4	I don't venture down to Henderson much...by choice...but I am glad I met this girl in a coffee shop.  If I hadn't I would have missed a great Italian Restaurant.The atmosphere is top notch.  Every place setting was perfectly laid out, and the tables were close enough to be intimate but not so close that you were rubbing elbows with strangers.The calamari was tender and breaded to perfection.  The 75 dollar tasting menu with matching wines is exactly what all tasting menus should be.  Lots of food, thoughtfully prepared with exceptional ingredients.  The wines were exceptional and complimented the food to a tee.Great for dates, romantic without being TOO romantic.  I say this is an excellent place for a group of adults, a first date or a married couple out for a nice meal but don't want to spend 150 a person.The wait staff was attentive without being overbearing and they answered every question my date had.Highly recommended.
4	04/08 Update - My wife ordered the mezzaluna pasta this time and I ordered the evening's special pasta - wild musroom ravioli.  Both were excellent.  We also shared the evening's special salad - arugula and fennel with a blood orange and lemon dressing.  This restaurant is very much a family affair with the wife serving as maitre d, the husband reciting the night's specials and the son serving as our waiter.  We shared a Caesar salad that was disappointing, but our pasta entrees saved the evening.  Ms. Westie ordered ravioli do zucca al burro e salvia  -   homemade ravioli stuffed with roasted butternut squash, topped with brown butter and sage.  I ordered the mezzaluna di vitello con Porcini - homemade half moon pasta filled with veal, served with peas, prosciutto and porcini mushrooms in a light cream sauce. Both pasta dishes were bursting with flavor and I rated mine as the best entre of the trip. We used a coupon for 50% off a second entre that I located on the Las Vegas Review Journal's (RJ) website
5	My favorite food is Italian food.  This is a problem as I have invested a great deal of time in trying different Italian restaurants, and after a few years, have not successfully found ones with decent quality.  Just for you to understand my quality level, Maggiano's, an Italian restaurant chain is the bare minimum standard for Italian food.  If I am desperate and want Italian food, I will reluctantly go there..  Macaroni Grill is crap, Olive garden is a joke.  Please don't get me started on CPK. Additionally, I only rate food.  I don't care about the environment, if it's hot or cold, if I'm getting hot flashes or not.  I will eat quality food in a blizzard, so long as the arctic winds do not compromise the taste of the food.  The food is good.  Al dente pasta, tasty.  Very well done.Service was excellent as well - not that I care about service, but merely pointing it out as a noticeable fact, as 7 different waiters and 4 busboys asked me if there was anything I required.There have been 2 other restaurants that I have discovered that is just as good.  And both of them are in California.I have eaten at B&B and it PALES in comparison to Gaetano's.  Sorry Mario Batale, maybe your sou chef was off that night, but I was not pleased with the quality of food.I recommend you come here.  The fact that this restaurant is not 5 stars by others makes me wonder - do people not have taste buds?
4	Really good Italian.  Everything we ordered we enjoyed without complaint.  The service was quick and attentive.  I had the veal parmigiana, and it was tender and perfectly breaded.  The rest of my family ordered a Shrimp dish, a Caprese salad, and an avocado salad.  Everyone was very happy with their choices.  It is worth the drive out to this restaurant if you're in the area, give it a try.
5	My husband and I went for our 1 year anniversary. They kindly placed us in a quiet corner and gave us a complimentary dessert to top off our celebration.The meal was absolutely fantastic! Excellent service and delectable meal. From the artichoke appetizer to the stuffed pastas. I don't know how you could ever go wrong with anything on the menu.My compliments to Gaetano's!
5	This was a top notch experience.  My best friend was given a surprise trip to Vegas by her husband and they came in for the weekend...they told me they like Italian food and I know one of the family's sons that owns the restaurant...had been meaning to try it for a long time, so I made a reservation for Saturday night.Gaetano's pulled out all stops - we were given the nice bread basket with olive oil and basalmic, but also a sampler of items including bruschetta, gnocchi with bolognese sauce, spinach ricotta ravioli and butternut squash ravioli with sage and brown butter.  I could tell the pasta is homemade.They had tons of specials on top of a large menu, and we got a wine special that was really delicious.  My friend and her hubby ordered a salad course, but my guy and I did not mind taking the time to digest our starter treats.  I ordered smoked salmon ravioli with lime shallot cream sauce (a special), and it was delicious!!!  My guy got veal ravioli, my friend got a half order of the spinach ricotta rav and her husband got chicken marsala with gnocchi.We were treated to tiramasu with a candle and cannolli for my friend's birthday and given an additional discount for her celebration.  The food was excellent, the service equal to any fine dining establishment, and the prices extra-reasonable.  The place filled up after we were seated too.  I would return with my parents for another special occasion.People wore a range of dress, but it was fun to wear a cocktail dress.  The interior of the restaurant is very nice and it felt like a special experience.
5	Its been awhile, but dinner was incredible. I knew Gaetano back at his restaurant in Calabassas CA. He has done a beautiful job with the decor a much bigger place than the it was in CA. A must go to when in Vegas. Enjoy.P.S His brother has a restaurant in Brentwood, Palmeri, one of my favorite places to go in L.A. Chef Ottavio Palmeri.
5	This place is awesome, some friends took us here and we loved it. I highly reccomend trying the special coffee drink they have, amazing that it is all liquor and tastes like a hot coffee, awesome place......food is awesome and so is the vibe
5	As a San Francisco food snob, I was delighted and surprised by the sophistication of this Italian restaurant in the middle of nowhere outside of Vegas.  As good as ANY restaurant in SF and better than most.  We were there on a Wednesday night and had the place to ourselves.  Bread was delicious, salad was flawless and we had one of that night's specials and it was superb.  Price was LOW by San Francisco standards.    Very attractive environment, quiet, good lighting, excellent service.  Wish it was in SF, I'd go there often.
5	Our family of 4 went to Gaetanos on a busy night. The food was FABULOUS....The service Fantastic. The drinks were OK, however, when we complained, the waiter did the right thing and made the drinks over for us with no problem! The personalities were pleasant. Actually, I LOVE THIS PLACE. I'm very spoiled with food and other than the drink, I could find no problem with this place. You must try it!
5	I was actually a little flabbergasted when I stepped into this restaurant. Who knew such an Italian gem of a restaurant was nesseled in this unassuming strip mall in Henderson?At first I thought I was a little underdressed for this restaurant. They have white table cloths and the whole setup of wine/water glasses, silverware etc. I felt like I needed to dress up a little bit before I stepped in there. Turns out, I was fine with whatever I was wearing (casual button up with jeans). That's great because I was hungry!They started off our dinner with a bread basket with 3 different kinds of bread. They also had a balsamic/olive oil dipping plate for our warm toasty bread, that came hot out of the oven.I took some recommendations from the waiter, Danny. He is definitely a great waiter and just a stand up guy to talk to. He will chat and explain the menu in detail and answer any questions for you. I took a once over of the menu and realized that fried calamari was on their appetizer and had to try it. I was also torn between the Butternut squash ravioli and the homemade Lasagna (both homemade made from scratch in house). I took Danny's recommendation and tried the Lasagna, and I was not dissappointed. The Lasagna was so flavorful. Each layer was perfectly cooked and almost melted in your mouth when you took a bite. The cheese that was melted on top was just right and not overcooked. Their sauce was aboslutely delicious and the portion size was just right. The calamari was definitely the best I have ever had in Vegas. The batter was not too overwhelming and the crunch was slight and the calamari had great texture. A+ for their lemon half being a mesh package so that the seeds don't fall out over the calamari when squeezing the juice out of it. The little things that make it special.After dinner, I sat here in amazement by the absolute attention to detail this place has given their food. The dedication to their food is noticeable in their presentation and their taste of each dish presented.Their service was always on par with plates being cleared and water being refilled. I would highly recommend anyone in the area to try this restaurant. If you have seen it before and just passed it by, please don't and try it for yourselves. I don't think you will be disappointed.  Take a date, bring a friend, bring family. You will love it.
4	Family owned and family run, this restaurant is authentic. This is my go-to Italian place in Henderson. I can eat-in or take-out and both are consistently good. I enjoy their pastas and specials the most it's made fresh from quality ingredients. My favorite pasta is the Tomato Sauce Clams Vongole, it is with real clams in shell - not the canned or jarred kind.
5	I've frequented Gaetano's for 25 years.  Unreal flavors!  The specials cannot be beat.  I rarely order off the menu due to the amazing daily special items.  Thankfully they have moved from Calabasas, CA to Vegas.  We were missing a really phenomenal italian restaurant.  A warm welcome to Mr. Gaetano.  I suggest not wearing jeans, but not crazy decked out either.  I'd say the per person cost is right around $20 - $40 ish, depending on whether or not you get wine.  A date for 2 is $100.
4	This place has been on my bookmark list for years ! We finally tried this place Saturday night as a double date with some of Yelp's finest - Lisa L. and Eric R. I will definitely be coming back again in the future - it's by far the best Italian I've had in Henderson. I agree with everyone that says Gaetano's needs to print a Specials menu! The list of 15 specials was so complicated even our waiter couldn't keep it straight. I love that they have specials, but the confusion of listening to soo many and trying to remember them was annoying. We started with beef carpaccio (YUM) and a pretty mediocre bottle of wine. Although I don't blame Gaetano's for the wine - that's my fault for picking the wrong one :)I had a 1/2 order of the chicken ravioli and a caprese salad for my main. The chicken ravioli was really good - definitely seemed homemade. The caprese was pretty awful. The mozzarella was yummy, but the olive oil was bland, there was no balsalmic, and they called it "Caprese con pepperoni" (I guess I'm an idiot for thinking "con pepperoni" implies there is pepperoni in the dish?). They had a huge pile of slimy red peppers in the middle and lots of onions. It was a weird rendition of a Caprese - not one I'd ever order again. My husband on the other hand got one of the best Italian dishes I've had in my life! I had major jealousy that he got to eat such fabulous food while I was picking at my weird Caprese! It was veal stuffed pasta in a cream sauce with proscuitto and peas. It comes with mushrooms but my freakshow of a husband had them leave those out. Seriously this pasta was incredible!!! Even without the mushrooms this pasta was SO GOOD. The veal was so tender and perfectly flavored. Next time I guess we'll just be getting 2 orders of this fabulousness!!A wonderful evening with friends and great food. Service was so-so, but the veal stuffed pasta will have me coming back!! Thank goodness it isn't a special and seems to be on the menu full time.
5	My fault for not making reservations and requesting my friend Nick to be our waiter.  However, nothing is like a night out on the town dressed up with Blair B., her husband Mike B., and Eric R.!  We each brought restaurant.com coupons, and ended up using the $50 off $100 (what a deal!)  The coupon includes alcohol.Mike B. proudly picked the wine with his wine app, so I said we would go with it.  It was okay, but since Blair already said it wasn't her favorite, I will go ahead and agree (I am not much for red wine but did it for my heart, baby!)We started off with complementary bruschetta, bread and olive oil/basalmic, and the wine.  Gaetano himself gave us the specials, and there were like 42 of them.  Our waiter finally reviewed them with us (though a few were sold out) and we were more confused (the menu is already big as it is).  I ended up getting the butternut squash ravioli with sage and brown butter, and magnificent it was!  The beef carpaccio appetizer was also delicious and at least I can say our waters were refilled rapidly.  Eric R. ordered a veal dish as his main and a half order of the special risotto of the day, bay scallop and shiitake.  It was outstanding and I couldn't stop eating it.To top it off, my friend Nick sent over via our waiter complementary "house cappucinos" which were essentially hot bittersweet chocolate with 3ish liqueurs and topped with whipped cream.  Eric R. was skeptical because he hates coffee and when he tried it, he was relieved.  YUM!
4	Wow. This place is amazing and the wait service is very attentive.A good friend of mine recommended this place to me when I asked to venture out to an italian restaurant that wasn't part of the Vegas strip and I'm glad he did. Don't let the location fool you because its part of a strip mall next to buffalo wild wings and across from a jewelery store, because once you step in the restaurant the ambiance is warm and if the noise level is right, even couple friendly. We started our dish with an appetizer (half order) of veal ravioli. Just the earthiness of the creamy mushroom sauce that accompanied the ravioli dish was very silky that when we had finished the raviolis, we sopped up the remaining of the sauce with our bread....it was that good!Oh on the bread, it taste freshly made.For our entree we shared Osso Bucco dish on a bed of safron risotto. The entree portion size here was big and enough for two individuals to share. The Osso Bucco was infused in a deep rich spices and cooked to the point that no knife, not even a butter knife is required. You litterally can cut the meat with your fork or spoon. The Meat on the Osso Bucco was very velvety and taking a spoonful of that with the saffron rissoto made the dish. Oh! I can't forget the marrow that is with the osso bucco, if you don't want to eat it with the rest of the dish, spoon it on some of the bread and its like buttery patte. As I am writing this review, a week later from our trip to Vegas, my mouth is still watering over this dish....and craving for some osso bucco.
4	*4.5 Stars We decided on Gaetano's for our anniversary and we were not let down. The atmosphere is very cozy and warm and the fact that it is family owned adds to the charm. The hostess is a bit gruff but she seem frazzled because they were very busy.  We had dinner on a Saturday at 6:30 p.m. It was already packed!! I would recommend making reservations. We made them on OpenTable. Appetizer- We had the half order of chicken ravioli in pesto cream sauce- I would have liked my pasta cooked slightly longer, it was a little undercooked.  The filling and the sauce for this ravioli were absolutely wonderful. I was practically licking the pesto sauce off of the plate. Salads- I had the caesar and my husband had the house salad. The caesar was good, just enough dressing, crispy lettuce, fresh croutons. Just a standard salad. The house salad was amazing! Mixed greens with shaved carrots, pine nuts, parmigiano cheese and balsamic vinaigrette. The balance of these ingredients were perfect. I loved it!Entrees- They have an extensive list of specials as well as an impressive menu consisting of pasta and main entrees. My husband choose to have the Salmon stuffed with Dungeness Crab and I had the New York Steak. The Salmon was seasoned and cooked very well and was delicious. It was served on a bed of orzo with mixed vegetables. I ordered the steak medium and that is how it came out. It was topped with a balsamic reduction. You could really taste the flavor of the meat, it wasn't heavily seasoned. I would have preferred a little more salt and pepper. The steak was served with mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables. I was impressed with the entrees because the meat in both of our dishes was cooked perfectly. They really had so many things on the menu that looked good!! Dessert- We didn't order desert but we were speaking with our waiter, Nick (who is also the owner's son) and mentioned it was our anniversary. He brought us some yummy tiramisu. Mild not too bitter. I don't know if I would order this again, but that is just my desert preference. I order wine by the glass, but they have an extensive wine list consisting of full and half-bottles as well as full bar. My husband order GlenFiddich on the rocks. Based on the price, I would have thought it was 15 year, but it was only 12. A little overpriced. The only other thing I didn't really care for was the bread, it didn't seem very fresh to me.Overall we had a wonderful evening and I hope to return to Gaetano's soon!
5	Like many of the other reviews, I took advantage of the Restaurant.com offer.  You get $50 off but need to spend $100.  My advice is to wait when they offer 80 or 90% off the Restaurant.com offer.  Normally you can get the $50 coupon for $20 but they offer discounts and then you can get it for just a couple bucks.Onto the review....I love this place because of the food and service.  You really feel at home and it does not feel stuffy.   The owner comes by and talks to you about the dishes and gives every table attention.  We ordered  the following:Carpaccio di manzo con arugula - Thin slices of raw beef tenderloin with arugula, parmesan cheese, and EVOO.  This was very light and fresh.Butternut squash Ravioli with Brown butter and Sage  - Very fresh...pasta had that nice bite in texture and the sauce was the boss.  You can also order a smaller portion which is what we did so these were our 2 apps.Branzino Served Tableside - This was one of the off-the-menu items.  As stated in previous reviews, the restaurant typicaly has 8-10 daily specials.  I recommend def ordering one of them up.  The fish was simple but fresh and good.  A little lemon, EVOO brings out the freshness and taste of the fish.  Ossobucco served on saffron risotto - the best dish i ve had in months.  so much flavor and you can tell some old lady's been slaving away cooking it in a dutch oven to get all the nice, juicy flavor.  You don't need a knife for the shank and it's so rich but worth it.  The risotto is perfectly cooked.To round it out, we ordered a side of broccoli rabe, tiramisu (awesome!), coffee, and with tax and tip we were out the door for just under $80.For the quality of food and service, the meal would have been close to $200 on the strip, but with the coupon we had a great time for a very reasonable price.We'll be back fo sure!
3	Eh, just Ok. I picked this place because my husbands name in Italian is Gaetano. We walked in and I was immediately impressed. The decor was nice and calm. We were seated and it took quite a few minutes for the busser to come. He acted annoyed when I said regular water was OK instead of bottled. The same annoyed busser brought bread and slammed it down on the table. My husband said it was great though. Our food came reasonably quickly. It was a very modest portion. I am on a fairly strict diet and my appetite is not currently huge. I ordered chicken picatta. It was good, but not great. It was what I call a showgirl portion. After I ate every bite I was still hungry and could have gone elsewhere after. My husband order chicken parm. He said it tasted good, and the sauce on the pasta was great. But the chicken was soggy. He was not full or satisfied after dinner either. We had 2 chicken entrees and 2 glasses of wine. The bill was $68 before the tip. rather pricey to leave still wanting something else. It was OK, but as usual in Vegas there will be no return.
4	We had an urge for italian and wanted to try a new place. Since my bookmarks just seem to keep growing, I decided to check there first. Not suprising, this place showed up.From outside it looked like a typical strip mall restaurant but after walking through their doors, this place transitioned itself to a bold and elegantly decorated space. The dining tables were spread on a huge open layout, nice tall vaulted celing and dim lighting that set a nice tone.  What we got:House Bread and dip: I loved the their plain slices of bread dipped in their olive oil red vinegar. But even better was their stick slices of what I call deep dish pizza with no cheese and just a little tomato sauce. We were off to a nice start!Bruschetta: small thin toasted slices of bread with garlic, fresh chopped tomato and parmesan + herbs. Very nice but could of done without this, since their House/comp bread was great!Ravioli di Pollo alla Genovese (homemade chicken ravioli with pesto sauce): chicken was pureed and stuffed in the delicate pasta surrounded by the typical pastel green color pesto sauce. It was Really Good! Only negative was that we felt that a little more chicken in each ravioli would of balance the pasta/filling ratio much better.Ossobuco alla Milanese (braised veal shank, redwine, fresh herbs, tomato sauce served on a bed of saffron risotto): The Meat was Absolutely Delicious! Only negative is that it wasn't as tender as it could of been, maybe another hour or 2 of slow cookin' should done the trick?! Good size meat portion;although, I've had bigger. Bone marrow was tasty little treat but it was on the small side and filling seemed missing?! The risotto was perfectly cooked, paired with the shank and sauce, was incredible!! * I also had a Sterling Cabernet with the Ossobuco and it was splendid :)Tiramisu (homemade in house): Nicely presented and tasted fantastic. They use an Amaretto type liquor which definitly comes through and was quite unique from what I'm used to. And the texture was on a sharp point! Very nice choice to end a memorable dinner.Beautiful Decor, Mellow Atmposhere, Great Food, Service Impressive and Value was Great for quality! Yeah, I like this place!
5	I've been to this restaurant several times and have yet to have anything that was less than excellent.  Tonight I had the eggplant appetizer that is always top notch.  The venison special was cooked perfect with an excellent risotto side.  I won't give past reviews on past meals other than to say everything I have had made me come back for more.  It inspired my first of many yelp reviews.  Definitely eat here if in Henderson or las vegas.
4	I came here with my girlfriend to celebrate Valentine's Day (the Saturday before) and made the reservations through Yelp/Open Table -which worked successfully, if anyone is curious.I took advantage of the Restaurant.com offer, of course (including a coupon code, therefore getting a $25 certificate for $2 :D)I heard about the place a long time ago and wanted to try, so finally took advantage of the gift certificate.The atmosphere is nice (dim, calm and romantic) when you walk in you can see they've won a few awards. I really like the way it is tucked into the corner of the strip mall/area and the way they utilized the space. I felt like it was a place you could find in a more urban area and like I kind of made a discovery.I could instantly tell this place was family owned, and the owner was very nice (and funny). He seated my girlfriend and I and rattled off all the specials. I liked the guy because he reminds me of some of the family members on my dad's side from "the old country", he made sure to cover the details of the specials and addressed any of our questions.Our waiter was a nice guy too, very personable, answered our questions, helped make suggestions etc. Okay onto the food..The traditional appetizer bread that you get with the meal is awesome. Fresh made, fluffy, warm and tasty. The sticks with marinara were so good and they even offered to bring us more (which we declined because we ordered quite a bit of food).For the appetizer we had the melon and prosciutto. The prosciutto was a decent cut and was tasty, and the melon was fresh and crispy. Also it was a more generous portion than I expected- we were given 6 good slices of prosciutto and melon.  It was really good, the only thing I would've changed was the melon was really cold (which is understandable because they have to refrigerate the slices/melon I'm sure)- but it can make it hard on sensitive teeth, just a personal preference. Either way, I recommend it.My girlfriend had the Fettucini Alfredo with shrimp. She raved about it (I am not a fan of heavy cream sauces- particularly Fettucini Alfredo- so I didn't try it) , but it looked very good. The pasta is home-made and had a very nice color to it, and the shrimp were a nice size. She has an Italian background and is familiar with homemade pasta and said it was some of the best she has ever had. I had the New York Strip with peppercorn/balsamic reduction. It was VERY good, cooked well and very flavorful. Also, it was a nice cut and large (I cannot remember if he said it was 10 or 12 oz, sorry this was a week ago). The dollop of mashed potatoes along side were delicious, the best I have ever had. The vegetables were o.k. But that balsamic reduction definitely made the meal- the steak was fantastic. Again, it was a generous portion, and I took some home (which is a rare thing for me).*Just a side note- the Osso Buco here seems to be the hot thing. The table next to us ordered it and it looks fantastic- I don't eat veal, but I'm actually hoping to return and try it*After eating I had a cappuccino, which although I'm not familiar with, I thought was really good and well-made.The price was very reasonable- considering the experience, portion sizes and quality of food (especially with the coupon/certificate we had). The reason why I gave four stars (and not five) was although the service was friendly and good, it was slow. We were there a good hour and a half (maybe more). It took a long time for our appetizer and longer for our food. Also, my food was fairly cold when I got it (but my girlfriend's was hot). If they can fix that- solid 5.The place can get  really loud too- which personally I don't mind, it's something I actually enjoy in Italian restaurants (it feels authentic) but if you're looking for a quiet place were you can have a soft conversation I wouldn't recommend a Friday or Saturday night here, we had to talk a bit loud over the crowd. In all, it's definitely a new favorite of ours, we're hoping to return soon when we can treat ourselves (maybe on a quieter night where hopefully the service will be quicker) and we would recommend it.
5	One of my favorite restaurants. Always good food, mostly always good service, overall an excellent and classy experience. My only complaint, it's always too cold.
5	Wonderful food. Had stuffed veal with parmesan risotto, fried artichokes with a pesto sauce. A-freaking-mazing. Papa- the owner was very wonderful with us.
5	GREAT Food!  GREAT Service!Have been here before and have always enjoyed our experience.  Figured I might as well Yelp about this time.Had Dinner last night... it was pretty empty ... 3 other tables were sat when we got there... of course, one table did have 10 people at it.Ambience:  Quiet (unless there's a party of 10 whooping it up next to you)... can be Romantic / Intimate with the low lighting...white table cloths and stealthy serversNot Fancy... but Not Casual... We had brought our own bottle of Prosecco to enjoy at the beginning of the meal and to toast my Mom's b-day.  I think the corkage fee was $15.They immediately brought out Chilled Flutes and a bucket filled with ice to keep our wine cold....and they continued to refill our glasses til the wine was gone.  :)  We ordered the Bruschetta to start....Pretty good... because the tomatoes were juicy... the bread got soggy.  Not the best Bruschetta I've ever had but it was good... give it 3 stars.My mom and I split the Arugula salad (with goat cheese, pear slivers and candied pecans and a light champagne vinigarette).  5 starsPerfect portion to split as we wanted a salad but didn't want a BIG salad to start.  Very tasty... fresh arugula and the the goat cheese was melt in your mouth perfect.I ordered the Special Stuffed Veal Chop... WOW!  WOW!  WOW!  5 stars!It was D-LISH!  And the veal chop was HUGE.  I didn't finish it... took half home.  It was served with parmesan risotto of which... I took 1/2 of that home too.The chop was stuffed with parm, broccoli rabe, italian sausage and served in their Marsala sauce... SO GOOD!Mom ordered the Crab Stuffed Salmon which was served on a bed of rice pilaf, sliced carrots and zucchini. I got a taste of hers and it was Very Good... but I liked my stuffed Veal Chop better.I'd give hers 4.5 stars because I liked mine better.The husband ordered the Special Pappardelle pasta with Filet Mignon and Shittake mushrooms in a Creamy Marsala sauce.  I got a taste of this too... WOW! Definitely 5 stars!It was rich and so much flavor. The shittake really added another dimension to the dish... of flavor and depth. I really liked his but was enjoying my veal so much that I didn't switch with him... although... I thought about it. Sadly, he ate ALL of his dinner so I don't get his leftovers.Because it was Mom's b-day... they brought out Tiramisu.  YUMMMMM!5 starsLight... Creamy.... Rich. Not overly soaked in coffee ... and Not overly sugar-y....One of the best Tiramisu's I've had.  My favorite is still the one at Celini's in New York but this one makes top 5.Will I go back?  YES!
5	There is a good reason why Zagat choose this place as best restaurant in Vegas, as well as earning best of Vegas awards from various establishments.Gaetano is a full blooded Sicilian who take personal pride and works at the his restaurant of 9 years.  Nice guy with a thick Italian accent who sell any item on the menu to you. It beats over hyped Iron Chef Batali 2 restaurants in the Venetian hands down, and in addition been to Italy several times and know the real deal ...Not to mention some of my favorites in NYC, SF, and LA.Kids and I had their hand made pappardelle pasta with Fillet Mignon tips.Both just melts in your mouth.. so tender, first time I thought gumming food was pleasurable.Lobster Zuppe De Pesce (omg) over Linguini... the BEST ever.I've had many others and nothing like this!Clearly it doesn't get any more authentic or better than Gaetano's.This is going to be my favorite Italian when I am in town.
4	Recommended by a local, this place is feels very authentically Italian.  Though the situation did not allow us to partake in wines, it seemed like there was a decent selection.For starters, we had the wild mushroom soup and a burrata cheese caprese-like appetizer.  Both very good, but the wild mushroom soup was fantastic.  For main courses, we had the papardelle and the parchment steamed whole fish.  The whole fish had a show with the chef coming to the table to debone the fish for us.  It was a fun affair, but being asian and eating whole fish all my life, I could have probably deboned it better.  All in all, the price was reasonable, the service friendly, and the food memorable.  Definitely a place to try outside the typical Vegas fare.
4	Recommended by a local, this place is feels very authentically Italian.  Though the situation did not allow us to partake in wines, it seemed like there was a decent selection.For starters, we had the wild mushroom soup and a burrata cheese caprese-like appetizer.  Both very good, but the wild mushroom soup was fantastic.  For main courses, we had the papardelle and the parchment steamed whole fish.  The whole fish had a show with the chef coming to the table to debone the fish for us.  It was a fun affair, but being asian and eating whole fish all my life, I could have probably deboned it better.  All in all, the price was reasonable, the service friendly, and the food memorable.  Definitely a place to try outside the typical Vegas fare.
5	We chose this restaurant based on 80% off Restaurant.com and then we researched reviews.  We were so impressed with our experience at this establishment.  The owner (wife) checked us in and was so nice to our daughter.  The owner (husband) showed us to our table.  The place is beautifully decorated. The menu had amazing choices.  We had bread, calamari for an appetizer, I had the special Stuffed Salmon with crabmeat and my husband have Ribeye and my daughter had penne pasta with butter and a side of veggies.  My husbands drinks were reasonalbly priced and the staff was very attentive.  The son of the owners was the waiter and had a wonderful personality.  We had a wonderful experience here and will go back again without my daughter.  My daughter played "Fancy Nancy" for the night but she said she wanted to go to AppleBees next time so we will go on a date night just the two of us.  We LOVED everything about Gaetano's Ristorante.  You should check it out!  :)
4	This ristorante boasts very good food with a few unique dishes that set it apart from the usual Italian fare. From the obligatory pre-meal bread to the delightful dessert cappucino, everything was fresh, tasty, and interesting. The service, setting, and presentation were all excellent as well. Though a little pricey, I would definitely recommond this place for a nice night out.
3	I will start out with the disclaimer that I lived in Italy for 6 glorious months and, consequently, I am a total Italian food snob. I found out about this place from a friend and I was especially pleased to find them on restaurant.com. So my husband and I printed our $50 gift certificate and headed out on a Friday night. I started the meal with the best cosmo I have ever had, it was definitely strong but I didn't taste any alcohol. The bartender is masterful! I then moved on to the bread basket on the table. The regular bread was delicious and warm. There was also an herb, almost pizza looking bread that I was not very fond of, but I am sure somebody enjoys it. I did notice that other tables were getting bruschetta as well as bread, but I got the feeling they were "regulars," but it made me feel left out! We moved on to appetizers. I had the caprese salad, which has roasted peppers and onions on it. I was surprised how well the whole thing worked, given its non-traditional nature. I would definitely recommend it! For the main courses, I had the papardelle with filet and my husband had the trout special. The pasta was delightful and the filet was melt in your mouth delicious, but the dish was missing something. It was earthy and rustic but there was a flavor profile missing for sure. The trout was well cooked, but the skin of the fish was not at all crispy and we felt it should have been. It came with a side of pasta that was delicious! Since we had the restaurant.com coupon we decided to go all out and get a dessert. We decided to go out on a limb and try the Sicilian cannoli. The cannoli was almost inedible. It has an overwhelming lemon flavor and is just very off-putting texturally. The service was wonderful, until the end of the meal. The restaurant had filled up very fast and people were asking to be seated in our server's section. The poor man was running from table to table! It took us over 15 minutes to get someone to swipe our credit card so we could leave, but other than that small ordeal the service was impeccable. Overall, it was a mixed bag for us. I have had better Italian food in Las Vegas, but I may give this another try sometime in the future.
5	My husband and I frequent this place; we go once or twice a month on the average.  Gaetano's is great Italian food with an excellent wine list.  Best of all, Gaetano's is in our neighborhood!  The food has great flavor. Meats are always served to our desired doneness. Seafood and poultry items on the menu are juicy and tender. Pasta is cooked al dente while the sauces always make me want to lick my plate clean!  I love listening to their specials although you can't go wrong ordering from the menu. I recommend the burrata, the baked artichoke stuffed with Parmesan (an occasional special), the mushroom soup (also a special) and caprese for starters, the Mezzelune di Vitello con Porcini for pasta, and the Ossobuco alla Milanese for your entree, the tiramisu for dessert paired with THE cappuccino (not the regular one but the owner's own recipe).  Then again, like I said, you can't go wrong with any item from the menu.I most especially like the feeling that the restaurant exudes.  You can certainly feel the welcome from the family that runs the place. The service is very personal. Nick who is often our server, treats us very well.  I also enjoy small talks with his father who is usually the host for the evening when he comes around to the tables. The floor plan and lighting make you feel cozy. It is not too small as to constrict you nor is it too big that it loses the intimacy.  I can come in shorts and flip-flops or in a little black satin dress and I'd be fine.  They send you a gift certificate for a free dinner to celebrate your birthday which is redeemable within your birth month. They often email you discount coupons too.  Occasionally, the restaurant will have set dinner menu pairing events hosted by wineries which are well worth the price because they are often generous with their pours and with pour refills.From appetizers to desserts, Gaetano's is a hearty meal for its value. You pay not only for the quality and the decent sized portion of food, but also for the service, and the ambiance.
5	Gaetano Palmeri is a bona fide professional.  Having dined at his place in Calabasas, CA years ago, he's not skipped a beat.  The menu will satisfy just about anyone seeking an Italian meal with a great range of starters, a variety of pastas, great seafood and meat selections.  We're fond of the warm cabbage salad, but tonight we opted for the special arugula with goat cheese and champagne vinaigrette split.  My wife devoured the barramudi with chopped tomato and I coasted along with a risotto with chicken and asparagus.  Perfect mid-week meal.The dining room is so comfortable in a refined way.  Murals and mirrors on the walls with soft but adequate lighting goes beyond inviting.  A full bar can start or end the meal and I'm told the desserts are special.  Can't say enough good things about Gaetano's.  We're not missing a repeat visit any time soon.
5	I can't believe I haven't heard of Gaetano's until recently, but it definitely held up to what I heard and that's it being the best Italian spot in Vegas. Totally worth the drive and such a perfect spot for a dinner date. Penne alla Vodka was perfect.
5	Gaetano's is an Italian family restaurant. This is family style eating at its finest. Anyone who comes in is treated like a guest who entered the living room and is welcome to come into the dining room. Hey guest! What are you doing in the kitchen! (Just kidding, but don't go into the kitchen). The food is astoundingly good and puts other 'family style italian gardens' absolutely to shame. I don't care how many plates of food those places throw at you, you only need one plate of Gaetano's and you'll have some to take home. They'll do birthdays, parties or just dinner. No matter what, make a reservation. They won't let the place get crowded enough that you can't get service. The bar is wonderful. My sister-in-law and I spent an entire night making up martinis with the bartender. It was so much fun. The bartenders are totally engaging and enjoy making new and interesting drinks.Go and enjoy Gaetano's. Get the espresso to end the meal and have a drink after at the bar. Its a wonderful establishment and you feel good the minute you walk in the door.
5	Being an Italian from New York, I am extremely picky when it comes to this type of food. I went here with some family once, and the owner actually walked around to check on every table. Our family ended up talking to him, in italian, because he was born in the same town as a few family members of mine. They are extremely nice, food is outstanding and from what I remember, he gets his fish for the restaurant fresh to make sure that the flavor is the best it can possibly be. Its tough to find good fish in the desert, but this place will not let you down!
3	Checked this out with a chef friend of mine.  Nothing to really complain about at this place but nothing that blew me away.I had the short rib dish - the short ribs were cooked well though it was kind of messing the melt in your mouth texture I like.  Might have been the short ribs themselves rather than the way it's cooked.  Came with a blah gnocci I didn't really like or hate.  Just blah.My chef buddy had some pork special.  It was ok - but again nothing special.  Pork breaded and wrapped with something.  Just wasn't great.Also ordered a side of spaghetti and marinara.  Nothing special - again.Dessert was apple pie a la mode.  That was actually very nice.  Rich, flaky, great crust.Not sure this place can justify the prices without a bit more flavor.
3	Let me start off by saying that the ONLY reason this restaurant is getting three stars from me is because the food was actually good. If I rated the service, they would not even get one star. We had tried this restaurant when it first opened so many years ago, but had not been back since...until last night. My husband made reservations through reservations.com, and asked for a quiet, corner table as we were celebrating our anniversary. Our reservations were for 6:45 PM and the place wasn't very crowded at the time. After arriving, a waiter greeted us as he was stretching over to assist the people at another table. He grabbed a couple of menus and seated us (didn't ask if we had a reservation). Therefore, we were seated at a table between a couple with an irritable young child and a group of people that were pretty loud. We had to talk above normal levels just to hear each other. After being ditched by our waiter, we were finally served bread and water. More waiting as we are basically sitting, there as our waiter was tending to the tables around us, passing us by, barely glancing at us. This was the theme throughout the night. We finally got our appetizer (delivered by a different server), which was a very good antipasto platter. Perfect for two people and had very good flavors. Our main courses were equally as good. I had a homemade butternut squash ravioli in a brown butter sage sauce. It was excellent. My husband had their pork special, which he enjoyed as well. I do have to give compliments to the chef. We would have had dessert (since it was a special occasion), but the 45 minute wait after we finished eating was just a little annoying. Again, our waiter walked by us several times, not looking at us, just tending to his other customers. Oh, the owner or manager did come over to us and said our last name with a question like he was confirming our reservation. Then he left and the next time we saw him was to ask for our check. We decided to go have our anniversary dessert at Crepe Shack and Waffles...much better service! Will we go back...probably not. There are too many good Italian restaurants in Henderson to try that have much better service.
5	The service was excellent (maybe because I went when there weren't that many people there. The food was AMAZING! I had the veal raviolli. It didn't taste gamey at all, and the sauce was amazing. i love this place!
5	Wonderful ambiance, excellent food and extremely attentive service. Come hungry because you'll have a lot of delicious food to enjoy once you get here.
5	Amazing food and amazing service.  What more can you ask for?I went here last night to celebrate a birthday for my girlfriend and was seated immediately since the rush hasn't started yet. The restaurant seemed like the perfect place for our date that evening.  Romantic and classy.  Exactly what I was looking for.Our waiters took our drinks and told us a long list of specials they for the night. That speech took at least 3 minutes.  I guess they were really trying to push the specials.Before I get onto the food I want to comment on the service and overall experience.Service:- Fantastic. We were checked up on my our waiter and his trainee many times throughout dinner. Usually restaurants check up on you 2-3 times throughout the dinner and we would have to flag them down the rest. But not here.  Another thing that caught my attention was the owner walked around mingling with the customers the entire night.  He looked content and caring.-  You have to wait for your food here. Each of our courses had at least 15-20 minutes in between (Including the time you eat that course); as it should be. We ordered around 6:40pm, received our antipasto at 6:50, then received our mussels at 7:20 and so on.  I'm not saying this is bad at all, but if you're in a hurry don't eat here. They make quality food here and if you're just going to rush through and scarf it down you mine as well just grab a burger from Wendy's down the street.Experience:- I really enjoyed that dinner. The food was fantastic and not too salty. I actually prefer this place over Maggiano at the Fashion Show Mall. It seems like "real" Italian food. Not the fancy dishes they serve you at the high quality Italian restaurants at MGM Casino or the Americanized Italian food at Maggiano or Buca di Beppo. This restaurant pulls quality and authentic Italian style cooking, stirs it up, and serves it onto a plate for you to indulge in.  Also, go to restaurant.com to get a coupon. My four course meal for two people was $121, but my coupon was for $50 off $100, so the bill was for $70 not including an automatic 18% gratuity for using the coupon.  So all together, $90 for a four course high quality meal? Not bad. Not bad at all.Food:- Appetizers: Carpaccio di manzo con argula e parxnigiano (Beef carpaccio and arugala with parmesan cheese shavings)  $15I actually really liked this carpaccio when comparing it to many of the other places in Las Vegas At Brio in Town Square they use an aioli which I'm not too fond of. I really like the taste of the beef and the extra aioli hides that flavor. However, the carpaccio is not as good as the one at FiAMMA at the MGM Casino (Their secret ingredient is truffles so they automatically have the upper hand). Insalatta della casa (House salad) $9A basic house salad with a nice sweet balsamic vinaigrette.- Hot Appetizers Brodetto (Clams and mussels in a white wine tomato broth) $15This smelled and tasted great. However, the bread was supposed to be dipped into the broth and eaten but the broth was too salty to consume with the toast.  I don't think I'll order this one again.Main Course: Mezzelune di Vitello con porcini (A half moon type of ravioli filled with veal) $19This tasted fantastic. It takes the cake from all other Italian restaurants I've been too. The cream sauce was not too salty, the filling was nice and smooth, and the extra peas and prosciutto added a nice flavor to every bite. Ossobucco alla Millanese (Braised veal shank on saffron risotto) $32This was my first time I had ossobucco and to be honest I only got it because it was basically the most expensive item on the menu and I wanted to be able to use my $50 off $100 coupon.  I don't regret getting this dish at all. The veal fell apart when I dug into it with my fork; a good sign that it was braised for a while.  And the saffron risotto was nice and creamy.Dessert: Tiramisu $?My girlfriend and I weren't really a fan for this one. The tiramisu at Maggino seemed better.  The only upsetting part about this cake was the lady fingers.  Despite them being soaked with liquid it still felt kind of dry and rough when swallowed.  Maybe I'm just used to eating the one at Maggiano and I don't know what real Tiramisu should be like. Gaetano's specialty martini $9I didn't really like it. The texture was nice; bubbly and still had some floating crystals of ice.  But there was a similar remarkable scent from one of those discs that they put in the urinals so that it doesn't smell. I couldn't get past that. Also, it could have been sweeter.That pretty much wraps it up.  I would definitely go here again as it's probably my top Italian restaurant now.
4	This little gem in Henderson made me (yes, me!) like mushroom ravioli!  Our waiter was amazing and sold me on the homemade ravioli with sausage, mushroom and asparagus and I loved it!  We started off with the wonderful stuffed dates appetizer and arugula salad.  I had a bite of my friend's pasta with vodka sauce which was also amazing!  We ended the night with their tiramisu, and I wish I had saved room.  What a wonderful place- great service and amazing food!  Check it out!
5	I scheduled a birthday dinner here last minute due to unmet needs at another restaurant. Never been there until that night, but I heard from my supervisor that the food is really good. I can celled my other reservation and called them to see if they could take my group on such a short notice. When I called, I spoke to the manager who was completely understanding and helped me set up the reservation. I ended up being really satisfied! 1. They accommodated me and my guests and 2. They were genuinely nice to my friends and me. I really enjoyed my dinner here. I brought a cake with me and they lit the candles and brought it out to me. As well as cut the cake and served it. They really do care about their customers here. It's more like family here. The food was really good too. I had penne pasta which was really tasty and cooked just right. I still hear from my guests that they enjoyed the food and service here and this was a year ago! At the time, they were able to split checks. Which is one of the reasons why I dumped the other place. They tried to pull a quick one on me and tell me they couldn't do it the day of my dinner, even though previously they said they would. I am SO glad I chose to go to Gaetano's! I would definitely recommend this place. It's not cheap, but it's really good and the workers are super nice!
4	MMMMMMMM!!! thats all i have to say about this place. i could say for a Saturday night they could have a bit more servers working, but it acutally ended up working out. cuz with all the food we ordered the time it took for it to come out was just the right amount to let us rest in between. sooo good, will def be back!!
2	Not too impressed with the food at this place.  I find it terribly overpriced and very mediocre.The owner is a salesman and would not trust anything he says or does.  Ate here with a group of 10 people.  Steaks were overcooked, short ribs were of fast food quality, veal was as thick as prepackaged Hormel lunch meat.Too many other good restaurants to go back to this place.  Owner is a bit of a creep as well.
2	Ate here for the 3rd time yesterday evening and left quite disappointed.  The quality seems to have decreased significantly.  I would have rated it outstanding two years ago, good last year, and below average currently.  The calamari appetizer was rubbery, came out only luke warm, with a very mundane sauce.  My veal parmigiana, while adequate, was really quite ordinary and forgettable.  My wife ordered the fish special and was quite disappointed.  The service was adequate, but spotty.  We requested additional bread, was told it was coming, but it never arrived.  I was treating two additional friends for dinner, so I asked them to bring me the check.  Instead a different person dropped it off next to my friends, which was embarrassing.  It turned out to be the check for a different table.  When they brought the correct check, they once again dropped it off my my friends, forcing them to have to awkwardly hand it to me.  I also resent having an 18% tip added for a party of four--not because of the amount, as I would tip this much or more anyway if the service were good, but because it is insulting.  I doubt that we will be back any time in the foreseeable future.
4	Really great experience with our waiter- very knowledgeable and the food was great. They even customized a dish for me because I couldnt decide what to order. I love that.
4	We enjoyed Gaetanos family owned and operated service adn cusine for a celebration of my parent's 80th and 90th birthdays. From the friendly service, accomodating approach to working with our party of almost 16 adults, two children and an infant to the great food we were very pleased with our choice. The owners makes sure to make
5	I'm so thankful this great restaurant is just a couple of miles from my home.   Five friends and I had dinner here last week and it' hasn't changed in several years.  My husband and I used to go there a couple times a month and never had anything short of an excellent meal and excellent service.   We loved the ambience; romantic, classy and quiet.The service and food are still top notch and we stayed for 3 hours because we were so comfortable and conversation was a pleasure without the noise.   Our reservations were for 6 PM (via Open Table) and we were seated immediately.Drinks all around were well made and ample.  Since we're close friends we usually split the bill among us so the server suggested an antipasto plate for the table in lieu of salads. .  It was  perfect, we devoured it.  We let the kitchen choose what went on the plate and they chose well.Cindy ordered the short ribs and said they were outstanding.   Beef was very tender and delicious.Maureen's Veal Marsala (she made me taste it) was out of this world.  Great taste, awesome sauce.Sandy ordered Eggplant Parmegianno and said it was the best she'd had.   Lorraine and Jeannette orderded Angel Hair pasta topped with chicken.   They were very pleased.I had the Veal Picatta but requested a side of Risotto Milanese (saffron rice with loads of parmegianno cheese).  This wasn't on the menu but they graciously accomodated me.  I'm high maintenance.  LOL.  Needless to say that was a wise choice.  The veal was fork tender, melt-in-your-mouth delicious with a sauce that had the right amount of lemon and butter.  Not enough capers to suit me but I'm a caper lover so......oh and the best cosmo this side of Brio Tuscan Grill.  We usually go to another Italian Restaurant every New Year's Eve but decided we needed to go back to Gaetano's so after 5 years we now have a new place to frequent. Just a word about the courtesy of the staff; even though everyone had left, we stayed (maybe overstayed) our welcome and continued to  have a great conversation without anyone seeming to be in a hurry to get us out.  They quietly went about what they were doing and told us to take our time.   Thank you staff for being so nice and understanding.   We really didn't want to leave.
5	Updated to include dinner New Year's Eve at Gaetano's.   The Ossobuco was absolutely  fantastic.   Very tender, very flavorful and of course the marrow is the crowning glory.   Missed the traditional gremolata (garlic/parsley/lemon zest sprinkled over the shanks) but other than that it was perfect.  It was served over pasta, but again being the traditionalist when it comes to Ossobuco I asked for and got Risotto Milanese and it too was perfect.   Two others in my group ordered the same and they loved it.I love that the owner always makes it a point to talk to the patrons and maybe josh with them a little.  He always makes himself visible and available and if you need anything, or make substituions he's there and ready to accomodate. Nice touch.
4	We ate at Gaetano's last night.  Mr. Gaetano was not working last night but he has two sons that do.  The waiter (the loud son) was engaging and passionate about the food and the off menu specials.We started with a buffalo mozzarella salad that was very tender and fresh.  We shared a stuffed artichoke that was delicious and reminded me of my grandmothers.  We ordered a rib eye (with all the fat cut off), veal rav, veal parm and eggplant pasta dish.  All were great.
4	The Groupon I had for this place was burning a hole in my pocket (er phone) so I decided to take my fella and mom here for dinner last night. We came in around 7 and the place wasn't too packed. We were greeted warmly by the hostess and seated quickly. Almost immediately our drink orders were taken and a minute after that our server greeted us and welcomed us to the restaurant. He came back a few minutes later to give us a rundown on all the specials for the evening. The list was definitely extensive. Probably would benefit them to write them down since the waiter was forced to list about 15 different specials which a bit time consuming, but still informative. I was debating between the pappardelle and the gnocchi, but I ended up going with the gnocchi. My fella ordered the chicken ravioli and my mom got the lasagna. The bread was really good and they were very generous with the quantities. We started with the artichoke heart appetizers, which was great. Our food took quite a bit of time to come out. We were left waiting for a really long time, but our server was extremely apologetic for the delay however. The food finally came out and everyone was extremely pleased with their meals. Delicious, I'll definitely be back again since I know they offer restaurant. com deals.
5	I grew up in a traditional east coast italian family, so many italian restaurants in vegas that others love...i find just "Meh..."  This place is my absolute favorite italian restaurant so far in Vegas, and one of my fav overall places as well! The food has always been delicious, as well as authentic and freshly made meals. The service is excellent as well! I love the ambiance here, and the fact that its run by a sweet italian family!! It kinda reminds me of being home I think :) The son is usually our server, but last night i took the BF out to dinner on date night the dad came over to say hello, explain the specials, and the wine list....the BF isnt the biggest wine drinker so he helped us pick out a bottle that he and I would both enjoy, and i have to say we both thought it was delicious!  I try to make myself get something different each time I eat here because everything is always so good, but I am so in love with the gorgonzola gnocchi....i think about it every day I'm dieting!!! haha...  Its really nice to see a REAL italian, family-run restaurant in the area...I hope they continue to do good business!!
5	We dined there last night and had a fantastic meal from start to finish.Service was excellent, and very attentive.  He was very capable of handling my special dietary requests and basically had the kitchen make me something that isn't on the menu.I will be back very soon!
3	No doubt lots of good reviews on Gaetanos. Just went there for the first time. More formal and maybe 'upscale' than I thought it would be (double contrasting tablecloths, candles, wine glasses pre-set, waiters in ties, etc.). Nice decor, just not what I was expectin.. But enough of that, we were there to eat. The menu was OK. Basic staples of Italian not to be found,,,Spag and Meatballs, Chicken Parm, and others) This was more of an upscale menu (and prices), just like the decor. Lot's of veal, lot's of 'specials'. We got Bolognese and Chicken Marsala. Overall, we thought it was OK, but with so many good Italian restaurans in H-Son, did not seem to stand above, or equal to many. Nice to try once, but not for us. Service was good.
5	The service is outstanding and the food is even better. I have a new appreciation for the quality of the food as well as the authentic style Gaetano applies to his cooking. I loved this place before I traveled to Italy and I'm more impressed with the food after I spent 5 days trying authentic Italian food. This is a place I would recommend to anyone who doesn't want to pay "Vegas Strip" prices, but enjoys the quality of fine food.
5	So normally when I come to Las Vegas, I dine like most other vacationers in town for the weekend. Brunch buffets, food courts lunches and an occasional overpriced dinner in one of the casinos on the Strip. Sometimes I make it to the Main Street Station 777 Steakhouse Grill downtown which I think is one of the best bargains in Vegas.So when I friend told me that he had a place in mind for dinner on the outskirts of town in Henderson, I was more than happy to oblige. He had raved about Gaetano's before and I was eagerly awaiting to see what all the fuss was about, and also spend an evening away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip.The great thing about this place is it's a family owned establishment with more locals than tourists eating there. It feels like a place that you would actually go out to for a nice dinner if you lived in the area! The owners are extremely friendly and chatted with us before bringing out our appetizer, a plate of assorted cheeses, bruschetta, olives, assorted bread basket and a delicious centerpiece of fresh mozerella drizzled with balsamic vinegar atop a bed of fresh arugula. The cheese will literally melt in your mouth, leaving you to crave another three or four pieces. But fear not, then there are the entrees...Our waiter Nick was extremely friendly and knowledgable, and explained the specials to us in extreme detail, and they all sounded delicious. We could tell that he is very passionate about the food at Gaetano's. My friend ordered the chicken-asparagus risotto (off the regular menu), which he said was delicious. I also ordered off the main menu, mostly because of the rave reviews that the Ossu Bucco has gotten at this place. When it came, my eyes practically popped out of my head. What you had was an enormous shank of meat complete with the bone marrow sitting atop a bed of saffron risotto. I went straight for the marrow, spreading it onto the bread. That first bite may be one of my top 5 of all time. The shank was tender and delicious, smothered in what looked to be a tomato and red wine reduction sauce. It all went perfectly with the rich and delicious saffron risotto (who even thinks of such a thing?!?!). Needless to say by the end of the meal every last bit of marrow had been sucked from the bone, and by the last sip of my glass of house red wine I was practically in heaven. Oh yeah, and then there was the creme brulee with fresh strawberries that was one of the best I've ever had. So in order to sum everything up...If you are ever in Vegas, GO TO GAETANO'S YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!! #Mange
2	The Italian food here is good not great though. For the price you can defininetely find better in Las Vegas. I have been here quite a bit because its close, so I have given this place ample chances to try to impress me.
5	We were first introduced to this restaurant through some good friends and have returned time and time again since then. We just celebrated our 3rd Anniversary here and hope to keep visiting for all our special occasions.This family owned and operated Italian restaurant is amazing. Everyone is extremely friendly and treats everyone as if they've known you forever. The owner, Gaetano Palmeri, is always walking around to ask if your dining experience is good and will even go over the daily specials personally. His family is very nice and you can't find a better personality than, Danny!The food is amazing! The Seafood/Pasta special (I always forget the name...) is my favorite. The Crab stuffed Salmon, Stuffed Lamb Chop and veal are awesome too. The have a great wine list and also host a monthly wine dinner pairing that is great. It's not Olive Garden or Carrabbas, so expect to pay a little more but it won't break you.
5	Absolutely the best Italian I've ever had. Prior to this place, my fav. was the Stinkin Roses in S.F. but Gaetano really raised the bar. I literally had a dream of the clam linguini I had couple nights after :) What a gem I found through Groupon. I definitely will be back, coupon or not!
5	This is our favorite restaurant period. The staff is friendly and more importantly the food is fantastic. If you are in a rush this is not the place to go. If you want really good authentic Italian food then this is the place.
2	Food was unique and excellent, but an air of arrogance left us disappointed.  Bearing a coupon for 1/2 off second meal means you must be segregated from others in your party...no exceptions.  Seems like a stupid, customer-insensitive rule that only takes up more tables.  In an otherwise vacant restaurant at 6pm, we were seated next to a noisy party group.  The waiter couldn't have cared less when we complained.  If management thinks they are so great, why do they resort to printing coupons?
5	Absolutely blown away by this place. I'm usually not interested in most specials at restaurants, but *every* *single* special I heard when I was there sounded mouth watering. I had a pappardelle pasta with sliced filet mignon, porcini mushrooms in a mushroom Marsala wine sauce and I thought I died and went to heaven. The decor & atmosphere is simply stunning. Service is fine dining level. The owners son waited on us and he's really a great dude. They make all their own pastas, stocks, and sauces in house. The slightly higher prices are TOTALLY worth it. A must go!!!
4	We ate our first meal there recently (four of us).  Everyone truly enjoyed the food.  If you're not too price sensitive, I would highly recommend this restaurant.  Even if you are price sensitive, I still recommend it, at least for special occasions.  Four pasta dishes, one salad, and a $30-something bottle of wine, tax and tip worked out to an average of ~$40 per person.  That's more than we normally want to spend on a meal, even a relatively good one, but the more I think about it the more I come to the conclusion that the quality of the whole experience was worth the price.  Even though we probably won't eat there often, I am sure we will eat there again.  Although our server didn't smile much his service was very professional, knowledgeable, efficient, and attentive.  The restaurant seemed to be on target with their reservations.  Everyone who came in seemed to be seated promptly although the restaurant remained pretty full.  The tables are well spaced and spacious.  Everything was clean.  Although it was busy, there were no significant distractions during our meal.  Although TVs showing sports could be seen in the bar, they are separated from the dining room by glass and therefore were not audibly disruptive to diners.  Gaetano's seems like it would be a good place to take a date.  I thought about details of Gaetano's compared with other Italian restaurants in the immediate neighborhood.  [Each of the other restaurants has negatives, including things like uncomfortable tables/chairs, sports on TV that can be seen and heard in the dining area, having to wait too long to be seated, tables being too close together, too much noise, etc., whereas Gaetano's had none of those problems.]  Gaetano's seems to have put a lot of effort into the whole experience, not just the food.Note:  For many people this probably would have been a 5-star review.  I give 4 stars (would be 4-1/2 if given that option) only because of my personal preference not to spend quite so much money.
2	Run-of-the-mill Italian with lots of fancy names thrown around but absolutely nothing special about the food AT ALL. And really, you're going to charge $2 PER shrimp to top off a painfully average $14.95 plate of pasta that maybe would have been a decent value at $8.95?? Get over yourselves. Service was friendly but slow. Waited almost 45 minutes for 3 meals which were ultimately a disappointment. Nice atmosphere, friendly enough staff, but hardly worth the exorbitant prices.
4	I'm not really into Italian food but this place is pretty authentic. We came here on a restaurant.com coupon for 25.00 and we heard so many good reviews about this place. We pretty much knew what we wanted to order based on other yelpers reviews. To start we ordered the Carpaccio which was topped with arugula and Parmesan cheese, drizzled with olive oil. The beef was cut paper thin and the peppery taste of the arugula along with the salty Parmesan was a perfect combination. The one thing that stood out for my was the olive oil which was very fragrant and can tell it was high quality. For our entrees we ordered the Ossobuco and the Ravioli stuffed with butternut squash. The Ossobuco was stewed in a red sauce which had deep flavors served over a saffron risotto. It was fork tender but the highlight of the dish was the bone marrow, it added so much richness to the dish. The Ravioli stuffed with butternut squash was my favorite. The pasta was cooked brilliantly because the filling to pasta ratio was perfect. I was served with a brown butter sauce with sage. Just the smell of the sage made this dish stand out. Overall this place was really good. It was pretty crowded on an early Friday evening so reservations are recommended. I would definitely come back and try their other pasta dishes and deserts.
4	I was a happy camper here!  Definitely a locals place!  I have a standing date night with my friend from elementary school on Tuesday nights so we are always contemplating new places to eat that are b/w where he lives and my house.  We stumbled upon this place based on a Groupon they had offered, it had good reviews, so we decided to try it.  People were up a the bar watching the Heat finals, which looked rather comfortable, and has been added to my places to watch games that don't involve gambling. I ordered a dirty martini on the rocks [very good] he ordered a cranberry and vodka that came out looking like pink lemonade b/c they pour heavy here!!! {A+}I got the Burrata salad which just makes me grin from ear to ear. My friend actually got the Gazpacho which shocked the shit out of me, as that was very daring for him, and he ate it all. I was allowed to have one tasty bite and that was it.  Bread basket arrived with all sorts of wholesome goodness in there-got to love carbs.  I ordered butternut squash ravioli and he got pork chop stuffed w/ Mortadella, cheese, pistachios, and raisins..It was pretty dang amazing. Mine was very good too. We left stuffed and happy.
5	This place is just amazing.     Had the special veal chop the owner recommended.  And ended the meal with Gartano's special cuppucino.  Which was not even coffee
5	I love the spumoni ice cream.  tiramisu is good too.ordered also the tortellini soup---it's okgoat cheese salad ---decentthe daily special salmon stuffed crab is really good.
3	While family was in town I took them here on a Sunday night. Not very crowded at all which I was happy about. This was definitely a fine dining/romantic type of place. The wait staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. Our server Zach was very friendly and definitely knew what he was talking about. I like that they bring out foccassia bread as well as regular Italian bread.The quality of the food is very very good, you can tell its homemade and not frozen/canned/premade, the portions are just super small which generally is the case with fine dining. I would return, but probably just on a date on with family. If I was going out with a friend I'd go to Brio for happy hour. Definitely worth trying, but don't expect Buca portions.
4	After three trips, we've never been disappointed by the food or the service. The owner often checks at the tables to ensure the customers are satisfied and his wife's touch is in the menu and often the specials.My only complaint concerns their business practice of including an 18% tip in your bill, even for a party of two. It's even worse when the check comes back for your signature, with another "tip" line and no total. It invites unintentional double tipping if you missed that it was included prior to getting the signature copy. On our last visit we met new friends and enjoyed some small talk through diner. When the checks came I suggested they check for the tip. They were appalled and would have double tipped by accident if I hadn't mentioned it. The waiters earn a good tip, so that isn't the problem. But I wonder if an "overtip" goes to the waiter? How many people would catch this? On a check of $150, tipping twice can be a substantial hit.  I usually see a sign when a restaurant includes the tip. On the menu and at the register it reads something like "A gratuity of 18% is included for parties of 5 or more."  I hope they reconsider this practice. I have complained, but it hasn't changed yet and keeps me from giving them 5 stars.
5	I have visited Gaetano's 2 times and both experiences were great! This family ran business is very friendly and the food is amazing! The knowledge each waiter has on the items available is outstanding! I love this atmosphere and I recommend going!
4	A great place to impress your date.  Listen for the specials before deciding, but ask the prices if your budget is tight. An appetizer can cost more than an entree.Amazing tast.   They have never disappointed us. Fork tender short ribs. Not inexpensive but you get what you pay for. A complete menu with a very knowledgeable wait staff. We'll be back.
2	My wife and I tried this place with a Groupon. We were the only two in the restaurant at 5:30. The menu in simple and limited, which is usually a good thing. I had the veal and my wife had butternut squash ravioli. My veal and pasta were good but I was overwhelmed with the amount of grease. My wife's really enjoyed her ravioli but the was nothing else on the plate.The service was pretty good. Almost too good. Every other sip of my drink, there was someone filling it up. We lost track of how many people were coming to our table. It was a bit much.The thing that upset me was the bill. We had a $40 Groupon and the bill was about $55. They added a group gratuity of almost ten dollars to the bill. I would have tipped way more than the $10 because that's what you do when you use a Groupon. When someone adds a tip because you use a coupon, that's their tip. Too bad for them.Overall a decent restaurant will decent service and food. This must not be a very popular restaurant if they are using Groupon and then telling money from their customers. I will not be returning to this establishment.Overall, an ok restaurant. Decent service and decent food. The price
4	We were surprised at reading some negative reviews and found out on our own that Gaetano's was very good and nothing like some reviews stated. Service was great and attentive but not overbearing.  We started with ice teas and appetizers of Brietta and figs stuffed with goat cheese.. Only 3 figs so we had to split the last one (otherwise a fight)  delicious.  Mr. had the spaghetti and meatballs, normally he would have never ordered spaghetti but the meatballs made up for it.. large and absolutely delicious.  I had mushroom ravioli, light and creamy and not overpowering. The dining room was busy for 530p on a Wednesday night but service was still there.  I presented the groupon and when they brought the bill explained 18% tip was included. Nothing was hidden.  So after the groupon and the tip we still owed another 42.00 which was worth it.  The hostess did come over to bring change back (which we declined) and also said another groupon was out as of today 9-12.. Went home and bought another groupon.  A real gem found in a strip mall.
2	I went the first week the restaurant opened, which was about 8 or 9 years ago...and did not go back until this week.  I saw it on Groupon, so thought it was a good  opportunity to try it again.First of all it is a beautiful room, and not very busy.In fairness the food was 5 star, it was these odd occurrences that took it down to a three for me, and a 0 for the friend who went with me.I ordered a roasted beet salad, when it arrived it was beautiful, but I grabbed the plate and it was filthy underneath.  I am always hesitant to send something back, but I just could not eat.  I know it is easy to have dirty plates in a restaurant, so I very gently explained to the server, I saw him take it to the manager.  A different server delivered a new one about half  of the size on a smaller plate.  Then the manager hurried by and said under his breath said "enjoy your salad".  Well I have seen enough exposes that that really creeped me out.  So although it was delicious I was uncomfortable eating it.Although the restaurant was very quite, the manager never said a word to us.  No apology, no reduction in price, no acknowledgement that something had gone wrong.  My friend did not eat her dinner and I asked if she did not like it, she said the whole thing left her with such a bad feeling she could not dine comfortably, and would never go back, hence her 0 star rating.I think I would have had a much better feeling about the whole experience if the manager would have at least come and apologized.
5	Delicious! I ordered the butternut squash ravioli with browned sage butter, and it was delicious. My boyfriend ordered one of the specials, which was also delicious. The service was excellent, the atmosphere was very nice too. The prices seem reasonable for the quality of food you receive. Also, there is a really yummy bread basket included with dinner! Try this place if you're looking for some delicious Italian pasta.
5	This could be my new favorite place to grab a drink and eat at the bar. There is something about eating at a bar that I really enjoy, and I loved the ambiance here. Had a groupon to use, my friend and I were dressed casual, when we arrived we felt slightly under dressed to sit in the dining area (I'm sure they wouldn't have mind but out of respect for the owners who were walking around) we decided to sit at the bar. It sat about 10-15 people, had two TV's, dark lighting with candle on the bar, a friendly bartender and a large wine list and specialty cocktail list. The bread basket was filled with soft, tasty bread and a side of oil AND vinegar (I appreciate it when balsamic is added to the olive oil). We ordered the prosciutto stuffed figs with arugula that went perfectly with my Sauvignon Blanc, it was delicious. The menu was extensive, filled with the usual Italian favorites, one in particular, cioppino, which I will come back to try. When the bill came, our bartender informed us that an 18% gratuity is automatically added to the bill PRIOR to the discount, which I don't think is a big deal like other people have complained about in other reviews, I'm sure it's to help prevent the cheap skates from not tipping properly. If you read your Groupon you would see prior to purchasing it, it states it plain and simple. Will definately return.
2	So not really Italian....and soooo overpriced and the atmosphere is almost non-existent....parking is horrible....using a voucher from Restaurant.com takes a bit of the bite of how not wonderful this place is.  The owner circulate among the guests but only talk to their croonies.I live in Henderson NV where this restaurant is.
5	Molto bueno!  I am always looking for a great Italian restaurant.  I have found some quality places in town, but they were not perfect.  I think that Gaetano's is the closest I have found to perfect in town.I lived in Italy when I was younger; thus, I am an Italian food snob where I turn down my nose at those chain places.  DH and I went last night.  Groupon offered a great deal, but they also have deals on their website.I have a glass of pinot grigio, the pear and pecan salad, and gnoochi con gorgonzola.  The rate of how good an Italian restaurant is whether they have gnoochi and how good it is.  While, admittedly, my gorgonzola sauce is better, it's the best I have had in Las Vegas.  Also, the gnoochi was perfect little dumplings from heaven.DH had the portabello mushrooms app and ravioli entree.  He enjoyed both, but said he would try a different pasta next time.  I had a tiny bit of his mushrooms and found them to be yummy.  I have to say that I completely ignored his main dish because I was too focused on my gnoochi.While I didn't finish my gnoochi (dinner tonight!), I had a cup of cappuccino before leaving.  The taste was perfect!  Fantastic memories of Italy were brought to mind when dinning at this fine establishment.  We will definiately be returning!Staff was friendly.  Kept DH's drink full, offered more bread, and generally checked on us regularly.  One note for groupon users: they automatically added 18% tip on bill, which was fine with me, but FYI.
5	place is awesome.. just tell them what you like and let them figure it out.. it works well.  If you're really picky.. just go to a strip casino buffet instead.
4	We have been to Gaetano's several times.  It's amazing, but pricey.  Look for a Groupon or Restaurant.com coupon to help defray the cost.  Zach was our favorite server too (like Sarah said), but he quit to go back to school.  Server this last time (who didn't give his name) was very knowledgeable, but not much personality.  The food is amazing though!  We had the baked artichoke appetizer.  My wife had the Fettuccine Alfredo, which was with homemade noodle and it was good.  The real winner was my homemade sausage ravioli, which was sublime.  Only the somewhat snooty service and high prices keep this place from 5 stars.
4	We were visiting friends in Las v\Vegas and they took us to their favorite restaurant - a place for special occasions. They were right!I was told the homemade meatballs, made with filet mignon and veal,  were the best - and they were! A special was the Branzino over a vegetable Rosotta - delicious! I just wish they had provided a larger portion!You don't have to overspend on as Vegas or limit yourself to the strip - find this place just out of town within 15 minutes - worth the effort!
5	My husband and I tried Gaetano's for the first time tonight. The food was amazing and the service was awesome! We will definitely go back!
4	Great little place (way) off the strip, I love italian food, and this place wasn't too bad. I came here with my girlfriend and split a carpaccio dish, veal with shiitake mushrooms, and a gnocchi dish with her. I don't eat veal a lot, but I was a little surprised at how it came out; the sauce and mushrooms were great, along with the steamed vegetables and mashed potatoes it came with, but for some reason the veal just wasn't what I was picturing in my head. Don't let that deter you though, that might just be how veal is, and I didn't know it. The gnocchi was excellent, very flavorful with the gorgonzola sauce, and it was hard to stop eating even though I was already stuffed. The waitstaff were excellent as well! Our personal waiter wasn't that friendly and seemed a little scatterbrained, but all the other people on the floor more than made up for it. I'm pretty sure some of the people that stopped to talk to us were either the owner or the manager. and the hostess was most helpful in calling a cab for us and then letting us know when it arrived.
2	Nothing special. My braised meat was dry and my husbands pasta was bland.
2	Atmosphere - 4 stars.  Food Quality - 3.5 stars.  Food Quantity - 3 stars.  Service - 2 stars.  Price - 2 stars.  Policy - 0 stars.We ordered the Vitellina alla Parmigiana (27.95) and the special of the day Ciappino (35.95)  The veal portion was small and there wasn't enough spaghetti to make up the difference.  It was good.  The ciappino was not like the ciappinos that I have had before.  This was more like a linguini with mixed seafood.  It was very good.My husband and I went there using a Groupon, and we found out that an 18% tip is added on to all groupon (and other coupons).  That made our $20 worth only $8.  I am usually a good tipper, however the service didn't warrant 18%.  When we confronted the owner, she told us her waiters do not want to work for nothing.  Maybe she should hire better waiters.  We will not return because of this - and no, it is not the money - it is a $2 difference between the tip I would have left and what I had to leave.
5	While in Las Vegas for business, a friend recommended this restaurant. Loved it! Food was great, service was first-class, and the atmosphere was very relaxing and quiet (a welcome diversion from the loud sights and sounds of Vegas). The waiter was informative about the menu and very helpful in making our choices amongst all the great-sounding meals. There are familiar dishes on the menu...and some very unique as well. I had a creamy pumpkin soup (with the spices just right), and fish cooked perfectly with a light, yet flavorful sauce. The wines were varied, and my very affordable Cabernet was rich and smooth. This is the type of restaurant, that if I lived nearby, I can see it becoming a regular!
4	I thought this place was great! It is a little pricey, but I bought a groupon, they are also on restaurant.com. I orded a salad and had the butternut squash ravioli. It was somewhat of a small portion, yet I was full with the salad and meal. The service was great and I will definitely be back
4	Gaetano's has a very pleasant and relaxing atmosphere.   The staff was very knowledgeable of menu items and provided good service.  I ordered the asparagus risotto special.  The risotto was delicious and well seasoned.  The restaurant could have stepped it up a little and put a garnish of grilled asparagus or something to make the dish visually appealing.   My husband had the rolled pork special.  The flavor was OK.  He gave me a bite of the pork.  You could hardly taste the pork as it was overwhelmed by the amount of bread stuffing inside.  The sauce should have been nappe and it was overly thick.  This was a little disappointing which is why we took away one star.  Overall though, it was a good experience and we would probably go back.The restaurant was a  little pricey for the quality of food served.
4	We were given a Groupon by a friend to check out Gaetano's. We never go to Henderson so it was nice to make a trip out that way. I love Italian food, obviously, so I was excited to try a new place. It was a pretty slow Sunday night and we were seated fairly quickly. Nice traditional italian menu and I would call it an "upscale casual" restaurant. I was impressed with the "Specials" they offered, however there were several options and they were all so detailed that by the time the server finished explaining them all I couldn't remember what most of them were. Would be nice to have them printed up somewhere on the table.On to the food:We ordered the burrata cheese salad which was one of the appetizer specials. It was a delicious little salad. Emphasis on "little". For the price it definitely was a bit small. We love burrata cheese so were excited to have some as it is difficult to find. There was one small piece on the salad and since we split it, it wasn't much. I believe it was around $11-12 dollars too which for an appetizer salad is pricey. Good, but pricey!I ordered linguini with red clam sauce as my entree, my absolute favorite dish to order at any Italian restaurant. It was very tasty and made just right. Quick note for one of the servers assistants... when a guest asks for parmesean cheese, they don't need you to tell them "oh, I wouldn't put it on that" .... just get me the cheese. Thanks :)All in all, good experience, nice servers and well maintained restaurant. Doubt I'll be back but that's only because it's pretty far from me and I can get good Italian close to home.
1	While the atmosphere was very nice at this restaurant, the food was really just fair at best and our overall experience here was extremely disappointing.  For an upscale Italian restaurant we expected much more. We got there at 6:30pm when there were just a few other parties there, however the service was still VERY slow.  We had a concert to attend at 8pm and thought we gave ourselves plenty of time, but after an hour there we were STILL waiting for our entrees we had ordered about 45 minutes before.  The salad we ordered before the meal was completely tasteless.  We asked for balsamic vinegar to drizzle on it to give it some semblance of flavor.  On top of that, my date does not like avocados but I do, so I asked for them on the side.  Our waiter said, "we can just put it on two plates for you".  Imagine my surprise when the bill came and our tasteless and small salad cost us $14.95!  He neglected to tell us that he was going to put a whopping $5 split charge on our $9.95 salad. It was a sneaky and deceptive charge that left a very poor taste in our mouth!  I understand that when you split an entree that a split charge is normal, but a small pre-dinner salad that was way overpriced to begin with? And then when it is split at your waiter's suggestion on top of that? And you also don't tell us about the split charge?  Just plain sneaky and dishonest, in my opinion.  My date also had their fettuccine alfredo, and while the homemade pasta was good, the sauce was very heavy and once again, fairly tasteless.  My chicken picatta was decent, but was just a notch or two above what you would expect to get at any garden variety Italian restaurant in the Olive Garden price range.  Once the bill came we were running late for our concert so I didn't have time to dispute the split charge, but due to our use of a $25 gift certificate, the waiter had put a whopping 20% auto-grat charge on the pre-discounted total, and once again neglected to tell he had done so (in what is in my opinion, a shameless and dishonest attempt to have people double tip).  I understand auto-grat with larger parties or with discounted meals, but 20%? And then you don't tell the customer? Needless to say, we will NEVER dine there again, and this review will hopefully prevent many others from sharing our very poor experience at this place!
2	Went on Xmas Eve with friends at the last minute. Called for a reservation and said ok I will take the reservation at 8, the hostess says to me "you gonna show up'? ??? Uh Yeah....Get there and of course I had to make a snarky comment that in fact we did show up. While the food was good didnt think it was the best Italian as others have said. When the waiter asked if I wanted parmesan cheese he didnt ask my friend so I asked if he would like some. The waiter then preceded to tell me that they dont put parm on that dish (clams and pasta) but he would and hope Gaetano wasnt looking. As a foodie I know that big name chefs dont put parm on fish but I didnt think we were at Spago or Mario Batalis. This is not an upscale place but I think it wants to be. It tries hard to be something its not.
5	One of the best Italian places in the Vegas Valley area (for me, it's right up there with Nora's and Casa di Amore). Most times I'm in here, Gaetano and/or his wife are walking around talking to diners, seating people, taking orders, or monitoring the kitchen activities. Most of the servers are their sons or other family members. The dining room is big; I almost never make a reservation, and even so I've been able to get right in with 1-3 other people on Friday & Saturday evenings without a wait. The food is always amazing, and unlike some other places where the "specials" are old food they're trying to get rid of, Gaetano's specials are things he's been able to get a hold of and offer in limited supply, or just something he felt like making on a whim that day. There are always around 10 specials daily, and the waiters are amazing in their ability to rattle off every one of them with every ingredient and preparation along with it. I've never been let down by their food or their service. It's definitely more expensive than the Olive Gardens of the world, but it's totally worth it, and I can usually get 2-3 meals out of any pasta dish I'd order there. They also offer deals on Restaurant.com that you can use once a month and help you to savor their deliciosity without making your wallet too sad.Some of the best things I've had here are their penne a la vodka (I'm a sucker for a good vodka sauce, and theirs is one of my favorites); a special that pops up every so often that's pappardelle pasta, filet mignon tips, and shiitake mushrooms in a marsala sauce; a caprese-type salad made with burrata instead of mozzarella cheese (frequently on the list of specials); and their eggplant parmesan. When they offer fish dishes, they're always very fresh (I haven't ordered one myself but my mom has gotten fish the couple of times she's come here with me, and of course I always snag at least one bite of everyone else's dish at the table... if you dine with me, prepare to share the love!). They have a good-sized wine list with both by-the-bottle and by-the-glass options. The bread you get in the beginning with olive oil & balsamic is so good I have to stop myself from eating too much & spoiling my dinner. I always leave here fat & happy.
2	I bought a Groupon to Gaetano's. My boyfriend and I went on a Saturday night around 7 and the restaurant was about half empty. First thing, service was slow. We had a reservation, and we were seated immediately, but we had been sitting awhile before our drink orders were taken. And then when they were, it took awhile for them to get to the table and for our waiter to come back to get our appetizer order.We got our appetizers fairly quickly. However, there were 35+ minutes between the time we finished our apps and received our main course. During this time I think a busser came over to refill our water, but otherwise didn't see our waiter. I had ordered the gnocchi, which was okay but on the bland side, and my boyfriend ordered the lasagna, which came out cold. My boyfriend had to work later that evening, and we thought we allowed ourselves plenty of time, but by the time the food came out, we were crunched for time, so we just quickly ate some of our food, boxed up the rest, and left. I wouldn't go back, especially paying full price.
5	Went back again on a week day. There were about 3 other parties besides mine there, so service was amazing! I tried their special for the day: seafood linguini. Holy MOLY!! It was SOOOO DELICIOUS! There were lobster, crab, clams, muscles, shrimp, calamari, scallops, oh my is right! The flavor was perfect: not too fishy despite having the whole Atlantic in my meal, the sauce wasn't too rich so I could keep eating without getting tired of it, and the meal itself was ginormous. I ate for about 30 minutes straight and didn't make a dent in it. My leftovers fed my boyfriend and I for 2 days!! MmmMMmm =P Plus, I was able to watch the basketball game that was playing in the bar section. What a perfect dinner!LOVE IT!
4	The food is very good, the atmosphere is warm and inviting, the staff are attentive, the owner is friendly and always visits the diners tables. We have really enjoyed our dining experiences here. The only criticism I have is that the prices are a bit high, even by Vegas standards.  $18 for gnocchi? The gnocchi are pretty good but I've had way better and for more reasonable prices.
4	My wife and I ate at Gaetano's last night.  The restaurant was fairly easy to find, located right on Eastern Ave., though you may miss it if looking, as there's another business that's in front of it (obscuring it from the street).  I liked the decor, it was simple but elegant.  It took our waiter a few minutes to stop by to review the nightly specials, but not excessive.  Our waiter was friendly and had helpful recommendations when prompted.  My wife ordered the rigatoni with a sausage meat-sauce, I ordered the chicken piccata.  My wife's dish could have used a tad more sauce, and I would have thought my dish would have come with a side of pasta of some kind.  While both our dishes were very tasty, portion sizes were smaller than I expected; perhaps Italian portion sizes are just smaller here in Vegas compared to what I'm used to (we're from Boston, where portion sizes are often too large).  I don't think the prices are unreasonable, but it would have been nice to get a bit more with our meal (even just a small side of pasta).This restaurant deserves a 3.5 out of 5, but since I can't give it a half-star, I'm going to round up because I like to support local business over chain restaurants.
3	Great food, not great service when you have a Groupon.
4	Gaetano's is one of the nicest restaurants that I have been to in Las Vegas so far! We went there to celebrate our anniversary and we were not disappointed! I had their Chicken Picatta and asked for a few alterations such as sauce on the side, less butter etc. and everything I asked for they gladly accommodated! Their menu is very extensive and authentic Italian cuisine. Our water glasses were never empty and the service was exquisite! Lovely table cloths on every table which made for a very nice ambience! It's no wonder that they won Best of Las Vegas 6 or 7 times!
1	Horrible service!!!1. The service was horrible. The whole time we were there the server only come to take our order and bring us the check.2. Food take forever. It take 50 min for two order of pasta.3. We bought the groupon thing. They automatically add gratuity to it without telling u when bill.4. Food are super expensive. Around $20 or more per dish, oh and for shrimp order is $2 per PIECE.5. The restaurant dint care about your business. Complain to them and the only word we got was "oh sorry" period.
5	I went here for my 3 year anniversary and we had exceptional service and wonderful food. The waiter took what seemed like 20 pictures for us and then gave us a free piece of cake to make us feel special. Best service I have had in years of being in Las Vegas.
4	This review is way overdue. I was there in November last year. I tried their special salad of the day with burrata cheese which was excellent with the citrus vinegar dressing. Their bread are the best !! So soft and chewy. For entree, I had the gnocchi which was perfectly made. Not to soft but chewy. Just the way I like it. However, the chicken marsala was so so. I can't wait to try this place again!
5	Always great service. Food very good. European portions. Pricey bit well worth it.
4	My boyfriend and I wanted "real" italian. Not out of the box dried pasta like Ventanos. Service was great. The owner was the first to greet us. Our server was kind and there  if we needed anything. There wasn't much of a crowd considering it was a tuesday and our food came fast. Low lighting and soft music. GREAT food!I'll be back!!!
4	So i decided to stop here for a late night meal with a friend after a workout anout 40 min before they closed. First look in i realized i wasnt dressed properly but a server sat us anyways after giving us the are u serious look wearing jean shorts and a fight hoodie in here... lol I liked our server Danny even though we could tell he wasnt excited to be getting a table this late but he gave us a great menu rap, accent and all. I appreciated his enthousiasm even if it was a little forced. We ordered a glass of wine and a beer and they dropped off bread service for us. Bread was a bit tasteless and not exciting. 3  different types but pretty plain. When our food came out i was happy with my spagetti and meatballs, (was craving carbs after workout) good flavor and just enough sauce for me. The spagetti noodles where done perfect as well. She ordered the bolangese and enjoyed it but likes more sauce with her pasta. Daniel came to check on us and she said she was fine but he could tell she wasnt really happy so he asked her whats up and she mentioned she likes more sauce in here pastas but it was no big deal. He told her to hold on a moment and he would take care of it and moments later they sent out a small dish of piping hot sauce. No attitude or problems, just answers. That impresses us both the most. He didnt sacrifice service because of how late it was or how we were dressed. We will definetly be back just based on service and how good our entree dishes were. Great all around experience.
4	Great upscale Italian restaurant.  Homemade rav's wonderful.  Server was excellent.  Everything is top notch. Highly recommend!
5	Totally awesome experience.  We really enjoyed ourselves and Gaetano came to the table and was very cordial!  He even gave us free calimari.  Every time we go to Vegas, we drive to Henderson just to eat there.NOTE:  HE flies his seafood in DAILY from Santa Monica Seafood.  YUM!PS - use the Restaurant.com Coupons for a great deal!
4	In looking for a place we hadn't eaten at yet for our roomie date, my roommate and I decided to try Gaetano's since it's in our neighborhood and italian sounded yummy. Upon walking into the restaurant, I immediately felt quite out of place as it turns out this was a "nice" restaurant, not one in which you show up in torn jeans, a tank top and flip flops.  Also, everyone eating was about twice our age.  The maitre'd however, didn't appear to mind and graciously sat us.  It's a very romantic atmosphere.  I liked the feel of the restaurant.  Upon inspecting the menu, we decided it was a bit more fancy than we had planned on, but we were already there and ready to eat, so we decided to just go with it.  The roomie ordered the Gorgonzola Gnocchi and I ordered the Mezzelune di Vitello con Porcini, which is homemade half moon pasta filled with veal, served with peas, prosciutto and porcini mushrooms in a light cream sauce.  We also ordered appetizers of fried artichoke hearts and because we checked in on Yelp, we got a free bruschetta appetizer.The apps were just okay.  The fried artichoke hearts tasted canned and though the aoli was good, the actual artichoke was tasteless.  The bruschetta didn't taste very fresh.  After we got our apps, we waited for what seemed like forever before our entrees came out, at least 30 minutes.  When they finally did, though, I was blown away by my dish.  The mezzelune was perfectly al dente and the veal stuffing inside was bursting with flavor.  Everything on that dish played its own part in creating this phenomenal harmony of flavors and textures.  I was very very very happy with it.  The only complaint is that there were a total of 8 half-moons on my plate.  The serving was tiny for $18.95!My roommate loved her gnocchi, but I tried a bite and thought it was just ok.  Also, the presentation of it was awful.  It looked like a bowl of white marshmellows in milk.  They could have probably used a bit of garnish to add some color.  If that had been my dish instead, this entire review would have probably received 2 stars, that's how good my Mezzelune was. We also ordered half a bottle of wine, which is a terrible value.  It's barely 2 glasses but it was $28.  We could have just each gotten a glass of wine for $9 and they fill it way higher.  The wine here is very expensive.All in all, it was fun, and because my entree was SOOO incredibly delicious, i was very happy and willing to overlook the plain apps and the long wait and the big tab at the end.
4	Food and service was great. A little pricey but good.
5	Far from the madding crowd...super food and service
5	Excellent Place for Itialian food!  Bravo!
3	Delicious and great service!Nicholas our server was very friendly and efficient. He seemed to be training at the time as a woman followed him around and it would have be nice if he had introduced her. I ordered the butternut squash ravioli which was absolutely delicious. I ate every bite and didn't feel too disgustingly full after it (about nine pieces..not a huge portion).  I enjoyed my meal and the service was good, but I can't say it's one of my new favorites. It's a little pricy for what it is, but with a groupon or a restaurant.com voucher, it's worth a try.
5	This was literally the best Italian food I've ever had!!! The homemade pasta was wonderful! You have to try the meatballs too! Overall, the experience was amazing
2	The food?  I have had better.I had the pasta fagiola - tasteless and the pasta was way overcooked and falling apart.My wife had the buffalo mozzarella... small portion, but not bad.We split the "special" ravioli... oh and by the way, when the owner rattled off the extensive list of specials, he never mentioned prices... it was stuffed with very little sausage and very little rapini in an overwhelming cream sauce and my half was left under a heat lamp for an extra 10+ minutes...$24.95 - $8 more than the other ravioli from the regular menuMy wife had a glass of house white... a decent pour, but when she order another, instead of a fresh glass, they brought a mini carafe and poured it into the 1st glass... poor form and shorter pour.No dessert, no coffeeI wonder if when they brought the bill they put a 7up on there because I wasn't drinking?  Maybe just a mistake.I do feel that the $80+ was outrageous for what we got
4	This place is a diamond in the rough of Vegas restaurants.  I had a groupon that brought me into Gaetano's and it reminded me of being in an Italian restaurant in Boston or New York city.  The wine list was fantastic and they had an extensive traditional Italian menu with lots of seafood, veal, and pastas.  We ordered the special Bresola and the Veal Ossobucco, as well as a cold appetizer platter with various italian meats and pickled vegetables.  The food was good and definitely classic Italian.  The owner came over 3 or 4 times to ask how everything was to ensure we had a great service experience.I will definitely be returning to Gaetano's.
5	excellent food and excellent service
2	The food was average and the dinning room was really loud. Service started out good but ended terrible. It took 15 mins from the time they took our dinner plates to receiving the dessert menu.  It looks like they have 3 waiters and 4 servers/bus boys. The communication between both is where I think we fell through the crack.I used a groupon and they automatic add a tip. I would have left only 3% if I had a choice.Tips = To Insure Proper Service
5	The food was just so good! Usually I can resist the bread, but their bread was so fresh and chewy that I had to have some! The cioppino was amazing, with Maine lobster, and a generous amount of mussels and clams. They had a good gluten-free pasta for my husband as well, so he got to have pasta too. We will definitely be returning!
4	I've been here twice now and it is phenomenal. I'm so in love with pasta, and I would way way way rather eat a $20 plate of homemade pasta from a locally owned business than eat a $15 plate of Olive Garden pasta with bottom of the barrel ingredients, crapola service, and a host of corporate BS. The first time I went was spring Restaurant Week. I have to say that I wasn't overtly impressed with the meal for the price, but I did enjoy it enough to buy the Groupon and try it again. Last night I had the fig appetizer--goat cheese, balsamic, wrapped in proscuitto ($14 for 3, noooot worth it but still good) and the butternut squash ravioli. That dish is absolutely superb. The portion size is perfect. My mom had a marsala special which was also absolutely incredible....we cleaned our plates and then some. Dessert was the tiramisu, which I didn't really have room for and didn't need, but I still enjoyed the dessert like I do. I would definitely come here again or recommend it to someone who wanted good, high-quality Italian food and didn't want to venture to the Strip for similar quality at twice the price.
5	Twice. Twice I've been lured in by the amazing food, impeccable service and lovely atmosphere of Gaetano's. This little gem is located off Eastern between 5 Guys and Buffalo Wild Wings. Nick has been our server both times and he's very knowledgable about the food, wine, and culture of Italy - because he's been there. Look, the food is amazing, the wine list complete and affordable, and it's family owned which satisfies this girl's need to support the independent business. Get to Gaetano's!! Why are you still reading this review? GO!
5	Food was super delicious!  Our waiter Zack was awesome.  He gave great suggestions on the stuffed figs wrapped in prochutt.  We finished our meal with Gaetanos special espresso which was the perfect ending.  Will definitely come back.
4	Probably one of the best meals I have had in Vegas. Love this place, and that I can always find a Groupon for it. Great service, great food. I only wish that the special that I had the first time was there would be made part of the regular menu. I'm always ready to go back, can't wait for the next time!
5	Went back (again) and wow! So love this place every time! One of the specials for the night was pear and gorgonzola ravioli with brown butter and sage. Soooo good. The server told me that they post their specials on their website everyday, so yay! I can check ahead of time for when my favorite specials are being served.
1	Wow, this place is the must overprice place in Henderson that I been to. Food is horrible service very poor. Everything on the menu is priced double of what I seen someplace else but a least some place else will taste better. You're a paying for the look of this place not for the food taste.Chicken parmesans was under cook that my wife vomited before we left the restaurant.I don't mind paying for good quality food but this is worst for money I ever spend. I'll soon post the pictures of the horrible food we got for our money. Well, I'll like to close by saying this is the experience of the six people in my party who will also never return to this place and my opinion. Maybe I just came on the wrong day but unfortunately I'll only be taken as a fool once.
1	Food is decent. But the hostess is simply awful. She is rude and mean and surprisingly makes the whole experience negative. We will not be returning because of her.
5	We dine at Gaetano's often and every visitor we have, we take to Gaetano's. The service and the food is the best we have ever had. We lived in Chicago and we have ate at all of the best spots in the city of Chicago and the suburbs, and Gaetano's is now our favorite spot to dine!
5	Great restaurant with a nice ambiance, excellent food and stellar service.  It was even better that we had a groupon but it would have still been worth it without it!
5	Delicious beyond words. The fetticine  and braised short ribs melted in my mouth. The owners and family that work here came by the table to say hello. Good old fashioned courtesy that goes far in this impersonal world. I just love the Italians. They turned a mostly vegetarian into a carnivore tonight.   Yummmmmy!!
5	If what your seeking is a true Italian dish, thoughtfully made (they start rolling out the dough in the morning) and an atmosphere that is both beautiful and lovingly personal (it's family owned)  Be sure to give this restaurant a try, but be warned, you will not want to eat anywhere else after experiencing this hidden gem. We started out with a free brushette for checking in, which was followed by the arugula salad with goat cheese, pecans, apple and light dressing.  The amount of dressing was light and perfect.  The meal I ordered was the butternut squash stuffed homemade ravioli and it was amazing.  For dessert I enjoyed was the homemade chocolate cake and their signature cappuccino cocktail.  This is truly the best Italian food in town.
1	Very disappointing.  Our waiter, a very nice guy, failed to tell us all of the specials for the night.   After ordering, we overhead the waiter at the next table advising of the specials which included 3 dishes that we were not advised of.   Both my wife and I would have ordered one of the specials not mentioned if we had heard about them.  When our food was delivered, my wife's order was incorrect.   Once it was brought out correctly, the owner says to her you didn't ask for gluten free pasta.   Her response was Yes, I did, it was clearly stated to the waiter.  The waiter even went into to confirm with the chef and then repeated the order back to her correctly.   I then told the owner about not hearing about 3 of the specials and he storms back into the kitchen to yell at someone.   However, he never came back to apologize to us, offer to fix our meal or offer an alternative meal.  Obviously, there is a management problem with this place.   The food was just OK, nothing special.   We will not be going back, nor will we recommend this place to any of our friends.   Its unfortunate when a place has an opportunity to impress you with the service recovery and a few simple words but they don't know how.
5	This spot is a must stop for anyone looking for delectable dishes in the Vegas area that are off the strip. They have previously won the best of Vegas award and continue to achieve that same standard.
5	FANTASTICO!!awesome fresh warm bread, flavorful calimari! I had the chicken ravioli with pesto sauce and my only complaint is that I wanted more I never wanted it to end! Oh and their terimisu wow dont even get me started I dont think I opened my eyes the whole time i was eating it from how beautifuly orgasmic it was...the atmosphere was great, family vibe and super authentic italian staff, definitely going back no doubt :D
2	Over priced and overrated. While I admit the butternut squash ravioli was enjoyable, the calamari was flavorless rubber and the tiramisu was lackluster at best. Randall and Andrew are wonderful servers, but I found Gaetano himself to be incredibly off-putting. I've also heard tell that he has a tendency to treat his employees with disrespect, and as a former service industry employee myself, I take serious issue with that. Overall, not an establishment I care to patronize again.
1	WARNING: do not use Groupon here. They automatically put the gratuity on the bill. They will overcharge on the wine. Their house wine was $1.50 per glass more than the wines in their wine menu. Portions are extremely small and grossly over priced. The fettuccine had no flavor, it was greasy and the noodles were glued together. Had to season it with red peppers, salt and pepper. I was ready to ask for ketchup to give it flavor. If you are looking for a good Italian restaurant DO NOT GO HERE. I hate to say it, but you'd get a much better meal at the Olive Garden at much better price.
1	I have heard nothing but good things about this restaurant. So when my GF saw a Groupon for it, we decided to try it out. First impressions. The woman who greeted us at the door was the owner's wife. We arrived 30 minutes early. She sat us but overall, I wouldn't describe her as warm or welcoming.  Maybe she was having a bad night, who knows. But leave your negativity at the back door.  It's a very nice looking restaurant. Warm colors, romantic lighting, but there is somewhat of a sterile feeling.The server Zack was great. He was very accommodating to my GF's dietary restrictions and was very friendly. All of the other service staff including the owner' son were also friendly and service was very smooth. The food: the bread that comes out I delicious, dangerously delicious. There is a pizza type of bread that has marinara and cheese. The texture was light as air. The other bread was equally as good. There is a Yelp check in offer for a complementary Bruschetta. The flavors were great but the tomato mixture was ice cold.I ordered the Brodetto. The flavors were also very good but Brodetto means broth and the sauce was more of a marinara sauce thickness not a broth by any means.I had the Ossobuco Milanese. It was very delicious. The saffron risotto was perfectly cooked and a perfect compliment for the Ossobuco.They have gluten free pasta, which is great for people who eat gluten free like my significant other. They served it with a mushroom cream sauce which she enjoyed.During our dining experience, we noticed the owner Gaetano walking around talking to all of the regulars. When he did stop by our table, it seemed like it was almost forced. He barely looked us in the eyes. Not exactly the warm welcome we expected for patronizing his restaurant. In the end, we asked for our check, when the owner's wife presented the check she told us gratuity was included. Not only that, but the gratuity was added on the after tax total, not the before tax subtotal. This is just tacky. Not something you should do to locals trying out your restaurant for the first time. Yes it says they add gratuity on the Groupon but, Groupon  also says to make sure you tip off the non-discounted total.  Since Zack and the staff were so great, I added more to make it an even 20%, which is what he deserved. I think a party of 2 shouldn't have their gratuity added. This left a very bitter feeling towards this restaurant. Just writing about their auto gratuity policy is getting me mad. It seems this restaurant has all the right makings of something great. Its nice looking, has good food, friendly staff.  But the owner's attitudes and policies ultimately leave the final impression of this place something to be desired.As a local restaurant, you should try to make sure your customers come back and feel welcomed.WE won't be back and won't recommend this place to anyoneP.S. Please look at the 29 reviews not recommended at the bottom of their page. They are an eye opening look into how the owners treat their patrons. I don't know why Yelp doesn't recommend them but please read them!
2	I finally made my way back to this place again few months ago because I wanted to have their gnocchi and bread again. It was a huge disappointment. The bread was nothing like the first time I had which was soft and fluffy, instead this time was cold and nothing out of ordinary. Even more disappointing, the gnocchi was overcooked and too soft compared to before and the flavor was just okay. When manager came by and got the check , she asked us about our dinner. I told her honestly that I didn't like it as much as I did before. She just told me it's the same chef all along. Oh well, will not be returning.
5	Over years (more than two decades now), during my visits to Vegas, I've tried to find the best Italian food.  It seemed like it was what Vegas did best.  Long before Yelp, Zagat's (when they only had books) put me onto Gaetano's, but it took me a long time to get out here.  After finally making it to Gaetano's, I haven't tried another Italian place -- and I've returned to Gaetano's on every visit to Vegas.  Every meal has been outstanding.  I've even stopped visits to Nora's (I'm going to have to change that, Nora's is excellent too, though different.  Gaetano's is more "fine dining".  Nora's is a bit more casual -- though the difference may not be all that big to some).I opt for traditional entrees.  I've had fish, venison, and the best duck breast I've ever had (it's easy to overcook the the duck).  Friends like the pastas.  The butternut squash ravioli have converted me.  Recently, my entree had sweet potato ravioli that was even better.We love to get the spaghetti and meatballs for an appetizer.  They're not on the menu, but they're always available.  Meatballs made with fillet covered in a rich sauce.  My New York friends who I had to beg to try Gaetano's ("we get great Italian at home, there's nothing youse guys can do out here as good as back in Brooklyn") say it's some of the best they've had.Service is impeccable.  We miss the departure of Danny who always took great care of us, but every other server is just as good.The prices are not out of alignment with the Strip or where I live (Northern California).  I can see how those who like the Olive Garden might find Gaetano's pricy.  For those who like Olive Garden and are looking for a bargain, let me suggest Battista's Hole in the Wall down on Flamingo.  I think you'll find it much more agreeable than Gaetano's.
4	I have been in search of 3 things in this town. 1. Good Service 2. Better tasting food then my friends or I can cook at home. 3. And a final bill that is in line with the entire experience.After eating at Gaetano's on Monday I can say I'm getting very close. ServiceOnce we arrived we were greeted and sat at a great table in a very nice dinning room area. Our servers name was Zach. He was very knowledgable about all the food and timed his stops at our table perfectly. The FoodWe originally selected Gaetano's because of an email that advertised veal. However, once we asked about it we were told they ran out of it days before. (This along with the fact that they didn't honor our Yelp checkin special coupon because we already had an open table discount, was the only reason they didn't receive 5 stars). After learning they were out of the veal we selected the Sea Bass and the Calamari. Once they arrived we couldn't stopped eating them. The taste of both dishes was hands down better then I could ever cook myself! So I can't wait to go back!The BillWe got bread, an app, 2 main dishes, desert, a bottle of wine, and a cappuccino for just over $100! The food was amazing. The service was fantastic. And the whole experience was right in line with the bill. Oh and just so everyone knows we were not forced to pay a gratuity. We will be back!
2	I dont care if your Italian, American, Mexican, etc  or rich, poor or middle class  if you own a restaurant you should be humble and gracious!  We went in around 9:30 NYE after working all day.  I'm assuming the large older man with a thick Italian accent at the front desk was MR Gaetano?  He wasnt any of the things I would expect from an owner.  That was the start of our experience.  The menu was set since it was NYE as many places do, so that wasnt an isssue.  We waited quite awhile to even be greeted by our server and by this time it was close to 10 so they weren't THAT busy.  We ordered wine, 2 meals, and Calamari for an App and cheescake for dessert.  Not one thing was impressive.  I was expecting to be wowed.  The bill was $139 before tip.  I hate to sound so negative but thats the experience I had.  Sad too because we like to eat at non chain restaurants.  Hopefully it was just a long day since it was New Years Eve and everyone was tired and ready to go home.
4	My girlfriend and I got the groupon deal and love to try new places. The food was good, but I can't say it's the best Italian food I ever had. Our server did a excellent job the night that we went. I can only give 4 stars because the lady at the front was on her tablet and didn't know we had been standing there. She did apologize however just not a good first impression. I will most likely give them another try.
5	Went with a group of 5 and it was one of the most memorable meals ever.  The food was fantastic, but it was exceeded by the warmth and attentiveness of the owner and staff.   The ravioli sampler appetizer was great.  The veal scallopini was terrific.  But those who ordered the pappardelle with sirloin tips special hit the jackpot.  Their take on cioppino included half a lobster!  Everyone was happy with the food.  Very nice decor, not immediately apparent from the strip mall exterior.  Nice wine list.  Expensive.   But a truly exceptional meal.
3	We came here with our friends from Texas who live here part time. The restaurant is nice looking,The service was excellent. I ordered the Rolatine Di Melanzane alla Siciliana, grilled eggplant stuffed with capellini. Bor-ing! What was I thinking???? I don't even like angel hair pasta and I am a self proclaimed pasta aficionado, my family was in the import business in San Francisco of Italian specialty foods, meats, cheeses, pastas, olive oils etc. back in the day...and we owned Florence Ravioli & Delicatessan in North Beach so yes, I am a total snob when it comes to Italian food, so with that said, the restaurant was pretty ok, my friends were full and happy, if I do ever come back, I'll order the ravioli, and see how that's done.
5	Had fettuccini Alfredo with chicken, special salad of the day, bruschetta, and my wife had the salmon special stuffed with crab.The bruschetta was not too crisp and the topping was cold. The pasta in my dish was clearly homemade and was delicious.Overall the atmosphere, service, and food are excellent.I strongly recommend this place!
5	First time dining there. Great staff (Hostess even checked on us 3+ times). Nice atmosphere. Server Nick was spot on. Had Brodetto & Calamari apps, Veal OssoBuco Main, Tiramisu dessert. WIll go back.
4	We didn't have a reservation and they were more than happy to take us in. Hosts were nice and refilled my water without having me to ask even once.I did not notice any girl hostesses or servers that night? Maybe they were off or something.Food: Servers were very friendly in recommending something to eat from the menu. We had portabella mushroom as an appetizer and I had fish to eat for dinner. it was really good.Prices were on the upside. This place is great for date night and small social gatherings. I would come back here.
4	Went there to meet a friend.  Didn't think I'd make a friend in Gaetano.  Reminds me of my father; but with cooking skills.Best food off of the strip!
3	Several people said we should try this place. It is ok, the owners are walking around and pleasant.  We found the pasta overcooked and similar to a chain restaurant.  It is pretty and seems to be well kept.  It is hard to put my finger on why this place was just ok.  Maybe it is that no one working there seemed to have much personality.
3	This is more of a 3.5 star. Nice decor and ambiance. Paintings on the walls, bottles of wine lining one wall, and a candle at each table. I made a dinner reservation and the host was pretty efficient and we were seated quickly. Our server was a bit slow. We waited about 7-10 minutes before anyone came to bring us menus or water. I've never really had that happen before and didn't know who our server was at the time as no one came to our table to greet us. I noticed throughout our dinner that service should be good for the most part, depending on who your server is. Food: Lamp chops- Delicious. I thought this was a nicely executed dish. Flavors were there and the lamb was done just right. I often encounter lamb overcooked so it became tough. This one was cooked properly and was still tender. Thin slices of veal topped with grilled eggplant- I tried a bite or two of this but personally didn't find it very memorable. It was just okay.Linguine pasta with clams in a red sauce- Tried a few bites. Another decent dish but not overly memorable. The clams were pretty good. Tiramisu- Pretty good. I do love tiramisu and this one didn't disappoint. Favorite dessert of the 3. Creme brulee- Not bad. Not overly eggy. I wasn't blown away but I also wasn't disappointed. Cheesecake- Not bad either. Again, not blown away but also not disappointment. Overall, I think it was a nice dinner. I think our server was a bit too slow considering the place was half full. I can't imagine what it would be like if it were a full house. Service did pick up a bit when other servers came to offer bread and fill up water. It has potential to be much better. Would I come here again? Maybe. Food is pretty good. Service has potential to be good with the right server.
5	Wonderful!!!!  Great service, great food, great atmosphere!  If you want it all, please stop by this restaurant!  Our server was awesome!  They treated us very well and the owners came by often to see how we are doing.  Love this place!
1	My husband and I thought we would try a new restaurant. This place was a huge let down! Owners walk around patrolling the waiters and stopping at only select tables. Food was meh. Caesar salad tasted like bagged salad. Pasta was over cooked and tastes like boxed pasta. Funny the only time the lady owner came to our table was to collect the check. I overheard her telling one of the waiters not to give anything extra only what's on the table. I assumed she was talking about us since we asked for extra bread and oil. She is very rude. The food is way overpriced and taste more like Olive Garden. Menu is boring. I see why only a few tables were filled on a Friday night. Save your money! Way better options in Henderson!
5	Had one of the best meals. Started with soft shell crabs over crispy potatoe sticks, buratta over arugula, then moved on to main course. 4 of us shared salmon stuffed with dungess crab, ahi tuna over arugula, and a special, cioppiono, there was nothing left to take home, then finished meal with Gaetano special coffe. Which has no coffee at all, but bittersweet chocolate and several liquors, followed by tiramisu and cannoli. We all rolled out of there totally satisfied. Our waiter Kevin treated us like we were his favorite customers. All in all, a great dining experience. We had a living social coupon, but we're treated like we paid full price. This is now our favorite restaurant. Can't wait to return
5	In search of a new / different Italian restaurant in the Las Vegas area, I stumbled upon Gaetano's via Groupon and decided to give it a try, as it was my honey's birthday.We were both pleasantly pleased!  The service was fantastic, the food was fantastic and the prices were right where they should be... fairly priced for the quality and service.We will definitely be back!
4	A little pricey for the serving size, that said.. The most amazing gnocchi I have ever had!!!! And I choose gnocchi every time I can and this is by far the best I have ever had. Be ready to spend $30Per person or more but def. try it!
5	Great service. Great food. Did I say great service? Also, most amazing chocolate mousse cake.
5	Angel was our server. He was extraordinary in his knowledge and hospitality skills.  We used a restaurant.com voucher with no hassles.  Everything was perfect.
4	Our 2nd time here! And I liked my food selection better this time. We were with another couple who were first timers and had a Groupon offer.     Started with   which was good, not great the bread was to chrunchy as when bitten into the bread fell apart~       All our entrees were very good, salmon pieces in pasta with a vodka sauce, 2 orders of  spaghetti & meatballs and rigatoni w/ meat sauce. The first 3 were specials~ the dessert menu is meza meza~predicable Italian options of which none were ordered.    Our server was attentive & DEFINATLY knew the menu!     A very nice dinner out at good prices. Would go back again & again
5	My friend/ex-roomie and I love this spot for our QT dates. We've always had a great experience but this last one was the best by far. We had a restaurant.com certificate, so our bill for a bottle of wine, an appetizer and two entrees came to $40 each (including tip). That's a great deal for amazing food and fine dining service. We got the eggplant app this time, and it was so good. It's like a cheesy crunchy layered veggie lasagna with light tomato sauce. We devoured it. I couldn't decide between the mezzalune or the special italian sausage and shitake mushroom ravioli so the server offered to have the kitchen make me a half order of each. I was amazed by this generous offer!  And when I got my food, I was so happy as each dish was so delicious. I ate my entire plate.  My roomie got the fettucini alfredo and she too finished her entire plate.  This is just one of my fave restaurants when I want to splurge on calories. If you have a Groupon or restaurant.com, it's a steal for the quality of food and service you get.
1	well, well ,well...where do I begin?As soon as you walk in the door you are greeted by an old lady who gives off an air of judgement and indifference. She acts more like a gatekeeper than an ambassador!She really set the tone for the evening and unfortunately it wasn't good.It was also my birthday and I really felt slighted by her and the staff in general.The restaurant is beautiful. It is a shame that at 7pm in the evening the place was empty. I would assume it has a lot to do with the fact that they are very expensive and the portions are so disappointing. I mean wow...unless you buy a Groupon discount and really pace yourself, you can't help but feel ripped off! WE HAD TO BEG FOR A BASKET OF BREAD! That's right...after sitting for over 30 minutes we were still not provided any and we had to get up to find the busboy to get us some.The staff is not terrible but are slow and I guess take their lead from the old lady who insists that everyone be miserable.The food is blah,Rigatoni Bolognese was so hot temperature-wise you couldn't taste it.The Gnochetti Sardi was half a plate of blandness but the little sausage you got was good.The Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken was so disappointing.The Cioppino fish stew over pasta for almost $50 was more like hospital food...so bland and the seafood ingredients were just not there.All in all....I suggest you go elsewhere for Italian.We are regulars at Don Vito's in the South Point, we also go to Casa Di Amore where the bill never is less than $275 but the staff is awesome and the food is filling.To close...I never go to a restaurant and not get at least one bottle wine but this place will force you to alter your dining habits. I'll pay more for good service and a sense of value for the experience but I still had a $250 check at Gaetano's and we cut back due to the overall negative time and experience.But hey...you be the judge!
1	i totally agree with some reviewers here about the "unkindness" of the hostess (which i found out is the owner's wife!!). me and my wife got there with our groupon and the lady was actually knitting!!! like really??? who in the world would be knitting in a restaurant???that tells you already a lot about the professionals running this place.... she was totally rude and seated us where we did not want to(in an almost empty restaurant!!) claiming they had resarvations later on(such a liar since we watched the table we wanted to seat at it was empty for the whole dinner time til we left!!). the server named nick,went really fast over a couple of specials,and we made our picks on the regular menu(i got some gnocchi with gorgonzola and my wife got eggplant rollatine),my gnocchi were disgusting,my wife's food was ok,but when i was listening to our server going to other tables they had plenty of specials that night!!! so it seems the only care about local people that go there or anyway whoever does not have a groupon!! i lately found out anyway that guy was the owner's son!! concluding the very bad night ever the owner passed by totally ignoring us,he actually picked up his cellphone while he was passing close to out table,talking very loud not even caring he is in a restaurant. it seems like this restaurant is ruined by a bunch of countryside hillbillies with no mannerism,no knowledge about food or service!!!! we will never come back here, DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE,TERRIBLE!!!!
5	If you are looking for great authentic Italian food.This is the placeEvery meal has been fantastic.Reasonable pricedGreat serviceVery clean.
4	Food was amazing. Portion sizes were perfect for the price. Not a place for children.
4	Went there for my first time yesterday via GROUPON. It's a cute restaurant, nice for a romantic dinner. But I was slightly turned off by people wearing shorts and a UNLV t-shirt during dinner. Food: To start, we had the fig wrapped in proscuitto with goat cheese sprinkled on top ($10.99?). The flavors were on the spot - the saltiness of the proscuitto with the sweetness of the fig and the creaminess of the goat cheese. Wow. For the main course, we had the salmon and the Capellini alla Checca ($14.95) to share. It was a very good combination. Salmon was cooked well, but slightly a little too salty for my taste.I paired my dinner with a glass of the Sangiovese, Santa Cristina (Toscana, Italy) which was $9.50. "A medium-bodied Italian red with raspberry flavors ,a soft textureand a light fruity finish." I was pleasantly surprised by the wine.I would definitely go back again. Dinner ended up costing about $75 in total, and with the $40 groupon, I only paid $44 with 18% gratuity included.
3	Way too expensive for the quality & quantity of food you get. I had purchased a groupon & we went last Friday. The place was not very busy which was surprising for a Friday night but according to some of the other yelp reviews, not unusual. We ordered the calamari & fried artichokes for our appetizers. The calamari was $13 & the portion was tiny. The fried artichokes were either canned or jarred artichokes which I could not believe. At a restaurant like that, it's completely ridiculous to use any kind of canned ingredients. My husband got the veal with mushrooms & I got one of their specials, Chilean Sea Bass. My husbands veal was nothing special & the sauce had a weird texture to it. My sea bass was good but the accompanying side of orzo with different veggies in some type of sauce was very boring & unimaginative. Very forgettable meal & we won't be going back. I can think of at least 3 other Italian restaurants that blow this place out of the water.
4	I really enjoyed this restaurant. The service was great, and the woman serving us was beyond friendly and helpful. Their garlic bites are amazing, and they have a pretty extensive menu. The dish I ordered was great, and you get quite a bit for your money, with the main dishes at least. Also got a canoli to take home, and it was delicious as well. Definitely recommend it.
2	Pretty good service, friendly staff, not all that comfortable and the sauce is very acidic and a weird texture to it.  Just not what I thought it would be, tried it a second time and decided it was not for me.
1	The owners of this establishment are the strangest, most bizarre I've ever seen they watch you from a distance and they yelled at my date telling her that she did not know how to eat her food properly because she asked for crushed red pepper. I would eat there much more if they weren't so rude. Also, another experience I had there when a friend had a Groupon you could tell the lady owner was not happy and we even presented the coupon before we ordered, as if that should make any difference on how they prepare it.I've never felt a more bizarre dynamic in a food establishment in my life.
2	When you first walk into the restaurant, you're not even welcomed. You're stared at and then the guy asks if he can help you. We were there for a birthday dinner and we were still waiting for a few guests to show up. We asked to have some bread and the waiter rudely says that we need to order dinner before we get any bread. I've never heard of that before! Why would we be there for a birthday reservation and not order dinner?! So then the waiter says that he'll be back when the rest of our party shows up. When the last person got there he came and rambled off the specials very fast and we barely saw him the rest of the night. The other reviews are true when they say the owners seem to stand in the corner and stare at you. The food was ok, nothing special. It took FOREVER to come. Then we waited forever to get our check. The waiter never offered us drinks. We were only served water. Maybe if we had gotten some bread early on we would have ordered wine to go with it. Maybe this place should treat all their new guests as well as they seemed to cater to their regulars. Definitely not going back.
1	It is way too expensive and they are not very generous when it comes to customer service.  I won't go back...
2	The food was good but the hostess who I believe is one of the owners was rude. We had our two kids and she gave them each a twisty toy but when we asked if they had kids menu she said "no this is a fine dining restaurant," in a smug way. It's not fine dining if you have to tell people it's fine dining. We actually dine out at fine restaurants often and they cater to children just fine. She was condescending in implying that a fine dining restaurant wouldn't offer a kids menu. I hardly ever write reviews but i thought she was rude and it would have been fine if she had just said they didnt have a kids menu but to imply that such a nice restaurant would never offer such a thing was just plain rude, especially when she doesn't know what she's talking about. The waiter took a long time to come take our order. I finished my plate and they didn't pre-bus the table and take my plate away. We will not return.
5	Beyond amazing !!!!!!!! A must try over and over again
5	Great beautiful low lit romantic atmosphere!  Great staff.  The owner is still wandering around every night, Im not sure that is necessary, however the food is always excellent and the prices are great as well.  Happy hour at the bar is nice as well
5	This place is amazing!!!   Family-owned and you meet almost the whole family.   The food is divine, the wine....so fine!   Couldn't recommend a better Italian spot in LV!
1	I am adding my comments to tag with JANET N'S comment on 12/21/14, I was  the person who brought the Groupon. Had the Waiter taken our coupons when we offered them to him at the beginning of service, we all could have avoided the embarrassment and humiliation we endured.  The so called Mrs. Manager /Hostess was rude, and both Mgr. and Waiter continued to act inappropriately by returning to our table to voice their opinions to us. In addition, the Waiter placed an 18% service charge (mind you we are only a party of 4) on our check, assuming that he deserved it. Two more negatives: 1). The 7 up we ordered, was never replaced as the BAR ran out of 7 up-it was 5 pm when the restaurant opened that they ran out of soda?  2). The restaurant did not serve fresh grated Parmesan cheese. That was shocking considering the price point and the theme of the restaurant indicating Italian food served.  Not a great Christmas Dinner experience!
1	They HATE coupons here ... had a restaurant.com coupon and drove 30 minutes on Christmas Eve just to try this place and on the door of their restaurant they had a "no coupons tonight" sign posted.Sure would have been nice to know before wasting an hour of my time to drive there. Their prices are outrageous for the portions, too. Don't waste your time - go somewhere else that VALUES its customers.
