4	Wow. What a bar. This space seemed to be down on its luck with all previous business incarnations. A giant Japanese restaurant, and then bar after bar that just couldn't take off. But then Innis & Gunn moved in for the summer, bringing their delicious locally brewed beers, awesome style and it's quite the comfy, and inviting, place to spend an hour or 5 on a summer's afternoon.I have to confess - beer isn't my drink of choice. I do like Innis & Gunn, for sure, but I can really only take one beer at a time before I move onto whisky / red wine / long vodkas. Yet, regardless, I'd still spend a few hours here relaxing on the comfy couches, chatting to the friendly staff, perusing and tasting the yummy bar food (burgers, nachos, the usual).The bar is really big, could easily accomodate 150 folk I'd say. It's definitely a great place to lounge in the afternoon. All the big windows make it nice and bright and airy. And despite that it is an Innis & Gunn bar, with all their beer, they also have a shed-load of whiskies and other awesome spirits. Yes please.I'm curious to know whether they'll stay longer than the summer. This new bar has really enlivened this slightly empty end of Potterrow, sandwiched right in between Bristo Square and then the livelier end with The Peartree and 56 North.I'm hoping they stick around for a while longer...
4	I remember this block of buildings going up while I was studying at nearby George Sq, so as Jenny L says in her review I've seen plenty of bars come and go in this space. Maybe it's the depth of the bar and the size of the windows which stops the daylight reaching the far corners, but it's certainly got character under Innis & Gunn's branding which makes for a welcoming place to stay a while.The colours work (classic red, white and black) and there's ample quality on show to make everyone feel well looked after in a style to which they'd like to become accustomed.I'd love to dwell on how well stocked the bar is, for there were many, many bottles of spirits to select from. Sadly they managed to run out of bottles of I&G blonde by mid-afternoon, which was a shame.
4	Great beer and a great atmosphere. And to top that off, a good little menu too. Must go back to try their burgers because they sounded delicious!
4	Well hello Independence Day venison burger with chipotle mayo, pastrami and gherkins. Ok, it's not the snappiest way to introduce my new crush but whoah those burgers are good.It was "Burger Day" (my birthday, but I wanted to make it all about the burgers see?). It was the middle of the Festivals. No where was taking bookings, especially for a party of 20. But after giving these guys a quick bell, they were happy to accommodate. First winInnis & Gunn itself is a local, and local's favourite, beer. Not a beer drinker myself, when I heard they were opening their own bar I did think it would be a little beer-heavy. Not at all. Yep, they've got all their own beers bottled but they've also got a huge range of whiskies, a few cocktails and plenty other spirits for your imbibing needs.I thought they might only have your standard beef, cheese, chicken and veggie burger options. Oh no. There's the Independence, the Irish (with Jamieson whisky bourbon sauce) and a few others my poor memory can't remember. 18 of us feasted, and there 18 very clean plates by the end of it.Not that I had low expectations, I just didn't expect the range and quality to be *that* good. So I was a very, very happy birthday bunny that day.Thanks I&G for a great meal, great birthday and maybe think about sticking around for longer than the summer, what do you say?
4	Originally this was meant to be a "pop-up bar" for the summer/festival period however it has stuck around and personally I am thankful. You see there have been many attempt to do something with the space, yet none have ever really worked...So why does Innis & Gunn work? Well the bar has done away with the conventional drinking stock of it's previous incarnations, replacing this with a selection of beers, lagers and ciders made in Scotland by smaller more independent brewers, it has also retained a good selection of spirits. It also has some decent food choices, not always the cheapest but good food.So here is hoping Innis & Gunn keeps up the good work and sticks around for a good while longer.
