5	I've used Tix 4 Tonight on several occasions. I've always been able to find a good deal for a show or dinner that I probably wouldn't have headed to if I wasn't provided a discount. I highly recommend stopping by and seeing what's available.
5	Tix 4 Tonight is a must for those wanting to catch impressive discounts on shows, attractions & meals.  Customers can save up to 50% off the premium pricing that Las Vegas attractions demand.  I utilized Tix 4 Tonight to purchase vouchers to Beatles Love, Madame Tussaud's Wax Museum, Donny & Marie and Flavors buffet at Harrah's.  Once I acquired said vouchers, I just had to go to the box office of the particular show to secure my tickets.  Let me tell you, I scored primo seats for Beatles Love and Donny & Marie.  For Beatles Love, the show is in the round, so good seating is available throughout.  The only catch with Tix 4 Tonight is vouchers can only be obtained either the day of or the day before, since it's a discounter that's attempting to sell unsold tickets.  If you want to make sure you secure tix to a show or you want the very best seats, then I suggest buying them ahead of time through the box office or vegas.com.  However, if you're looking for something to do in Vegas, then I highly recommend visiting one of the many Tix 4 Tonight locations located on the Strip.
5	I don't remember if this was the exact location I went to, since there's numerous locations, but I went to the one at the Hawaiian Marketplace on the strip to get Titanic exhibit tickets at a much discounted price.  All I can say is, this place is great to buy tickets for many shows, attractions, and some restaurants at a deep discount!  Unforutately, you can't order tickets online.
4	Tips: There are some restrictions on when you can pick up your tickets -- usually one hour before showtime. They sometimes "request" that you pick up your tickets from the venue right away, but I don't know how serious they are about that. Large parties aren't always able to be seated together at some of the nicer shows. Don't stress about what show to see -- I've never seen an unredeemably bad show on the strip.
4	Tix 4 Tonight is a great company if you are flexible about the shows you want to watch and the seats you want to get.  To give you an idea of how much of a discount you receive, our party paid $77/person for tickets to Cirque du Soleil's Mystere.  We were also considering KA for $97/person.The earlier you go, the better.  I'm talking roughly 8-10AM.  When you pay, they give you a voucher for a group of seats in that price range and you have to go to the specific theater's box office(in our case, Treasure Island) to get actual assigned seats.  (It's like checking in at the airport to find out what seats you're getting.)  Best do that earlier in the day so you can spend the rest of the day not worrying about making it to the theater on time before the show.Overall, I have no complaints.  The attendants have iPads to help you pick a show/attraction when you're in line and tell you exactly what the prices will be when you get up to the booth.  They were really friendly and helpful.  It's a great way to find a show in Vegas.
4	My buddies and I stopped in Vegas and wanted to see some shows, we stopped by "Tix 4 Tonight" and were surprised to see them selling for slightly less than online (vegas.com for instance).We were a little cautious about someone selling tickets as a 3rd party, but the price was good, and we ended up seeing "Absinthe" @ Caesars which was a really great show.The process is, you buy some seats, you get vouchers for those seats, you run/walk over to the box office where the show is playing, you get reserved seats.About it.  I can't speak for other shows, but it worked out great for us, Saving about $10-15 per ticket each.
5	The experience of purchasing tickets with this ticket discounter was excellent. Could not ask for better service and the added information the sales person gave us was right on. He had gone to see the show we were intersted in and gave us a great description. Also purchased the discount restaurant voucher, which added to a great night out for my family. So if you are hesitant about purchasing tickets with these people- don't worry! Just follow the instructions they tell you about getting over to the box office early with your voucher and getting your actual tickets at the venue. We had great seats for 50% off. Felt bad for people that purchased the tickets full price. Only thing is you have to be flexible about your schedule and get in line early in the day. Just think of them as a ticket surplus broker.
3	Pretty good experience.  I'm not sure that we saved all that much through them instead of another avenue.  We wanted to see Absinthe and there was a guy standing outside of Caesar's giving out vouchers for $80.  And that's how much Tix 4 Tonight was also selling them for.  The salesgirl said that the guy's coupon didn't include all the different taxes and service fees though.  Who knows?  I don't and I don't really care.  Ticketmaster sells them for $124 so we were ultimately happy with the savings and the show itself.There wasn't a long line at all to buy the ticket vouchers which I was sort of expecting.  However, you do need to do the extra step and go immediately to the venue's box office to switch out your vouchers for actual tickets.  Another slight negative is that you have no idea where you're going to be sitting.  They don't even show you a seating chart.  For Absinthe, it wasn't a big deal since the venue (tent) was so intimate but I don't know how one would fare with a larger show.Another, albeit somewhat personal, negative was the girl who rung us up actually asked me if I was all right because to her, I seemed annoyed.  Who says that?!  I was tired and hot from walking around all day (it was like 112 at the time) so I probably wasn't being overly friendly but it wasn't like I was being rude to her or anything.  Again, who says that to a customer?
1	Seats were in the very back of the theater, if you want decent seats call the individual venues, we had better luck at about the same price and had much better seats.
2	Convenient, yes. Not the best deal in town. Seats were not very good and NOT as described when I purchased. Would seek other ticket sellers. And there are a lot.
