5	Yum!  This second Hibachi Grill for Phoenix just opened today & is it ever good!!  Mike C. joined me this morning to whip up here & give it a try.  At the very first opening for this big new restaurant, everything was right!  (Wake up, Pacific Seafood Buffet, Glendale!)This place is nice inside & has a tacky...  ur... beautiful Chinese Fountain, as does the other Hibachi over at 75th Av. & Thomas.  Yes, I LIKE the fountain!  Get over it, fountain critics!The food selection is very large, as there were 142 items out, not including sauces & dressings.  Everything was the right temperature, & everything was VERY GOOD!  Yes, there's fresh Sushi & a killer Mongolian Grill, where the cook prepared my dish just right even though I was his very first customer ever. This is a wonderful addition to the other 7 Buffets right here at Metro.  It beats them all, & at least almost all of the other Chinese Buffets in the Valley!     :-))Lunch Buffet $6.99================================6/9 Mini Update:  There is absolutely nothing inappropriate on the surface of any tabletop in this immaculately clean restaurant, where I have eaten more than once.  There also wasn't on "Grand Opening" day.  I was there.
5	Rand H, and myself went here today for the grand opening lunch buffet . The food and lots of it was very good and the right temperature.Even the hard ice cream was not rock hard and easy to scoop. Most of the food here is the same as there other location.But they did not have the great cake you eat!! I had at Thomas and 75th ave.So  we have another great Chinese buffet in the valley to enjoy.
2	You might feel differently than me about this one and I give two stars because the majority of what I tried I couldn't take more than a tiny taste and for sure not a second bite  also a few things had to be spit out . Of course I couldn't try everything so maybe I missed what was good but in all that I tried I say in general much of the food was very overly bland or mostly just not right .The best things about my trip here were the service all the folks working were very attentive and the place seemed nice and clean . As for food the sushi I tried seemed fresh , I passed on the buttered rolls , onion rings and fries but they looked good also at the end I did have a little ice cream and I tried the cheese cake they were good .Here we go....Cucumber salad was fresh but had cheap Italian dressing poured over it .The Salmon had a strange what looked like crushed maraschino cherries on top it was so odd I had to taste it...(that was a spit out) so over cooked it tasted like very dry fishy chicken breast I couldn't figure out the red stuff) They had something marked prime beef it was cooked very tender but lacked any seasoning that it desperately needed or at least a au jus or gravy . The pan of spinach was half melted cheese so when you tried to eat spinach you just got melted mozzarella cheese . The breaded tilapia was very strong tasting of fish (a spit out) It was unmarked but the either orange chicken or generals chicken didn't taste like either . The spicy chicken was just sweet no spice . The green beans were just in thick sweet sauce . They had breaded mozzarella sticks that were cold and when you bit in to them it was like biting into rubber .But the stir fry was the funniest thing and maybe they just purchased the wrong beef and had the grill on too low because we picked a beef stir fry and they cooked up your vegetables and threw the beef on the grill and we noticed it was taking an unusually long time and we left it just taking the stir fry that tasted OK not great but OK about the time we were almost done the stir fry they run the beef to us and you have no knife to cut it and it wasn't fork tender so my husband picked it up and tried to bite a piece off and nearly tore out his teeth trying to eat it...(well that had to be spit out . Lastly the steamed rice was hard and crunchy and wasn't holding up well on the buffet .Maybe because they are new they just don't have it together yet but this by far isn't 4 or 5 star quality from what I tried .
4	Yummy, yummy for my tummy!!! Loved the tacky fountain as you walk in, lol. This place was clean, granted it has just opened. The food was fresh, the sushi was delish (for buffet) and the waitresses were really nice. We ate for two hours, well not straight eating but we were there that long. They sat us at the wall closest to the parking lot, we didn't sit by a window but it was really warm anyway. Next time, because there will be a next time, I will ask not to be sitted by the wall. Three of us for dinner for $30...can't beat that.
1	updated 8-5-11I tried again, and it still has the stupid glitter, but I'll focus on the food....No good.  Average, if I'm generous.They put way too much food out at any given time for the amount of customers, meaning it sits around getting un-fresh waiting for you to come around.  As you poke and prod the item's unappetizing shiny (greasy) exterior, wondering if every goldamn thing in the building is cooked in a deep-fryer, you reluctantly find a less-grissly or fatty bit to relinquish to your plate.  By the time you get back to you horribly decorated table, the oiliness of each dish has congealed into a lukewarm film coating the thing.  Some people say bigger is not always better.I say Bigger is always not better.===========================================Sorry, but here's the thing:You can't put glitter designs on the table tops with a stencil and white glue, with tiny pieces of the metal chips flaking off from the pattern and migrating all over the entire surface of the table.  That isn't food-sanitary, in my opinion.
3	Thing is with chinese buffets, there are far more dishes than you can or even should eat.  You can't taste em all and when you're through trying, you've overdosed on all the wrong things and look like a snake that swallowed a basketball.Food here was ordinary (good).  There were 14 food islands with more dishes than anyone could ever sample at one time....still the same can be said about all chinese buffets that I'm acquainted with.  There is also a shushi bar and a mongolion bbq which they call Hibachi bar.  Because it's new, it's decorated nicely.Oh, I didn't mention that while I was eating, I pulled a long maybe 10 inch strand of someone's hair out of one of the foods piled on my plate.I am giving this a three star rateing but at the same time, I wouldn't go too far out of my way to eat there again.  This was the first time.  An exploration, if you will.
2	Tried again Better this time.   Food was good not great
3	This made for a nice date location. The waiter was extremely attentive. The food was mainly really good especially the meat. The fried banana was not good, neither was the sushi. But I suppose it's to be expected that sushi at a buffet won't be the greatest. Overall, I'd go again.
2	This place keeps popping up on my home page to review since I checked in, but I have avoided it for reasons I'm not sure of.  It's a smokin deal ($6.99 for lunch) but at the same time I'm not surprised.  You get what you pay for....The food is about everything you can imagine, and not just chinese food.  There is mac n cheese, polish sausage, chicken wings you name it.  I usually keep it simple going for rice and some sort of breaded, deep fried  meat with sauce.  And some vegetables to kid myself that this meal has some nutritional value.  I can have a sweet tooth now and then, but I will never understand or venture towards the whole scoop your own ice cream with the scoop sitting in a cup of dirty water routine.  So I'm not a huge fan of this place, but can't say I won't be dragged back when the need for a mountain of food (that I will later regret) comes my way.
3	Not to shabby. The hibachi grill is your best bet for this buffet. You have a nice selection to choose from and you can have as much of it as you want. Plus it is made fresh to order. SCORE! The sushi is also made fresh, but on the buffet, some of the dishes seemed to have sat for a little too long as they had that  "I have been out for a long time and no one has refreshed me" look. So be advised, go for some from Hibachi, sushi oh and ice cream. Be a little leery of some of the buffet items. If it looks like it has sat too long, it probably has. If in doubt go for the fresher items. You will be able to tell the difference.
3	I liked the "grill" portion of this place. While what I got was too spicy for me (my own fault) the idea of it is great. The rest was plain-ol-chinese-buffy food. The staff was there but never bothered you unless to refill the water. The place is huge as it was a former Peter Piper Pizza, then a banquet hall. PS I saw you there Jake..
5	It's been eight months since opening day, so I stopped back in here for lunch today to check up on the place, joined this time by Norm R., Arlin B. & Robyn N.  Nothing has changed, which means it's still totally 5 Stars to me!     :-))
4	I was just finishing up my last customer stop for the day and mentioned I was going to lunch in the Metro Center area and he asked if I would mind some company.  We settled on here and he is somewhat a regular.  Getting there around 11:30 the lot was full and inside was pretty busy.  I always like to see a lot of people in a buffet so the food turns faster.  Speaking of the food, I had nothing I felt like not finishing.  The grill line was really long so I didn't try that but my customer says that is the best part.  I had several items from the sushi counter.  The ice cream was the proper consistency.  I may have just had the wrong things but nothing really stood out as having much flavor.  It gets the 4th star for being a good value at $6.99 for lunch.
5	This is the eight time I've been to this place. I held back my review because some of the negative comment from other reviewers. I want to make sure my review is unbiased, fair, impartial.  I come on a different day of the week, different hours. I believed some people may have walked in on a bad day. (sadly, their review is based on one bad experience).The price; $6.99 for lunch, $9.99 for dinner. It is in line with the majority of oriental buffets in the Phoenix metropolitan area. For what they offer, it's a bargain.Food Items: I didn't count them all, but I bet you it is over a hundred.  It has  such a  variety; it can satisfy a two-year old kid to a 80 years old grand parent, something for everyone.Taste, Maybe not  the best I ever had, but definitely up there - TOP10%.This place is clean; definitely better than many place I've been.As Far as I am concerned, this place is a definite "FIVE STAR"
3	This buffet was better the first time we went. Better selection.Having said that it is by no means bad, the food has always been of good quality, and fresh however its "meh." Staff is attentive and my son likes the Jell-oIts really just the same ol- same ol for a buffet, nothing to make me really want to go back.
3	This is a good selection for a good price. A better salad bar than even the salad bar buffets nearby.The fact that I go all the time doesn't mean much except that they're the best in the area.  The best in the area doesn't exactly mean the best ever, though.Service can be not just hit or miss, but downright bipolar, with some staff providing exceptional service while some just the opposite. Like most places, they cook almost everything in the deep fryer. So some days the cooks turn things out a little more oily than other days.Sadly, they are responsible for putting nearby dim sum legends China Chan out of business. 8v(
2	I don't ever expect to get good sushi at these types of restaurants, especially in AZ.  I do expect them to have OK level rolls. (At least on the level of other similarly priced Asian buffets.)   I usually ask the guy at the sushi bar to make me spicy tuna hand rolls.  At this place, the non-Asian guy (who couldn't speak English) manning the sushi bar didn't even know how to make them.  I hope he wasn't just refusing to make them for me.  Unacceptable.Their salad bar is very above average.  The other food at the buffet is pretty good, especially for the price.Their wait staff was pretty attentive.  They cleared plates and refilled drinks diligently.
5	Okay, the low reviews? I don't get it! This place is as cheap as dirt. I'm reviewing this place on it's price point. They've got tons of dishes, insanely cheap take-out after 9PM (half off) and comfy booths. Don't go here for sushi and expect a delicacy. Expect tons of food, tons of variety, some good sweet and sour soup and ALL YOU CAN EAT!
5	been back several times since my last review. As far as I am concern, it is still the best buffet within ten mile radius.
2	Food was terrible, at least there was a grill, which was also sub par but at least edible.
1	UNSANITARY conditions, FOOD TEMPERATURES not correct, Cross contamination visibly apparent - BAD MANAGEMENT and Hygiene issues with servers: AVOID AT ALL COSTS SERIOUSLY. I have never been so negative and critical in  my reviews, I was treated poorly by management when I complained about food temperatures, "he" plainly said "I DON'T CARE!" multiple times to me in front of others. The meat was lukewarm, the tempura was hard as in old and greasy, the selection was limited, the supposed to be chilled shrimp was moist and lukewarm as well. I had to stop eating as I bit into tasteless, hard, greasy bits. I still paid my $40 (prices of drinks not included) but easily could have left the minute I saw the food. My mistake. I SAW the server pull his dirty pants from the butt crack section  (in front of me) while serving drinks to other table. The waitress made me wait 10 minutes before I got up to ask for more drinks, I literally walked across the restaurant to get a hold of her even though it this place was empty. The seats were sticky and walls had orange chicken fingerprints all over, the floor had grease, crumbs, dry food juice. The 'GRILL, HOW IRONIC SINCE THEY CALL THEMSELVES Buffet GRILL" was not being attended by any cook, the sushi avocado was old and browned so not appetizing. The ice cream barrels (self serve by scooping) was almost empty so when people scoop their ice cream inside the barrels their dirty bare hands touch the same ice cream the next person gets..ON and On... I asked to speak to a "manager" and all he could say was "I don't care, you have to pay" about 4 times loudly. THEY WILL EVENTUALLY SHUT THIS PLACE DOWN, NOT WORTH YOUR TIME, HEADACHE OR MONEY. Oh also if you don't eat all your food on the plate at this "BUFFET" then there is a sign that you may have to pay extra for leftovers not eaten on site, what a JOKE! Oh...servers might not understand your English either. ( I would not take time out of my life to write this if I was not seriously concerned majorly about the unsanitary conditions and lack of hygiene in this ill-ran place).
3	Bumped up a star, I've adopted a "paleo" style diet to compliment some Crossfit training and this place has been my go-to for when I'm in the need of large quantities of meats and veggies.  I hit up the grill portion for the first time and I honestly could have/should have just stuck with that, but I went above and beyond on the some other meaty selections (avoiding anything breaded or excessively sauced).  While there are still items that look a little sketchy, I have no problem filling up on the items that look appetizing to me...
4	Large selection of food, spacious dining area, attentive waitstaff. For an all-you-can-eat buffet, the quality of the food is OK to good, although nothing is outstanding. I really like their prime rib, though; while even this wouldn't get a stellar rating from me, it's pretty good for something offered by a buffet restaurant. I would consider this a 3 or 3.5-star establishment, but I'm bumping it up to 4 stars because of their 50% off take-out after 9 p.m. -- this is how I often get a huge take-home meal, sometimes with leftovers for the next day, for a really low price. Quite the deal!
4	Lots of food, good selection. I'm a little leery of  Asian buffet's, but you get your dollars worth here.. fresh Sushi.  Mongolian wok made to order. Lunch price of $ 6.99. not bad.
4	One of the Best Chinese Buffets I have been to in Phoenix.
2	I have been here a couple times over the past year and the quality of food and service has declined sharply. I hope they make improvements as the reviews are declining as well, but I will be reluctant to return.If you do visit this location, the Hibachi (Mongolian Grill) is pretty good. Pick your ingredients and they'll cook it up however you like. So if its more cost effective that going to Genghis Khan or whatever then knock yourself out.
5	Whipped back up here today for the Lunch Buffet, this time joined by Mike C. & Arlin B.  Things were the same as usual here, which is to say GREAT!  There was a huge selection of 158 tasty food items out, plus sauces & dressings.  This time I enjoyed some Won Ton Soup, various Sushi, Mongolian style BBQ including four kinds of meat, many other dishes that you would expect at an Oriental Buffet, plus such treats as Polish Sausage, ham and desserts that included EIGHT kinds of real ice cream!All this, & the price is still only $6.,99/$6.29 Sr.     :-))
4	I've been here several times within the past couple of years. I'm not typically a fan of buffets, be it because the quality of the food being served is questionable, or because variety is nearly non-existent. Hibachi Grill offers both quality and variety for a reasonable price. AND, they have Mongolian BBQ. :DI'm not going to say the food is the best I've ever had, but for a buffet, it's surprisingly good.
1	Buffet has all the typical offerings of your local Chinese buffet, I was disappointed at how MOST of the food was room temperature. The food that was supposed be hot was warm with the exception of the soups, they were piping hot. Maybe it was the time  of day that I came in because I heard good things about this restaurant.  I know the first time I was there (when it first opened, it was excellent. The food was hot and delicious). Not on my second and third trip there. I even tried their restaurant on 51st & Bell before they closed. That one was even worse than the one at Metro which is why it may no longer be in business. I don't know why I kept going back. Maybe the buffet looked so tempting and the restaurant was crowded I thought something isn't right or it must be me. I do know if you can catch the dishes as they come out of the kitchen  when they come out fresh they are very good.But this place reminds me of all the other C - rated Chinese buffets in Phoenix. I'm generally not a fan of buffets and Hibachi Grill & Supreme Buffet is nothing special. it is typical of the buffets here, you get what you pay for but the food looks good and they have a lot of choices (a wide selection) so everyone will eventually find something they want to eat there if you can stomached warm - cold food that is supposed to be hot. But it is it's all you can eat.The last time I went here with my wife I walked around the buffet once, walked around twice... and walked around one last time and NOTHING looked appetizing at all!  I ended up having soup because I could see the steam coming from it and knew it would be hot. . We should've known better, judging from the demographics of the place.  I shouldn't have given them additional chances and just got the heck out! CUSTOMER SERVICE:  Is average, they'll do their job like any other buffet restaurant. AMBIANCE: The buffet presentation is very basic, Once you walk in, one side has all the food and kitchen area, the other side is tables and chairs, and booths. FOOD: The food experience was just that- an 'experience. Frankly the health department should really come in and take a look at the food temperatures of the buffet. I am surprised people haven't got sick from food poisoning at this restaurant!  CONCLUSION: I'm writing out of disappointment for wasting $$ at this place. One star is way too generous, more like ZERO star.
3	I came here tonight because I was hungry and wanted a variety of food to choose from.  The prices here are fair, and the food selections pretty darn good.  The salad bar is awesome, with tons of fresh fruit, toppings, dressings and a bunch of other stuff.The first time I came here I ate like it was going out of style and really liked the food. They have a sushi bar, but the selection's limited.  They also have a grill where they cook stuff like it's a Mongolian grill, and its not half bad.Sometimes the drink refills are slow, and I will admit, even though the food is good, some dishes are better then others.  Definitely a good place to go eat at with a good selection and great prices.
1	The place is nicely decorated , but the food needs some work. Also , I had an incident where I was eating and one of there staff began making fun of me. I have eaten there a total of 3 times. Each time , I was mostly eating the sushi , which surprise , isn't actual sushi but cooked fish made to look "raw". I would've given two stars , but the mere fact that you somehow removed my original review is very disconcerting. You get one star. And I will never eat there again. Also for those reading this , the lin's seafood buffet on 51st and Bell is managed by the same company that manages this buffet. The food is terrible. So I will hope this will save you some time.
4	I went here today with my family for lunch, We were pleasantly surprised by the quality and variety of their buffet. While its not the best Chinese food I've ever had it was far from the worst. I particularly enjoyed their Hot and sour soup and Black Pepper Chicken. We'll be visiting this place again.
5	Our office goes here like once a week. It's retarded, but we love it. But when you're VIP ballers, this place is awesome. You jealous?
3	The best part of this buffet is the Hibachi and the dessert bar! They had tons of options in general but I kept going back to the Hibachi!
4	Driving in my FDX area, had the chance to take my 2 favorite girls this place I eat allot.This is it.I think I made some points.You know when you go there allot and they call you be your first name. I heard the girls saying " yes that was good and yes that was good" So I think it was a good choosing on my part. My girls were happy and they have a big selection of food for a good price.
5	It's been a little over a year since my last Update of this (more or less) Chinese Buffet so I headed back here today, joined by fellow fan of the place, Mike C.  Now it's a real pleasure to report that they were in top form today, just as during my last visit.  This time I counted up a huge selection of 152 food items, plus sauces & dressings and things got off to a 5-Star start with their really good Hot & Sour Soup.  You should see all the different things they put in it!Some of my other favorite tastes today were the creamy Cottage Cheese, the Stuffed Shrimp and the fried chicken.  Everything was good, the service friendly, the restaurant very comfortable and the prices still the same low ones as over a year ago, so it's easy to give this excellent Buffet 5 Stars again!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $6.99/$6.29 Sr.
5	I have been to MANY Chinese buffets including Southern California, this is by far the best ever!
4	Yummy food very friendly Lots to chose from won ton Great Spring roll are awesome the ribs are a joke.  I usually like the spicy octopus and that was bad.The dessert selection is Huge. The ice cream comes in personal containers that are delicious! Flavors like vanilla cookies and cream chocolate, green tea , coffee ect.It took 3x to get a high chair that was not broken
4	This is definitely one of the better Chinese buffets. The prices are low, the wait staff is efficient and friendly, and there is always a great selection of hot food and desserts. They even have sushi! Most of the offerings are flavorful and tasty.
1	I wouldn't even give them any stars!! Me and my partner waited over 15 minutes just for our drinks! The lady was sooo rude! When she came to drop off my card back she waited till I filled out for a tip! I gave her none since service was horrible! She then question me and why I gave her no tip and shock her head. This is very unprofessional and we will never come back here again!! I felt discriminated because we are a gay couple! STAY AWAY FROM HERE!!!
4	I've been here a few times with my mom, brother, and her husband. My family is full of skinny people but we go here bc my stepdad us a cheapskate. The variety is really good and there's fresh veggies. I never went to a buffet before coming to Phoenix so I guess this one is not so bad. The thing is, there's a ton if huge, gigantic people who go here to load up. I find that disturbing. But I'm assuming they like to frequent buffets.
5	Terrific selection which even included Mongolian BBQ, crawfish, softshell crab, and several sushi selections.  All of the food was very fresh.  Several icecream options. They played Happy Birthday over the speakers and brought my mom a cake, it was very nice.  Best chinese buffet in the area.
