5	I have had two bridesmaids dresses altered here and each time the results have been perfect! I was able to walk in and be helped right away on two separate occasions and the turn around time was only a few days. The service is very friendly and I highly recommend them!
5	What lovely staff they have here!  My only pickle is that they are fairly expensive.  Regardless, I know whatever I bring here will be altered to perfection, therefore, this assurance is worth the price tag.I have been coming here since I moved to Charlotte a year ago for work.  I have given them all my professional work clothes to alter (since I somehow got fatter and shorter).  They made everything fit perfectly again in record time!
5	I don't often need to get alterations done but when I do, I only consider Anna's Alterations.  I have gotten several bridesmaid dresses altered and all have been last minute (my fault!) and everything has been done right the first time. The staff is friendly and get work done promptly, often within 48 hours. I note that they are not the cheapest for alterations, though.  My recent dress alteration ran $56 to take 2 inches off the length and bring in the bust but to me, I would rather pay a little more to have things done right.
5	Excellent service & friendly employees! This place stays busy so you may have a slight wait for a fitting room if you go on a busy Saturday. However, they are very efficient and will get you in and out as quickly as possible.
5	I've taken several pants here to be hemmed. The staff is very friendly. Their work is high quality. They have even repaired hems from another place that came undone. They turn around things very quickly, and I think the prices are very reasonable. I haven't had them alter anything more complicated than pants, but I would not hesitate to take all my alteration needs here.
4	This place is the place to go for your alterations minor or extensive.  They are friendly and the the customer service is impeccable.  They complete your work in a timely manner.  I have had two major alterations made to bridesmaid's dresses for two different weddings, both turned out perfect. Highly recommend.
5	Am awarding one of my rare 5-star ratings on Anna's because it is that good.Anything that needs to be altered can be done here.  Men's suits, women's skirts, jackets and pants and one day there was a bride to be getting her gown altered!  Very, very impressive.You need not an appointment, just walk in and have a seat.  The lady at the cash register will ask what you need done and you will go to a designated changing room.  You exit the room and will be directed to one of the many women that are there to measure, pin and mark your stuff.  Repeat for each item you have for alteration.You report back to the front desk and they will give you a due date to come back for your items.It is such a professional and efficient operation that you will leave positively impressed, as I am each time.The work is perfect and if it is not, you go back to have it re-done.Most all the ladies are Asian and off to the left there is a row of sewing machines where the work is done.  To the right are the fitters.Prices are very reasonable, although it borders on expensive, and the turn-around is not more than a couple of weeks.  Usually it is within a few days.I see that many reviewers share my high opinion.  You will, also.
5	Not only is this place affordable, but the quality of work is also great.  All the ladies in there are friendly and they know what they are doing! Before taking your altered clothes home, you can try them on and make sure its exactly what you want.  All the clothes I have altered are just right and fit like a glove.  It only takes 2-4 days before your clothes are finished. I would recommned this place to anyone who needs alterations done on anything!!
