5	I actually loved this place, It wasn't bad at all. The guy who did my pedicure did such a wonderful job... Best pedicure I've ever had, and I always go to different places trying to find a good place to go. But after coming here, I think I found my permanent place :)
5	great customer service.  staff is very friendly.  clean and have very comfortable massage chairs!  free wi-fi!
2	Let me start off by saying my BIGGEST pet peeve is when mainly Vietnamese ran nail salons speak Vietnamese LOUDLY in front of guests about them. Whenever I go get my nails done anywhere, I speak English so that I can observe how their behavior is. I think that it's highly unprofessional to talk shit about your customers in a different language when they're sitting right there. Like how much they tipped you or if you think they're crazy. If someone tips you a certain amount, that's because they think it's the amount you deserve. They don't have to tip you. If you have bad things to say, please take it to the break room or hell, say it in English.When I first walked in, there was a man chilling on the couch who said Hi to me and and I greeted him back. Then I walked to the reception area hoping to find someone to assist me with getting a gel french manicure. It turns out, the man chilling on the couch, along with a few other ladies worked there! I actually thought that they were customers waiting for their turn (even though it was DEAD in there, should've been the first sign of trouble) with how 'laxed they were being. Billy, who did my nails was very nice. I eventually told him that I was Vietnamese as well so when his coworkers started going off about their girls not tipping enough and the crazy people they had to work on at that moment in Vietnamese, he was starting to look pretty embarassed. He was really gentle when he did my nails which was a + for me since I've had some bad experiences with the cuticle cutter.I am highly disappointed that there's already a chip in my gel manicure after 2 days, which is supposed to be on point for at least 2 weeks! I haven't done any vigorous activties and I definitely make sure I watch out for nails when I'm lifting at the gym. So... what happened? Lol.Ay dios mio! I am never going to get my nails done at a different location than my usual just because of convenience again.
3	Jenny was amazing. But DON'T get your nails done by the guy. You will waste a lot of money!!! Less than a week later every nail was badly lifting. The primer he used was crap. Not only that but a crack he fixed by just placing acrylic over snapped the nail three days later tearing my real nail. It bled pretty bad and hurt for days. The acrylic area by my cuticles was really rough too. Like it wasn't worth him filing it down. My nails looked like garbage a week later.
1	The guy that put on a full set went entirely too fast.  He was finished in about 20 minutes and, guess what, they began lifting within days and two completely popped off.  Plus, I went in about 15 mintues after they opened and they had to ask me to sign in and come back 15 minutes later because their employee was running late.  Bad service and bad workmanship.  I won't be back.
3	I've been coming here forever! The girls are super sweet and do a great job! The guys are a little more rushed it seems like, but still do a good job too. The reason I only left 3 stars is that they are a little overpriced. Their pedicures start at $25, and they recently started charging $5 extra for callus removal! That's just crazy to me! Regardless, they are clean, nice and do a good job.
5	I live in LA and visit vegas every few months and I never forget to get my treatment. There are so many nail salons in Vegas but Color Nails is definitely my favorite!! It's so spacious! Most salons are so crowded and they just try to get the job done to get money; Color Nails is totally opposite! They take pride in their quality work. They treat me so well all the time and make sure I'm happy with what they've done! Their prices are reasonable and it's in such a good location! I can't wait till my next visit to LA!!
5	Hadn't been in here in over a year because we had moved. Came back and it was just as clean and friendly. Had a great relaxing pedicure. Reasonably priced and they didn't rush through anything. Hope I'm back in the area next time I'm in need of a pedi.
5	Went here to get my stilettos fixed and I'm very happy. Will not go back to the other place to get my nails done. Will be going here from now on.
4	First impression was great. (Nhung) did such a great job. As a nail tech from another state I can tell she was take time to do my nail most of people rush through it. The shop very clean.
4	Yay!  I've found a new place to take my tootsies where they get treated right!  I strolled in yesterday and was treated to a lovely mani/pedi by the lovely Anna.  First of all, the place is a bit stark.  Do not be fooled by this - just because it doesn't look luxurious doesn't mean you won't feel luxurious!  Anna did a wonderful job with the gel polish on my hands - I chose a glittery gold color and halfway through she asked if I wanted a deeper glitter as the one I selected was pretty light.  I was very happy she suggested this, and was much happier with the deeper glitter she picked.  That's what I call great customer service!  She also gives a great hand and foot massage with the pedicure.  I've had many, many pedicures at many different places - Color Nails has by far the best massage chairs.  I love a deep, kneading back massage and I'm actually a bit bruised today - which is a good thing in my book.  The chairs give a good, strong massage.  I'm so happy with this place.   I can't wait to go visit Anna again sometime.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is the price is a little more than most places, but I'll pay a few extra bucks for quality treatment and great service.
2	This is a review for an eyebrow wax...   I went in as a walk in,  finally after two months growing out of a botched job I was ready to give someone else a shot to do my eyebrows.  The salon is clean,  my technician was pleasant.  However, usually you are offered a mirror to look at the job when the technician is finished.. nope..nothing... I went in for cleaning up my brows and eliminating  the strays. since I have been maintaining it at home myself .. Tweezing was minimal so I was skeptical that the job was done well.  And yes,  once I got home and looked I still had strays.  I would understand a little if the salon was busy and I was a new walk in...but it wasn't.  And I typically pay 10 bucks and tip three to five depending on the job.. I was charged $12 and tipped 3...  not sure if the job was sloppy because they thought I was a tourist or they were just inept.  Disappointed as they are near me and convenient, but I won't return.
