4	FINALLY!!!!!!!i had a 30 minute break during work this morning and on my drive down 7th ave i noticed two hippies breakfast joint was officially in business. walked in and the place is HUGE, and unlike their other locations they have places to sit down and eat inside, plus little stools all along the outside.their menu is HUGE and they serve breakfast all day, plus burgers and chicken sandwiches and such.  their breakfast bowls can be made as burritos which is what i did. you can choose up to 6 add-ins including chorizo, bacon, green chile, an assortment of cheeses, garlic, onions, peppers, the list goes on...and it comes with a side of potatoes.  i think they're lacking (besides chorizo and sausage) some kind of shredded meat (like machaca) or chicken for their breakfast burritos..and good hot sauce (the ones on the tables were blah). great friendly service and one free refill on your coffee. place is cash only, and the ATM takes forever. this place is going to be very successful in the future...breakfast all day and bomb breakfast at that.
4	So yeah, you pick a bowl of 3 eggs and you fill it with six toppings of your choosing. You can also get sides by themselves like waffles, pancakes etc., ...I got a bowl of scrambled eggs with, sausage, two kinds of cheese, bacon and stuff, it was good and more than I could finish. Jacqui had a waffle with Maple Syrup and they rawked! All super fresh and cheap ...
4	Does the use of organic meats, vegetables, and cheese make a difference? In this breakfast joint it does! I got the Two Hippies burger with cheese, and "upgraded" it with a side of onion rings. The burger was fresh and nicely seasoned, with two kinds of grated cheese melting on top, and did not have that commercial fast food or diner taste. I also enjoyed the onion rings and liked the fact that they use red onion for the rings. The service was very friendly and I had a pleasant dining experience, enjoying my meal while looking at the 60s and 70s decor and listening to the hits of Tina Turner piped in. Looking forward to trying their breakfast fare next time.
3	So yes, I like to rate breakfast places by their coffee. I don't know why, maybe I need a good caffeine rush before plunging into three week's worth of cholesterol...In the case of this joint, their coffee reminds of a nice crisp cup of coffee that I'd get from a diner back east. Good flavor, nice and hot. Interestingly, I also judge all places versus Tavern on the Green (note: their coffee was the worst ever and now they're bankrupt. you be the judge!)As far as the actual grub - both the wife and I got the bowls - three eggs with 6 of your favorite ingredients. i went helathy - veggies and cheese, whereas the wife went mexican - chorizo, jalapenos and cheese. We were both really happy, and interestingly - one of the fun parts was when some extra cheese got on the really buttery toast - we totally thought - wow, this bread would be perfect for grilled cheese! yum!Why the 3 stars? Well, the got only 4 of my 6 ingredients right, but hey if they were baseball players, they'd get Eric Byrnes type money for that batting average. Then, they called my name (wife's meal), called the wife's name (my meal). not a big deal, just was worried  that this coulda been a bad mixup had we not known each other. :)Also, her eggs were a little under done. Actually, not too frustrating considering how many people were here ordering. They handled it *really* well. Remade the order, no questions asked, and came out quickly, even with the line out the door.
2	Boy I thought about this review all day yesterday.  I even wanted to sleep on it before jumping to any conclusions.  When it comes right down to it, I just don't think I am a fan of the Two Hippies brand. From their poorly spelled "Pizzaria" sign to their magic burgers that made my wife sick, I haven't seen a lot that should impress me.I expected this place to be quick when it came to breakfast.  I'm not sure why, I just did.  Maybe it was the take-out window or the confined dining area or the to-go boxes that every meal uses.  Most of all, I think I expected it to be quick because it is just breakfast food.  It really doesn't take long to throw something on a hot griddle.After waiting in line for 15 minutes, we got up to the front to order.  They have a "breakfast bowl" that includes up to 6 toppings for $6.  Pretty good deal, in my opinion, so I was gonna get that.  As I ordered, the guy wrote everything down (in longhand) and then punched a bunch of stuff into the register.  This whole process took a while (and took forever for people with complicated orders).  After asking to see what lemonades they were out of (which as a lot of them), I got a Guava one.  We paid for our food and the guy then told us that it would be 30 minutes.  Since we couldn't go sit outside because an employee was smoking within about 2ft of the open door (SO ILLEGAL), we found a small table in the back.  There's not much to look at and really not much going on.  The people are pretty normal and there wasn't a lot of food coming out to look at.  This gave us plenty of time to wonder why some scrambled eggs took 30minutes.So when our order finally comes out, everything is packaged in these giant plastic take away boxes.  Not only does this go against my own inner-hippie but it is bad for your business.  These containers are not cheap and they take up a TON of room in your trash.  Both of these issues cost you time and money.  They also don't do much for my "bowl" concept of a meal.  In any event, the presentation was underwhelming even for Two Hippies standards.The meal was decent but pretty greasy.  I had sausage, potatoes, mushrooms, and jalapeno jack cheese in my 'bowl' which included "toast."  That toast was more like buttered bread that was thrown on the same griddle as the greasy potatoes that made the base for my meal.  While the taste of the meal wasn't horrible (the toast was horrible) it really wasn't worth sitting around waiting for 45 minutes.  My issues with this place a many.  They have a giant sign outside that says "BREAKFAST ALL DAY" yet they stop serving breakfast at 11:30!  Matts, The Breakfast Joynt in Scottsdale, Black Bear, IHOP, Denny's, etc etc etc all serve breakfast later than 11:30.  What gives with the horribly false advertising?  The bulk of their menu is non breakfast items.  Really?!?  I can get a burger at 6am but I can't get bacon and eggs at 1145am?  Why do you even serve lunch stuff?  Just do breakfast and do it well.  Your kitchen wouldn't get so backed up if you didn't have such a giant menu.Get rid of the waffles and pancakes.  They are just gonna slow you down.  Do the breakfast bowl and some sides.  That's it.  You could bang out breakfast for 1000 in under an hour that way.Why don't you have order slips?  Wouldn't it make more sense for the people waiting in line to fill out their order instead of having you write everything down?  Just have a list of all the items available and have people circle what they want.  You check it to make sure it is 6 or fewer, charge them accordingly, and pass the ticket on to the kitchen.  It would speed up your whole concept.Finally - why do you let your employees smoke out front?  You just can't do that.  The next time, I am filing a complaint with the State.
2	I debated on this rating for awhile, but ultimately decided that I can't bump it up to a three star.  There were just way too many things here that disappointed me.  From the outside, the place is adorable and I love the bright color, it's really inviting.  However, I hate the place inside.  Had the decor been overkill hippie like in the burger place, I could sorta dig it, but this was all just halfway and I don't like a pair of pointy boobies staring down at me from a poster.  I HATED the rolling chairs that bumped into everyone and everything.  The place is entirely too cramped.  A lot of people get their food to go, so there is no reason to have that many tables.  There are just too many obstacles to make this even a semi-comfortable dining experience.False advertising makes me angry and had I come here after 11:30 on the premise that breakfast is served all day, like they advertise, I would have been fuming.  Why call yourself a breakfast joint if I can get a burger all day but not some scrambled eggs?There is way too much crap on the menu and I think that this place could really be much much better if they pared it down to just breakfast bowls and sides.  Practically everyone got one anyway, why slow the line down with messy pancakes and waffles?  Like Glenn said, there should also be little order forms that people can fill out while waiting in line.  Things would go so much smoother from there.Aside from the many many things that irritated me, the food was only okay.  I got the breakfast "bowl" which is a great value, but was left a bit disappointed.  I love being able to choose my own ingredients, so that was cool, but the distribution of ingredients is sporadic.  Some parts of my egg were covered in cheese and bacon, while the mushrooms and sausage were sparsely sprinkled.  I would rather have it even all the way around.  The potatoes tasted okay, but were really greasy and ultimately made me not feel good later in the day.  That brings back the same feeling I got from the uber-greasy magic mushroom burger a while back.  Not good.I probably won't be back unless some dramatic changes are made.  I don't mind waiting in line for food, but I hate waiting a long time after I have ordered.  I also don't understand how a "hippie" place that boasts of using organic ingredients could go and use inefficient, very expensive, not to mention environmentally unfriendly plastic and styrofoam containers.  That's a big boo from me.
3	After lowering my ratings for the Two Hippies Pizza and their burrito shop and I was hesitate to check out the breakfast joint, but since I had been waiting since June for it to open and breakfast is my favorite meal I figured I would give it a try.The hippies are winning me back with the breakfast joint. Though I'm still irked by cash only, at least it's cheap enough that $20 will go a long way for me and my husband. Upon arriving I saw a line going out the door. I figured we'd be waiting a long time. The wait wasn't too bad and did give us plenty of time to go over the menu and decide what to order. I ordered one of the breakfast bowls and a side of fried green tomatoes. You can put six items in your breakfast bowl. I chose spinach, bacon, jalapeno jack cheese, black olives, sun dried tomatoes and the last item escapes me. Even though hash browns is listed on the items to add to your breakfast bowl they technically come in the bowl. Though they are more like tiny home fries not hash browns.One thing I was surprised by is that they actually serve fresh brewed iced tea. The other hippie establishments don't serve ice tea and knowing this I broke one of my dining rules of bringing in an outside drink. I had to bring my own water, but now that I know I can get a cup of ice tea I won't bring my own drinks again.The breakfast bowls are huge and knowing how big they are, next time my husband and I will share one. The fried green tomatoes could be a lot better. The batter needs some work. It's thin and doesn't stick to the tomatoes very well. The atmosphere is just what you would expect from Two Hippies. Tons of crap on the walls and everywhere. I think if they took out a few things there would be a little more room to sit and eat inside. The big oversized chairs need to go so their is more space for people to eat comfortably. As it is now you'll definitely get to know the people eating next to you as you'll be practically sitting on their laps.Reading the other reviews I was amazed to find out that they don't serve breakfast all day which seems pretty silly to me considering the word breakfast is in the name of the place. A friend of mine came in past 11:30 and still got breakfast, so I'm not sure if they pick and choose or maybe they are realizing they should serve breakfast all day.I would eat here again if I happen to have cash on me, but next time I would probably get it to go.
4	I'm liking the breakfast bowls - you get a couple of eggs scrambled with your choice of up to six toppings - served over potatoes. I've gone the breakfast burrito route but I prefer the bowl. My potatoes were pretty greasy on my first visit, which was apparently their first day of business, but things have improved. BTW, you get your breakfast bowl with potatoes and Texas toast for only $6.No doubt a big part of the appeal is the staff. The atmosphere is mas-o-menos and it's crowded with tables and junk, but the people who work there are great. Very fun, and they toss trivia questions out to patrons all morning on Saturdays.Um, the bread pudding if AMAZING...I'm excited to try their corn dog on a stick - without having to hang around a bunch of toothless county fair carnies to get it. Doh! And, I love love love the pomegranate lemonade. P.S. check your attitude at the door, sit down, relax and enjoy your food.
4	My husband and I ate breakfast at the two hippies breakfast joint this morning for the first time.  I had a breakfast bowl (you get to pick 6 items to be scrambled in with your eggs) all for $6.  It was amazingly good.  My husband had the fried okra, bagel, and a breakfast bowl, he absolutly loved the okra and the breakfast bowl.The food is great here, the price is amazing for the amount of food you get, and the atmosphere is very nice and enjoyable.  We will be back as regulars at this 'joint'.
5	Yay! It opened!! We were waiting for QUITE a while!!So first off, the staff is amazing, a norm for the Two Hippies.. Always friendly faces, super layed back style. The owner's there hanging out, and genuinely interested in feedback and criticism. No criticism here though, we thought this place was amazing. It's always easy to bring the kids to a Two Hippies Joint, and this place is no exception. My two little ones shared an apricot jam toast sandwich that came with potatoes.. soo good! I got the breakfast bowl and chose from one of the million toppings they offer. Now I worked at Denny's for 3 years and adored the meatlover's skillet.. and this is that- to the super extreme, personalized, deliciousness. Oh my gosh. I got bacon, sundried tomatoes, chorizo, green onion, chopped garlic, and cheddar cheese... all teamed with 3 eggs, some breakfast potatoes, and I threw on some hot sauce.... heaven. It also comes with thick toast- my favorite kind.Hubs got the three brothers. Not what he expected, but super good. I really liked their tuna salad sandwich. It also comes with an egg salad sandwich and a chicken salad sandwich. They are not mini, so don't be fooled by the description. That came with a nice little salad. Very good.Of course we had to get a lemonade, guava.. fantastic, but I prefer the strawberry. The pomegranate is really good too! I loved the flavored iced tea. I got the passion fruit, but I like the peach better, but they didn't have it. I've had it at their pizza place, it's really good. We also got a bottled water. All of that for a total of 22.00, and we left very happy (and full) customers. You can't get that at McDonalds! (and WHY would you want to.. ick) Also, the cash thing kinda sucks, but they have an atm right there next to the register. I would recommend this place to anyone in the area, they really do a nice job representing the neighborhood. Very much like the people in the area, the place is super chill and you never feel out of place. Another winner, Two Hippies!
5	Most delicious breakfast ever! The breakfast bowl made your way is massive in size and tastebud-electrifying. There are about a million different things you can add. I can't wait to go back and try everything else on the menu. Tasty diner/homestyle food made with fresh and organic ingredients... Staff is super friendly and fun singing orders on the mic too. Another successful Hippie joint!
2	On a recent breakfast outing, we ventured up 7th Avenue to try the recently opened Two Hippies Breakfast Joint. The concept is the newest of the Two Hippies ventures, which seem to be popping up all over midtown. Breakfast offerings include standards like French toast and waffles, a coconut-crusted hot jam sandwich, and breakfast bowls. Lunch selections include burgers, sandwiches, hot dogs, and salads. Also available are vegan smoothies, an array of flavored lemonades, and the ever present soda fountain.  The breakfast bowl sounds pretty impressive- 3 eggs scrambled with a choice of 6 toppings selected from an extensive list of cheeses, veggies, sauces, and meats- but fell short of expectations. Three of us ordered the bowls, which come with Texas Toast and hash browns, and none of us were impressed. Sure, the scrambled egg mess was tasty, but the potatoes were bland, cubed, and definitely not hash browns. In short, the bowl is nothing special and it could have been done better at home.  Two Hippies do a few things right- the prices, the flavored lemonades, the waffle, and the mere existence of fried pickles on the menu. Unfortunately, there are so many more things that they need to improve here. The menu clearly states that lunch is served all day, but a request for lunch items was refused. All orders are packaged in to-go boxes, which is extremely wasteful. The dining area is so cluttered that it borders on claustrophobic. No credit/debit cards are accepted. Maybe they are still working out the kinks, which would explain things like messing up my order and taking ten minutes to find a knife for a customer.  The verdict? Two Hippies should have stuck with burgers and tacos. Breakfast is just not their forte.
3	After the much anticipated opening, I finally got to taste their goods. The menu looked really wonderful, the price was perfect, and the location walking distance from home (bonus!). The place is crowded with stuff and the decor made it feel even smaller than I think it actually is. As we waited for the food, my friends from Vermont pointed out, they sure love the styrofoam here- kinda weird for hippies. I started paying a little more attention and realized all the food was served in plastic or styrofoam to go boxes. Twice in the 40 minutes we were in there was the trash emptied. That can't be good for our bulging landfills. The food came very hot, but a little soggy from the steam built up in the box. Then I noticed two of our boxes had melted in places. Not wanting a side of cancer with my breakfast. This is a simple and inexpensive fix that would go a long way in my opinion. It has a lot of potential, but a few bugs to work out. I like the outdoor seating concept.
4	I am a Two Hippies groupie.  The owner and I are from Buffalo, so it's nice to see the Flutie jersey and memorablia from back home.Starving, after being sick for 4 days, I texted Tony A (@lightrailblog) to meet me for breakfast.  We toyed for a few momets, via text, on where to go.  I hadn't tried this place yet.  I used to live across the street from it and waited, with much anticipation, for it to open.  I waited for three months and finally got to go.Same type of ordering structure as the Beach House and Mushroom Burger places.I chose the bread pudding, fried pickles and of course a breakfast bowl.  You get 3 scrambled eggs and up to 6 toppings of your choice.  All is served over potatoes.  I chose sun-dried tomatoes, spinach, green onions, roasted garlic and monterey jack cheese.Our drinks and bread pudding were ready right away, so we dug in.   The bread pudding was really good, moist, and came with a side of icing.  Perfect starter (or dessert) for breakfast!Our bowls took about 15 minutes.  I knew there would be a wait, because everything was cooked to order.  The place was packed, but at least I had my bread pudding to munch on.  When the dill pickles and bowls were ready, we pigged the F out!  The toast was butter and chewy.  You could tell it was grilled.  Asked for ranch for my pickles and you could tell it was homemade ranch.  This wasn't Hidden Valley Ranch, no siree bob!I'm stuffed.  I have the leftovers in my fridge and can't wait to dig in later.Minus one star for the potatoes.  Not the best; not the worst.  I will definitely be back again, especially since there were hot firemen to stare at during my meal.Two Hippies Breakfast Joint FTW!!!
2	I arrived with high hopes. A few of us had just finished the Phoenix 10K and were excited for a the glutinous reward of a hearty breakfast. Having eaten at Two Hippies burgers and having seen the huge line at their Taco Shop, I wasn't expecting haute cuisine, but surely a tasty breakfast at a good price. Things started out well, but went downhill fast. The main item on their menu is a breakfast bowl, and the list of additions you can add is immense. The person taking our order immediately won me over by telling me we could order this as a breakfast burrito. I piled on the toppings and, still lightheaded with anticipation of our feast, threw in a side order of biscuits and gravy for good measure. When the food was ready, it was packaged "to go", which is how they serve all dishes at the restaurant. So, you're not exactly saving the world when you eat here, but that's another matter altogether. The biscuits and gravy was possibly the WORST interpretation of this dish I had ever seen. I can't stress this enough. The driest biscuit I had ever tried to drive a fork into, covered in what can only be called a sausage puree soup. Horrible. If that had been my entire meal, I would be giving this one star. I hate to labor the point, but someone at the establishment either needs to rethink this dish or just take it off the menu. The burrito was just OK. It was filled with all of the ingredients I had asked for. It was hot. But, it really lacked any flavor and the salsa provided was watery and bland. I ended up putting chili sauce on each bite to give it some flavor. Long story short, I was very disappointed. I walked in with expectations of at least a decent breakfast, but Two Hippies totally missed for me. I can't imagine I'll be back.
1	So after the Phoenix 10k we decided to check this new joint out. Btw, my performance on the run was pretty pathetic. Anywho, the restaurant was in this old shopping center, the ones that have parking really close to the road. You had to order at the counter and choose where ever you wanted to sit. There was quite a big outside seating area in the back of the joint. We started off with biscuits & gravy. It was disgusting. Its like someone opened a can of gravy they probably serve at a nursing home and poured it on pretty sad looking biscuits. For breakfast I ordered a breakfast burrito with six toppings on it; sausage, cheddar cheese, jalapenos, ham, onions, and peppers. Even with all those toppings the burrito was quite small and pretty bland in taste. The decor was pretty hippyish...no surprise...I liked it. Won't go back or recommend it to anyone.
2	It happens every season of top chef.  Some perfectly amazing chef forgets to salt his dish (or over/undercooks it, etc..) and we go from an awesome idea to getting booted off the show. That's how I felt at THBJ.  A breakfast bowl that grossly lacked salt.  Potatoes where half were cooked perfectly and half were undercooked.  And, oh yeah, putting hot oily food in a plastic container so that the oil eats through the plastic and you don't realize that half your food is essentially touching the (not terribly clean) table.  YUCK!!!! After reading that last line, you might wonder: Why in the world did she give it two whole stars?  What can I say, i'm a sucker for a place called a breakfast joint.  (But, who creates a breakfast joint that doesn't serve breakfast all day?  Really?)
1	So,I figure I'm going to see what this hippy bag is all about.I get there after breakfast,but before a full on lunch or brunch crowd.Maybe 16 people there in various forms of order status.Some have their food,some are waiting,some haven't decided.There's only one person ahead of me to order.No big.Until I realize she must be ordering War and Peace word for word,because for whatever reason, it was taking well over 5 minutes for the lady behind the counter to actually transcribe and place her order.I get ready to leave as another staffer pops up to take my order.Cheeseburger and fries to go...Simple...No questions asked,money has been taken,and now I sit and wait.And wait.And wait.And wait.I've looked at the decor and the denizens for about 20 minutes at this point.At the 25 minute mark they call my name.I get to where I need to be and proceed to partake of this cheddar cheese burger and fries...The burger was smothered in all sorts of crap like sauteed onions,tomatos and such.You'd think for all the fancy dress it would have tasted like something.Anything.Nope.It had to be the blandest thing I've ever eaten.I was mystified.How could there be all this crap on this thing and it not taste like anything?The fries were crinkle cut and brought back nightmares of growing up in a household where the crinkle cut fries from a bag were a weekly menu item.Mom never was handy when it came to food preperation.Everything tasted like grey matter.So I guess this hippy foray should have not been so alien to me.Anyhoo,it's now a day later and it's amazing how a burger and fries that taste like nothing has been able to wreak havoc on my digestive system.I woke up this morning by my stomach turning and have been relegated to the bathroom ever since.It's really nice outside,so once my body is done being really annoyed with me for waiting 25 minutes for  bland burger that took it's revenge on me 16 hours later,maybe I'll go out to stock up on Pepto Bismol.Sorry Two Hippies......I wanted to really dig your gig,but I can't groove on the move.
2	two hippies finally jumped the sharkbandwagoners, please disembarkserve "breakfast" now  (quotation marks)at Two Hippies Breakfast Jointi can tolerate their burgersand I hate to be the baggerwielding keyboard as my daggerbut I need to make my pointbranding brains, have set the barbut kitsch can only go so farand i can only give two starsthough some yelpers still anointhippies as the second comingbut must say, that I was bummingwhen my breakfast burro, runnyegged me past my brekkie point even though you're pretty cheapwould rather pay much more to eatgood food, bisquits & gravy's, beathippies, you disappointlike fonzie, on his water skisjumps shark, a link, so you can seehttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpraJYnbVtEeven ron howard, as richie, c'sthe demarcation pointstick with your burgers, pluck the eggsyour pizza? toss.  also the dregsmore concepts? dudes, i humbly begno! (exclamation point)
1	like your scrambled eggs toasty brown, dry and greasy? or smoothies made with flavored syrup instead of actual fruit? then you've found your place! expect a long wait though!
1	Usually I don't publically comment on other people's food, but I stopped in at Two Hippies on 7th avenue for breakfast and it was awful.  I ordered the Hot Jam because it sounded interesting.Seriously... one doesn't serve a sandwich that's burnt on one side (and I mean black char burnt and they served it burnt side down so you didn't see it until you picked it up) to a guest unless you're just freakin lazy and don't care about the quality of your food. The description also didn't match the sandwich. Not one sliver of coconut to be found.And what's with all of the grease? It was a bit much when it drips off stuff.Just some common sense - don't serve the food if 1) its freakin BURNT and 2) don't serve it if it doesn't match the description on the menu without warning the guest.It's not rocket science Two Hippies. It's a grilled sandwich.
2	The food and atmosphere were great. It was disappointing to see the styrofoam and plastic for dine in. My bacon was on styrofoam. The bacon was so hot that the styrofoam was burnt. Was I then eating it in my bacon?  I will never eat there again unless this changes. What happened to being conscious about the environment. Most downtown businesses are environmentally friendly.
3	WAH! I really really wanted to like this place. We had been waiting months in anticipation of it opening. We walked in and the place is a wee bit crowded with all the stuff around and hard to navigate. First off, what breakfast place does not serve decaf coffee or at least offer a decaf tea??? The front counter person nodded to some lady behind the counter and told me "She doesn't believe in decaffeinated drinks". I ordered corned beef hash with eggs over easy. The dish comprised of two eggs, two pieces of undertoasted bread, 90% potatoes and 10% corned beef. The beef was yummy however not enough of it. The potatoes - blah, white and undercooked! My counterpart ordered a breakfast bowl. They say it comes with hashed browns but really it comes with undercooked small chopped potatoes. There were six toppings involved that were tasty. However I think they must cook their ingredients in margarine or fake butter. The taste was really off. In fact, we returned it and had them re-make the dish. Still was not so good. The coffee was blah. Also, why does everything come in giant plastic and styrofoam wear? Aren't hippies earth conscious? Their decorations all looked to be recycled so why don't they do the same with their serving dishes?  At least have a recycling trash can available for patrons.The service was great - the guy at the counter was funny and great natured! The free soup was yummy. The brownie was good. Turn time was good.  Price was good. Heck, I would be willing to pay an extra buck or two on dishes if it meant improved quality. WHY WHY WHY did it have to be so bad when so many elements were good????We are going to stick with the Phoenix Ranch Market and their breakfast burritos cooked fresh in front of you (back of store).  4 eggs, homeade tortilla,  fresh ingredients mixed in for around $3.  You can't beat that.  To top it off they have fresh juice and a beautiful bakery.  It's a great way to practice your Spanish too.  Awesome service!
1	Looks like a lot of people had the same horrible experience with this place that we did.We decided to try it one Sunday for a change of pace, hoping we'd find a great new breakfast option on the weekend.  What a huge disappointment.The menu offer too many options for the breakfast bowl.  Some people may like all these choices, but I personally would rather have an experienced Chef make the flavor choices for me at a restaurant.  We ordered some pancakes with eggs and a side of corn beef hash upon the recommendation of the cashier.  Unfortunately after ordering, we discovered that they didn't take credit cards and the cashier pointed me to an ATM.  I guess it's might fault for not looking on the door, but it's just almost a given in any modern food joints, with the exception, of say, the Mexican hot dog carts you see around town.  Anyway, that just rubbed us wrong and we scrambled to come up with the cash to pay.Enough has been already been said about the styrofoam plates.  The food was a disaster.  The hash was ICE COLD! It was like someone took it out of the freezer and barely put it on the grill.  Seeing as there was no server, I immediately took it back to the cashier.  He looked annoyed at our reasonable request, but agreed to have it remade.  When I got back to the table, I realized that one of my pancakes was burnt.  I mean black.  I don't know how the cook could have missed that they burnt their food like this before sending it out.  Either they don't know what they are doing or simply don't care.  I feel like it is more the latter.   If I wanted burnt pancakes, I'd have my dad come over to make them.  Overall the food is pretty flavorless and nothing worth making a trip out of your home for.  I think I've had better breakfasts at Jack in the Box.
3	I went to Two Hippies Breakfast Joint open-minded the other day... I was in the area and jonesing for some healthy but filling breakfast food.  Conveniently located just off 7th Ave between Indian School and Camelback, I pulled in when I saw the place and joined just a handful of other peeps inside.First of all, the ambiance of this place is right on with their name... very hippy like.  Adorning the walls are all kinds of posters including the likes of Grateful Dead, Animal House, Rocky Horror Picture Show, Led Zeppelin, and even one of Bob Marley smoking a big fat jizzoint.  There are also license plates from all over the country, an old school pinball machine, and some bicycles.The staff was super friendly - it's the type of place where you order at the counter and they call your name when your food is ready.  I looked at the menu and debated between doing a breakfast bowl and a bowl of oatmeal with a side of scrambled egg whites.  My decision was made when I was told that indeed the oatmeal is not the instant kind.  And they even served it with soy milk and blueberries per my request.  My dining companion went with a breakfast bowl burrito style and was happy with his order too...The only negative (which I now see is in some of the previous reviews) is that it was disappointing to eat in and have our meals served on styrofoam... not only is it not so enjoyable to eat on styrofoam, but it's very un-hippylike!  It's worth noting that this place has more than just breakfast - they also have burgers, hot dogs, sandwiches, and salads... and they have free soup daily!This place was better than the reviews reflect, especially for the price.  I would definitely return but since it's a bit out of my 3 mile radius, it may not be for awhile.  That should give them enough time to switch out the styrofoam!
2	Why oh why, Two Hippies Breakfast, must you refuse to be the awesome restaurant I had hoped for?  I can walk to you after multiple visits I am unable to force myself to visit you again...  You have a very large menu but have chosen quantity over quality.  I have eaten your burgers, sandwiches, eggs and biscuits and gravy and all of them were incredibly mediocre.  Nothing stood out, everything seemed to take too long to prepare and about 50% of the time at least one thing was wrong with the order.  Often not everything is as hot as it should be, once there were soggy and undercooked fries and another time I was given an overcooked burger.  I also can't believe that "Two Hippies" like you would decided to use the amount of old school styrofoam for plates that is in turn dumped into our landfills... how about washable dishes, recycled paper plates or something along those lines?  Stop by a restaurant like Green or Pita Jungle, Two Hippies and take note - of their dishware as well as the quality of their food.
1	I was really hoping this restaurant would be good as I support only local businesses.  Unfortunately, after giving this place 2 chances I am very disappointed and what I witnessed in the kitchen I can only give this 1 star. I also agree with many of the other Yelpers comments about this place.  The first time I tried this place was 4 months ago when it was fairly new.I had asked if  I could get a breakfast burrito using the breakfast bowl choices 'to go'.  " No problem"  the cheery gentleman said.       Uh...Problem.  The large tortilla was very stale and the ingredients were rather mushy and bland.   But everyone and (every place) deserves a 2nd chance, right?  So, a few months later I decided  to give it one more try. When I arrived this past Saturday about 8:45 a.m. the place was quite busy.  I waited patiently at the counter for my order and  had a good view of the kitchen.   What I observed was not pretty.  One cook did not wear gloves and was taking slices of bread out of the wrapper, touching the order tickets then placing the slices back inside the plastic wrap.  The other cook who was wearing gloves seemed to be either brand new or confused on what he was doing.  The guy that was ringing up orders (handling money) went back to see why orders were taking so long and tried to help out.  He actually picked up a clean metal spoon by the scoop part and began scooping berries out of a large plastic tub. (not my order...)My food did arrive piping hot and cooked by the guy with gloves on. If it wasn't for the fact that I watched every single move he made to ensure he handled the food safely I would have cancelled my order. This time the eggs were fluffy and the ingredients were ample but the dish tasted bland. Nothing that a little salsa, and pepper couldn't cure. As other Yelpers have commented, the use of styrofoam plates, and plasticware is unacceptable .  Why not use foil or paper-based products which are biodegradable or recyclable?  For people dining in, use regular dishes (Don't they have water and a dishwasher????) I will not return to this place due to the multiple health code violations I witnessed plus overall mediocre food.   I wanted to talk with the owner or manager about what I witnessed but they were so busy and I just wanted to leave as quickly as possible.  BTW-  I did contact Maricopa County Environmental Services. Hopefully they will do an unannounced visit very soon.  I will not even bother trying their other restaurants.
2	We went to Two Hippies Breakfast Joint with the hopes that we had found another great breakfast destination.  Unfortunately, there is really nothing unique or special about the food we ate.The staff is friendly, the menu is massive. We ordered a breakfast bowl and stuffed french toast.  Additionally, I added a vegan smoothie.  Several disappointments followed:First, the potatoes were undercooked and completely under seasonedSecond, the "bowl" was a flat omelet with the 6 ingredients sparsely distributed throughout. Third, the "vegan smoothie" was a slushy with flavored syrup and large chunks of ice.  When ordering and paying $3 for a smoothie, my expectation was that there would be fresh fruit and some source of protein in it. Not true here. The biggest disappointment was the use of plastic utensils and non biodegradable disposable plates. Not Cool. The food was ok.  If we come back, we will bring our own utensils and lower our expectations.
4	I've been saying for months that I wanted to try out Two Hippies, so when I got a coupon in the mail right before father's day I knew it was meant to be. I threw on my best tie dye and packed up the family not knowing what to expect after reading previous reviews. All I can say, is that I totally disagree with all the other reviews about the quality of the food and service. This place rocks!First off, I love the decor and the ambiance! There is so much to look at that waiting for your food to come out is actually fun. They play great music - mostly classic rock, and the staff were all very friendly and accommodating to my freakish diet needs. I loved that their microphone system had the "hippy" voice filter that sounds like you're in a glass of water. Kind of hard to explain, but it was really funny.The food we had was great - and let it be known that I am very picky about my breakfast since the hubby makes a mean fry up. I got the breakfast bowl, which isn't actually a bowl - more like a bare burrito made of eggs and potatoes. It was perfect - not too salty, generous portions, and the ingredients tasted fresh. We got the strawberry smoothie for my daughter and she loved it! I have never seen her sit so still or quiet at a restaurant. She just sat there sucking down her smoothie and grooving to the tunes. I almost forgot what it was like to have a nice meal in public without having to corral a pre-schooler the whole time!The hubby got a giant waffle with bacon and potatoes, and he was sold on this place. Again, he's a tough critic on breakfast since that's his signature meal, but his comments were the same as mine. Fresh, not overly salted, and overall just nice down home cookin'. As for the comments about Styrofoam plates and plastic utensils, I noticed that they have a little sign that says they use biodegradable and recyclable cutlery and plates. I looked on the bottom of my "Styrofoam" plate, and yep, there is was - the little arrows with a number in the middle which means it's a recyclable material. Not sure if this is a new thing, but I beg everyone who complained about this in their reviews to give them another chance and actually take a look at their plates. Sure, it might be better to have real plates and spoons, but if their operation isn't set up to accommodate dishes and washing, then recycling is the next best thing in my mind. They have a bin for cans to recycle, a basket for your plastic utensils to recycle, and used recyclabled material for their napkins. C'mon people, give the Two Hippes a break. We will be back, and I'll be trying out all their other locations for sure.
2	I had a coupon for a $2.99 breakfast and can't say it was even worth that much.  I had eggs (which were good), toast (fine), bacon (way overcooked), sausage (wrinkled little meat things that were over cooked too), and potatoes (black spots and tasted horrible).  My kids had pancakes which they said were really good (thus the reason for 2 stars).  Since I only paid $3 for this meal, and I was hungry by the time I got it, I didn't take it back, which I should have.  I noticed I was not the only one here who was very disappointed with their food.The atmosphere is great and fun, but the food should be their number one concern.
4	I'm a Two Hippies fan either at the Burger Place or the Taco Stand.  So, I really wanted to try the Breakfast Joint.  I ordered the corned beef hash & eggs; loved the hash; but was a bit too salty; so I mixed it with the eggs & potatoes that the dish came with and it was great.  They have fried green tomatoes on the menu; when this location was another restaurant; I used to go to the restaurant for fried green tomatoes.  I'm very excited to order them (but was warned to call before hand; because it's hard to get fried green tomatoes year round); I''m willing to take my chances instead of going to Lucille's in Tempe.
2	Ah, Two Hippies, I wanted to love you.  Your decor, fantastic! Your prices, wonderful! But your food, not so great. I went for breakfast, of course.  I had a coupon for two eggs, bacon and sausage, hash browns and toast for 2.99.  You can't beat that.  But you can - by making your own at home.  I ordered eggs over easy - they came over hard.  The hash browns tasted like frozen hash browns (and not very good ones at that).  They were mealy tiny cubes and not very hot.  Can't they spice 'em up a bit?  Or cook them longer or buy better quality frozen hash browns.  The bacon was crispy but definitely tasted like it had been cooked much earlier and was just sitting in some pan waiting.  Now the sausage was good but I don't eat much sausage so who knows.  The bread was very tasty.  You don't get a choice of bread and I didn't think I'd finish the huge fluffy yellow-hued slice but it was sweet and fluffy and hard to resist especially in light of the rest of the food on the plate.  The wait time from when I ordered and when I got the food made me think I was going to get some tasty piping hot food fiesta, but no. I say, save your money and cook breakfast at home.  People getting lunch looked pretty happy though so they're probably worth checking out for lunch.
5	I went in on a Saturday morning around 9:30 after a 5k run... so I was starving! The food was amazing! I ordered the pancakes... 3 huge pancakes with eggs and hash browns for $5.50. I had my food in about 7 - 10 minutes and was not disappointed! The eggs were cooked perfectly, the pancakes tasted like I made them at home. This is a great place for a good, cheap breakfast if you are in the area. I will definitely be back!!
3	I was mildly apprehensive based on the mixed reviews I've read...This Two Hippies is a a nondescript strip mall with a small sign on 7th ave.  Being that it was the day of the Race For The Cure & business was to be elevated, I would have hoped for them to put out additional signage in order to lead people right to them (like the a-frame sign I saw sitting behind the counter)  but.. you know whatever.The counter staff was friendly and coffee magically appeared literally within 15 seconds of ordering it. Lots of choices for the breakfast. I got the Waffle combo with crispy hash browns.  Mind you I was bummed when my hash browns came out the opposite of crispy & if you want to get picky they are not hash browns, but instead are breakfast potatoes.  My friend got a breakfast bowl, which to both of our confusions did not come in a bowl?!?  The waffle was pretty good & her toast looked to be a yummy thick cut egg bread.  I heard many of the complaints about the plastic and styrofoam usage here.  They appear to have heard it too because there is a sign at the register stating that they use some sort of "earth friendly" version.  I wasn't entirely put off by the plates, but the cutlery proved to be the enemy to both my friend and I.   The small cut of the potatoes was near impossible to get on the tiny tines of the small plastic fork which (much to my amusement) lead my friend to enter a battle to keep the food on the fork long enough to make it to her mouth.  I quit laughing however when it came time for me to eat my waffle.  My waffle refused to submit easily to the wimpy plastic knife and lame-o fork.  It became a battle of endurance trying to fight the tiny, flimsy cutlery and slippery plastic plate as my waffle flailed around while trying to be cut into bites.The decor is amusing, for sure enough to keep you entertained for a couple visits.  I couldn't tell if it was the fact I had just done a 3+ mile walk on less than 3 hours of sleep and I was a little loopy, but I believe their intercom system had a voice changer on it which made it sound like that trippy 70's psychedelic movie voice.I heard good things in line about the stuffed french toast, and apparently their salsa is pretty good. I'll definitely give them another try, there were enough things on the menu that caught my attention & the prices are reasonable.  As we were eating breakfast a group of cops came in to enjoy a meal as well.  That is always a good sign, cops know the city and in turn they know where the good cheap food is. So chances are if you see a large group of cops eating a meal at a particular eatery then it is a place worth checking out.
2	the name is slightly misleading because they also now serve lunch, which is likely a mistake. we called in an order and i had difficulty finding the place because signage is bad and the location is difficult to find. however when i got there, the staff was very friendly and promptly handed me my order and i was on my way. when i got back to the office the food was barely warm (i didn't have to go far, but i'll take partial blame for ordering take-out to begin with) which told me it was ready waaaay before they told me it would be. the fries were flavorless, and my jalapeno chili veg burger was not the least bit spicy. kinda disappointing. it also was supposed to come with some sort of "sunshine" sauce but my order had none while a colleague's did. i was overly underwhelmed.
1	sriracha and Tabasco are your only hopes at hippies--Bland, greasy and undercooked potato dice--coffee quality (like everything else here) is piss-poor--pancakes from a box, agave syrup doesn't do much--plastic plates and utensils ruin whatever's left, like a fly-infested bowl of potato mush at the neighborhood pot luck, now scooped to mouth with a flimsy twist of soft sporkage. --regular commercial radio accompanies...with commercialsMISS IT
3	I like this place and have been here multiple times. I consider this a basic breakfast menu...eggs over easy, corned beef hash, pancakes, french toast. Nothing fancy, but a local neighborhood hang out, and in this context I think Two Hippies is great! I love the relaxed atmosphere and the friendly staff. Service is fast and good and I have never had to wait for a table. If I want fancy food...well, then I go someplace else...if I want stick-to-the-bones breakfast someplace I am comfortable first thing in the morning (dressed in whatever), Two Hippies is high on my list.
3	I didn't think Two Hippies Breakfast Joint was as bad as the reviews led me to believe it would be. If you're going to order their main offering, I think your experience is going to depend entirely on how you put together your breakfast bowl. If you're a carnivore, I suggest you limit your order to 1 type of breakfast meat, then load up on the veggies. Also, the green sauce brings a depth of flavor and some much-needed moisture to your bowl.You're not going to have the best meal of your life here, but it's worth a try, especially if, like me, you prefer breakfast over lunch or dinner.
4	I really don't understand all the bad reviews for this place.  I love coming here.  The food is always tasty and satisfying.  I usually get the French toast if I'm in the mood for breakfast or the coleslaw veggie burger if I'm feeling like lunch.  The fruity lemonade is also a tasty treat - every flavor I've tried has been delicious.  I have no complaints about the quality of the food or service.I'm not crazy about not getting real plates and silverware, but the stuff they use is biodegradeable.  They have a really nice patio out back which is a lovely place to enjoy breakfast outside with your friends or lover on a nice morning.  Coming here is a great way to spend a weekend morning.  Definitely a cut above places like Denny's and IHOP.
4	This place is sweet. They are not big on china, glassware or silverware. They use recycled products plates, plastic-ware and drinks in the container they come in (ie a coke in a coke can). The ambiance is awesome. Sweet and funny signs everywhere, reading material, classic rock playing. They only have the radio on but there always seem to be great songs on! They have a large patio out back that is difficult to see from the front but is really nice on a sunny morning. I haven't gotten past the breakfast bowls yet. $6 for 6 toppings, potatoes, buttered toast, and jam. Go ahead and eat carnivore, omnivore or herbivore style (not sure if there are vegan options). Seriously, this $6 breakfast bowl would be $12 at other places served on fine china and with silverware! I don't care about accoutrements like that. Especially when the food is so tasty.The location, midway point of the Melrose District, is stellar. You can spend hours walking up and down looking at retro shops and cool little places. Two Hippies sets a perfect tone for hanging out on 7th Ave!
1	Bad can get worse, Two Hippies started out OK with the burger shop and taco shop but everything else is not worth your time. Pizza and breakfast isn't where Hippies should be. Service was OK for a hippie, Food less then average. I'm glad to have had experienced it, that way i wont ever go back
3	I am trying not to let the bad press or a friend's huge fan love sway my review. Therefore, this breakfast joint is middle of the road. When a friend first mentioned heading here for lunch, I was curious, and after reading reviews. I was scared. But I trust said friend, and allowed myself to be led in blindly to another Two Hippies joint. Here are items that were factored into this 3-star rating:** First and foremost, I didn't love it, but I most certainly didn't hate it either. If someone wanted to go back, I would agree. There are a few more things on the menu that intrigue me enough to want to try them.** I didn't like the decor as much as their pizza joint. It was too much on the stoner side of hippie.. to a nauseating degree. Then there was this random old stove that didn't scream hippie at all. I personally prefer happy hippie. Oooh now there's an awesome alliteration. And another. BAM!** The green chile burger I got was pretty damn good. I wish the heat was kicked up a few notches, but it was solid. I was so pleased I nearly swallowed that thing whole.** They have the lemonade I love. I tried mango this time. Not as good as blood orange, but still solid.** I did not find the breakfast menu so appealing I wanted it instead of lunch. This was a disappointment. I also heard they don't serve breakfast all day, though one of the people I was dining with did get breakfast. I think we were there around 1pm if I remember correctly.** The fries were terrible. I love crinkle fries but these were so dry I was unable to enjoy them. Fries aren't supposed to be healthy. Give me the grease. Even adding sauce to them (I tried sriracha) did no good. I will never have fries there again.
4	I have been here twice to get the bacon cheeseburger w/fries for $6 and thoroughly  it enjoyed it both times. I also had their black tea ( free refills ) and it was very refreshing and delicious. My daughter had the chicken fried steak and eggs and she was a happy girl. The gentleman in the store that helped us was super friendly and very helpful.
4	After seeing the ludicrous lines out the door at Matt's Big Breakfast, I found myself driving without much direction in the pursuit of breakfast in a city I'd never been to in my life before.  Google maps led me to Two Hippies, and I'm certainly glad it did.  Instead of street parking, long lines, and smug diners enjoying your wait times, I found a cozy, quiet, and after my experience, a fascinatingly uncrowded restaurant instead, with awesome food and no wait.The interior is full of crap all over the walls, but there is a theme to it all; to its namesake, it's all relatively hippie-era stuff, and I can dig all the Ramones posters as well as old stoner groups.  As mentioned, it was quiet on a Saturday morning, but I'm not complaining because it meant that I didn't have to wait to order my breakfast burrito bowl to the friendly staff.  I ordered bacon and chorizo, with spinach, tomato and onion.The food came out fast, and the portions were generous.  Certainly a very favorable portion versus cost to the consumer.  It looked like a gigantic omelette on top of tasty home fries, but no less delicious.  And it was.  Adding bacon to anything is always a risk, because so many places scrimp on the bacon, the flavor is minimal or non-existent, but Two Hippies did neither of such.  There was plenty of bacon and its flavor, and everything was fantastic.  Adding some Sriacha red rooster sauce was unnecessary, but also enhancing.As mentioned, the cost was great for the amount of food received, the staff friendly, the atmosphere warm and cozy, no wait, easy parking, and an overall great experience.  This traveler was very pleased by Two Hippies.
3	The atmosphere is super fun, the food is ok. Overall a fun place to go for breakfast!
4	I love this place for breakfast, its not frills, but the decor an atmosphere is fantastic.  I had been to one of the other 2 hippies places and they told me about this place.  I am so glad I was introduced to this place and it is somewhere I will go back to.
3	My French toast and eggs were good, but the plastic plates and silverware get poor marks for sustainability.
3	Pleasantly surprised when me and my friends found this place while visiting Phoenix from LA for the weekend. Good prices, good food, and I absolutely love the vibe there!
2	I love the Two Hippies restaurants. And I love breakfast. So I REALLY wanted to love this place. BUT I just can't. Love the decor and the friendly service. And the menu looked awesome. The main menu item is breakfast in either a burrito or 'bowl' form. I ordered a bowl with the flour tortilla on the side expecting to get a burrito sized tortilla since that's what I would have gotten if ordering the burrito. Got me? Instead I got one taco sized tortilla.  And I do mean ONE TACO SIZED. Tiny. Really??!! Hmmmm. Should've ordered the burrito I guess. I was the only one in the restaurant and was sweating profusely as they did not have the AC running on this very hot day. Hmmmm... Guess they're trying to save money since it's dead in there??!!  After horking down my greasy mediocre plate, hurrying to escape the heat, I was left wondering what would make me come back here out of all the other wonderful choices we have in this area. And, sadly, the answer is nothing. I love supporting locally owned businesses and especially love all the hippies locations. Except for this one.  Bummer.
4	This place has changed the way they do things a little bit. First of all, they're giving you real plates and silverware now. Second, they have waitstaff that comes to the tables, not just counter service. I think they are changing the name to Melrose Diner too.Same great food, but it's nice that they are upping the service a little more!
4	Good breakfast spot
3	I think their vegan smoothie had milk in it
