4	Fairly new place.  Food is really good for a Chinese Take Out place.  I enjoy their orange chicken and Lo-Mein.Place is great because of the staff, they're really friendly.  I would recommend.
4	Decent Chinese food for a good price.  Not a big fan of the fried rice, but the lettuce wraps are awesome
4	I used to live just up the road and this was a go to spot for my family.  Food is very tasty and priced appropriately.  Hot and sour soup can be difficult to get right but they have it down.  It's a great soup if you feel a cold coming on and want to clear out the sinuses.  This is a must try if you live in the area.
4	Quick, easy, yummy takeout. Try the veggie lo mein...
3	Was in the mood for some noodles and pork fried rice last night, so I stopped by Pumi for some carry-out.Fried rice was good, but the pork was lacking in flavor.  Guess I was expecting bbq pork.  The chicken lo mein was very salty.  So much soy sauce in it that the chicken actually looked like beef.  Not sure if it was just this one batch or not, but for today, they get the "A-OK" rating.I'll revisit and try some other dishes soon.
2	I wasn't too impressed. The spicy chicken wasn't spicy (to my standard) and seemed kind bland. I may try something else next time and see if my opinion changes.
5	We decided to try this last night after having a bad experience with XO. The food was really good (walnut shrimp are amazing!) and delivered fast with coupons for next time. The chicken in all of the dishes is plentiful and good sized pieces that are very tender...not some scarce little chewy pieces like you normally get in Chinese food.  The lo mein noodles are thicker than normal spaghetti sized lo mein and very yummy. Will definitely order from them again.
2	We were trying to be adventurous and expand our work lunch rotation.  We went here and ordered their specials.  The food portions were OK.  I got the Chicken and Broccoli lunch special.   A little bit more chicken would've been nice.Food came fast and the lady that helped us was nice.  The only issue was we left and were still hungry!
3	Been here a few times. Excellent location since it's minutes away from my house. First trip I ordered the beef broccoli lunch special. Great value but the fried rice was a bit bland. Second time I was sick a friend of mines got me the won ton soup. I like the broth but the wonton wrapper was not cooked all the way through and the texture was very doughy. Third trip I ordered the Kung pao chicken lunch special and again speedy service and great value. I will definitely come back for the lunch specials only.
4	Came here because it was close to where I was staying. I was greeted by the lady at the counter. I ordered the Pumi chow fun and egg drop soup for takeout. I waited for about 5 min for my order and received a friendly "thank you!" as I picked it up. My food was hot and ready to eat, but no utensils in the bag! Luckily I went home so used my own. The egg-drop soup was a bit salty for my preference, however the chow-fun was super delicious! Just be careful of the spicy mustard that comes with the food.. I love hot food, but that mustard could clear the nose of a gorilla with severe nasal congestion, haha!
1	OK.... I'm surprised at the good reviews on here, maybe I was just there on a off night? I passed by this place several times but never tried it, I usually get China-A-Go-Go instead, but decided to try Pumi to see if it's better.I walked in around 7 pm on a Thursday, the place was empty. That should've been my first sign I guess. I see that they have the usual Family Dinner A/B like all Chinese take out place have, which is usually what I get. So I got a Family dinner A stay with my usuals and see how Pumi tastes - with ChowMein-crispy noodles and Sweet Sour Pork. The food was ready about 10 minutes. We drove 5 minutes to get home and the real surprise was when we started eating the food.Soup - Egg Drop soup, was very small, half the size of what you get from other close by Chinese take out places.Appetizers - 2 eggrolls and 2 crab ragoons, which was shaped like pot-stickers, which caught me by surprise when I bite into it, expecting it to be a pot-sticker, instead got a mouthful of cream cheese.Pork Fried Rice - looked really good on the plate but until you taste it, it had no flavor at all, it's like they forgot to salt in there.Entrees - Sweet Sour Pork - this is the first place that I've gotten a sweet sour pork where they did not separate the sauce and fried meat. It was coated in drippy (not thick) sauce in one single container. So after my 5 minute drive home,  the meat was already soggy.Chow Mein crispy noodles - correct me if I'm wrong but I was thinking the pan-fried crispy noodles that's shaped like a round dish and you put some gravy meat and vegetables on top of the noodles?? Perhaps it was my misunderstanding but this came as 1 box of stir fried chicken and veggies and 1 small snack sized ziplock bag of store-bought fried noodles in a can. Come on! That's hardly a noodle entree dish.Everything tastes bland and no flavor... I had to add salt to everything and normally I do not salt any of my take out food! And I didn't even get fortune cookies.  This has to be the worse Chinese takeout place near this neighborhood, the only good thing was the egg drop soup - which is hard to mess up. Hubby usually goes back for second plate and he did not even do that with Pumi's food. That's how disappointing this place is to me. I think I'll just stick with my usual China-A-Go-Go.
4	These guys rock for good delivery Chinese. I have had them deliver 3 times and they are fast. The food is good too. I like the mu shui chicken the best.I have tried about 8 different items on the menu and haven't had a bad choice yet. Good standard for movie nights at home. If pizza is getting old, this is my goto. Hope you like it too!
5	Great service!
5	Tried this place per a friend's recommendation while I was in town and it's solid Chinese food. Healthy. No MSG!! Service is very friendly.
4	We tried this a a friend's recommendation, one whom had spent years living in China and FINALLY some good New York style Chinese in Vegas! You can really  tell they are buying quality ingredients, which is obvious from the generous lean white meat chicken - not "typical" chewy stuff you usually get in Vegas. Vegetables actually cooked until tender rather than rushed in the wok & still raw like other quick serve. This place is worth the 4 mile drive from my house & giving up delivery by the impostors nearby!!!!  Ordered Hot and Sour Soup which was really hot, Chicken Lo Mein and Chicken and Broccoli in brown sauce.  We plan on trying fried rice, Pepper Steak and Kung Pao next time.  Only downfall is getting the staff better trained.
4	For what it is, this was great.  American chinese place, locally owned, near us that puts out good fast food.  We ordered to pick up and it was ready in 10 minutes.  After driving by a lot I was impressed with how nice it looked inside, the cashier was incredibly nice.  We ordered a family meal that included two entree options.  We chose general tso's chicken and mongolian beef and also got two egg rolls, two crab rangoons, soup of your choice and steamed or pork fried rice.  The crab rangoons might have been the best I've ever had.  Lots of filling, very flavorful.  Everything else was pretty much as you would expect.  Good flavor, good sauces.  The only down side was the hot and sour soup we got was too smoky for us, not sure how that happened.  Anyway, typical American-Chinese fare, good service, clean store, we will be back next time we are feeling nice and lazy.
2	been here a few times... pretty mediocre stuff. I think I would rather have Panda Express, but its a toss up
3	enjoyed a lunch special.   Just not awesome enough.
5	Most places makes lemon chicken like sweet and sour chicken.  Pumi does it right, it's a a strip of chicken breast deep fried and then cut into strips with lemon sauce.  I really enjoy the Mongolian Beef and Lemon Chicken.  Best dishes ever!  I can't compliment on the lunch portion as I only order dinner portion all the time.  That's how good it is to me.
1	Pretty standard American-Chinese food. Nothing special. Went here to pick up dinner for the fam. The young girl behind the counter was nice, but there were 3 older women in the kitchen (which is completely visible from the register) who were yelling at one another in the back and fighting which was completely awkward/uncomfortable to sit thru when I was waiting for my order.
1	Not good. I've been here three times. I had it tonight and it was terrible! In the past I have had fried rice, chow mien, lo mien, fried wontons, broccoli beef, sweet and sour pork, and some chicken thing I can't remember the name of. Everything I have had was terrible! The fried rice is pathetic. It has almost no flavor and is not really fried (despite asking for it to be hard fried).  I had the fried wontons. Horrible! They were soggy and the inside was gooey. There was more wonton wrapper then filling. The sweet and sour pork is flavorless. They put a ton of green bell peppers in mine I guess to add flavor but it didn't help. So when you have bad Chinese food you can at least pour soy sauce on it to get some flavor. Not their soy sauce. It was watered down so much I had to use my own from home. Of course can't rate the service because nobody speaks any English. I'm sorry I don't mean to be rude but you should at least know what I'm saying when I ask for hot sauce. All in all this place is not good. I will not be back. I would rather eat at Panda Express, unfortunately.
3	My wife and I order from here every now and then when we're in the mood for chinese.  I haven't noticed a difference in quality from here to China-a-go-go, or even New York Chinese in Summerlin. Maybe I'm not as much of a Chinese Food Connoisseur as I thought I was after reading other people's reviews, but it's close to our house and decently priced.  Nice food portions too, so we always have left overs, which I think is a plus.
1	never order here again... everything ordered was sub par and hardly edible... how to you screw up hot and sour soup, or fried rice????????  like basic chinese food...
1	Horrible customer service. A gentleman walks in and asks for two spareribs and will pay any reasonable price and the girl said no. Sad, sad. Then I ask for one extra hot sauce for my take out order and was told no. Really, it's just hot sauce.
1	Below par food. Wontons and Eggrolls were stale. Fried Rice had zero flavor. Probably not coming back.
1	DON'T GO HERE! I stopped by here not to long ago because there is no other Chinese food near me like this one and let me say the food was TERRIBLE! I bought orange chicken and fried rice, the chicken was BURNED and it had NO sauce. The rice was even more disgusting it had NO FLAVOR and they just added soy sauce to the steamed rice ugh! Never ate Chinese food done in such a LAZY way!
4	Chinese Fast food. best to order to-go. Clean and Simple. Prices are cheap. Real Chinese people making Chinese food.
2	I chose this place because it is so close to my home. Unfortunately the food was not good at all. Not much taste and the sesame chicken was super tough. The lo mein was okay. And the wontons were pretty bland and a little softer than other places. I will not be eating here again. I threw most of it away.
5	Always great service!!I personally got to know the original owners! But these guys are equally great people! Service is always good! The food?  I love it!! Specially the Lomis! Never gets old to me! I'll eat Lomi any day! You guys gotta try it!!!
1	This place is a definite MUST SKIP.I ordered a Wonton Soup and a White Rice. Pretty simple, walked in expecting to pay 5, maybe 6, at most 7 dollars. Final Bill was 9.70!! For, that's right folks, white rice and wonton soup.Ok, maybe I'm being too critical, maybe this soup is full of fresh wontons in a very good broth. WRONG, this crap had maybe 3 or 4 mushy, disintengrating wontons which made the broth cloudy and mushy. On top of that it was at least half full of nothing but chopped cabbage.And the rice was too wet, serious Chinese food nubs working here.9.70 for:-Half a quart of cabbage-Four Mushy Wontons-Cloudy Mushy Broth from probably sitting wontons-Wet RiceDo the math!Glad I paid $10 for a meal that probably cost then a quarter. First and LAST time eating at Pumi Express!
2	overpriced. not the friendliest service/staff. food is whatevers. I'd rather go to China a gogo. I don't understand why people would rather eat here. there's so many other Chinese places to go. oh one thing... They do have some extraordinary delicious egg rolls. I have to give them that. I don't know what they do to them, but their egg rolls are freakin delicious possibly the best I've had. it's still not enough to give them more stars but it's worth mentioning.
1	Nasty!! I've never had worse food in my entire life. I took a few bites and that's it. I ordered two meals , one for my son and he took a bite and said disgusting. I ordered a coke and they gave me something else that looked like coke but clearly didn't taste like it.dont go there.
5	Great lunch specials! Quick delivery, great customer service. Beijing beef isn't so good
1	Small family owned business. Stopped in for lunch and the teen took over the restaurant tv to play video games the food was horrible. How do you mess up a teriyaki bowl? Well for starters you find the oldest driest chicken and you dry it out some more, then you take two parts teriyaki to one part rice and make sure the rice can swim. Then you add enough garlic to wipe out all the vampires that ever existed twice over and then double it to make sure. To top it off they got my drink order wrong too. Save yourself a headache  and if you're a vampire run for your life.
3	Hubby likes the pork fried rice. I like the appetizers. Entrees are fairly good. Service is so friendly. I like dining in because it's quaint and the girl working is so sweet.
1	This place is permanently closed. There is a sign on the door that says a new Chinese Eatery is coming this Fall. Chun Fai Chinese Eatery.
