3	As a metal head I was introduced to 1059 The X with David Draimen's "monkey noise" in the song Down With the Sickness by Disturbed back in 2001 and have rarely changed the dial since. Over the past 10 years the station seems to have struggled keeping a hard rock format and have since incorporated a TON of alternative rock and "stoner music" (think Bob Marley, Sublime, 311, etc.). Honestly, I only like around 55% of the music I hear on this station anymore. So what keeps me listening from 6:30am when I start my morning commute till 3:00pm when my personal opinion of Mark Madden makes me put on my iPod or satellite radio? The DJs. And I don't count "Double M" "The Super Genius" aka MALE CHAUVINIST PIG, as a DJ. In the morning, Tim and Bob keep me laughing with stories and jokes, and dumb callers. They keep me up to date on local, national news, international news, sports, and celebrity gossip. But the show is geared more towards the male demographic, so there is stripper and boobie talk as well. There are daily hilarious Darwin Award styled stories called "Shallow End of the Gene Pool" and a weekly "Dumb Dumber and Dumberest" segment where you can vote for the call that was the "dumbest moment from the week that was." Every Friday they will also play a "Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader" style game where a caller plays against an attractive girl for prizes. If you don't mind some sexism, Tim and Bob will keep you entertained. During the working hours, Whipping Boy takes over the radio. Whip has a nice loyal fan base, and no wonder. He is genuinely a nice guy and does a lot of good in the community. Whip starts his program at 10am by playing 9 songs from the 90's. Every day at noon he, with listener help, chooses a theme and plays 6-8 songs to fit the theme. Examples include, 90's songs, Y2K songs, songs with colors n the title, etc. At around 1:15pm he plays the day time pick of the litter, where he plays a song and listeners vote via phone or text messaging on whether to keep the song or "Dio" it. If a song is "Dio-ed" Whip plays Rainbow in the Dark and belts along to the lyrics to "cleanse the musical palate from the awful pick". Alby Oxenreiter makes an appearance daily as well to talk sports. Whipping Boy does charity work. He frequently hosts successful blood drives and, as a dog lover, has the Washington Area Humane Society bring in a dog every Thursday to try and find him/her a home. (Can you tell I LOVE Whip?) Mark Madden is on from 3pm-6pm. 'Nuff said. Then Abby takes the air from 6pm-10pm(?). Not the best station if you prefer older metal, but then again there aren't any good stations in the Pittsburgh area for that kind of fix.
1	This station is mediocre.
5	I absolutely love "The X!" When I'm tuned into terrestrial radio, there is nothing else I listen to! Any review that talks about music that the station is spinning, is outdated. Alternative is a very liquid format, changing flow & direction regularly. So, personally defined ideals of what alternative is and isn't really are a moot point. Depending on your taste, you may like it, or you may not. Give it a listen though before dismissing it. Especially if you haven't in a while...DISCLAIMER: Hi "DigbyOnTheX" for a reason :)
