1	I was working in Fountain Hills today and decided I'd stop in for a cigar on my lunch break. This place was nearby so I decided to check it out. The store is small, but nice. The owner has really maximized the space to good effect. For a small humidor he had all of the basics covered and the prices were about what you would expect. So why one star? Two reasons. First, I walked in and no one was there--or whoever was manning the store was in the back room. I set off the chime when I walked in, but nada. I decided to look in the humidor, and I took a great deal of time doing so. Still, when I emerged to make my purchase, still no one there. I waited an additional 5-10 minutes, moving back into the chime's motion sensing field a few times to set it off, and finally gave up. Goodbye lunch break. Now, to add insult to injury, the whole time I was standing there waiting for someone to show up, there was a TV in the corner blaring out Glenn Beck. Now if you want to be lied to by Beck that's fine. But don't expect to alienate your non-right-wing customers and be successful. Of course, come to think of it, I'm the only non-Republican cigar smoker I know, so maybe he can get away with it. Doesn't mean I have to stand there and listen to it though. I'll give them another try the next time I'm in FH. I want local businesses to be successful, even if they are Glenn Beck fans. I'll update at that time.
4	I visited this shop while visiting family in AZ over Christmas and New Years. While it did take a while to find the person running the shop when he did arrive I found him to be very helpful. As a novice pipe smoker I was looking for some guidance on my purchase and the owner was very well versed in pipe tobacco and recommended a blend called four peaks. If I had known how much I was going to enjoy it I would have purchased much more than the couple of ounces that I bought. My only regret is that I live so far away and haven't been able to find a local blend that I enjoy as much as I do this one. This is a must have on my next visit to the Valley.
5	Best place to buy quality cigars.  True small town ownership and service.  GO HERE!
