5	Dr. Jack is the best dentist of all time.No joke...I'm nearly 25 years old and I don't live in Pittsburgh anymore but I still want Dr. Jack to be my dentist.  My two siblings and I have all gone to Dr. Jack since we were little kids.  If you're looking for a pediatric dentist in the Squirrel Hill area - go here!Great guy, always makes kids feel comfortable and his staff goes to great effort to explain what is going on.  I can't say enough about Dr. Jack and his staff...overall the best people.  Seriously, this guy saved me from having braces!  And while my little sister needed braces, she got them off recently and her teeth look incredible!Give Dr. Jack a call...you'll never regret it!
5	I was a patient of Dr. Jack for 25 years.  He was my first dentist as a baby (whenever he would see me he would fondly recall that I vomited on him).  I had a lot of cavities as a child and they were all filled, but I literally didn't know I had cavities filled until I was older and my mom told me.  There was absolutely NO PAIN.  I loved going to the dentist.  Dr. Jack was always funny and friendly.As a teen, he was my orthodontist, and now my adult dentist remarks on what an awesome job he did.  I went to him every 6 months, and I've never had a cavity in my adult teeth.I miss Dr. Jack!  Take your kids to him, you will not regret it.  Truly an amazing dentist.
5	WOW!!  I can not say enough great things about Dr. Jack and his staff!  Today was my daughter's very first dental appt and it could not have gone better!  Dr. Jack explained everything he was doing and all his instruments so that my daughter felt comfortable and at ease.  He was gentle and very kind and assured her that nothing was going to hurt.  Actually, she giggled through her entire visit.  She loved the sunglasses that she got to wear to block the light and even got a picture of her first visit to bring home!  When her check up was done she asked me when she could come back before we even left the office!!  If that doesn't tell you that Dr. Jack is the best nothing will!!  Make your child an appt with Dr. Jack, you and your child will be happy you did!!
5	We just got back from our first visit with Dr. Jack and my daughter didn't want to go to school afterward (which she loves), because she "likes the dentist better." And I see her point, I wish Dr. Jack could be my dentist too.I was totally impressed - they made the whole experience fun. My daughter loved picking out her own toothbrush and flouride flavors (they have a lot of choices), and putting on the sunglasses. They explained and let her touch all the instruments before the exam which made her feel better. We got a cool flosser (maybe those are standard now), some stickers and even a photo of her first dentist experience.I had to literally drag her out the door to get her to leave - best dentist experience ever.
