1	One star is generous. Too bad I will still go here because it's close. Happy Harry's was hands down better than these clowns. After you see the job they do you'll feel like you got raped, with no lube, by the salesman issuing wash tickets. I'd tell ya to go somewhere else but up here there just ain't nowhere else to go.
1	I used to go to Cobblestone in Scottsdale to get my oil changed but stopped because I was tired of the hard-sell I got any time I went there. Luckily I found Happy Harry's that didn't shake me down every time I wanted my oil changed. Sadly they got bought out by Cobblestone and now you can't even walk in the door without them trying to sell you windshield repair. Time to find a new place. RIP Happy Harry's
1	Most recently I had my car washed here. There is a problem that is known in this car wash and has been going on for months. There is a damaged hydraulic line spraying hydraulic oil over all of the driver side of the car. If you have a very nice expensive car I would highly recommend not going . It ends up just smearing in circles and takes forever to get off.
1	This place is the pits! Slow, Expensive and useless. Happy Harry's was so much better. I'm never coming back.
5	Amazing! My truck came out so pretty and shiny! Thanks guys for the wonderful wash! I refuse to go anywhere else!!! Love cobblestone!!!
4	Wow! I am SHOCKED at some of these reviews!!! Maybe they have new employees & manager since August? Or just needed time to perfect?  I usually go to Danny's Car wash up off Happy Valley road, but I was in Cave Creek Friday so I stopped in while we enjoyed a pedicure next door & left my truck covered in dog hair, crumbs & spilt beverages... 3 dogs & a 4 year old :) I didn't expect anything spectacular to be honest... but that's exactly what I got!!! I CANT BELIEVE how quick and thorough these guys were!!! And friendly SMILES all around instead of acting like it was such a horrible burden... Like some other places I have gone to (Danny's) :/ I loved the customer service here and feel like I spent $50 on a half detail instead of a basic full car wash!!! Guess I should thank the management for caring & training their team so well!! I will make this a more regular stop, even though it is completely out of my way... Very pleased :D
1	I have been coming to hapoy Harry's for years and loved it. Always a good experience. Now the prices are outrageous and I don't even get a clean car or any assistance to help clean up the few things still dirty. I went to just get an exterior wash today and after running my car through two times I got out and looked at all the dirt still on the car. I ended up grabbing a towel and wiping it down myself.  No manager or other employee came over until finally someone who had gone to the same high school as me came over to say hi and offered to help finish cleaning it. I will never pay for a wash there ever again.
1	Cobblestone bought out the locally owned car wash at this location, and it has gone downhill ever since. The prices have increased, the service is iffy, and if you go there in a typical weekend expect to wait 30-45 minutes to get your car.   There are employees everywhere, but only 1 guy working on each car. In addition, they have the prototypical "car salesman" out front hounding you to upgrade, get a wax, detail etc etc. I am done going to this place.
1	Drove in with a radar detector tucked in the door pocket.  Was not there after employees finished vacuuming and windows.  Manager belligerant and unhelpful.  Phoenix police wouldn't even take report because we "couldn't prove anything".  This is NOT Happy Harrys.  We'll stick to Quick-n-Clean in Cave Creek, where the vehicle is never out of our sight.  (And yes, it was stupid to leave the detector in the car.  Never again.)
1	Horrible Service, way too expensive  - Had to stand there with them showing streaks of dust on dashboard after they swore they had used the interior dressing, Had to remind them that their Plus package included the Exterior dressing.  Manager sat there annoyed that I was expecting them to do what it is that they offer to do in their expensive package.They will not waste any more of my time nor get any of my money - kids on the side of the road doing a fundraiser would have done a better job and it would have cost less Reached out to their corporate office and got no replay backAvoid at all costs
