5	Just like Danielle's review below, do not let looks turn you away. The food here is phenomenal!  I was a bit confused at first by the menu of American, and Mexican food, on top of Thai... We too wanted the buffet, but it was a bit late (Technically it's a lunch buffet from what I get), and were treated to ordering off the menu, and Joann,  the owner, brought along a whole host of other goodies to go with our food, for us to try. My Green Coconut Curry Chicken was presented beautifully, and unlike most  Green Curry Chicken I've had in the area, the sauce was creamy, instead of soupy, and had a fabulous green chile flavor to it.... delightfully spicy, with flavor to back it up.  My dad ordered the Thai Basil Chicken which was also spectacular, bursting with flavor. My mom ordered the Pad Thai, which far surpassed any other Pad Thai I have tried too. I've eaten at plenty of Thai places, coast to coast, and the food here is at least on par, and may just surpass the best that Hollywood's Thai Town has to offer.  The meal was ended with dreamy Coconut Ice Cream, with finely ground peanut on top, along with Palm Seed!!! Everything here tastes genuine, and homemade. The prices are very good too, and the Thai Iced tea is also great.The Owner/cook brings much experience to the table, having cooked for Pink Pepper, and a host of other well known eateries, in the past. I CANNOT WAIT to go back VERY soon, and try some other stuff! SO SO GOOD!!!
2	We've been there three times. One time the food was excellent the other two it was very bad. They don't seem to have any consistency  in the kitchen. All three times the table service was lousy. They didn't bring plates or forks to the table and when they brought the food out I had to ask them to bring us something to eat with. They asked us what we wanted to drink we told them water but then didn't bring it. I had to go to the kitchen and ask for it. We won't be going back.
5	This is a Thai Buffet restaurant that also offer veriety of american food(can order off menu). The owner Joann was very friendly and was very attentive. I've been going there for lunch off and on since the restaurant opened. I've been meaning to write a review for the longest time but not much of a computer/online type of person. But seems like the really effective way of communicating now a days is to go online. So here I am:)The food was AMAZING! She made Thai clear noodle soup that reminds me of home(Hmm...so good)! I had Pad Thai and Chicken Satay with peanut sauce. Both were very good! I usually eat very little for lunch but that day I had 2 helping of that AMAZING soup on top of overything else. I also ordered an order of Pad Thai and Chicken Satay to have my co workers tried and they LOVE it! Go and give Thai Buffet a try. You will not be disapointed! Thank you Joann for the Great food and Top notch service.
5	Are you adventuresome?  Ready for something completely different?  If so, here's something very special for you!  I dropped in here today along with Norm R. & Robyn N. for a wonderful Thai feast.  The sign says, "Thai Buffet", but it's actually a small, unassuming, comfortable restaurant named "Joann's Kitchen", & Joann serves Thai food, family style.  Your part is just to arrive with your friends &/or family, & be hungry!  Joann will bring all different kinds of Thai food to your table until you are full, & every bite of it is just terrific!This place is FUN, & you get as much as you want to eat for only $7.50 per person at lunchtime!  (Kids up to 9 eat free, 10 to 18 for half price!)   :-))
5	This is now my favorite Thai restaurant in the Valley. It is modest in appearance both outside and inside, but the food is awesome, and Joann (the business card says "Joann's Kitchen - Thai Buffet & American Sandwiches, etc.") gives the service such a friendly, personal touch. At the start of your meal, you are served a delicious chicken lemongrass soup and appetizers of chicken satay, beef, sticky rice, and green papaya salad. The selection of main dishes may not be as extensive as in most Asian buffets, but the dishes are excellent, freshly prepared, and have a comforting home-cooked flavor. As my fellow yelpers Rand H. and Robyn N.  noted when we had lunch here, it's like dining in a Thai family home rather than in a restaurant. As with most buffets, you can eat all you want. But in this establishment, you go to the food counter and choose from the array dishes to be served to you. You can also ask Joann to prepare dishes to order, as Hector F. mentioned in his review - another departure from the usual style of Asian buffet restaurants. Fresh fruit is also served, at the end of the meal or with the meal (fresh fruit is eaten with the main courses in a number of Asian cultures), and if you have room after all the feasting, coconut ice cream, lychee rice pudding, and pumpkin custard cap the meal. This place is a bit far from where I live, but it's definitely worth the drive ... and I'm so glad it's not far from where I work. Yay!!!
5	Lovely artwork decorates the walls of this homey establishment. I especially like the elephants. The food was exquisite and quite a range of flavors. The appetizers alone were lovely and filling- rolls, steamed potstickers and green papaya salad. I mentioned that I have a food allergy to chicken and the owner brought out pork and broccoli instead. I was so impressed by her kindness.I also enjoyed the dessert of fried banana and coconut ice cream.Everything was freshly prepared and delicious. Very reasonable prices as well. The dishes were so pretty and artfully prepared it seemed a shame to eat them. I will be back for sure!
5	I loved this place!  It's like going to your Thai Mother's house for lunch, but better.  I was here a week ago with Norm R and Rand H and we all agreed it was a wonderful experience with fantastic food.  It really did feel like you were eating in someone's home.  They say it's a buffet, but it's so much more than that.  For $7.50 a person ($10 each including a diet coke for me and tip) this place is definitely a bargain.  Don't let the outside fool you either, it may not look like much on the outside, but they put all their effort into the food and service.It's not the typical buffet where you serve yourself from 100 items - our first course was served to us - a plate of papaya salad, chicken and pork satay, jerk beef and sticky rice.  I could have just had all that and been satisfied.  But no, there is more.  We walked up to the counter and they made our plates cafeteria style, a little of this a little of that and more of all the rest.  Yellow curry, a noodle dish, a veggie dish with eggplant, fried rice, jasmine rice and more that I don't even know what it was.  I'm not usually an adventurous eater, but everything tasted great!  Just when we were about full and done - there's even more food!  Served to us at the table was a plate of coconut ice cream, homemade pumpkin custard and lychee with sticky rice and a cup of hot tea.  OMG unbelievably good, my mouth is watering just remembering how delicious the food was.The most amazing part was they offered to make us other food that wasn't even on the buffet and suggested if we wanted something special to call ahead and they would prepare it for us next time.  This little place is all about service and homemade food.  I can't wait to go back.  Thanks Norm for turning me on to this place!
5	You'll feel like you've just been adopted by a Thai Family, or at the very least, like a well fed exchange student!"Buffet" is really a misnomer here.  All-U-Can-Eat?  Sure!  Buffet?  Not so much (in the best way possible).  The owner and her family bring the food to you at your table.  Hungry for something that's not currently part of the cafeteria-style/buffet setup?  She'll run back and make it for you.  Want it more spicy?  She'll do that.  Hands down, the most customizable "buffet" I'd ever had the pleasure of feasting on. "Sure Jonny, but what about the value?"  DUDE.  For $10, The meal went something like this: Drink, Soup, Satay, Spring Roll, Salad, Curry, Pad Thai, other chicken dish, fresh fruit, ice cream.  You really can't beat that!
5	Absolutely delightful dining experience!!  Tasty unique and Spicy dishes!  Attentive and pleasant wait staff make this the best Thai restaurant in the area, possibly in the US!  My previous fave Thai was "The King and I" in Milwaukee but not any more.  Outstanding value and so many choices, even American sandwiches if you could possibly run out of choices with the Thai menu.  I echo the previous diners that said it's like being invited to eat at a Thai friend's home when you enter this humble looking building!  They explained each course and gave me choices based upon my preferences for Spicy food.  Must try this place and I travel weekly all over North America and haven't tasted any better Thai!
5	I walked in and it didn't look like there was much food, and I like to eat.  Then I realized they bring the food to you.  It was good home cooked Thai.  That was a lot of food for $7.50.I recently talked with someone who does business with the ladies that own this place.  And, they have been in business about a year, and they haven't done a lot of marketing, so I want to see this place be around for a while.  Tell your friends about this place.  I just  went the other day, and as I was leaving noticed they had some tasty looking thai chicken wings.  I almost went and sat back down.
5	What a great little place!  We tried a small amount of everything and it was all fantastic, my favorites being the chicken soup, red curry and pumpkin custard.  The owner was wonderful, we felt like guests in her home.  I mentioned that my husband was ill and she sent some soup home with us for him.  Awesome.
5	Absolutely loved this place. it is fantastic. if you are into some spicy food then you will love it. Nice, homey, pleasant server, shef is from Thailand. Wow, i am speechless. Don't worry about the outside, the place looks a little rough, but the beauty is on the insideJust go... you will spend $16 on worst stuff than this buffet...it is awesome
5	There's a reason this place is rated 5 stars across the board! It's sooo yummy and a completely different dining experience than the usual restaurant.My boyfriend was really hungry and wanted to eat at a buffet, but me being the weirdo that I am I needed to look at yelp to find one that wasnt going to be absolutely disgusting.I found this little gem and I'm so glad I did! When you walk in you're greeted by the owner who also happens to be the cook. Everything is really fresh and you can tell when it hits your taste buds.It's not your typical buffet, but instead you're served as much as you can eat at your table. She cooks different things daily, so when you come in it's kind of a surprise as to what you're gonna get. This time she had soup, chicken skewers, papaya salad, two different curry dishes, drunk chicken, fried rice, orange chicken, and a couple others. Soooo yummy. The orange chicken was actually better than almost any other places I've ever had. At the end she brings you dessert, which was coconut ice cream and something else I can't recall. All for 7.50! Besides the food being really tasty, it's also a really cool dining experience. If you're feeling adventurous, bring your friends, and experience something totally different from the usual.My boyfriend, who had never eaten thai food before, fell in love. MMM.
5	Joanne, the owner and cook, makes this place amazing. The food is amazing, the restaurant is emmaculate, and the ambiance is refreshing.  I would highly recommend trying this place whenever you get the chance.
2	I cannot believe that this place has so many 5 start reviews.  I tried this because every review was glowing about this place and thought this just might be one of those truly hidden gems.  So imagine my complete disappointment after eating here. The concept is pretty cool actually.  They just bring you food until you tell them to stop.  Some food is warming in chaffing dishes and others are being freshly prepared by the owner.  The chicken/chili soup was decent, different from other Thai places.  Next came a papaya salad, which was nice and spicy.  Next came the main courses.  First a plate with yellow curry, red curry, and some kind of Thai chili chicken with a scoop of rice.  First off. all three chicken dishes were below room temperature.  They might have been fine had they been warm, but the chicken was tough and there was no spicy heat to to the red curry or Thai chili chicken.  Next came some chicken skewers.  They were at least fresh off the grill, but the dipping sauce had no flavor.  Next came the awkward moment when the server asked us if we needed anything else, my friend and I exchanged a weird glance and said 'I don't know, you tell us, so far you've just been bringing us food'.  So anyhow, more food came out.  Fried rice with chicken.  Nothing special.  And last Pad Thai with chicken.  The flavor was very sweet and was not very pleasing to the palate.  I've had better (and spicier) Pad Thai at Pei Wei.  Last we were served coconut ice cream with some sort of Lychee egg custard.  You can't mess up store bought ice cream.I really wanted this place to be good and I'm sure the owner tries, but the food is just not good.  Sorry to the owner, but please do not waste your time in trying this place.
2	The Yelp reviews on this place led me to suggest this place to a friend of mine for lunch.  That being said I felt it necessary to balance out the out of whack reviews on this place. We went to lunch arriving at approximately 11:30 on a Tuesday. We were looking forward to some real authentic Thai home cooking as indicated by previous reviews. What we found was a strange and unusual experience and a culinary downer. When we walked in they were washing the floors. This is strange to do right at lunchtime.  We then sat down and were served a decent soup and a good green papaya salad.  After that it was a mess. We were served reheated curries and chili chicken. It was not tasty and room temperature. I was then offered some green curry beef that tasted burnt and just plain wrong. The Pad Thai was way to sweet and unremarkable.  All in all not a good food experience. The sad part is the owner is sweet and you really want her to succeed. As mentioned by a previous reviewer, the setup is different and would work well if the food was any good. Maybe we went on a bad day, but it was a really bad day.
5	First Yelp review from an avid Yelp user.  I've been waiting for a place that really struck me to post my first restaurant review.  I live in Yelp-central (Chicago, IL) and I decided to make my first post about a Thai place tucked into a non-descript strip mall in Mesa, AZ.This is not a buffet.  Come to Thai Buffet expecting to sit in someone's kitchen and be served fresh Thai small plates until you tell the owner/chef that you cannot eat anymore.  Everything is great.  Just tell her to bring what she feels like cooking.They start you with a soup.  Her son (my waiter) recommended the chicken (versus beef).  The fist spoonful of soup sets the table for what will end up being one incredible meal, and certainly the best value you'll ever get anywhere, anytime.  I didn't get to try any of the American stuff... but my waiter said his mom made him a Philly cheesesteak recently that he was dipping in the red curry.  Sounded incredible.  I was way too stuffed to try it at that point, but I will next time I'm in town.I'd recommend people go soon.  The reviews don't lie.  And this place will be swarming with mobs really soon.  If this place was in Chicago, she'd have expanded by now.  Or at least raised the price from $7.50 to $9.00.
5	We went here again tonight.It has been a while and I was astounded that the owner remembered  I have an allergy and cannot eat chicken. I began with beef soup- a bit spicy but ok for me- then on to a delicious Thai salad with fresh lettuce and jicama and a tangy dressing. Hot tea and fried fish, and a lovely plate of pork and noodles followed. I topped it all off with a heavenly pumpkin custard. I will definitely be back! Wonderful service, amazing fresh food and a modest price. Thanks again!
4	This restaurant is great!  Food is delicious and the buffet is amazing.  Took a risk on inviting a couple of coworkers with me and they felt the same.  The chicken dishes, including the green curry, were fantastic and the sticky rice with coconut ice cream was delicious!  My only complaint would be about cleanliness, dust on the fans and a dirty floor along with sticky menus.  Great food overrides all of that for me, hence the four stars.
1	This Place is disgusting! It's infested with tiny little ants running wild through the tables as the cleanliness of the restaurant was lacking. The food is bland, it's been reheated 6-7 times. Food is cheap along with the quality. It was hard to leave upset with owners good hearted kindness. Never AGAIN!
5	Awesome!!!   The reviews seem to be all over the place but we were all very relieved, and impressed.  So glad we were so starving we decided to ignore the usual Buffet warning.   Food was great and freshly cooked (she cooked !  Owner/cook Joann is lovely and amazing!  The building does look somewhat tacky, but inside is nice and food great and great value.
5	Thai Buffet is an unassuming little place at the end of a strip mall near Broadway and Dobson.  There is treasure inside.Upon entering, there's nothing to foreshadow the delectable experience awaiting you.  The atmosphere isn't what you're going there for.  The restaurant misleads you with the word "buffet" on the front.  There is a small buffet setup in the restaurant, but it's not always stocked as one.  Also, if you decide you want anything on the menu, the proprietor will cook it for you fresh, as part of the buffet.  It's like going to a friend's house and being given the ultimate in hospitality.The owner, or one of her family will greet you, seat you, and then provide you one of several delicious soups.  On our latest outing, I had the chicken soup, while my daughter had the beef soup.  The chicken soup was spicy, fragrant, delicate, and light.  She serves it with a chicken wing that's cooked in the broth to add extra flavor.  The beef soup was perfumed with ginger and lemongrass, with chunks of tender beef and also tripe.  The meat was tender and succulent, just as you'd wish for in any soup dish.The next course we were served were appetizers.  We chose to enjoy some "egg rolls', though I use that term loosely.  It was more like a spring roll, served with a sweet cucumber, cilantro, and onion sauce.  Inside was succulent meat, tender rice noodles, and a distinct lack of the greasy, heavy, chewy mouth-feel that I'd normally associate with an egg roll.  They were absurdly delicious.Then, when we were ready, she made us plates (rather than us serving ourselves) from the offerings on the buffet.  She had several different type of curries, stewed thai basil chicken, pad thai, and other offerings.  Each selection was sublime.  The curry was spiced without being spicy, chock full of tender potato and succulent chicken.  The pad thai was sweet and spicy, with large whole shrimp tail generously apportioned throughout.  The basil chicken dish she had was spicy, herbal, earthy, and filling.After gorging ourselves on this sumptuous feast, there was still more to be had.  Joann, the owner, gave us dessert.  In a simple bowl, there was sweet sticky rice, pumpkin, and a generous helping of coconut ice cream.  She will admit she doesn't make the ice cream herself, but do not let that dissuade you from enjoying it in this dish.  It's sweet without being cloying, and fruity without being overpoweringly so.  The rice lends a texture and an undertone that has to be experienced to understand.Then, when it's time to settle up, you'd be surprised to know that the buffet is approximately $8 per person, not counting a drink.  It's a crime that this place is not packed to the rafters from morning to night.  Little family restaurants like this are a dying art in America, and this gem should not go unnoticed.  Go there.  Meet the wonderful people who make this joint a warm, delicious, and inviting place.  You'll be giving yourself a treat, and making yourself a customer for life.  Just make sure you give yourself enough time to enjoy it.
3	Excellent service at a buffet that will definitely leave you very full.  The freshly prepared items that they bring to you are undoubtedly the best tasting ones out of the selection you have to choose from.  I was especially impressed by the chicken soup they brought out.  It was reminiscent of tom yum soup, with complex and robust flavors.  I would say that was the best part of our meal.  The spring rolls were also very good, lots of crunch and flavor.  The actual buffet items were mainly chicken-based, with some pork chops (which were very tasty and tender) to provide a slight mix in the meats.  I think the items sitting in the buffet trays should be covered when not in use since the rice was a bit crunchy from sitting too long in the open air, and the fruits looked withered due to the same reason.  If I went here again, I might order some items a-la-carte rather than trying the buffet since the soup and spring rolls were excellent, while the items in the buffet trays (with the exception of the pork chops) were just OK.
5	Was definitely pleased with the overall experience. The word buffet is a bit of a misnomer, as you don't go up to a bunch of trays scooping mediocre food onto a plate. The food was all freshly prepared as we were there, with a variety coming out ever since we had sat down. All of the foods had an excellent flavor, and you could tell the lady cooking it did this out of a love for cooking. I just told her we weren't that picky when she asked what we'd like to try, so she went back and started a few dishes...a nice variety, really. Then made sure we were all set, and attended to us rather wonderfully. The food itself was definitely good, but the service is what put this place over the top. It felt more like I was visiting somebody's home, with the warmth and personality I received. As for the posters mentioning the cleanliness, I didn't see any issue at all. I mean, its an older strip-mall suite so it doesn't look as immaculate as some brand-new standalone building, but everything in the restaurant was cleaner than most places I've been to.I'll definitely put this place on my list of places to frequent, especially since it seems their capabilities for cooking, at least thai food, are rather varied, and I could see coming here multiple times and never having the same meal twice (a definitely love of mine in a restaurant)
5	So the plan for the night was to hit up some mini-golf. I have not been in so long it sounds like allot of fun...and it was! But that's not what this review is about. Before mini-golf we decided to come on yelp and throw a dart against the wall for thai restaurants near by the golfland area. We came across this Thai Buffet & American Sandwiches place and to be honest....the name threw me off. If my date wasn't so persistent about how many 5 stars this place got...I would have kept scrolling down. After reading a few reviews we made up our mind...we were going to try it. One of my buddies tagged along for the ride but had recently ate so was just going to observe. When we pulled up....I honestly didn't know what to think....a hole in the wall with signs up like most of those typical Asian restaurants. I thought "ho hum, this is going to be boring". The time was about 8pm when we showed up and there was only 1 other table sitting down and the buffet area was empty...no food. Perhaps the sign saying close at 9 was wrong? We were greeted by the hostess (who was the owner/chef's daughter) and told that this isn't that kind of buffet place...actually the chef is going to prepare things for us. OK! now you have my attention!. We sat down and were brought soups. I had the beef soup and my date had the chicken soup. I thought both soups were good, but i preferred the beef soup even though my date couldn't stop pointing out that the beef looked like cow tongue. (Which actually I've had and is not bad imo) Joanne (The Chef/Owner) came out and greeted us and told us about her place and took our order from an extensive list of items...some of which will make you scratch your head about as they dont really fit the motif. (Philly cheesesteak sandwhich...umm what? lol) First came the appetizers, we ended up getting Sticky Rice with Peanut sauce (make sure to enunciate the T if you are with immature kids like me at the table), Chicken Satay, Beef Satay and guava salad. Now you may think...mmmm Guava salad sounds so refreshing!!...yeah well before you take a heap of it and slam it down your throat...you may want to think about the fact this is a thai resturant.....that son of a bitch was so damn spicy!!! lol I think we drank like two cups of water each....and it was so good that I kept torturing myself and depleting their water pitchers in the process. For the main course we got the pad-thai and red curry which were both great! I liked the pad-thai better but im partial to it because I freaking LOVE pad-thai. Joanne felt bad for my buddy who wasn't eating, so she brought him out a dish too. Joanne would come out from time to time to chat with us and tell us stories and also talk about the food and it was a great time. I can honestly say that being there was like being in my Grandma's kitchen. She would just make us food and say..."oh try this, oh now this....oh go on...eat that" It felt very warm and I really enjoyed that experience. Dessert came out and it was a bowl with Coconut ice cream, pumpkin tart type of thing and sweet sticky rice. I like coconut but dont adore it....but this ice cream was amazing..I dont know if she makes it herself but it was damn good....the pumpkin thing was delicious and the sweet sticky rice was a good texture combo to mix with the ice cream. All in all, this place gets 5 stars....from the food quality...to the level of service to the Grandma's house type of warmth it puts out....and then you want to talk about value? Lets recap. 3 soups 3 sticks of Satay Sticky Rice w/ peanut sauce Guava Salad Pad-Thai Red Curry Something she brought out that was like a dipping sauce with meat that I dont remember the name of. More sticky rice for that sauce 2 bowls of ice cream 2 pumpkin tarts 2 Sweet Sticky Rice for the ice cream How much?! $7.50 each. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! lol Please Joanne...charge more....I dont want you to close down. Our bill was like 16.50 or something because of the coke my buddy ordered and we ended up tipping like 15$ because we almost felt like we ripped her off at $7.50. Everyone should try this place at least once if you like Thai food, Joanne will give you a memorable experience. Maybe try to go after dinner rush to get a more personal feel. PS: I beat both their butts at Mini-Golf
5	Seriously, Joann... raise your prices.Not often I would say that, but the very last thing I would want to see from this family business is for it to fail because of low margins. You get so much for such a low price here, its really ridiculous. And I know Joann (the chef/owner) reads these reviews, so having told her this last night I wanted to repeat it on Yelp as well, because this is the kind of dining experience most people will probably never come across, but is amazing. Im now sitting here wishing other restaurants were ran this way, because it would make people like me (I want to try everything!) SO HAPPY.Im the date in Rons review, so you can read that for most of the details. Just know I have never liked Pad Thai anywhere before, and when we finished off the large plate of it and Joann asked if we wanted anymore, I think my heart stopped for a sec in pleasure. And the dessert? Oh my god... oh my god. I could eat that every nightCouple of warnings though- the papaya salad is spicy. Unassuming too, so be careful.The 'green bean' in the curry is NOT a green bean. It is a very spicy little chili, and apparantly it was quite funny to watch me discover this informationSeriously. Speak slowly and clearly when saying 'peanut sauce' or you will have two 30 yr old men giggling like little school girls. Go, support Joann, and take a peak at her old photos on one of the tables in the middle of the restaurant. Shes smoking hot.
5	Thai Buffet is great little family run business with excellent fresh gourmet food . We started with a chicken soup that was five stars,it was a little bit spicy and loaded with big chunks of chicken (yummmm). After that she brought us a salad which was good and I don't usually eat rabbit food. The main coarse items were all very good as well , there was a couple of rice dishes and a couple of shrimp dishes with jumbo sized shrimp (very good) There was also some curry potatoes and some chicken dishes all of which were great . Then they bring out the dessert and it was great as well , pineapple coconut ice cream with sweet sticky rice and pumpkin custard.So if you go here to eat be prepared for a great meal with lots to eat.
1	Who are these people writing these reviews? Have they ever had a decent Thai meal? This place was the worst restaurant we have ever been to. The buffet only had 6 items that were room temperature. The pad thai -- if you can call it that -- was so stale from being out all day that the noodles were crunchy. The rice made me want to vomit. I am not a picky eater. Heck, I'll enjoy a meal at a Golden Corral every once in a while. But this thai place was the worst meal I have ever eaten.If you consider yourself a foodie at all or you've eaten Thai before, do not eat here. Waste of your money.
5	Stopped back in here today with Robyn N. & Mike C.  The part buffet/part table service lunch is $9.99 now, but it's still a great place & worth that amount.  Don't come here in a hurry, because Joann will want you to "try just one more thing" before you leave.  Yum!     :-))
2	This was a bit of a disappointment. I was expecting what most people described on Yelp, meeting the owner and having really fresh, not 'really' a buffet food. I guess that isn't the case at lunch (?). I took two friends here the other day for lunch. They started us with chicken soup (as it was the only soup they had) and it was fine, not the best thing ever, but not bad. Then we got a salad, which had spicy dressing, but other than that, was just salad from a bag.... kind of disappointing. We also were supposed to get a starter of sorts as stated on this website, but we didn't. Lame. The buffet was pretty pathetic, it featured some clearly frozen gyoza (like the ones you buy at trader joes.... gross), the nastiest pad thai I have ever had.... really weird flavor, some decent (but not hot... spicy or temperature wise) curries (green and red), white rice, and some crappy fried rice. The best thing was the red curry, but it still did not measure up to other restaurants. The redeeming quality of this restaurant was the dessert.... whoa that was something special. It was sticky rice with coconut ice cream and it was just fabulous. I would go there just to get some of that.... but the rest of the food was not fresh and was not warm or particularly tasty. I regret taking my friends here, and I wish I had had the experience that many of the other Yelpers report.... maybe if the owner had been there it would have been different.
4	Went here today for 1st time. The food was decent and the service was great for a buffet. The cool thing is that the owner Joann will make various things and the server will come out to your table and give you extras such as steak skewers. Some of the food items like the bean curry chicken dish and chicken soup are extraordinary while others such as the egg roll and rice are ok. The restaurant is best described as a whole in the wall however it is clean inside. Joann almost didn't honor my living social coupon because her son signed her up for it and she didn't quite understand how it worked. I saw a number of people walk in and walk back out when they saw the slim offerings at the buffet. This place really needs a business manager so Joann can focus on cooking & chatting with customers. Hopefully Joann can make the changes necessary to stay open and be successful in the competitive restaurant marketplace.
5	I thoroughly enjoy thai food and wanted to check this place out.  I like to support local business, especially if they deliver genuine food, service, and the desire to return!  I would say that at first I was a bit skeptical of the buffet but upon entering and smelling the aromatic spices, my ears perked up and I couldn't wait to taste it.  JoAnn and her family were delighted to have us as we were thrilled to enjoy her cooking.  She makes all the dishes by herself and her two kids help her prepare and serve customers.  She prepared a special dish for our table of four, and was also making dishes that were getting low at the buffet.  As for the buffet, here are some of the best things:The vegetarian corn and broccoli dish was garlicy and saucyThe thai chicken wings were great: imagine a spicy sweet and sour chicken wingThe yellow curry was as thick as anybody could want it. Superb!The shrimp fried rice had huge shrimp!The Pad Thai was a little dry, but Pad Thai is not my favorite dish in general.I asked her son if they had anything spicier than Sriracha and she prepared a spicy oil based chili sauce.  LIttle orange and green chiles really gave it its kick, something I have been on the search for since I began eating Thai food.  Every time I would go to a thai restaurant, they could never satisfy my need for spiciness.  JoAnn certainly made the hot sauce that hit the sweet spot.  All my friends thought it was too hot or just enough.  I need some in my kitchen and asked her if I could get a jar of it so I could take it home.  She pleasantly agreed!JoAnn checked on us and brought us the infamous pumpkin custard and it was definitely the most decadent warm custard I have had.  We thanked her for having us for dinner (because you genuinely feel like you are in her home and she is making a 5 course meal for you) and I will be in touch with her about the Fire Hot Sauce she made.
5	Wonderful Food with a personal touch. Joann is an amazing host!
1	Just to let you know, the owner of the restaurant contacted me after she read my review and told me I complain too much.
4	I read the reviews and thought I should check this place out. It sounded good and I've never been to a Thai Buffet so I thought I would go.The place is definitely a hole in the wall, but it's the good kind!The place was clean and unique looking. The owner (I don't know her name) was super duper nice. And she made sure we had everything that we wanted.The food was excellent. We started with a strawberry salad and this hot and spicy chicken soup with lemongrass and mushrooms which was absolutely fantastic. Then she gave us a plate of two different kinds of chicken wings and filled up our plates with rice, noodles, and 4 different types of curry. All were fantastic!And as a special finish she made sweet rice with mango and HOMEMADE pumpkin custard! And a generous scoop of ice cream on the side. It was so good that I think I'll be going back JUST to eat that!Cost was 9.99 each and absolutely worth it!
3	I really wanted to like this place but it is just not for me. I thought this might be an option for my hubby that does not really like asian food but loves sandwiches. They just start bring food to our table without asking what we wanted to order... it was very confusing to me. I wasn't sure if I could go up to the buffet or had to wait. The food was good, but not wow. I thought the place was very clean. The staff was very friendly and I could have asked for something different, just not the place for me...
2	I'm sorry. I feel guilty writing this review.  The people were nice, friendly, accommodating. But I have never been so let down after finding good reviews on Yelp.I don't mind that the location is a touch sketchy or that the interior needs some love.I did mind that the food varied from good to not very good and I paid 55 bucks for it.I did mind that there were ants...in several places.  On tables.  In the bathroom.  Deal with your pest problem please.I see why some reviewers say it feels like you are at someone's house.  That's probably why I feel guilty dropping a 2 star review on them.  For the money, skip the buffet and go somewhere else like Palee's Crown, Thai Lahna or even Thai Rama.
5	Hole in the wall = delicious, culturally accurate food.  This place serves delicious Thai home cooking.  There were five of us that ate for $10 each.  Soup, salad, chicken kabob, chicken yellow curry, pork ribs, chicken spring rolls, Philly cheese steak with red curry sauce, and pumpkin custard with coconut ice cream.  SOOOO GOOOOD!The menus were sticky, but who cares?  That comes with being a delicious hole in the wall restaurant.
5	$10 for a complete meal!lovely owner/host and a delicious buffet!
5	I have been here at least half a dozen times (including tonight) and have loved every visit. I dream of the yellow curry and the pumpkin custard.  I can confidently say that this is my favorite restaurant. On. The. Planet.  Joanne is a charming and attentive.  The food can't be beat and the prices are a bargain.  If you enjoy snobbery or prefer appearance over substance, this place isn't for you. If you want great, authentic Thai food prepared by someone who will treat you as a guest in her home, I can't recommend it strongly enough.
4	The highest I give for quality food in a rundown stripmall is 4 stars. This place is amazingly authentic!! The lady who owns it is awesome too. Super friendly
4	Food is cooked to order but some available buffet style.  Great value for lunch.  The dirty noodles were my fav.
3	Review # 100...and it has proven to be one of the most challenging that I have written.In the way life has of bringing us in circles, I have returned to Tempe.  The previous experience was from 1989-1991.  The changes...those favorite restaurants (Bandersnatch Brew Pub, Felsen Haus, Char's Thai, Ozzie's Warehouse...and oh, so many more, gone) , the sprawl, the new highways...and I have a whole new area to explore again!JoAnn has a great idea in progress...as I see it, she just needs to make some changes in several areas.  I arrived at 7 PM on the dot last Thursday.  As I have never experienced a Thai Buffet, I was mildly intrigued...tho not thinking about the buffet when I found myself in the neighborhood.  Entering the restaurant, I was a bit surprised at the haphazard feeling I got.  Chairs and tables, the big screen TV, the register stand...my first impression was that someone purchased all this from a thrift store.  The waitress was wearing her jeans, t-shirt and tennis shoes, which seemed to fit in with the ambience.  Everything looked clean, just a little shabby.  There was one other person in the dining room.  He appeared to be finishing his meal.Waitress sat me at a table and asked what I would like to drink.  I asked for water.  She offered no menu but advised me the buffet had ended just this minute.  I could try what's left on the buffet or I could look at a menu.  The Pepsi sign advertising the offerings of the buffet fit perfectly in the shabby chic world I had entered.  The buffet board offered Som Tom, the menu item that I use as my yardstick for every Thai restaurant's rating.  I saw none on the buffet, but the waitress said she would order some.  I picked up a plate (mismatched china) and tried some Green Curry with beef, noodle and chicken, and chicken wings. The curry stood up well for end of the buffet.  Potato, carrot and onion were all nicely tender and of well-sized pieces.  The meat, tender and smooth...almost melting after being on the buffet for what seemed to be a good while.  The curry and coconut were in adequate quantity, with the texture good for either fork or spoon consumption.Noodles and chicken...not quite as fortunate as the curry.  The noodles were still soft and the chicken still pretty tender, and the soy sauce that had been part of this creation had, unfortunately, been used a little too liberally.  Over rice, this would probably work...or with very fresh noodles..but not so good after some time on the buffet.Chicken wings...not bad, had better.  The seasoning certainly worked, as it is, from my taste, more Thai chili than Mexican.  I became spoiled on fresh deep-fried and dipped wings, tho, so most buffet chicken wings leave me wanting.  JoAnn brought me Tom Khar Kai with chicken.  I had not requested a soup, but she brought it out and let me know my Som Tom would be along shortly, and how hot would I like it?  I ordered Thai hot.  Away she went, to create what I hoped would be the crowning achievement of the evening.The soup was incredible!  Chunks of chicken, hints of lemongrass, garlic, curry and ginger, in a fantastic coconut milk base.  While I don't normally order cilantro in anything, the soup came with what I would consider an adequate (not overwhelming) amount.  About the only thing I could not find in the soup was any lime.  Som Tom...oh, what a pitiful experience!  JoAnn used a shredder for the papaya and carrots, used lemon instead of lime, added very little spice and should have used more fish sauce.  It was below what I anticipated, and what I expected.  JoAnn returned to my table about 10 minutes after she brought Som Tom with chicken Pad Thai.  She looked at the Som Tom serving and asked if everything was as I hoped for.  I replied that I was expecting chopped papaya.  Chicken Pad Thai JoAnn brought  certainly helped me to forget any regrets I was having over papaya salad.  The spices...fish sauce, chile and lime were the most prominent.  The chicken was tender and juicy, accented perfectly by the seasoning.  Noodles kept their temperature and spice, with cooked-to-perfection presentation.  As I see it, and have expressed to JoAnn, there are certain items that she could keep on the buffet, and others are better cooked to order.  Putting a combination of buffet + small made to order options at $3.50-5.00 might be something to consider.  One thing that should happen to set this place apart from predecessors in the same space...update/upgrade/bring the place into the 21st century.  At least consistent tables and chairs...lose the Pepsi board where you advertise your buffet choices!  Try to set yourself apart from every other restaurant that has shared that location.I will return, in part to do what I can to help keep JoAnn in business.  I hope to help her shape and grow the business, as her food fresh is, for the most part, fantastic.  I'm curious to find out how much the American Sandwich side of the business brings i
4	Food was even better the second time in. If you order anything off the menu and like it really hot and really authentic, ask for it "Thai Style". This lady really knows how to cook real Thai food!
5	Thai & American Buffet502 S. Dobson Road, Mesa AZThey have been open for a little over one year.  A small but comfortable place, owned and operated by a Thai woman, who does ALL the cooking and her 20 something daughter waits on tables.  The owner/chef is a very friendly woman who appears to enjoy speaking with her patrons and cooking, proud of her creations.  There is an all you can eat buffet ($9.99) hot-table which we skipped in order to get at the menu, which is all cooked to order, a fact that slows down service.  She acknowledged this and said she tells people to get soup from the buffet while they are waiting for their meal.  They are open from 11AM to 7PM, closed on Sunday.  Some of her dishes can be seen in large poster-like photographs, a dozen, above the buffet hot-table.  We started with Thai Toast, somewhat like french toast topped with ground meat (your choice) and veggies, 8 very tasty half slices for $4.99, accompanied by her version of a sweet and sour sauce.  Next, another appetizer dish, Thai Spring Rolls ($4.99), 4 half rolls with chicken breast meat, salad, etc. steamed, also available deep fried, served with the same sweet and sour sauce.  They were excellent, you could taste the freshness of the ingredients.  Our soup came out next, Thai TomYom Chook (described as spicy/sour shrimp soup).  Unfortunately she neglected to ask us the degree of spicyness we desired, so it needed help.  I told her I had to add black pepper and hot sauce found on the table to improve the soup. She said afterward that we looked like we had very American taste and immediately brought out a hot Thai chili sauce made from scratch that was hot and delicious, containing ground peanuts and hot green and very hot red Thai chilis. What a difference, it was delicious on our next dish, served over white rice, Large Shrimp containing whole garlic cloves, black mushrooms and a special sauce with 5 good sized shrimp. Her home made hot sauce dip added to this was delicious and we could control the degree of heat.  She was so appologetic she brought out several small plates from the buffet to sample.  Chicken Curry Potatoes made with yellow curry and coconut milk, and Namsod (ground pork, seasoning, peanuts, lime juice, onions, cilantro) and a vegatable fried rice.  All three were great!  Dessert was served on the house, a mix of fresh mango cubes, sticky sweet rice, coconut and pineapple ice-cream, and steamed pumpkin custard, an amazing dish that although we were full, we practically licked the plate clean.  The bill for the two of us came to $21.78 :)  It is the owner's style to bring you samples of her food which she is very proud of and rightly so, BRAVA!  We will return!
5	I dropped in here one afternoon when looking for a Thai place on Yelp. I'm never in this part of town so I wanted to give some new place a shot. And I'm so happy Thai Buffet was the place I selected.It was around one in the afternoon when we dropped in and we were promptly greeted. We were quickly offered the buffet but I explained that my companion and I rarely eat meat, and we wanted to order something different. The owner asked if we liked shrimp (which we do) and she offered to make us something special that we would like. Without knowing anything else about what might arrive at the table, I took her word for it and let her work her magic.She came back with two plates filled with asparagus and very meaty, medium to large sized shrimp. Everything was cooked perfectly. And the sauce was beyond wonderful. We told her we like "thai hot" and we received something that was the perfect blend of flavor and heat.We were given soup to start and we were also offered to try anything on the buffet - even though we didn't order it. The buffet looked great but neither of us had the space in our bellies to try anything after finishing what we "ordered." As others have mentioned, the desert that was delivered to us was simply amazing.I can honestly say that Thai Buffet gave the two of us the highest quality, best tasting and best value of a meal we've ever had in Phoenix - and anywhere in the country, for that matter. We will definitely be back.
5	Simply stunning. The wife and I arrived on a Friday afternoon for lunch since we had a Groupon deal. We instantly enjoyed the quaint and cozy feel as well as the friendly greeting we received from the owner Joann the second we set foot inside. Skipping to the good part, we ate from the buffet and the food was absolutely outstanding. It was a modest selection but everything that I had I thoroughly enjoyed. This is the kind of enjoyment that has me tapping my feet and humming while I eat, with brief pauses to utter a mouth-filled chirp along the lines of "sooooo goooood". Well seasoned, flavorful and spicy where appropriate sums up the overall experience. I din't even have to use any Sriracha because everything was perfect as is. Honestly, I'm a stickler for food (especially after moving here from Philadelphia) so its no small feat when I say that the meal was one of the best I've had in AZ in any dining establishment, easily in my top 3. The yellow curry was commandingly outstanding as was the Pad Thai and green curry. I simply couldn't go wrong with anything I ate. There were several seafood offerings but as I am not a fan of items from the briny deep I did not try them. However, I did inform my wife that if the owner brought something out for me to try that had 8 eyes, spiked tentacles and could audibly be heard uttering a weak "don't eat me..I'm poisonous" I WOULD STILL try it. To top it all off, the owner spent time to talk with us and brought out some Thai toast which blew my socks off while leaving my shoes on. Scrumptious. Topping it all off with a deeeeeeeelicious dessert of homemade pumpkin custard with sticky rice and ice cream. Ho. Mah. Gawd. With top quality food, service and an owner who seems to genuinely care about you and your experience I would have gladly payed triple what we did for the meal, Groupon or not.  If you want authentic Thai made with love and a restaurant that both you and your belly will feel good to frequent, I can't recommend something higher. The only negative I can offer is a personal one, which is that I live in Maricopa and its a good 30 minute trip. Alas, the journey only makes the anticipation all the sweeter. We will definitely be regulars here.
5	Oh, what a wonderful experience.  My boyfriend and I were going a little nuts on Groupon yesterday (I think we purchased 3 different deals) when we discovered a Groupon Now! for Thai Buffet.  My boyfriend is a huge buffet fan, and we both love Thai food.  He got really, really excited and I couldn't say no, so we purchased our final deal of the day, went and ran some errands, and finished off at Thai Buffet.We were the only ones there at that time, but we were a bit early for dinner and really late for lunch (I think we arrived around 4:15-ish).  The buffet is not your standard type of buffet where you serve yourself, but it is all you can eat.  Joann, the owner, described each of the dishes to us and piled our plates high with a variety of curries, as well as a bowl of soup and another plate of salad.  We couldn't say no to any of the dishes, they all looked super amazing.  And they were.My favorite was probably the green curry; it wasn't as spicy as some green curries and it had green beans in it, which I love.  Everything tasted more homemade than "restaurant-y," for lack of a better descriptor.  I felt like I was in a Thai grandma's kitchen, and it was awesome.As we finished our massive plates of food, Joann went back into the kitchen and prepared us bowls of coconut ice cream with mango, pumpkin custard, and sticky rice.  This might have been my favorite part of the meal, but it's hard to say because it was all so good.  I'm a total sucker for sticky rice, though.Definitely will be back.  You get a great value for the price (even without a Groupon, the buffet is $9.99/person), with quality eats and very friendly service.
1	I'm going to keep this short and sweet.  This was the worst vegetable pad thai I've ever had.  It had no flavor and was DRIPPING with grease *dropping the mic*
4	This is a very strange place; They call it "buffet" ...more like a sit down type restaurant. It's poorly decorated yet it offer that "Homey"  atmosphere. It makes me feel like I was eating at my friend's house rather than a restaurant.There is a small steam table with a few items, but everything I ask for they cook it individually - as I order them, not scooping it out of a steam table. very unusual for a buffet.I don't really know if the food is authentic, but it tasted good. I do like what they bring out. (Well... I order what the waitress recommended).My friend and I stuff ourselves pretty good. The bill comes to $24.00  included tip. Not exactly cheap, but we have no complain.
4	This is a great little place.  I'm no Thai expert, but the food was very tasty. The little manager/owner lady was super-attentive and very nice in all regards.Had the lunch buffet, and ate until I was stuffed, for $10.79.  There were about 6-8 items available on the buffet, but she also would ask if she could bring you other dishes from the menu, whatever she has ready to go on that day.For example, she brought us two chicken kabobs which were juicy and flavorful.As other Yelpers have mentioned, the dessert is totally delectable !!  Sticky rice, pumpkin custard, and coconut ice cream.  It's an amazing combo, and my only complaint was that the pumpkin custard portion was a little small.  I could have eaten about 3 of those dessert bowls, even after stuffing on the Thai buffet.I will go back - you should go too !!
1	I went here with my Girlfriend a couple of weeks back, based on the sparkling reviews it has received from everyone here, and I have to say, I'm quite disappointed.Without a doubt, this was one of the worst Thai food places I have ever visited. All of the entrees from the buffet were cold and barely palatable. And this wasn't one of those cases where the food looked good but tasted disgusting. The moment I walked up to the buffet, I knew things were about to go South. And boy was I correct; it was horrible!The only bright side to this little buffet was the service. The lady who owned the place offered to make us a fresh batch of Pad Thai and allowed us our choice of any appetizer we wanted. However, once more, things turned around quickly when, at the end of the meal, she basically demanded a tip (which I was planning on giving anyway) while citing the rules of the Groupon that we had used. Needless to say, this didn't help with my mood.Overall, I have no clue why anyone would recommend this place. This restaurant most definitely does not deserve the four star rating it received.One star, and I'm feeling a bit disappointed I can't give it zero.
4	This is a very cute, very homely restaurant. When you walk into this restaurant, you immediately get a sense of feeling that you are eating at someone's home, not at a restaurant. You just walk in and start eating (even if you select the buffet). It's a very tiny restaurant but the seats are comfortable and the tables are very clean. The waiter was very helpful and had good service, asked us if we wanted soup and to help ourselves with the buffet. He regularity always checked on us if we needed anything else. The manager/owner lady was very sweet, and very honest with us, we had a good conversation when we went up to pay for our check. She even offered us Thai noodles and mango coconut ice cream. I also want to mention, the owner personally cooks the food, she knows what she is doing.We purchased the Groupon which was $12 for $20 worth of food, and the buffet prices are $9.99 per person. Even without the Groupon deal, the prices are still very cheap. I wish I had known about this restaurant before a few year's back because for what you get, it's a very good value per dollar. For two people, the total bill was 21.79 (1.79) is the tax.The food was very delicious, the dumplings were absolutely my favorite, and there were 3-4 Thai dishes that varied from spicy to non spicy. I recommend trying them all. They also had BBQ ribs, Chicken wings, and a salad bar. Apparently you can order more food off the menu or though the owner, or when the owner comes to ask you if you want more food. Just ask her what's included into the buffet. The selection might not seem like you get much choices but wow I was stuffed. I believe they have a dinner and lunch menu, if you want to order al-carte but I didn't actually read into that menu, so I can't comment on it. The prices were about $6-$11 when I glanced at it. I also believe they offer a breakfast menu also.For anybody nearby work who wants to grab a lot of food to eat at a cheap price, this is a great place! Why would anybody want to eat at a fast food restaurant? This is a way better alternative. Plus the food is true authentic. Also don't let the exterior scare you. I hope this restaurant a good success and to stay in business, she definitely earned it by taking time to get to know her customers. A very genuine restaurant who isn't trying to take your money.
5	I just moved to the area, and I have tried many Thai restaurants in the area.  Every restaurant seems to be a decent substitute for what I have had in previous states, but this place was exceptional.  I have yet to order a dish, but with the buffet being so fresh all four times I have been there, it makes me wonder just how great an ordered dish would be.  The lunch buffet is a steal for only $9.99, especially because of its variety of exceptionally fresh and great tasting food.  Every dish had a unique robust flavor, that many Thai places seem to lack.  The owner is extremly nice, and is the epitome of the American dream.  She spends lots of money on quality items, just to turn around and offer delicious concoctions for cheap.  This is a place where you can eat well, spend little, and support a hard-working lady.  It's an overall win-win-win situation.
4	Joann, your restaurant is improving!On Wednesday, I returned to Thai Buffet and American Sandwiches.  Joann, her daughter and a new kitchen 'ho all made their appearance.  The shabby chic assortment of tables and chairs has been replaced.  Joann has installed booths and gotten matching chairs for the free-standing tables.  Joann's daughter, the waitress, is looking more professional in her dress, as well.  When I walked in, Joann greeted me, telling me she was in anticipation of my return.I brought her a julienne peeler for Som Tom, as the previous experience had appeared to have papaya that was processed by a shredder.  Her daughter asked me where I would like to sit and I took one of the booths.  She asked me what my beverage preference would be and brought me the water I requested expediently.  On offering the buffet, I went over to see curry and chicken wings that interested me, alongside noodles and chicken that did not offer any appeal, as they looked dried out.  I put the curry and wings on my plate.  As I sat down, Joann came out and asked me if I was ready for Som Tom.  She remembered my spice preference and said she would have my salad ready soon.  The curry...perfect!  The wings...adequate, as they were not fried but baked.  Som Tom was brought to the table, and, as requested, it was 10 hot (5 makes my nose run, 8 makes my forehead sweat and 10 brings tears to my eyes).  Joann asked if I wanted soup, and when I said yes, she headed to the kitchen.  I reveled in the glory of finding a well-made green papaya salad and thanked her profusely as I dabbed my eyes with my napkin when she brought me the most incredible Thom Kar Gai.  When she brought the soup, she asked if I would like a noodle dish.  I asked her for the Pad See Eau with chicken and she was off to the kitchen.  I went after the soup with a gusto  The temperature was great, the flavors intense and the chicken wonderful.  Shortly after I finished the soup, the Pad See Eau with chicken arrived.  I greatly enjoyed the dish, with every bite singing.  As I was finishing the dish, daughter waitress approached and asked if I was ready for dessert.  Stuffed as I was, I declined with regret.Joann came out and asked if I liked the changes to her restaurant.  The only thing I could reiterate was that she should get rid of the Coca Cola menu board.  She replied that since she was not carrying the Coca Cola product (the sales guy said she had to order at least 10 cases a week for a discount), it would not be difficult to replace.  If you find yourself in Mesa and that little "Gotta have Thai" demon pops up on your shoulder, head for Joann at Thai Buffet and American Sandwiches.  It will be the smartest decision you can make!
3	We saw that people were giving good reviews lately to the restaurant and wanted to try the restaurant out. We went for the buffet which comes with soup and a dessert to finish it off. The chicken soup was nothing to note about, it was a little bit salty for me. The thai red and yellow curries were really good. The phad thai and phad see yew were bland and not good. Of the desert, the custard was very eggy but the sticky rice and coconut ice cream were spot on! I wasn't expecting bbq ribs in the buffet, it was kind of non thai for me atleast. Would have expected fried rice too along with white rice.
2	Be warned if you go here and write a poor review you will be attacked by the owners and possibly a customer or two thru messages.  I won't respond to their childish messages which are one step above "I know you are but what am I?"For the record, my bill was $55 and for the record four of us dined there and all saw ants - including on the table.  My review is not the only one to talk about ants, read the filtered reviews.Message from owner:"When did you come in and pay 55 dollars? We know all customers and dont know you, a 55 dollar bill has never been written, unless you can prove otherwise. Customer satisfactory is very important to me. Please come back and there will not be any ants.from joann the owner"Message from another Yelper:"Thats funny that I go there once a week and have never saw any ants, yet someone like you goes there, and there are ants every where.  If you bathe and wash your clothes, ants wont follow you where you lay."If I were the owner I might have responded privately with something along the lines of:"We are very sorry to hear about your experience with our establishment.  While we have not seen any ants we have had someone out to make sure this is not a problem.  We would like to invite you back to try us again, we're confident you will have a different experience.  Thank you again for the feedback."
5	Short and sweet ... It takes quite a restaurant to earn 5 stars from me, but this place earned it. Prices are reasonable, food is delicious and service is second to none. I was treated more like a guest in the owner's home than a typical restaurant patron. You just made a return customer out of me. I give this place the highest recommendation possible.
4	Ok, so my hypothesis was correct....lunch here...not so good....dinner here when the owner is present....Wonderful!!! I have been back twice at dinner times and it has been really good each time. The soup (which wasn't that great at lunch time) has been VERY good at dinner....spicy and a little sweet with a lemongrass flavor. The salad dressing was also much better the last couple times with a really savory and delicious sesame and something sweet flavors....yum. The buffet has been good, with several curries that have all been tasty, but tonight I had the best one...it's a light green or yellow curry that is very savory at the front and then super spicy at the back end. Of course, the dessert is just as fantastic as it was the first time. Not tonight, but the last time I was there, we got this mango pastry type thing with the coconut ice cream and sticky rice....this time, no pastry, but some fresh mango. Both times it was amazing. I wish I could just eat that sticky rice all the time.... Even the BF who is very picky liked this place a lot and said it reminded him of his Thai neighbor's home cooking from when he was a kid. Pretty good stuff....
4	Great food for the money and the service was excellent.  The lunch buffet had a nice assortment of diverse flavors. Although the Pad Thai was a little bland for my taste, everything else was very tasty.  I am looking forward to my next visit!
5	Joann and her daughter do an excellent job in both the dining room as hostesses and in the kitchen with food. The Lunch Buffet is an excellent deal, quick, hot and always ready to go.My Favorite is the PAD SEE EW, Pad Thai, ribs and the Thai style wings. All the Curries are excellent as well. oahhhh dont forget the Chicken soup or beef soupGet the Dessert its sweet sticky rice, custard and coconut ice cream........cant go wrong.for like $10.79  you cant go wrong, plus its all HOMEMADE!
4	Yum! I have tried a variety of the Asian buffets but have never been to one quite like this. All the food was SUPER tasty! The soup wasn't quite hot enough but everything I tried had great flavor! I think my favorite thing was (of course) the dessert, pineapple ice cream with a fruit cobbler thing - YUM!If you are looking for main-stream, run of the mill type service or atmosphere then go somewhere else, this Thai buffet has some personality quite unlike the 'typical' buffet.
5	Very unique experience where they will "cook to order " something fresh for you.  The food is authentic and delicious.Everything I had was great ... I don't like curry and yet 2 of her dishes had curry and it was actually enjoyable.  This is a hidden gem.  To be totally balanced...I'll say that the Pad Thai noodles were not as fresh as you'd usually expect - but that can happen on anyday anywhere.  (Just wanted to add something negative to this very positive review)If she says something is spicy ...  Please believe her.  ;-) You can't go wrong with this personalized buffet!
3	Ok. Just ok. kind of a disappointment ... Unfortunately I read the reviews first  I was expecting it to be way better. First thing , the owner barely said 2 words to us , she mostly was behind a curtan on the computer. The lady that help us was nice though but didn't say much. We arrived late  for lunch , it was just past 3, there was only 2 other people there . The food was ok, the rice was old and crunchy, and the rest of the food was too. I know it was late for lunch but based on the reviews I thought surely they would offer to make us something fresh. But alas no one did. Also I am a big curry fan, however all I could eat was the green curry, the red was WAY too hot. And believe you me I LOVE spicy. At other Thai places I order a 4 out of 5 on the scale of 1-5 after I ate it I couldn't taste anything for a while. my friend who was with me who doesn't do very spicy had a very hard time, her lips even were a bit swollen. The one great thing was the desert was very very good, we just got a little, I wish we would have had more because we didn't eat much of the food. The place was not super clean but not dirty ether. Just looked a bit old. I know we came late for lunch, and maybe the owner had an off day so maybe I would try again, my friend said she would not though which is disappointing because she is my Thai buddy . My husband does like Thai food :( we visited in march but took me a bit to review. It would have been 2 stars but the desert was awesome and the staff was nice.
5	Everything cooked by the most friendly lady ever. The waiter also made every attempt to help us, great service. The Tom Ka Gai beginner was just okay but every fresh dish she brought out was flavorful and interesting. Except for the Pad Thai, I think she forgot some of the ingredients, tasted kind of bland, but easily fixed with some of the other items mixed in.  Every color and flavor of curry put out was intense in its own right, not a one of them with something I could find wrong.  She also makes these fried shrimp with orange sauce that are out of this world, perfectly crispy with a tang that keeps you coming back for more with each plate.  The dessert was the best part, you must save room for it. Sticky rice with a pumpkin custard and pineapple/coconut ice cream.The only thing I would suggest if you're coming for lunch, even though it says it opens at 11 you will want to wait until at least 11:30 before arriving.  Otherwise you're going to be filling up on only two entrees before the rest of it comes out while she's still cooking up everything.
5	Delicious food. Warm and friendly service. BEST THAI FOOD IN AZ !!!not your typical buffet ....
5	Still love Joann's Buffet here!  There are BOOTHS along the front wall now, with high backs, as well as table seating available.  Very nice!     :-)Today I was joined by Robyn N., & enjoyed some Tom Yum Khar Gai Soup, Lettuce Wrap with Spicy Chicken, Gran Chicken Curry, Shrimp Phad See Eaw, Southwest Chili Chicken, rice, & more, finishing up with a dessert of Sweet Sticky Rice with Pumpkin Custard, Mango, & Coconut Pineapple Ice Cream.     Yum!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $9.99
4	Second time here. Both times here I've had the lunch buffet for $9.99. It includes salad soup (chicken or beef) and about 12 hot options and white rice. The food is good and both times I've been the owner/cook came over and asked if there was anything she could make for us or make differently. Most foods on the buffet aren't very spicy by Thai standards but again the owner is more then willing to accomadate different tastes. I ordered a Thai Tea which I highly recommend if you've never had one. It's a sweet Creamy tea and thoroughly refreshing! Once we were about ready to pop the top button on our pants the owner arrived with huge warm bowls of sweet coconut rice covered with vanilla ice cream & diced mangos! If you need any more motivation stop over on Groupon, they usually have a $12 for $20 groupon available.Ambience is a little lacking, need some music and a little more work on decor but a good place for thai.
5	I really like the food here- it's authentic Thai. And the owner is so kind and professional. The dishes are freshly cooked and very unique. The decor is also very pretty- embroidered elephants and nice scenery. Mesa's best kept secret ! Oops I guess it's not a secret anymore!
5	This is my FAVORITE restaurant! One of the best Thai restaurants in the valley! My husband and I have been there 3 times for lunch on Fridays and the owner always makes us a special meal of green curry, rice, vegetarian pad thai, veggie spring rolls, fried tofu, and coconut ice cream dessert! What an AMAZING deal for $10/person! She understands that we're pure vegetarians by religion and always takes care to make our food meat-free from the oil to the utensils. The food is always delicious and filling! It's wonderful tasting all these varieties and the ice cream dessert piled with wonderful toppings is just to die for! We always call before we go to make sure she's there first. The ambiance is simple but classy and would be comfortable regardless of whether you feel like being casual or dressy. It feels good to support local business owners as the restaurant is owned and operated by the family who runs it. It feels like we have friends from Thailand and the mom makes us yummy authentic food! The spice level can be adjusted and has always been perfect for my mild tummy.WONDERFUL place for VEGETARIANS! Raj and I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Went to Thai Buffet on Friday evening, 11/2/12. Was not sure what to expect. We were seated by a nice girl Amanda and from that minute forward the service was amazing. Yes it is not all shiny and new, yes they were limited with the offerings on the buffet. They offered one additional selection off the menu in addition to the buffet. We ordered a beef dish that was exceptional. We can honestly say that we will be going back and soon. We loved the friendliness of JoAnn the owner and her daughter. I left rooting for them to be successful and thinking who we can send there for a nice authentic Thai meal.
5	As I sit here, I am so full and happily satisfied, all I want to do is lay down and chill! But, I had such great food tonight that I feel compelled to write this review.  My sister RAVED about this place so naturally I had to go and check it out.  And with her paying the bill, how could I lose! Win win for me!!!  So as we pulled up, it's a quaint little place off of Dobson.  It had about 3 tables that seat about 8 and about 6 booths or so.  It was very clean and not one ant in sight as previous reviewers had mentioned. I am hard to please when it comes to Thai food.  My mother is from Thailand and her cooking is phenomenal! I find that 98% of the Thai restaurants are too "Americanized".  Not here though! This is so much like my moms cooking that I am willing to drive the 50 miles/1 hour drive just to eat here.  While there were choices for the buffet, Joann (owner and chef) gladly cooks something fresh and tasty for you!  She will make it any level of hotness for you and even caters to the little ones with hot dogs or grilled cheese. So onto what we had for dinner....Drink - Thai tea.  Sweet, creamy and the real thing!Pad Thai - This is always a favorite for everyone, although not so much for me at other Thai restaurants because it is usually cooked with some weird pink sauce which should not be in Pad Thai (something you'd expect Sheriff Joe to serve in tent city).  But Joann knows what she is doing! This is the best Pad Thai I've ever had besides my moms.  It was very fresh with cool and crispy bean sprouts. YUM!Lad Nah - I grew up on this dish.  It is very good! A yummy broth with thick noodles and beef! The broccoli was not soggy or sauce soaked, but crispy and fresh!Curries - I had a few of the curries that were up at the buffet.  Spicy and good! It paired well with the steamed white rice.  They were rich in flavor and just the right amount of heat.Spicy Chicken  - It was just fabulous! Spicy with layered flavors! So good with the steamed rice. It had that spice that kept you coming back for more!Sweet Fried Shrimp - This was very tasty! Tempura fried shrimp with a sweet orange sauce.  And I'm not talking little tiny salad shrimp.  Good sized shrimp! More than you would expect from a buffet.Desert - Sweet Sticky Rice with Banana and Coconut Pineapple Ice Cream! Need I say more.  As full as I was, I managed to eat this and enjoy every last bite.  The sticky rice was sweet and warm! Went well with the banana and ice cream.  A wonderful way to end a spectacular meal!Joann, you are an amazing cook and a gracious hostess!  My family and I will definitely make the 1 hour drive to dine here again.  Thank you for the amazing food and wonderful service.  Although I sit here miserable because I am so darn full, I am happy, happy, happy!And for those who are concerned about "ants" they have an A rating for their establishment.The buffet was $9.99 per person and $1.99 for the Thai Tea.
5	Good food and good service
5	Tonight we were pondering where to go to eat and decided to try something new. From the outside it isn't a place we would normally stop at but with the reviews this place got on Yelp we decided to give it a try. We were pleasantly supprised!This is not set up like a typical buffet where you serve yourself, they bring the food to you. They are only open until 9:00PM and we went around 8:00 PM. There was only one table of 3 people. When we came in we were greeted right away and shown the buffet area. They let us know they didn't have as much as usual because they were closing soon and were not very crowded but made us feel right at home. Everything we had was really amazing, we especially LOVED the ice cream at the end yum. Just go here..DOOO ITTT.
5	This place might not look like much on the outside (or the inside), but the food is truly phenomenal. (And we think of ourselves as pretty decent foodies). We came late on a Wednesday night, and they're only open til 9, but we were told to help ourselves. When we told them we were vegetarian/seafood eaters, they said they would custom make our dishes for us, separate from the buffet. It then turned into an amazing meal as the mother/owner/chef asked us what we wanted and promptly went in the back and started cooking for us. We weren't too picky, so we ended up with a tofu green curry and a shrimp pad see uew. We also had salad first, with an interesting semi-spicy vinegary dressing, maybe a tamarind? that was delicious, and then the entrees were crazy good...amazing flavors like no Thai I've tried, and it was the best Thai I've maybe ever had. They also brought us out some fried shrimp, and we had a Thai iced tea (mmmm coconut milk). They topped it off with dessert, which was homemade pumpkin custard, that had rice and red bean on the bottom, and coconut ice cream on top. The mother/chef was so lovely and chatty and made sure we liked her creations, and even brought out the leftovers of it. It felt like we were in her kitchen :) We had a Groupon and felt so bad for the kind of food and quality that we had gotten and what we paid that we left a doubled tip. If only it was a little nicer inside, I'd love to be there every week, but the food makes up for it. Will definitely go back...yet another amazing hole-in-the-wall find in PHX!
3	I really believe this place has some great potential. My boyfriend and I decided to try this place out after finding a Groupon deal for them. We went in at about 12:30 on a Thursday afternoon and there was very little food made for the buffet. Their customer service needs a little improvement. We kind of just stood there not knowing what to do. I think it is very important that when a customer walks in your store you should greet them. The food was very good though!! Maybe they were a little understaffed that day. Maybe next time will be a little better.
5	My girlfriend and i visited this restaurant last night. We went with a Groupon, happy to experience some Thai at a discounted rate. The short of it is I would have been more than happy to pay full price for this experience. We walked in and were immediately greeted by the owner's son who seems to help run the front of the house. We asked for the buffet and were a bit confused at first. Most buffets are a "run wild" style but we were told soup would be served as well as an appetizer. After eating an excellent bowl of soup (not really sure what it was haha) and a delicious appetizer of seared shrimp, we were left to fend from the buffet. The buffet provided more than we would need or want. Curries were present as well as chicken and pork dishes. I didn't get into the details of what I was eating. I wanted to try it all.Not only was the food spot on but the service was like nothing I've ever experienced. I had such a good time at this restaurant that I took a photo with the owner and her son. These are the types of business owners that would do anything to keep you happy. This is the type of place I will take people when they visit from out of town. It really was THAT good. I want to also note that throughout our meal we were given updates on what was being cooked and when it would be ready. We actually received a plate of food after finishing our meal which they boxed for us to take home. This type of generosity isn't normal where I've dined in the past!If you're looking for great Thai and even better service/company, go here and be amazed. I don't think many restaurants like this exist.
2	the rating is more like 2.5. oh this isn't a hate review. Read for details I guess this is family owned, and we went on a thursday afternoon and it was half full according to me for thursday lunch. She got a deal for this place (10 for 20 groupon) and that' why I went there, I generally tend to stay away from Asian Buffets, because 1. they dont have many vegetarian options.2. They don't really differentiate much between vegetarian and meat, even when it comes to preparation, so don't be surprised if you see an occasional meat piece in your "vegetarian food".Like i said that is my general observation after being to several of these places. But let's see what's the story at this Thai Buffet Reason for the 2 stars ( or shud we say Pros)- Really Friendly people.  Both the old lady (cook?) and the teenage girl (server) were really friendly and tried their best to be personal. - Amazing desert (coconut sticky Rice?) check the pic- Trying to set up something of a different buffet for a change, I like the concept of a Thai buffet (which for people who don't know is way different from a regular Asian Buffet)Reason for the LACK of 3 stars ( cons, really)- No vegetarian options, absolutely NO Options. Oh the rice paper Vietnamese role counts, but does it entail the entire buffet? Thai food has so many lovely vegetarian options, but it was sad to see the place not even try to make a single entree. - I just feel there was one lady back there preparing everything on her own, so basically when she goes in, she comes back after 20-30 mins with a dish, all along people just wait for it, because the 1-2 dishes out here are empty, what kind of buffet does one havta wait? Eventually people just give up and leave, is this a strategy? Just saying!   - When I asked the old lady about it, she said she will make something but never came out or to me with it until I was done eating, guess she just wanted me to leave lol. - Finally when I asked again, the old lady came out with egg rolls and she told me the reason they were late was because she had put the 'frozen' egg rolls in the oven too long and a few parts were burnt so she cut them off and brought me the rest. I was like :| (Frozen, really? I could go to costco and buy them myself, whatever happened to making somethin? and really cut the burnt parts and bring me the rest?) - Oh they didnt even have a drink in the buffet, so basically I had nothing to eat & drink at all. Anyhow, I would love to come back and check it again in future, if they do make some changes about the cons above, & ofc if they have something veggie other than costco frozen rolls. But if not anything I just would love to come back and say hi to the wonderful people at Thai Buffet. Like I said, this was never a hate review, I just feel like there is tremendous potential for improvement to a lovely idea.
3	I am writing this review for the benefit of the owner, more than anything.  I REALLY wanted to love this place.  I am a huge Thai food fan; having lived for years in Thailand.  Pros: The Beef Salad was delicious (sirloin) with Jasmine rice.  I ordered Drunken Noodle (pad khii mao) off menu and she gladly made it for me. The noodles were the right kind of noodle, which is rare, and it was quite good. I didn't try the buffet, because I wanted specific tastes that weren't presented.  There were a lot of thai dishes you don't find on most Thai restaurant menues in the US.Cons: Disappointed that they were out of green papaya, so I couldn't order the Som Tum papaya salad.  Men's restroom needs to be fixed, especially if it's been down for some time.  The giant, literal, hole in the wall as you go to the restroom is unsightly and gives too much view into the back.  If the window states that you have "sticky rice", I would expect true Thai sticky rice to be given.  We were given a green-ish rice that was okay, but isn't what you would eat with Som Tum, etc.  We were told that the rice is "expensive" but it isn't what we ordered.  Sweet Rice or Glutinous rice is expected.  If you don't have it, say so.Everything felt strange to me.  When we didn't accept eating the buffet, it felt strange.  Each time we would order an item, it felt strange.  I can't explain it.  The food cooking time seemed a bit too much, too.Some minor changes could make this a great place.  Is it worth trying this place?  Sure.
3	Let me just preface this by saying that the dessert deserves 5 stars! The sticky rice pudding with mango is divine with their homemade ice cream. I could eat bowl after bowl after bowl. After reading a few reviews, I think I could have given this place a better rating if I didn't do the buffet. Don't do the buffet. Its not very good. There isn't much selection and like I read in one of the reviews... you may find a piece of meat in a vegetarian option. So if you go for anything other than the dessert (which you should just go for that) maybe try something other than the buffet. The pad thai was dry and left us feeling rather ill. The curries were ok... Like I said, I am sure the food is better if you DON'T do the buffet.The mom and daughter run restaurant were friendly and it looks like they work pretty hard to keep the place running smoothly. It appears that the mom is the cook... and only cook... so there may be a delay in food. Anyways, this place gets 3 starts because of the dessert. The buffet was not very good at all. Not at all. And if it wasn't for that delectable dessert I probably would have given the place 1 star.
3	Been here once, loved the idea of it. The sweet lady that served us just kept bringing us different foods, I thought that was awesome. We had our 2 year old with us and she was sweet with him and catered to what little kids like. The food was decent, not exactly super memorable.
3	Got the groupon - so we went to try it with some friends.  We arrived around 7:30 on a Saturday and the buffet was EMPTY.  And I mean it.  They told us they got wiped out from Groupon, and we scraped together whatever was left to make a meal (my company preferred to just eat since we were already there).While the owner made our party of 4 a big plate of Pad Thai, we were also treated to a small plate of fried spring rolls.  We asked for a few more and were told it would be an extra charge.  How confusing.  Is it a buffet or not?  Also a little disappointing because we were willing to eat the scraps that were going to be thrown out (we were the only ones there), but they wouldn't make anything else.  We had asked about a couple items pictured that were not out, and were denied. Seems like luck of the draw on what you get when you go.The food was pretty good... really enjoyed the yellow and green curries.  They weren't too spicy.  The pad thai was decent - but we wished we had more variety.  They did let us take the rest home, though.Dessert was great.  Even though they were out of true sticky rice, they whipped some up (same flavor) with Jasmine rice and it was good!We helped ourselves to glasses of water, and once we did that - they were kept full by the owner's son.  The owner was sweet but conversation was a little awkward and kept us from enjoying our table conversation.  I think that is part of the plan - slows you down a bit and you eat less.Anyway, I would go back - but MUCH earlier than I normally eat to get fresh food.  I also would probably not want to pay full price.  It would be a great deal if the buffet had variety and was plentiful, but not when it's empty and you have to pay extra for additional items.
5	I love it! Hospitality and good food. dessert by itself is AMAZING! She will go above and beyond to make you feel welcomed even  cook something new and fresh for you if that what it takes.. love it.
5	This place is an absolute gem. The food is delicious (the buffet is made fresh and changed out often and is extremely affordable considering the amount of care and love put into the food). Joann is also the main cook (if not the only one unless her kids are helping her from time to time) so the food is made with the same consistent, authentic home-style quality. Joann is really talented and really flexible when it comes to making her customers happy. I feel like I'm eating in her living room and it's a real comforting feeling.There is a wide selection of soups, curries, finger foods, salads, noodles, sauces and toppings at the buffet and if there is something missing that you were perhaps expecting/craving, Joann will do her best to scrounge up something in the back especially for you so you walk away feeling taken care of. Every time I go in, the buffet is a bit different. Perhaps the curries are a bit different or one day there's potstickers and others there is eggrolls. I absolutely love this because I feel the variation keeps the place a unique and interesting Thai staple here in the valley.Again, I must stress that even though it's a "buffet" Joann isn't limited by this and will make you food to order if you request and will do everything in her power to make your experience a good one.Seriously, probably the best Thai place in the valley and one of my favorite places to eat in general.
5	My new favorite place!! It's a little hidden treasure that you would never guess has so much heart! Joann is the main cook and is SO sweet. Made me some of her Pad Thai and I'm now constantly craving it. My fiance was in love with the Orange Shrimp and Green Curry. For $9.99 a person, it's a steal. Oh, and you know how everyone keeps saying their dessert is outta sight? It's true! Coconut and Pineapple ice cream? YUM!Can't wait to go back!p.s. The service is top notch and they really go out of their way to make you feel special, quite rare these days!
5	This place is my favorite Thai restaurant. The food is always excellent and you couldn't ask for nicer service. I highly recommend eating here.
5	My boyfriend and I had dinner at Thai Buffet this evening. We discovered this place through Groupon. The atmosphere is not great, and they don't have wine, but the food was all homemade and very delicious. The woman who owns it is the cook and she is a hard worker and aims to please. I don't eat meat, so she made me a vegetarian curry. My boyfriend loved all the dishes on the buffet.  We will go back.
4	My family and I had dinner the other night here and food and service is great. The owner specially made a couple of plates for our grandchildren to eat which was extermely nice of her. The dessert of sticky rice mango icecream was awesome. The outside doesn't look nice but the food is great, so give it a chance if in town.
5	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =So sad, so sad.  After everything having been fine here with Joann on Monday, she suddenly closed forever yesterday, Friday.  This was a very special Buffet place & my Yelp friends & I will miss her and her restaurant a lot!     :-((
4	They are CLOSED due to A/C emergency.  The sign said CLOSED FOR GOOD!  Need a refund on our $20 voucher and do not want anyone else to be also inconvenienced.
5	Got the $20 for $40 deal and was hesitant at the use of the "b" word (buffet) but couldn't be happier about this choice!! Sweetest woman ever who cooks all the food herself which is delicious and the entire place is very well run. Ten bucks for all-you-can-eat dinner, I highly recommend this spot!Those who complain are complaining about the surrounding area and these bland people have just never lived anywhere but americanville and they don't realize that with certain foods, the less-fancy the area, the more authentic cuisine you find! Two thumbs way up to this spot!
5	CLOSEDI was so excited to see a Groupon last week for Thai Buffet! They closed in June and I was so happy to see them back in business. I pulled up on Monday, opened the door, and much to my dismay the place was in shambles. Nobody was around to ask, so I'm hoping this was mid-remodel and not the result of vandals. I've eaten here a few times and Joann was so sweet. While it was a small buffet, Joann would also make you food to order if you wanted something that wasn't on the buffet. She also made some of the best peanut and chili sauces. I really hope she re-opens, either here or a new location. Otherwise she will be missed. ;-(
