5	A bunch of young guys that are fast & very helpful. Needed an oil change & a smog check to renew my registration. Then they directed me to a nearby kiosk so I didn't have to go to the DMV. Overall, they were fast, friendly & helpful.
3	Not my favorite gas station, but I'm always in the area so I fill up here frequently.  Because there's a Costco, Best Buy, and other fun stuff nearby this station can get very busy.  As a result, it can be a challenge to get in/out....I prefer empty gas stations, ha!The convenience store is  your typical Terrible Herbst store with video poker machines and stuff.Return Factor - 50%
3	I generally go to Costco for gas but this morning I was out early and Costco was not open yet so I went to Terrible's.  As for price, they're aptly named.  The gas is about 12 cents more than Costco so my not planning ahead wasn't too smart!I have been inside to get the Las Vegas Weekly or CityLife but this was my first purchase.
1	This is the WORST car wash spot in Las Vegas and way OVERPRICED.  I tried it out because it was close to my new job location.  You pay $10 just to go through the machine wash.  They don't provide you with the hand dry afterwards....not even to get the left over water off of your windshield.  My tires don't even look like they got touched with any water.  And FYI, I get a car wash every week, so it's not as if my car was a disaster.  This was straight BS.  I recommend the ALAMO CAR WASH on Rainbow and Russell.  You get the full exterior works, with hand dry and tire shine, for only $7.
5	I always get my oil changed here....and I mean always! Rocky always takes care of me and I always get the best service. Besides with an oil change you always get a free car wash! I just came here the other day to get my smog check and they always have coupons in the mailers that you can bring in to get discounts on a smog check or oil change. They are always quick and efficient so that I can move on with my day. Rocky always remembers me and thanks me for coming back....that's good customer service!
4	If you buy a full-service car wash at the pump, you save 20 cents a gallon on gas.  I mention this because while waiting for my car to be vacuumed and dried I noticed at least two people got a full-service wash and then got gas.  That's just backasswards.The full service wash starts at $14, which is a little pricey.  But the car wash people are really nice and the car wash works well.  The staff inside the store are also nice. Always a pleasant experience.
1	First time at this car wash for just an outside wash. Multiple choices to pick from ranging from $5-$10. The $10 package was touted as the most "popular" package - so that's the one I went with.The wash is a standard drive-thru wash with a single track. All of the "services" that are provided with any of the packages are performed in the drive-thru. The reason for the 1-star is due to 2 things. Upon pulling out of the wash, there was no direction as to whether I was finished or not. There were two employees standing outside twirling towels like pizzas, not paying attention to cars coming out of the wash. Another employee walked up 2 minutes later and directed me towards the other 2 employees. When I pulled up they asked for my receipt and then said " you only bought the outside wash? you're done." Hmm.Hence the other reason for the 1-star is that, it is not detailed anywhere on the signage that the external washes are all AIR DRY. Seriously? For the same price I can go down the street to the AM PM and get a wax, towel dry, and tire shine. Sorry Terrible Herbst - your packages are terrible, your employees are terrible and now I feel terrible for having wasted 10 dollars at your car wash. Never again.
4	I've been a fan of this particular Terrible's since it opened. It's conveniently located on Charleston, and it's ALWAYS open. The gas is a little pricey, but when it's 3AM, and you need gas, this is the best choice. Trust me. Plus, Costco is closed that late :)Inside is nice and clean. Decent selection of food and beer. They have a limited selection of wine too.The guys who do the oil changes are pretty fast and reliable. I've had my smog test done here for about $20. Friendly service. I also love the full-service car wash!
3	I usually visit this location for an exterior wash. I am not a big fan of Herbst stores because they generally fail at keeping the store stocked, faced, and clean. This is one of those stores. I rarely go inside... Gas from the pump. Car wash from the pump. Service at the car wash is usually very friendly and quick. Frustrating that they don't open the wash until 8am.
5	I went in for an oil change thurs at noon. Great service, not too pushy when i turned down the extra services and products, and i was literally out of there in 16 minutes...yes they actually did the work...i could see them doing it.
4	I go here for gas from time to time.  The prices are usually the same as the other Chevrons West and East of this location.  It is conveniently located across of the Red Rock and in the Best Buy / Costco shopping center.The convenience store is clean and the employees are usually very nice.
4	I stop in here for drinks and gas before heading out to Red Rock.The store is very clean and so is the restroom.There is a car wash that I need to come back and try out someday :)Staff is friendly and there are a lot of choices for shopping and eating nearby.
5	Fast service and good prices. I am a fan. I got a smog check here last week, in and out in less than 5 mins- $19.95.
4	This is my favorite car wash in Las Vegas.  It's the type where you drive through the automated washer cave inside your car  and then when the cave spits you out your get out and the washer boys vaccuum the inside of your car, shine the wheels, put armorall on your dash, etc. The staff here are so friendly and helpful, both the oil change staff and car wash. They all seem so grateful to be working here which is refreshing.  When I got my oil changed (this gets you a free car wash) it was finished in 20 minutes and I went on a Sunday at about 10am!  Bravo!
5	I use this Terribles Car wash pretty frequently. The girls working the check in area are absolute joys. Good Hiring.
5	Nice store, they have smog and car wash there which is nice. Store always seems clean. No towel dry after basic wash though.
5	We stopped in here for a few drinks and candy bars as we were out on a drive. Very nice inside and clean. The clerk at the register she was very nice and even told me if I got my candy bar a King size it was on sale and cheaper than the regular size!! Very Helpful. If we are every in the area again we would stop in.
4	This Terrible Herbst station is located directly across from the Red Rock Casino on W Charleston.I like this location because they have a pretty good car wash if you just need a quick express wash and you do not want to exit your vehicle. You get an exterior wash for $6.00. I do not care for their full service wash. I tried it a couple times and They did not clean my vehicle as well as Fabulous Freddy's cleans it.They also have an oil change at this location, and they use Valvoline Oil & filters. Well, they used to. I haven't had an oil change there for a while. I have been going to the dealership, but when I get busy and can not make it to the dealership I won't hesitate to get my vehicles oil changed here.I really do not pay much attention to the fuel prices here because there is a Costco just behind this location, so I always fuel up at Costco.
4	Went for the oil change and car wash combo.  Great service and organized process in getting you in and out in a timely fashion. However minus one star for the inside cleaning of the car wash. Minor Spray marks and spots missed on Window and mirror and dash.  Overall I would go back.
3	I stopped in because my car really needed some attention.  I got it washed, waxed, leather cleaned and detailed for about $60. Not a bad price.  My only complaint was my trunk wasn't vacuumed so I took it back into a bay to have that cleaned,.  (Trunk was large and empty so it was silly to me no to have popped it open and quickly vacuumed)I'ts particulary convenient because it's by the gym so if you have a 24 hour fitness membership, drop the car, work out, come back and it's all nice and clean
5	I love all terrible's gas stations, this location however is my all time fav being so close to home. Love and use the car-wash often.
4	Have always had great service and an excellent job with car washes at the Terribles by my house. That has to be a tough and thankless job, but the guys working on the cars are always cheerful and friendly! My car always looks excellent! They are great!
1	Always overpriced on gas and no longer sell Amp... Employees are usually rude and seem like you are a bother to them.
1	This gas station is close to my house so I go here a decently often.  I haven't had any major issues until today.  I stopped to get gas and the pump said my credit card was not authorized and that I had to go inside.  I called my credit card company and spoke with someone who checked my account and said there was nothing wrong with my account and that there was no reason my card shouldn't be authorized.  So I went inside and the only employee was a guy named Milton.  I started explaining what had happened and he interrupted me to say, "Oh, I know what's wrong.  Your credit card company doesn't want you swiping at the pump; there's an issue with your account."  I finished telling him that I had just gotten off the phone with the credit card company and that there was nothing wrong with my account.  He said, "I see this all the time, and it's the credit card company's issue."  Since I've never had this problem before, I asked him what the difference was between swiping the card at the pump versus swiping the card inside.  He said the only difference was that at the pump, they pre-authorize your card for $125 when you swipe (it's actually $126 according to my credit card company) and when you swipe indoors, there's no limit.  So I swiped my card and started walking outside and he said I needed to tell him how much I was going to put on the card.  I told him I didn't know exactly what amount it would take to fill up my car at which point he told me I had to tell him how much to pre-authorize the credit card for.  He acted like I was an idiot for not knowing this so I explained (again) that this is the first time this has happened and that I didn't know I had to specify a pre-authorization amount and that he was asking for that amount, not the amount that would actually get charged.I tell him $80, go outside, and call my credit card company again.  This time, the lady I spoke with talked to some other people and reiterated that there was nothing wrong with my account and that there was no reason I shouldn't be able to swipe at the pump.  She said that she saw the two attempts at the pump and that the pump wasn't sending the pre-authorizations correctly and that it was an issue with the pump.  So after filling up, I went back inside and let Milton know that I called my credit card company again and that they told me there was nothing wrong with my account and that the pump was sending the wrong information.  To which he said, "I know what's going on.  It's an issue with Chevron."  I replied, "Wait, I thought you said it was an issue with my account?"  He said, "It is an issue with your credit card.  And maybe something with Chevron."  I carefully explained, "I called my credit card company twice now, and both times, they said there was nothing wrong with my account.  How can you tell me there's an issue with my account if my credit card company says there isn't?"  And he said impatiently, "I see this all the time.  I know what's going on.  Your credit card company doesn't want you swiping at the pump."  At this point, I didn't want to start pointing out his inconsistencies and logical fallacies since I would probably end up being incredibly rude about it since he was so frustrating, so I just walked out.  His arrogance, illogical and non-sensical arguments, and general ill demeanor was extremely off-putting.
4	Came for oil change and car wash. Staff was so nice and they were quick. Very knowledgeable.  Car wash was standard but they do a hand dry which is nice.
3	I only use this location for smog checks twice a year and a car wash every couple months.  I always use a coupon for the smog check and I've always been in and out very quickly.  The car wash really is a get what you pay for scenario.  It can be hit or miss but the basic car wash is only $13 with a coupon so it's a fair price.  This last weekend I went was actually one of the better washes and interior vacuums I have received.  Too bad they didn't ring up my coupon but I did call and the manager said they would adjust the price next time.   I don't think I've ever seen the popcorn machine on at this location which would I wouldn't mind munching on while waiting.
