1	According to a quick web search, I've learned that a scullery is a secondary room used for several things. It can be used for washing and cleaning, or even as an overflow kitchen. Apart from it's traditional use, I never saw bar in a description of scullery. Perhaps that's why we saw a couple try to bring their baby in? I don't know, but Scullery is definitely a bar and babies definitely aren't allowed. If you do plan to come here, don't bring your kids or you'll be kicked out and upset screaming that you'll "never return" as you walk out. Yes, that actually happened.For those with common sense, here's how to find Scullery. They are inside The Ogden and located on the far east side of the building, right on the corner of 6th and Ogden. When you walk in, you'll see a small bar with limited seating to your right and some small tables with additional seating to your left. Walk down the hallway and you'll find three 6-seat private booths with bathrooms oddly placed right next to the them. Then hidden way in the back is a 100 seat jazz theater. I can only assume the theater is where they plan to focus all their business with the bar and additional seating in the front used as a non-traditional scullery. See what I did there?During our visit, we spent the majority of our time in a private booth, which in my opinion are extremely uncomfortable for many reasons. The seats themselves suck and unless everyone in your party is 5' tall or less, expect to be bumping knees and elbows all night. There's also no barriers of any sort in the booth area or anywhere else. So, as you're watching everyone come in and out of the bathroom right next to your table the whole time, you also get to hear the echoes of noises from every other section of the place. If you wanted to hang out in the bar area, forget that. Once there's about 15-20 people in there, you won't even be able to move. So, even though we spent no time hanging out in the jazz room, I'd blindly recommend you just go straight there.Now, on to Scullery's two sided menu. The first is their "Fine Intoxicants" which feature 5 specialty cocktails, a fairly extensive wine list and 10 beers. Our somewhat waiter/bartender categorized the cocktails as digestif. I got to sample quite a few of the drinks from what everyone in our group ordered and I wasn't a fan of any but one, the Ogden Anthem. It's slightly cola like and even though I don't drink soda, I thought it was decent and it's definitely easy to drink. I ordered an Old Fashioned for myself which I didn't like at all. It felt like they made the drink and then filled the rest of the glass up with tap water. Lore got the Downtown Afternoon which tasted like straight up pineapple juice. With the majority of their cocktails running $10+, I just wasn't feeling the drinks at all.The other side of the menu is what the call the "Gourmet Pantry". Unfortunately, they don't have everything available just yet so they were only offering up sample boards. They had three to choose from, a small board for $17, a medium for $30 and a large for $50. Another employee came out to describe the boards and told us that the small is only designed for 1-2 people and we'd probably have a hard time splitting the large between the 6 of us. It was a bit disappointing as we all wanted to check out what they had but couldn't justify paying those prices. Apart from that, I didn't understand the service here. When we first arrived, it was dead and our bartender/waiter was pretty attentive and helpful. After we got our drinks, we pretty much never saw him again and just kept having random employees come "check" on us. There was no organization and I know they're new, but it seemed like the few people we dealt with were way too uninformed on what they were serving. We did have the food/beverage manager Jeremy come introduce himself which was nice but the service lacks. They even messed up our check.All in all, I just didn't dig this place. I wouldn't say I was in a rush to leave but I had no desire to stay and I definitely won't be coming back. Sorry Scullery, but you just didn't impress on any level for me.
5	Everyone is very nice and helpful. We came to late for food and stuck around for drinks and had great conversations with the people here. My friend said that the food is great too!If you're looking for something chill with a great atmosphere I would highly recommend this place!
4	This place, located at the corner of 6th Street and Ogden, is an excellent addition and alternative to the DTLV/East Fremont Street District bar scene. The space is light and airy up front with high ceilings. Toward the back there are darker, more intimate booths. If you continue toward the back and around the corner, it opens up into a large room with a sizable movie screen and an upstairs area that's available for private events. This spot is a great place to come if you want a good selection of wine and craft cocktails with attentive but unintrusive service and want to avoid the chaos of East Fremont. Excellent for a date or catching up with a friend.
4	A little sophistication and class added to The Fremont East Entertainment District. Craft cocktails, very respectable wine and beer choices, delectable array of artisanal nibbles, and a small cabaret theater toward the back that appears will feature a fair amount of jazz and some other off the beaten path/eclectic programming. For the edibles, think items along the lines of high quality brie, cheeses, olives, breads, meats, berries, etc. Perfect for sharing with good company. Staff has been very attentive, friendly, and personable. I thought a cool feature was while the jazz band was playing in the more secluded back stage area, they piped that live music toward the front bar area, perfect for keeping the vibe throughout the entire space. The piped in music was played at a level that was not intrusive and seemed to encourage a good vibe and (most importantly) good conversation. The Scullery will certainly not attract the high fiving brah crowd, and I have a feeling that's just the way they like it. Oh, and very easy valet parking across the street at El Cortez, for those that think walking a few blocks is just out of the question.
4	For true cocktail drinkers. Cute, small bar with a cozy feel.  If you are looking to have a great cocktail in a quiet bar this is the place. This past Friday it was nuts on Fremont with the punk bowling crowd and this was a great escape from the chaos. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was because my girlfriend didn't enjoy her drink, only three sips, and the bartender didn't notice and try to fix the situation.  We were the only ones in there and it would have been nice for him to check back with us about the cocktails.  Will go back one night to try the charcuterie.
4	One of the coolest aspects of being an avid Yelper is choosing the next location to review. Take downtown Las Vegas for instance. This place is just filled with energy and the presence of top notch pubs/restaurants. Very recently, a bar by the name of Scullery opened which immediately caught my attention. Not because of the prices, or the vibe, or even the staff. Initially, it was because of the name. I'm not going to lie. My first impression of the word was more of a morbid description. I knew my education failed me at that instance, so I took to the World Wide Web. It was fascinating to discover that the term "scullery" originated in Britain and Ireland and refers to a room in a house used to wash dishes and launder clothes, much like a kitchen. The word scullery evolved in the US to our present day utility or laundry room. Captivated by its background, I knew I had to check it out. Scullery is located on the corner of 6th and Ogden. This bar is nestled on the bottom level and East corner of the Ogden high rise apartments. Entering the joint, you'll notice a very airy and modern space. Painted exposed brick walls, dramatic vaulted ceilings and aesthetic archways. One of the immediate focal points is the bar backdrop. This 7 shelf unit holds spirits, wines, jams, oils, pasta and more. The vibe definitely exudes a kitchen like quality. Learning more about this place, the intent is to mimic the kitchen congregation theme at parties, which is, no matter how great a party is people still tend to gravitate towards the kitchen. This eclectic space includes bar top chairs, couch seating and of course, the hallway. Walk through the archway, down a dark path and you'll discover intimate booths for more of a cozier setting. At the end of the hallway is their second room, a Black Box theater. Black Box literally means a theater of 100 seats or less. This place holds true to its meaning and offers some awesome entertainment. The night I visited, there was a spoken word segment and improvisation classes. What a true delight!Overwhelmed by the never ending surprises Scullery offered, I decided to have a seat at the bar and order a few drinks. What's cool about Scullery is their extensive wine and beer list. They offer an array of reds, whites, bubbles, rose and brews for your enjoyment at a price range of $10-$15. On top of that, Scullery holds true to its name and offers an amazing spread from their gourmet pantry. Items like cheeses, olives, nuts, breads and cured meats are available for purchase. On this particular night, I decided to try a few of their specialty cocktails. Here's what I chose:The Royal Crashpad ($10.00), a cocktail made with Carlson's, Strega liqueur, Imbue Bittersweet vermouth, ginger ale and lemon juice. What's great about the first note in this drink is the ginger. Then, the Strega and Imbue combined makes for a very earthy herbal taste. The final note I got from that was more a licorice flavor.Sixth & Ogden ($11.00) contains Imbue Petal & Thorn vermouth, Maurin Quina liqueur and Botanuals. Although I have no idea what Botanuals are, I can tell you this drink is not for the weak! Lots of different notes and flavors will leave your taste buds super curious. I could taste a citrus flavor, elevated by an orange peel rub to the rim of the glass and a slight cinnamon taste which ended with a strong bitter finish. Downtown Afternoon ($11.00) was probably my favorite of the three I had that evening. It's made with Krogstad Aquavit, pineapple juice, lime juice and simple syrup. The prominent flavor is definitely the pineapple juice. What balances this drink out is the licorice and caraway taste which helps to break the sweetness of the pineapple. The word digestif was used a lot by the staff when describing these cocktails. Digestifs are drinks meant to be enjoyed after meals and the herbal notes you get from these drinks solidify the intent. Speaking of the staff, I'd like to give a warm shout out to Calvin our bartender and Jennifer our cocktail server. They were two very accommodating individuals, easy to get along with and full of charisma. At the end of my evening, I noticed a discrepancy on my bill. What impressed me the most was the way they handled my mention. Instead of trying to justify why the bill was incorrect, they simply took it back and corrected the issue. That's a HUGE win in my book. At the end of the day, hats off to Michael Cornthwaite and the crew at Future Restaurant Group. Scullery has shown some amazing potential and has definitely brought a unique footprint to the downtown scene. I don't know about you but whenever I have a party or a get together, somehow the kitchen really becomes the center of entertainment. The next time you're downtown, gravitate your party to this eclectic kitchen called Scullery. Order a drink at the bar, grab a bite from their gourmet pantry and enjoy some local entertainment in the Black Box theater. You'll be glad you di
5	Awesome spot!!! Loved the food that Claudia prepared for us and the drinks were amazing!!! The staff here is really nice and attentive :)
4	Last Night DowntownSoulLV played at Scullery . If your a musician/performer and have not seen the space you should! Their VIP room is very nice Private and Intimate. they also have a Improv Comedy Hour with Paul Mattingly and Matt Donnelly featuring Spadoni on the keys Wed's at 10! People there gave it great reviews but we'll see.
5	Mkay, Maybe I am a stupid but someone really should put a suite number on the yelp stuff:) It's Suite 190 for those that are drunk, stumbling around downtown trying to find this place. I really dig this place. It's got a very pacific northwest vibe. The booths are a bit cozy and dark which is actually very cool but I can see other yelpers whining about it as a negative. This isn't one of those seen and be seen places. It's purpose is far less superficial. - Make sure you ask for a house tour, the surprises are great:) The wine selection is pretty good but the cocktails are where it's at. Think of Downtown Cocktail rooms little brother but with a magnificent Charcuterie board. I loved the staff, they were great denizens of the place. I'll be back for sure.....
3	*** This review is for the performance section of the Scullery only ***Thanks to Ty W. and his excellent review, I was able to go from the Neonopolis garage directly to the Scullery for my first screening of the Las Vegas Film Festival.  I think the room sign says 79 people capacity if I rememebr correctly.  For the film festival, they have plush sofas in the front reserved for film makers and other VIPs.  They then have several rows of standard metal chairs--not folding ones--for the audience.There was some difficulty with the sound last night and the movie had to be restarted and they still tinkered with it after the movie was going.  Also, there were only a handful at this screening so we were told to move up.  The sofa seats are quite comfortable.  It's good the movie was good.  I could have been asleep easily with the comfort I enjoyed.The room has another entrance, but access was controlled for the public through the Scullery's main entrance at 6th and Ogden.  When leaving to go to the Inspire Theatre for the next screening, the narrow aisle by the booths and the people standing, talking, and drinking in the bar area made for some fine people dodging to get to the next venue two blocks away.It's an OK venue but not one you'd write home about.
3	Interesting concept, kitchen-like area for gathering and only for ages 25+, but fell flat for me. The bartenders were snooty and unhelpful when we asked them about the obscure liquors in their cocktails.  The cocktails were on the pricey side, but not strong.  I had high hopes for this place but I'll go elsewhere to pay $13 for juice. thanks.
4	This review is strictly for the music venue never tried any of the food although the charcuterie plate April D had was looking very eye appealing! I came here support fellow yelper in our awesome yelp community Bobby Yang and his Unrivaled Players band. Unlike the last venue they played in here at Scullery U truly get too appreciate the music. The first thing that came too mind was MTV unplugged. Not sure if anyone remembers back in those days?? Or maybe just cause am that old. Not! Totally the vibe I got from the intimacy of such small venue. There not way that place holds hundred more like half that amount. The main stage area not really stage but more like open living room area. Not truck load of amps or equipment around just old fashion acoustic set up. The decor the cloth back drop all around, the rugs around the open living room/stage area, and felt like seeing Natalie Merchant on MTV unplugged. The sound system is on point. Never problem between both sets. Since such small venue you literally feel like part of the band the whole time right smack next to them. I would never think from the outside find such gem of venue in downtown more less basically in back of bar. Not sure the amount of bands or if they have concerts on weekly basis. If you know of band like that playing at Scullery would highly recommend it.One thing though about Scullery being such a small venue but more for the bar area up front. While waiting for the concert open the doors. It ridiculous HOT! Too much bodies in small area sucking up all the air. Couple of us hanging outside the front door get some fresh air. The venue itself has nice a/c so that was weird going from hot then cool. Felt so good! The bar set up really tiny but very artistic look and inside couple of booths that can get together with friends hang out drink talk stories at. The waitress felt like not around much the whole time from before the concert during the concert. No doubt Scullery bar that would come back again for concert. Or if going on bar crawl downtown I would make it one of the stops.
5	We, along with 6 friends, visited the Scullery on a recommendation... WOWOur group was the only party in the place early  Saturday night before our later  dinner reservation..We were blown away by the presentation of our delicious Charcuterie Board Shared two medium boards for our party of 8.. there wasn't one item  that wasn't devoured ... it was a perfect amount. Our servers where outstanding- I am sorry I cant recall their names-( they worked on Oct 18th)- they were helpful,engaging and extremely knowledgeable.Additionally, what they assemble on the board is truly a work of art! Enjoyed our experience! we shall return~
4	Both times we have been there have been very enjoyable. We knew what to expect, a nice and slightly snooty wine bar. And we were happy! They have beer, and handcrafted cocktails as well. The bar menu is limited  to charcuterie platters, but they are very very good!
4	cute lil place... the chef made us a beautiful spread of meats and cheeses that was not skimpy by no means like other places, good wines!
