1	When I picked up my prescriptions, the computers were "down".  Was told to pay full price, bring back my receipt in 10 days and they would refund the difference for what my insurance covers.  I came back in with all receipts in 7 days and was told they no longer had the info in their computer.  Now, I am out $65.00 due to incompetence of their "childlike" pharmacy workers.  Store manager, just shrugged her shoulders.  Sorry, there are too many retailers fighting for my business, I will NOT be back.
4	Open 24 hours & a RedBox outside! :-)
3	This location is very peaceful when I come here. I like shopping here after hours and I feel safe.
1	One of my most least pleasant walgreens experiences ever. The people were rude and I ended up having to go to another Walgreens anyways which was much more helpful. Safe yourself the time from these disrespectful people.
1	This has nothing to do with the Pharmacy side...Basically in line to checkout with only one register open.  I'm not sure if it was the manager or not but he called for Photo (whoever the person to come)....instead the gal at the makeup counter says I'm open here....Later I hear the photo gal say the same...IMPROPER TRAINING YOU BUFFOON!!!!!!You don't leave customers waiting in line and haphazardly say come here!  You say "NEXT CUSTOMER IN LINE" and if they decide to go or not that makes the difference!IDIOTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Come in here spend money. Girlfriend has to use the bathroom and management says it's closed. So I ask them to open it and they won't, crazy to me thanks for nothing Walgreens!
1	Had a bad experience at this location- I ordered a photo calendar online, the confirmation email stated my order would be ready after 3:16. I came in to pick it up at 3:20, there was no one to help me, has to wait 15 min for the right person to come help me. Turns out my calendar wasn't ready and needed another 20 min to be printed. No apology whatsoever. I don't have an hour to waste, yet I had to. Unacceptable
5	The best walgreens on Rainbow blvd. the staff are knowledgable friendly & down to earth hospitable management is caring & will handle all customer service needs that come there way. Can't say enough great things. To mention a few names. Dara ,Camie , Tanya, Jackie , Seth, Melissa, Karen. So many more that I have left out & I'm sorry. Kudos guys for being the best part of my day Every-time I come in!!!!!!!!
1	I am a Crohn's Disease patient for 20 years, I have been a CUSTOMER for many years. The FDA and DEA recently changed the laws governing Hydrocodone. No problem, I have had MULTIPLE SURGERIES my last being a TOTAL PROCTOCOLECTOMY (They remove your large bowel and rectum and colon) I defecate in a bag now They did not tell me of this pending law and I had (1) more fill being that my surgeon prescribes 3 months worth! When I phoned in my re-fill I was directed by the recording to a pharmacist. He informed me of the new law no problem. I asked why did your company inform me and I would (slip of paper in my prescription etc.) I would call on my doctor and make preparations for this new law! This law now states that only hydrocodone patients cannot receive multiple fills nor the doctor cannot call it in anymore, you have to have a hard copy and it is only valid for 30 days. I now have been without meds for 3 days now! How thoughtful of Walgreen's to communicate with their customers! I called today and the pharmacist says now that we had the notices on our counter, I said I use your drive through service why could one of your Pharmacy Tech's enclose that notice when I had made 2 previous visits in the drive through! I called my companies medical provider Express Scripts and they said no problem, and in Nevada you can receive 3 months worth regardless of the new law Walgreen's did not even tell me that nor did the Pharmacist say we have a mailing service that would assist you better! I now am taking ALL OF MY PRESCRIPTIONS including my spouse's to Express Scripts! By the time I get an appointment with the doctor for this new law and I am one of many in his practice it will take a couple of weeks. The prescription cannot be called in nor faxed it has to be MAILED IN! Thank-You Walgreen's for your cooperation and informing a disabled patient of this new law! I will NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM WALGREEN'S AGAIN!
1	Wow. The red headed woman who works in the clinic is downright f**king rude. Wont step foot in this place again.
