4	The small business woman's best friend.  At least it was mine. Though my business was more micro than small, Kinko's helped me with everything from creating invoices to routine faxing.  The folks there have always been pretty helpful in giving ideas - though with some folks were more interested in talking to each other than helping a girl who at the time didn't know the difference between Word and Excel but needed to create a marketing document.  Ah, silly girl.Now that I'm a more savy business person, I've used their services for massive training documents and big ugly audio visual gunk.  Yea, that's about how much I cared about all that. By my favorite thing about Kinko's is their fun paper and envelopes for personal use.  It's weird to buy a card there, but when you realize you've spent the last 16 hours working on some work crap that you've been doing at that pace for the last week - you might want to pick up a mushy "I love you" card for your significant other who's putting up with it all.  Or maybe a card for the Anniversary/Birthday you're missing while you go back to the office?  I'm telling you - Kinko's knows what you need before you do.
5	Dear FedEx Office / Kinkos, you have saved my ass on numerous occasions, and I am forever indebted to your fabulous hours and helpful staff. Being the procrastinator I am, this place is my haven on Sunday night when those nasty Monday morning presentations need to be..well, presented. Went in here again last night with the same scenario, and got in an out with no problems! Living on my Mac for so long caused me to feel like an idiot when it came to the Windows operating systems, but with a little assistance, I got it! 10 page presentation with color images for 8 bucks? Heck yes.
5	I've used this location on quite a few occasions.  They're open 24 hours, and the staff is always friendly (even at 2 in the morning).  I've been extremely pleased with the quality of print services I've received.  This place is great if you procrastinate on a school or work project and need something printed up real spiffy-like in a hurry.
1	I walked in this morning. There are 2 employees standing at the counter. NEITHER looks up to even say hello to me. (Although, as what looked to be the morning shift was arriving over the course of the 15 minutes I was there, they said good morning to everyone who worked with them that walked through the door) This place is a "print center" and they could not print on simple card stock that my regular home printer can print on. So lame. The card stock kept jamming so they wouldn't print anymore for me, even though it was printing them beautifully, they were just jamming when they were coming out so they had to keep opening the machine. At any rate, 1 star because for being a print center they should be able to PRINT.
5	So, I had a job interview early this morning.  I forgot to print the attachment yesterday, and when I got up this morning, I almost had a heart attack!! I looked to see what kinko's was open early (as most of them are) but was close to where I was interviewing at.For starters, they open at 6AM. This, my friend, is a huge lifesaver!  I called them first thing, and talked to a really nice guy and got the email address for the store itself. I told him that I would be there in half an hour to pick it up on my way in.  He was really cool, and helped me out with what I needed.  After I emailed him, I called the store back and made sure they got it. I gave him my name and told him I'd be there in half an hour.I walked in, literally 30 minutes later and the paperwork was ready. Granted, it's not a huge complicated project, but being that I didn't bother to check the night before, it was last minute on my part and lack of preparedness.  I grabbed the paperwork, paid the $$ and took off, all in a matter of minutes.Thank you Kinko's for saving my ass.  Thank you for being open early and being quick and cool about stuff, and helping a sister out.  I don't know what I would have done of they weren't open so early and so readily available to help.
1	POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE:Called to get a price for one print job, and the guy who answered the phone interrupted me three times to quote prices before hearing the details of the print job. Needless to say, his first two quotes were less than half what the correct price for the job. They would not have honored the first two quotes. The guy was rude even when I thanked him for his help.
1	Not cool: Putting me on hold for "one minute" and forgetting about me. Also, how hard is it to have my order ready on time?
5	I've had several items bound at this location.  I will agree with one other review which states that staff doesn't look up or greet you when you come into the store.  This is very true; but they get the work done which is the main objective.  It's still better than Dave Chapelle's "Pop Copy".
5	I had some items I needed copied for first week of school that were not something I felt I could do on my own because of irregular sizing etc. I went full service and it was quick and painless and I was in and out in under 10 minutes. Awesome that this location is open on Sundays.
1	If you go to Fedex office you better bring your lubrication. Because the prices to use the internet service will rip you a new asshole. Plan on spending like 50 dollars if you want to write a document or scan something. By the time you finish you will be so stressed from the amount of money that is accruing..to the internet going slow so that it racks up dollars without you even able to do anything that you will want to rip your head off. I recommend calling the libraries near you to see if they charge money to use the internet or do some digging on where you can pay decent prices and not have your asshole torn apart and bloodied by the FEDEX ORIFICE PLUNGERS.  Don't go to Fedex or you will be FEDUP!The guy that works there didn't like me cursing but if he was in my shoes he wouldn't like the fact that it took like a half of a days pacheck to pay to scan a couple of items. The corporations are now ripping assholes in the American people. This is because most of the large corporations are "Illuminati". The Illuminati are the families who control the world and they own most of the fortune 500 companies. They have decided that in this time period they would try to bring down the United States people by destroying their way of life by increasing prices for everything. Notice your food prices going up? They call it their "New World Order". Well..this is what Hitler talked about as well. Research "the Illuminati" and find out how they are ripping every Americans asshole apart by poisoning our food, water and air to kill us and raising the prices on everything to destroy Americans.
