4	I grew up in this neighborhood so Sunrise Library has always been my go-to library. What's nice about the Clark County library system is that if your home library doesn't have the book you're looking for (which is about seven times out of ten for Sunrise) you can request it online and it'll be delivered to your home library when it's available. At Sunrise, when your book has arrived, you can get it off the hold-shelf yourself and the check-out process is now all self-serve and electronic. I'm pretty sure it's like that at all Clark COunty libraries now, but really loving this feature at Sunrise because their staff is small (but friendly for the most part) and the line could get pretty backed up. Staff is available for those who aren't self-sufficient or are technologically challenged.This is a very child-friendly library with a great children's and young adult section and they often have small group activities and show children's movies here. Schedules can be found online and you can get on the mailing list to get a quarterly newsletter/events calendar for all Clark County events, book clubs, etc. There's also a small art gallery that changes, I believe, quarterly. Nothing's ever struck my interest, however if you're in the area and looking to check out some art, you can pop by Sunrise and take a look at the spread there. You can't control the patrons of the establishments you go to, so my only comments on this are, look at the neighborhood, assess and have your mind right and ready when you go here because there are some characters whether they be obnoxious high schoolers there to do anything but check out books and/or study or the elderly man who can't figure out the self-checkout process and verbally assaults the staff member trying to assist him.  Overall, a decent library with a moderate selection with nice staff and has finally caught up to the 21st with modern check out processes.
3	I am very disappointed in the lack of customer service here especially coming from the MANAGER. I called in this morning just to find out information about my account and the book that I was being charged for from two years ago. A lot of things happen in two years, honey that you become forgetful of. I previously rented a DVD and turned in the disc only without the case... the rep from 2010 said that she would notate my account and make sure that no one on my account would rent anymore dvds via MY REQUEST for this. So, I basically called in to ask for previous information on my rentals to make sure it wasn't the SAME disc that I was being charged for. Instead of letting me know my previous rentals.. she kept telling me what I was being charged for and hung up on me. I called back to tell her she was disrespectful and would like the number of someone who is higher than her.. and she clearly hung up on me again. I called back once more and asked the "assistant" to just give me the corporate number and she said, "Okay, hold on..." BEEP... Hung up on me as well. Then I called back again.... She picked up and hung up on me. So, I said forget it.. I will google the number myself. I spoke with 7025076184. She was very kind and understanding... LISTENED to my problem and said she would call me back. She hasn't yet, but hopefully I will get a call back soon. I mean at least she showed some patience and understanding non like ANNA who is the manager at Sunrise Library. I do hope I get a call back to resolve my issue because two years is a long time and I just need someone to refresh my rental history for me. Why is that so difficult?! Other than that, I won't be at Sunrise anymore... I'd rather travel to the one on Washington and Las Vegas BLVD because of Anna and her assistant's rudeness of customers.
4	Although this is an older, smaller library it fits my families needs quite well. They have a good supply of materials - everything from books to DVDs and they have a great set of Children's Librarians.  My kids like their story times and look forward to going to the library. Because it is a smaller library it is a little crowded in the summer and around story times.
4	I love this library! Very quiet, friendly staff and I like that they will request an item from a different library to avoid you having to travel to a different location. The only negative thing I will say about it is some of the books are out of date. I went to try and gather information from a culture different than mine but could only find travel books which were really of no help. Besides that, good place to go.
5	Great customer service, clean facilities, and quite. Perfect hidden spot near my work to relax and read while on lunch break. The staff was great and explained the library system, I love that you can return items to other libraries. Comfortable chairs and temperature. Will definitely be coming back.
