4	I've never actually seen a show here but took classes from Martin Thompson. Martin knows his stuff and I would recommend him for anyone who wants to break into acting.
5	This is an awesome cozy venue!!  Get on their email list and see everything they offer!  Hilarious plays (just saw Every Christmas Story Ever Told last night....so funny...these people should really pay me to come and see their shows cause I laugh nonstop!)  They also have cult classic movie nights (like Gremlins!  hilarious!  and free!!)  Decent wine and beer selections and prices.  Go to the website and hunt down the PWYC (Pay What You Can Night) and you can have the chance to see the show for a discount.  If you do this though remember it is first some first serve.  So get there early around 6:30pm and grab a number, when they call your number go and pay what you can (suggested contribution can be around ten bucks).  Awesome spot!
2	"Every Christmas Story Ever Told" was slow and not that funny. Spoiled by comedy and improv options in bigger cities, we expected something more fast paced. The first half DRAGGED.
5	I love this place!  The shows can be hit or miss (more hits than misses for sure!), but still worth it!  It is a small, cozy, comfortable place that really cares about being local and celebrating that.  They also have lots of fun shows, do a FREE Cult Movie Monday each month, and have many specials.  Check them out for sure!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!  I personally love musicals, enjoy plays... so my 1st encounter with ATC was when they're showing The Great American Trailer Park Musical in August 2010.  Cmon people, how can anyone pass that up??!!  The performance was GREAT.  The stage is small, which turns out to be one of the reason I like this place.  There is NOT a bad seat.  You can see everything.  By the way, seating is not assigned and 1st come 1st serve.  On a hit show, that can be a problem if you want to sit with your honey (or whoever).  Get there early enough to get your choice seating.  Then I found out about the Pay What You Can Night, which is normally a Wednesday.  That night you will get to enjoy the same show for whatever you can scrap up from your couch (or $10 is suggested).  For people who are on tight budget (hmm... me & lots of my friends), it's a great opportunity and I am very very appreciative of it.  (Check their website for PWYC date for each show)  Drinks & snacks (aka chips & cookies) priced reasonably, $3-5 for beer/wine, $1 for a snack pack.  Parking is free and plentiful in the lot next to the building.  Since then I've seen 39 Steps (hilarious... though I don't think that's the original intention) and Every Christmas Story Ever Told (not growing up in the US, I totally missed all the references... so not as funny for me).  I am looking forward to Pageant the Musical.
4	Plucky shows, affordable tickets, easy parking, well priced concessions - can I get a woot woot? I'm a big fan of this venue! I finally got a chance to hang out in this intimate theatre for the showing of Pageant - which was hi-larious. In addition to the great features listed above they have cult classic movie nights the last Monday of every month. Think Gremlins, Drop Dead Gorgeous, etc. These movies are free, too! Plus they also offer a Pay What You Can Night, and as Melissa B said, make sure you follow instructions and get there early! Because of the ease of this theatre I know I'll be back to see more. Keep an eye out on their website for new shows and specials. This is the perfect small theatre to support in Charlotte. Go arts!
5	Support local! I love this place and they have a special showing of all their shows I think at least once a month called 'Pay What You Can Night'.  That's just icing on the cake.  I went here last night with my girlfriend and our friends and I wasn't really looking for anything fantastic in terms of talent or venue.  Boy was I surprised.  Maybe not so much in terms of the venue but the talent was superb.  The staff and opening host of the show were super friendly.  The place really has a grass roots feel to it and I love it.I would suggest anyone to come check out a show here and support this local theater.
5	The best show in town right now to see is original Rocky Horror Show. They are doing the 1973 stage production, which the movie was based on and it is FANTASTIC. This ain't your mama's Rocky. The music has a great deal of nuances that are amazing, and the dancing is great. There is always something happening on stage, so I just went and saw it for a second time because I know there were things I missed and I was right.
5	I didn't know this theater existed until I went to see their run of the Rocky Horror Show.  It's a great pace with an intimate feel and a good seating layout.  There really isn't a bad seat in the house (unless you have vision/hearing problems).  The beer and wine selection at their concession has much more variety than I expected and their box office is a breeze to deal with.  Seriously, how many times can you go see Phantom?  Avoid the tired mainstream stuff and check out the edgy shows that ATC is putting together.  You won't be disappointed and you might even expand your horizons.
5	This is by far my favorite local theater. I have seen several shows here (Hedwig & The Angry Inch, Rocky Horror Show, The Clean House, The Pillowman, and most recently, CHAPS! A Jingle Jangle Christmas, to name a few.) I always love their performances, and their selections keep me coming back over and over.I have also been lucky enough to meet some of the staff through a mutual friend, and can say that they have the nicest staff imaginable. The theater's success is no doubt due to Dan, Chip, Robert, Mike, Carrie, and Maile.The tickets and concession prices are more than reasonable, but if you're on a budget, check the website for their Pay What You Can nights for each production. Another favorite of mine is Cult Movie Mondays, the last Monday of the month, which is free with free popcorn. Next time you're looking for something to do with your evening, check out what's playing. It will definitely be worth your while.
5	Wow, just wow. I mean, can we say wildly entertaining? I'm not going to lie, I didn't know what to expect. A  BBC, Western, Christmas? I mean really, what the heck? From the Rick Moranis, Honey I Shrunk the Kids/Two and a Half men looking sound effect guy, to the animated and monotone straight faced band, and cute lead woman singer (and no I don't mean one the guy dressed like a wench), to supporting singing actors. They were all amazing and entertaining.Great acting, amazing voices and just a feel good all around good time. These guys are pros!
4	I have been to the Actor's Theatre for several productions now, and I always forget to review them.  From Chaps to the Evil Dead to Rocky Horror, some are packed, some are, well, less than packed, but they never disappoint.If you should happen by on opening night, they typically have an extra special event where you get some tasty goodies from the sponsor (seems like it is usually the same one, but it may change from show to show) as well.They also have a cult movie night on (all? many? some?) Mondays with free admission and popcorn, so be sure and check that out if you are looking for something to do.Like most places, they have a nice little bar, and drink prices are not too bad, but it would be nice if they would give you the whole beer instead of pouring 2/3 of it or so into a cup.  I do not know if they keep the extra little bit for themselves or the next guy in line, but it is just one of those things that can be a little annoying, you know?
5	I went on Friday, Feb. 10, 2012 to see the production of "Cuttin Up."  I really enjoy the quaint atmosphere, the people and the craft.  The production was awesome, Mr. Randolph did a wonderful job.  I hope to see more from him.  I will definitely put this on my "To Do List."  ~
4	This is a nice cozy place to Explore New (and old) projects. I came in on Friday night to see Clayborne Park. Great show, good set up. Nice drinksFriendly staffI will return!!LOCAL NOT FOR PROFIT
3	If not for the Yelp Elite event this past week, would never have thought to come here!  I've always been a fan of theater, big or small, and was excited to attend the preview of Sister's Divine and check out the local theater crowd.The theater itself is a cute, welcoming building with a fairly priced concession stand and welcome area in the front.  The parking situation was a little bit confusing.  We weren't sure if we had to pay and we took our chance not paying, and it turned out alright.  The staff was very friendly and warm.The theater itself is small but comfortable, maybe fits about 200 or so?  Reminds me of the off, off Broadway theaters in New York.  We were able to snatch two seats in the third row middle after being chased away by a few older patrons wanting to grab better seats.The show itself was fun and well done.  I was impressed by the gusto of the cast and had a few laughs along the way.  I could tell there were still a few tweaks to be done to the show, but overall it was a pleasure to watch.  I'd love to come back to see different kinds of plays.  It's a great alternative to the usual bar/club scene on a weekend.
4	I'm glad that a YELP event brought me here. The theater is small and feels really comfortable.Parking is bountiful and free! Yes, the signs may be confusing but the friendly staff is there to ease all concerns. There are plenty of drink and snack options and a nice sitting area out front with cozy chairs and tables. When you walk into the theater, the seats are comfy and no matter where you chose you have a good view of the stage...I appreciated that very much!  I absolutely love supporting local venues and events! The play was very entertaining and it's always good to spend a night out with other Yelpers.  I will definitely be back!
4	Upon entering the establishment, it's a quaint lobby, with the ticket booth & concession stand, that is easily marked and visible.Location - surprisingly easy to get to from 277, to E.Stonewall, and the Actor's theatre is to the right. Place - the venue here was small and quaint, not your full sized theatre.  But to watch a play that is smaller in scale, smaller stage, you get the best seats in the house (regardless of where you are sitting).  My husband and I felt the emotions and feelings up front, watching the actors and actresses showcase their emoions. It was neat really.Divine Sisters Play - Interesting play about nuns with some scandal, with a splash of humor. I came on an opening night, and would not mind coming back to the last showing, to see how much they improved.Upon looking at other plays that will be at this location, I am very interested in coming back to watch the Christmas Carol.Pros - Will come back to see what other plays there areGreat seats, regardless of where you arePrice is alright, not too shabby, they have nights where "Pay as you can" -- definitely have to look into this one!
5	I was recently privileged to receive free tickets for myself and a friend to the play, "The Divine Sister," courtesy of Yelp Elite.  I have been a fan of Actor's Theatre for several years.  A big plus for this location is free and easily accessible parking.  It offers snacks and drinks for sale that one can take into the theatre.  Sometimes, they offer beer and wine whose names compliment the theme of that evening's production.  ATC also features Cult Movie Mondays in addition to plays and musicals.  This evening's performance of "The Divine Sister" delivered the bawdy, irreverent humor that is characteristic of this theatre.  Another success in a long line of accomplishments.  Thanks to Ben and J.J. for orchestrating a fun and entertaining evening!
5	It's a small theatre. It's a great theatre.Is parking free? Yes. Do they have beer and wine available? Oh, yeah.Do they tend to cast hilarious actors and productions? But, of course, good sir. Will I laugh? If you don't, you most likely don't have a soul. Recently came to preview The Divine Sister and loved it. Hilarious. The setting is super intimate -- the audience is basically part of the show as the stage is rather close to the seats. Other items of note:Bathrooms. Rather cozy and roomy. I'm a fan of a good bathroom and try to mentally bookmark where they are across town. This one goes in that book for sure. Lounge/Atrium. Tons of seating and plenty of space to grab a beer and wait for the show to start. Stoked to come check out another production very, very soon.Bottom line, I love this theatre. Great people work behind the scenes here and I'm happy to support the arts in Charlotte!
5	Actor's Theatre of Charlotte has the softest toilet paper of any public establishment in America.
5	You'll have a great time!  Newcomers may get nervous that they're so close to the action.  "Am I gonna be part of the show?"  You do get that "front row" at a comedy show type feel.This is intimate, this is personable, this is spectacularly raw and refined rolled into a booze encouraged party.It's just what the city of Charlotte needed.There's a ton of seating for a small theater and there's beer and wine offerings.  The actors and staff are friendly, engaging and practiced at their craft.A fun time to be had.  You'll be missing out if you don't come to a show.Try:  Bringing friends.  You'll be the cool guy that saw that band first.
5	Saw a post online they were doing "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" I know they did previously and I missed out so I was definately going this time. Was my first time here.. free parking and a good sized lot, the interior is cute and cozy.. you feel very welcomed when you walk in. The theater itself is small and intimate, there is not a bad seat in the house... I felt almost a part of the production due to the smaller size which was really nice. Big plus, the ladies bathroom... its big for a place so small.. seeing how the majority of us ladies ran to the bathroom during the intermission it was nice to see they considered the fact of a rush during the break. The bar had a good selection and decent prices, I would definately go again and support our local actors!
4	I've been to a few plays here, but most recently I have attended my friends' improv shows.  The theatre is very nice for a small venue.  The lobby is open and inviting with comfortable seats that make it easy to relax and converse before a show.  They have a small concession stand that sells soda, coffee, beer, wine, and snacks at reasonable prices.  The men's room is modern and usually clean which is nice.  Although it's just on the outskirts of uptown, parking is always free.  It's also a short walk from the Stonewall Lynx station.  My only complaint about the venue is that the seats are cramped pretty close together.
5	Very impressed with Sonia, Masha, Vania and Spike! Great actors and actresses and the seats were great. Got there 15 minutes early and got the first row.  Samples aka Spike was a major hit!
5	Went to see "The Great American Trailer Park Musical".  The show was awesome - very well produced and I don't think there is a bad seat in the house.  My bar drink, while pricey, was ...generous, to say the least.  It lasted the entire show! :)We will definitely be back - we had a wonderful time and felt very welcomed.
