4	I have been coming to this Starbucks quite a bit and for a long period of time. It is a nice quiet and smaller Starbucks on the west side. They always have everything brewed on time and they get your order quickly. It's generally cleanly and have some nice coffee-related products always stocked generously. The only thing I dislike about this particular store is the seating. For some reason people go there and take the bigger tables for just one person or take up one of the "comfy chairs" without purchasing anything just to sit... I know its a free country but come on... anyways, It is still a place I come back to regularly and probably will always.
3	I'm not a big coffee drinker, but when I am coerced to go here by coffee drinkers, the Passion Tazo iced tea is so juicy and delicious. Free Wi-Fi also makes me happy.
5	Cute corner shop across form the mall. Consistent service like you would expect from Starbucks.
5	Cafe vanilla frap with a banana in it!!!! Delish
3	I come in to read the paper and get coffee on Sunday mornings.  I have had pretty good service here during my past visits.  The partners are friendly, know the product (a result of the excellent training they get), and are willing to make drinks that had been on the menu but are no longer on the menu with similar ingredients.  Today was different.  The one working at the counter was probably 10 to 15 years older than most of the baristas and she sure was short tempered.  She tried charging me the full $2.50 for the paper, when it's only $2 at Starbucks.  She also didn't manage the line well.  The barista who may have been a supervisor told her to charge me the correct price and was far more pleasant.  What bought it down to three stars was an older woman pushing a walker sitting down across from me without even asking me if that was okay.  First, she's old enough to know that it's polite to ask someone if they are fine with you sharing a table with them.  She ignored my body language which indicated it was not okay and plopped her butt down and tried to make conversation.  I wanted to be left alone and she didn't get the hint.  I know there is limited seating but she didn't have to be so rude and oblivious to the fact she wasn't welcome.
1	I enjoy and occasional Starbucks Coffee and with the onset of fall, of course the Pumpkin Latte.  Recently I gave this location a couple visits and I'm not impressed.  One visit was around 8:30 a.m. on a weekday and the line was crazy long.  We turned around and left.  Good for them for being busy.On a second visit, once again a morning, I powered through the line, waiting more than 15 minutes to order.  When ordering the staff was less than friendly.  I have been testing the new Starbucks Rewards program.  It is a bit confusing.  I have it on my smart phone and I also get offers now that I am enrolled.  I let the person know I had $2 off a sandwich.  She said "do you have a code?"  I said no.  She said "well you have to have a code.  I can't redeem without a code.  Hurry up there's a line."  I said OK I may have deleted the email and I chalked it up to my fault.  I then went to pay with my phone app and the person said "I'm new, I don't know how to use that.  We can't scan that."  Once again rushing me.  Befuttled I paid with cash and waited in line for my coffee to be served.  I do appreciate the staff might be stressed but it does not give a warm fuzzy to me when it's implied that I'm the problem.If you are in a rush, this is not the place.  I've been to the Target and Hy-Vee locations which are rarely, busy.  Better yet, local owned places are more friendly.Based on multiple experiences I'll remember to go elsewhere.
2	The staff has been pretty good here for the most part but the seating area is awful and gotten worse.   Recently went there to relax before an appointment.  It was cold outside but I didn't expect it to be cold inside.  I wore my coat the whole time as it was quite chilly and they took out the nice upholstered chairs and put in stools and wooden chairs.   Up front there are just tall barstools.  Not a comfortable coffee shop.   Also the coffee is hit and miss for flavor.   it wouldn't take much for a new coffee shop to move in and take away the business from them.   Any takers?  Please say yes.
2	It's a typical Starbucks as far as workers and drinks go.  The location is very high traffic so it's tough to find parking and seating sometimes.The reason I give it two stars is because the majority of the seating is surrounded all by huge windows. I was there for a business meeting a week ago (and it is winter in Wi, so I'm used to the cold), but the windows were so drafty it was freezing by the seats.  I left my winter jacket on the entire time and was still cold. It's great in the summer, but very uncomfortable in the winter.
3	I normally don't go to Starbucks because I do feel that it is overpriced, but my wife and I had some time to grab a drink before we had to be somewhere. I got the mocha frappuccino while my wife got the caramel. They were very good, but as other reviews have said, the sitting area is very small.
4	Came in this morning and was greeted by a very friendly employee at the counter with a "Happy Wednesday!" A very good greeting for first thing in the morning, especially since I didn't have my coffee yet!The store was clean and the employees kept the lines moving. Was impressed all the way around!
5	I typically prefer locally owned, independent coffee shops, but the reason I come back to this particular Starbucks is because of the staff. The baristas have all been incredibly kind, courteous, and patient with customers--including myself--and even though I usually steer clear of corporate cafes, I now make it a point to duck into this location whenever I'm on the west side of Madison for work.
1	I am a daily starbucks visitor and I just had the worst experience I've ever had there.  Three men were working and while five of us waited in line for a significant amount of time,  NO ONE acknowledged our presence.  Finally someone threw on an apron and decided we could place an order.  No apology,  no eye contact.  Just mumbling through, being rude and hating his job.  I expect more from you Starbucks!  With what you charge, your customer experience should be second to none.
5	Now this is one of my favorite Starbucks in America. I travel constantly and always look forward to tgis one. Employees are kind and knowledgeable and consistently get the order right. There is lots of space and is well laid out. I wish I could swap this one out for the worst one in America right around my house in Downtown Plymouth Michigan.
3	Starbucks is Starbucks :)  it's not bad but you just have to know that you'll probably be waiting in line,  with no seat to sit down, and the coffee you get is not crafted with care.
