2	Ok if you like a place to take the kids to have a party or play games this is the place for you.  Not as great as a chucky cheese but big enough to host a party of kids.  The pizza was mediocre at best.  And really the salad came in a pre portioned bowl like fast food.  Quite a disappointment really.  First time there and probably the last unless we take kids with us.  It was edible and proably up to par for children but just not that great reaslly
1	To say the pizza was not so great would be a compliment. I didn't go in to the business with high expectations to begin with since I realize that they cater to kids. I was looking for a quick and hopefully inexpensive pizza with the understanding that this wasn't a gourmet food chain. In my opinion though, the price should be a reflection of the quality, care and time that went into a product or menu item and this was not the case here. The pizza was horrible and for the same price or a couple bucks more get a gourmet pizza at a real Italian restaurant (or get 2 to 3 frozen pizzas that would be better tasting). Service wasn't any better than the food. I ordered two side salads with my pizza and was told they were out of them at the moment but they would come out with the pizza, I said OK. It seemed to be taking a long time for the pizza so I went to the pick up counter and asked "is there was any chance I could get my salads before the pizza?". The person behind the counter says "I can upgrade that to a garden salad which is twice the size, is that OK?", I said sure. He leaves and comes back with ONE garden salad. I said "I ordered two salads", he replies that "one garden salad is the same as two side salads you just split it". Oh, how nice of this person to assume the other person I'm eating with is comfortable enough to share out of the same bowl! Not cool! On another occasion I went to the the same counter to ask a question and the manager saw I was there and ignored me. I took about 40 minutes for them to get our pizza out and they were not that busy. I also witnessed many people go to the pick up counter to complain about their orders being wrong or taking taking to long in the time I was there. All in all bad food and bad service. This was my first and last visit.Date of visit 5/22/11
5	We have only had pleasant experiences here.  The place is kept very clean.  The pizza is pretty decent, too.  We usually go for the lunch buffet so for the price it is not bad at all.  I love the play area for kids who aren't really old enough for games.  My kids have a blast here and the people who work here have always been very friendly and welcoming.
4	Nice place to take the kiddos.  Not a whole lot of stuff to play with but it's relatively affordable compared to a Chuc E. Cheese's.  I've been to 2 PP locations and I definitely like this one more.  Feels cleaner.  Friendly staff (the other location's staff was good, too).  Overall experience here was probably better just 'cuz we came here on a Monday afternoon when there's not a whole lot of people.  Great place to let your kids exert some energy!  Pizza's not bad either!
4	Peter Piper Pizza is on of my favorite pizza places even though we don't eat here to often which is the reason for my four starts. I personally would give it five stars but my husband wouldn't agree. These are his reasons and I agree, but I believe its totally worth it. They don't deliver which makes it a little inconvenient their prices are pretty high compared to other pizza places that do deliver. Even though they don't have a lot of business they take a little long in making your pizza, but over all its always very good so the wait for me at least is OK sometimes. The pizza buffet is pretty much worth coming for especially since they let you take it as take out for the same price.
2	Incompetent manager that wasn't able to cancel an order on one card so it could be put on another card....luckily for this place there is no competition so their customer service can be as poor as they want it to be
1	Terrible experience. Took my 2 year old which was very hungry and wanted PPP. It was buffet time but there was very long line so we ordered pizza, bread sticks and wings. We got our bread and wings and wanted for our pizza. 50 minutes later we went to ask how much longer on our pizza? Cashier came out and said manager said to go ahead and eat (cold, old) buffet pizza while they make ours. I was so upset and the manager didn't even come out to apologize and the manager that did come out to give me my money was ride and nasty. Will meet go back!!!
3	Well, we were the only customers here at 10:30pm for a late night craving. Service was prompt and friendly. It was great that the staff made us feel comfortable enough to chillax for the night chompin' on pizza. My small pepperoni was your typical pizza from Peter Piper. Dough was good with a floury crust and the cheese oozed stringy goodness. It  had an extra later of grease on top - that's the not so good part. It also tasted "rubbery and chewy" in its typical fast-pizza fashion. Not great but not bad either. It's a good fix when you want to pop in and out for cheap late night pizza. Hit the spot and the rest is forgettable. Done deal.
3	I've been a Peter Piper fan since venturing into the original 43rd Ave/Glendale location in '75. Offhand I can think of about a dozen stores I've visited over the years, including one in Albuquerque. Contrary to what my friend, the Jersey/Philly Pizza Snob says, I don't actually think PPP is the best on the planet, but I like it enough to keep going back after nearly 40 years.I was delighted when this store opened on Watson Road. Until then there was a competitor a little further south that I went to because, well, they were the only game in that part of town.I like the crust - it's not too chewy, and it's not brittle. The toppings are always fresh and generously applied. I've always been satisfied with their salads. I don't find their prices out of control. I'd love to give them a 4-Star review, but......some years ago they quit serving wine altogether, and their beer selection is appalling (3 products by a certain Midwestern beer leviathan...). They used to offer Miller Genuine Draft, which is pretty heinous itself but is marginally better than what they have now. I've mentioned this to them both in person and via the World Wide Interweb over...and over...and over. If you've read any of my other pizza reviews, you may be familiar with what I call "The Pizza Experience." Because of this I sometimes opt for yet another competitor, across Watson.It's true, they don't deliver, but no one delivers to my neck of the woods, so that's not a deal-breaker. Peter Piper will continue to have a customer as long as we both exist.Edited to say: I don't get the '$$$' rating. Once upon a time there was a Streets of New York at Dysart and McDowell. The last time I went in there they had jacked up the prices yet again, sending 2 18" pizzas and 2 beers north of $70...now THAT was expensive.
5	The customer service is great. Very clean and maintained well. Fast service. The staff always goes above and beyond to satisfy me and guests which is greatly appreciated. The food is always fresh and tasty, of course!!!
