4	My partner and I had a LOVELY time in Montreal, in part due to such a good hosting by Christian at BB Revolution.First off, this is a great location.  On the fringes of downtown, you can walk to pretty much anything or grab a metro to places scattered further about the city.  The B&B is actually two rowhouses connected through the front entrance, one is given a key and can enter and leave as they should so please.The decor is very interesting with old french posters and lots of handmade glass art.  We had a room on the bottom floor that opened up into the backyard.  We were given a room with a private bath (although micro in size) even though we did not ask or pay for one.A couple things make this a great value.  Breakfast is included with 2 eggs, croissants, bread, jam and coffee.  This can easily save $25 for a couple.  Also, locked garage parking is included for the duration of your stay.  This can save another $15-20 a day and is very convenient.Lastly, Christian was very courteous, while a little quiet, we had a great time interacting with him.  Peter, his god-son, was also very friendly and a bit more talkative and I'm sure a great resource but we did not meet him until we were leaving.
3	Pluses: good location between old Montreal and McGill; free parking; gay owned and gay friendly, but not a "gay" B&B; all kinds of folks stay there. Chockablock with antiques if you're into that. Open kitchen where you can make coffee or tea any time. Separate entrance for guests; you get a key to your room and the front door. Free wi-fi worked fine.I didn't like: slightly sour smell to the towels, watered down orange juice, croissants recycled from the previous morning.
2	This place was in a great location, and having parking was nice as well (even though the owner had us drive down a one-way street the wrong way to get to it, which really freaked me out). I can't give this place more than two stars though because of a few things.First of all, the place was old. I usually like staying in older homes with character, but this place felt musty, outdated, and extremely crowded due to all the antiques and knickknacks stuffed everywhere. The bed linens and towels were kind of gross. Clean, but old and pilling badly. Secondly, breakfast wasn't that great. I ended up having to buy something else every morning (to be fair, my husband was fine with it). And finally, the wi-fi didn't work the entire three days we were there. The owner kept saying that it would get fixed, but it never was.I wasn't expecting the ritz, but this place did not impress me. if I ever return to Montreal I'll be staying somewhere else.
