4	A group of us went for opening night at the Kitchen - and it's a keeper. Very impressed for the first day, and a suitable replacement (finally!) for Montmartre. Prices were fair; for drinks, wine, and a very filling dinner - we hit a bit over $40 per person. Lots of vegetarian options too.Favorites: * Pound cake - top 5 desserts I've ever had * Cheese & veggie boards - the table wouldn't stop talking about how much we liked these; almost all of the choices were great. * Ricotta gnocchi - this blew our mind. It was almost like stuffed shells. * Brick chicken - oh wow, the crust on the chicken hit the spotNeeds work: * Cocktails - it's like they are trying too hard. We tried four, and only two were good. * White beans w/ Braised Rabbit - just kind of there * Panzanella - bread was too hard, not tons of flavorThey have a fairly good beer selection too. Try the golden monkey on tap. Yum.I have to complement them on how polished the service was. I'm surprised how the decor really came together, especially after walking by yesterday and seeing a concrete floor in the second room.
5	Awesome. I couldn't be happier with the Underground Kitchen. I don't go to too many new restaurants, but as a former Madisonian, I had to come up for this one. Check this place out: it's now open in the old Cafe Montmartre and Sidecar location, but redesigned perfectly with an awesome Wisconsin cast iron decoration. The food is phenomenal. I recommend the veal tartare, the chicken, the tagliatelle, all of the desserts (especially the chocolate caramel torte)... everything really. Service is good, the proprietors/chefs are friendly, and the environment is homey and inviting.Eat there now, and eat there often.
4	The space is very nice, brighter than Montmartre but still cozy and comfortable.  Maybe I'm just getting old, but it was a bit loud making it difficult to hear.The "brick chicken" was very good (a tiny bit heavy on the salt) and served quickly.  Very satisfying.  We tried just one cocktail (#4) which was oddly neither here nor there. It was somehow both strong and bland.The service was pleasant and friendly.  They did seem a little confused at the bar trying to figure out who ordered what.  You'll be happy to hear that the (male) bar staff all either have, or are actively working on achieving the de rigueur ole tyme facial hair (no tweed though).
4	Great decor: nice wood floors, sleek bar, tasteful lighting (with Mason jars repurposed as light fixtures), and a very cool art piece on the wall: cast iron pans formed into the Midwestern states.I had the #11 cocktail, which wasn't on the menu. Gin with fennel, ginger, and lemon. It's reminiscent of a Dark & Stormy, but thankfully much less sweet. The ginger dominates, and it's delicious, but it would be nice if the other flavors could come through.We ordered the $15 cheese platter as an appetizer. Four or five different cheeses (most or all were local), two different breads, as well as a quarter of a pomegranate (watch out for the spray when you pull out the seeds--it will stain clothes), three dried figs, a persimmon (I believe), and a chunk of honeycomb. Very nice platter!The entrees we had were very good. Portions are small and beautifully presented. I had the duck pot pie, which was satisfyingly hearty and a good deal at $10, but my dining companion had the tagliatelle which seemed overpriced for a vegetarian pasta dish ($14, very small serving). No complaints about the service--our waitress was friendly, knowledgeable about the menu, and attentive.One complaint: the entire dining area smelled strongly of cooking smoke, tinged with garlic and other good smells. After a few minutes it was too much, and upon leaving the restaurant our clothes reeked. Better kitchen ventilation is needed!UPDATE: On a recent repeat visit, I had no complaints about smoke or smells.
4	I came solo on a brief visit to Madison over last weekend.  Arrived around 6 PM and decided to eat at the bar.  Service was great from the friendly female bartender/server.  My starter was the salmon tartar and after finishing it I wanted another--it was great. My entre was the veal dish served with pan-fried potatoes.  It called out for a nicely cooked egg served over the top to provide a nice sauce and a perfect compliment to the veal and potatoes. I had an excllent chocolate dish for dessert.  I loved the freshly baked breads and had one of the special cocktails which was very tasty.  Overall it was a very good experience while still having some room to improve some of the dishes.  Also for winter they will need to add a second door or other way to keep the cold northern blasts out of the main dining room and bar.
1	Extremely disappointing, fails in execution and seasoning.Duck Pot Pie: featured unevenly chopped vegetables of large and small chunks, resulting in uneven cooking. Nearly raw potatoes will ruin anything. Nearly raw unpeeled potatoes with rough skins, many eyes, and gray areas under the skin are doubly unappetizing. The filling languished in a thin broth and was indifferently seasoned. The biscuit on top was wonderful though. Meat Plate: venison sausage somehow managed to be tough and bone dry yet incredibly greasy. Too much fat in the head cheese, although the olive relish would have provided a nice counterpoint to a good head cheese. Mediocre terrine, on the sweet side.  Spinach salad with caramelized apple and pickled onion, andouille and sherry vinaigrette: Very good flavor combination, brought low by rubbery sausage and spinach leaves that were approximately 5 square inches large. Decor: perhaps if the food was good I would stop complaining long enough to care.
3	Good food at an amazing price. That being said, they seem to be working out the kinks of a new restaurant, which makes it hard to give it a fourth star. The drinks and appetizers were excellent, but my entree was a real struggle to get through. It was a parsnip cream sauce over excellent fresh pasta, but the parsnip sauce was very bitter and bland. Salt was requested to take the edge off, which apparently is frowned upon since it took maybe 10 minutes for the waiter to bring me a shot glass with a few salt crystals. Food snobbery like this isn't that offensive to me, but when the restaurant doesn't yet have quality control in place to ensure they aren't serving old parsnips, which I am guessing is what happened to those of us unfortunate enough to order the pasta that night, it is really disappointing. All this aside, the space is great, and the quality of the rest of the dishes was enough to make me want to try again.
2	I think my expectations were too high.  I was thinking Nopa in SF (nopasf.com).  You can decide for yourself what I got below.Some low points:*The greeting.  I don't expect a happy cheerleader but I do expect eye contact and an attempt at a smile or welcoming nature.  I saw this lacking with folks who arrived after we did.*Too experimental.  I was very excited when reviewing the menu.  The simple labels and titles are great.  But, upon arrival of the dishes, I was overwhelmed.  For a person who LOVES to experiment with new food and gives everything a try, this is a first. If you stumble upon this place while  looking for the Old Fashioned, keep looking.High Points:*Our waitress was great.  Efficient, friendly, knowledgeable.  Quite nice in Madison.*The atmosphere is awesome.  Very good for both a small group or an intimate dinner.*The cocktail was delicious.I will give it another try as I want to check out the bar.  Hopefully that will raise the score.
5	If I could give more than 5 stars to this wonderful establishment I would in a heartbeat. As far as the negative reviews go, pay no mind. I went there for my birthday and could not have been more pleased. The server was extremely knowledgeable and helpful regarding beers, food, specials and deserts. Beer selection was very unique and the appetizers were delicious. (I still have dreams about the chicken veal meatballs.)For my main course I ordered the pork chop which was served with home cooked mac and cheese and sauteed brusselsprouts. SO GOOD! I will go back again and again!
5	We had an excellent night at the Underground Kitchen. I loved the feel of the space, the drinks, and the food.I was quite impressed by how they transformed the place from Cafe Montmatre. They've painted the brick white and used a light wood paneling for the bar and kitchen divider, and the look feels modern and rustic all at once. The lighting is perfect for a bar/restaurant. I would spend hours here with friends again easily.The staff were knowledgeable and friendly. They were able to answer varied questions about the food and drinks, such as the farms where they sourced their meats, which items were vegetarian, etc - and were happy to answer our questions. We started out with a drink at the bar, since we had a 1/2 hour wait for our table. I had a delicious, not-too-sweet cocktail of fennel, lemon, and gin. It was one of the best mixed drinks I've had in Madison. The fennel was a unique addition. My husband had a drink made of rye, sarsparilla, and cherries that was also wonderful. I was impressed with the beer (a mix of local and non-local, from smaller-scale breweries only) and wine selection as well.When we were seated, we had the vegetable board to start. It involved a celeriac remoulade, a carrot-cashew pate, a bean and sun-dried tomato salad, an almond-spinach pesto, and a sprouted bean salad, served with bread from Madison Sourdough. I was very happy with everything on this plate.My husband raved about his duck, served almost pulled-style over polenta with a poached egg. I can't give an opinion on that one, as I am a vegetarian.I shared two smaller plates with my husband. One was a finely sliced purple kale salad, just barely wilted, tossed with black walnuts and some kind of crumbled ricotta cheese. I loved the subtlety and freshness of the flavors in this dish. My other dish was a brussels sprout hash, made of expertly-pan-fried potatoes and minced brussels sprouts, topped with a poached egg. I'm generally a bit squeamish about egg whites that aren't solidly cooked, but the Kitchen managed to strike just the right cooking point where the egg was creamy without being slimy. We didn't have room for dessert, but the selections sounded amazing.Overall, I'd say that the Underground Kitchen manages to be inventive by focusing on unique combinations of fresh, excellently prepared food, made out of few ingredients. It allows you to focus on very specific contrasts between the ingredients. The result is an offering of dishes that vary between hearty (without over-relying on deep frying or bacon-wrapping everything in sight) and lighter, brighter dishes. I think they pull the whole thing off very well, and will be returning whenever my budget can afford it!
3	I will definitely be back. The food was good. It wasn't great, but it wasn't bad, either. I will also note that my party and I dined during their first week, so I'm sure kinks were (and still) being worked out.Occupying a space that was formerly Cafe Montmartre, for those of us who remember, Underground Kitchen has done a *spectacular* job of renovating the space. The decor is very rustic/Scandinavian but still very much modern. It is truly one of the better restaurant interiors in Madison. We ordered a cheese plate, which was decent. The portions were scanty, though I shouldn't complain too much. I am a cheese glutton, and also, dare I say, somewhat of an expert. That said, the waitstaff didn't seem to have a clue what the cheeses were, or how to describe them, much less pronounce them. A very, very picky thing to point out, I know. After all, who goes to a restaurant just for the cheeseboard?  But still, this is Madison, Wisconsin, and I expect a little better from our restaurants that claim to be all about local items. I ordered a kamut salad just, plainly, fell short. The flavors were weak, unbalanced, and frankly out and out lacking. I was quite disappointed. I am a huge fan of kamut, and was excited to see a kitchen working with the weird grain, but I think this needs to go back to the drawing board.By the time we arrived, they were out of the entree I ordered, which was disappointing. To be honest, I don't remember what it was. I won't fault Underground for being out of something, having worked in food myself, I know how it goes. I ended up with the rabbit and white beans, which was decent enough. I mean, I think it was trying to mimic Cassoulet, but just didn't really get there. Much like the kamut salad, it was unbalanced and lacking rounded flavors. I will reiterate that I was there the first week they were open, so I'm sure there's been improvement. One thing I will say however, and something I don't think will ever improve, are the proprietors. Frankly, I was turned off by their haughty behavior in the kitchen. I know of them from around town, and was turned off to see them taking pictures of themselves in the kitchen area, in a kind of self-congratulatory way. Yes, good job on the restaurant, I'm sure it will do well, and you've definitely got a good thing going, but please, spare us the spectacle. Also, I take some issue with the theme of "rustic, local fare". L'Etoile has been doing this successfully for years, and is not a new concept by any means.
3	Great wine and cocktail lists, and reasonably priced, too. The food was a little more problematic....I'd decided on a salad with lettuce, walnuts and ricotta (boring, I know), but for the evening, it morphed into kale-hazelnuts-ricotta and I don't care for the first two ingredients. I opted to get the vegetarian tray instead, and was most excited about the cashew/carrot slaw. That turned into a Jacobs cattle bean dish in its place....The brussels sprout hash, however, was scrumptious! Potatoes, chopped up sprouts and a fried egg on top, and perfect in its simplicity. I might come back in the future solely for drinks and hash. I still miss Cafe Montmartre....
4	I've been here once for drinks and once for dinner.  The cocktails are fantastic - great combos made from fresh ingredients.  They aren't cheap, but you get what you pay for.  When we came for dinner at 7 on a Friday night, we waited at the bar for maybe 20 minutes.  I thought that was reasonable.  A lot of things on the menu looked good.  We started with a  cheese plate, then I had wheat berry salad and greens with a bacon dressing.  I had originally ordered a kale salad that they were out of.  Kind of annoying but I assume they are using just the fresh ingredients they can procure that day/week, so I'm ok with it.  I really enjoyed both of my selections.  We also had a great red wine.  As far as negatives, they do need to do something about the entryway and the drafts.  Wisconsin winter are way too cold.  Also, it's not cheap, but I think the prices are fair.
4	If you are looking for heapin' plates of whatever, go to Old Country Buffet. There is a reason this place is associated with the Underground Food Collective. (http://undergroundfoodcollective.org/) We were old fans of the Cafe Montmartre, but this group has done a good job with the space, brightening up the interior, putting in a curtain to ward off drafts from outside (hey, it's Wisconsin, buck up, willya?) and keeping a small menu. My hub had the sausage and lentil dish, which he thought was excellent. I enjoyed my squash gallete a whole bunch. The microbrews, wines, and top notch cocktail mixes are there to enhance your experience. I thought it was all reasonably priced for those who want to really enjoy and appreciate their food.And check out the kitchen...it's hoppin' and free entertainment. If you want to see how a place ticks, sit on the far left of the bar.
5	I loved the old Cafe Monmartre - and they've certainly paid homage to it by keeping the great vibe that Monmartre had!  The inside has an industrial farm chic feel, very cozy and cool at the same time.The drinks are outstanding - I have had the 'daily punch' several times and at $5 a glass it's a great deal too!  Great place to bring your foodie friends, come either early or late to avoid a wait.
5	food was fantastic! servers were wonderful! creative and well crafted menu items! Milwaukee Bike Polo club approved eatery!
2	I didn't actually get to eat here because of the hostess, but I felt compelled to review as her indifferent attitude definitely put a damper on my night.  I showed up at 9pm, meeting some friends who were running late.  I informed the hostess that there would be 4 of us and she tells me "20-25 minutes."  Okay, no problem.  I'll stand at the awkward entry way and wait as my friends show up.  A couple who arrived at literally the same time as I did grabbed a couple of seats at the bar.  My friends show up a couple of minutes later and we wait 25 minutes.  During this time, the hostess is standing at the bar chatting with a waitress.  She never once talks to us or makes eye contact, or anything of the sort.  When 25 minutes have gone by, I try to get her attention about how much longer the wait will be and having failed, I resort to just going up to the bar and asking her.  She looks around and replies, "at least another 5 minutes. "  Well, thanks but that's really not helpful in the least.  "At least another 5 minutes" could mean anywhere between 5 minutes to more than an hour to who knows how long!  When I returned to my friends with this useless information, we decide to move on from this place and go elsewhere.  I went back to the bar to let the hostess know that we decided to leave instead of waiting, she cheerfully replies, "okay!"  I don't expect a super friendly hostess, but at least some display of empathy for the fact that we had waited half an hour already.  I just wanted her to say something like, "Yeah, I understand.  Sorry you waited all that time for nothing."   That would've made all the difference in the world.  Instead, she clearly didn't give two cents about us as patrons.  It certainly put enough of a damper on my night that I am not sure that I will try this place again to actually taste the food.
2	We went to UK for the first time for their "Fowl Dinner," a 7 course meal featuring different kinds of fowl served at communal tables of up to 8 people.  The event began with a cocktail, Death's Door, that was delicious.  From there it was a mixed bag with some courses, e.g., foie gras on crostini with p.b.& j. milk punch and a duck egg flan for dessert, that were tasty and inventive, and some, e.g., squab done in a barbeque style, that were very mediocre or worse.  Some courses were served on flat boards with mounded piles deemed sufficient to serve 8 with a spoon for serving.  It was sometimes difficult to get right-sized portions off the flat platter before passing it around the table.  All in all, at $50 dollars per person excluding tips and drinks (with the exception of the complimentary cocktail), the experience was definitely not worth it.  The noise level was dreadfully high and one felt drained over the 2 and 1/2 hour serving time.  We would not try this again!
5	AMAZING food and drinks and a really fun atmosphere! great service and reasonably priced!
4	I have mixed feelings about this place. The food and drinks are great, beautiful atmosphere...so-so service.I've eaten here twice, and absolutely love the food. It's fresh, well-prepared and is very delicious. The drink menu is stellar! #11, #20, and #26 are my favorites!They offer really unique drinks (think carrot cocktails, lots of fennel and ginger, other interesting ingredients) at pretty reasonable prices. They offer really delicious nightly punches too for $5 a glass. Their dinner menu changes pretty frequently which is a great excuse to try something new. The salads are delicious, as are the cheeses (with the exception of the house-made ricotta...kind of bland..) and desserts. The only problem I have with the place is the service. The last time I went, our waitress took AGES to come around and take our orders, took 30 minutes to bring our drinks, another 20 to bring our appetizer...then had another waitress bring our entrees while we were eating our appetizer (not cool), messed up our second drink order, which we had to wait another 20 minutes for, and drove me nuts embellishing every word she said as if she were working in some famous French restaurant, moving in and out of an accent. It was just odd. I feel like the service is touch and go with this place, because the first time I ate their it was just fine. Who knows...Great eats though!! :)
4	if you love meats, curated....come here. good wine, good sausages.
4	Cocktails: Given the fresh ingredients in creative combinations, $7.50 for a cocktail is an eye-popping bargain.Food: My wife and I favor restaurants that provide dishes we can't cook at home. The Underground provides a unique culinary experience. The dishes are imaginative and feature some ingredients you just can't find in a store (just try buying ramps in a store). The restaurant seems to have smoothed over most of the  rough spots identified by earlier reviewers. I give The Underground Kitchen 4.5 stars.
2	Loved the decor and was really excited about the menu.Tried the bread plate with marinated olives and garlic. It was great.Also tried the asparagus panzanella salad. Was not impressed.Had a gnocchi dish as a main course. Was really disappointed in the texture and flavor.
5	Last night I ate at Underground Kitchen for the umpteenth time.  Each time is better than the time before.  The constant menu rotation is something rare in Madison and it's appealing. I adore the atmosphere at Underground Kitchen; it's an added bonus to know I'll be able to get a fresh food experience with every visit.  (unlike some of my other favorite hangout spots that haven't bothered to update their food menu in ages, I'm not compelled to go elsewhere for dinner after drinks) There are other bars in Madison with a similar vibe, but Underground has perfected it.  The decor is simply elegant without being fussy; I feel like I'm eating in the dining room of a modern farmhouse, replete with a fabulous farm-to-table menu.  The open air kitchen is a fun touch, and they remodeled a space that was formerly dimly lit and dingy, transforming it with bright wood, whitewashed brick walls, and fresh wildflowers everywhere one looks.  The food and drinks are stellar.  I feel that the drink menu price point, while a little high, is worth every penny.  My short run cocktail last night was made with fresh strawberries, mint, soda, and rum, and it was fantastic.  The '#11' cocktail is my go-to-- an inspired blend of gin or vodka completed with fennel, lemon and ginger, freshly mixed for $7.50.  Last night I had the nightly small plate special: smoked sturgeon with mascarpone, spring peas, and pea shoots on rye crostini ($5) which tasted fantastic. (plus I appreciated its presentation- perched on a whimsical tiny silver tray.) My entree was cavatelli ($15), which our knowledgeable server told me was prepared with wild nettles and ricotta.  It was tossed with goat confit, roasted baby onions, wild mushrooms, housemade fromage blanc, asparagus and radish pesto.  I could have licked the bowl.  I sampled my boyfriend's wilted greens (rapini I believe) with duck egg and goat bacon- also delectable.  The food here raises the bar for every other restaurant in Madison, primarily due to the high quality local ingredients and nuanced elements like cheese made inhouse or meat cured by the owners themselves are just far and away beyond anything that could be prepared in a Sysco-heavy kitchen.Perhaps it's because I'm somewhat of a regular here, but I'm a stickler for quality service, and Underground delivers.  My water glass is never empty yet I don't feel like the servers hover unnecessarily. The  waitstaff answers every question and isn't shy about making suggestions.  And checks are delivered promptly, even when the place is hopping.  I can't recommend Underground highly enough; what a welcome addition to Madison's downtown dinner landscape.
4	Great food and a willingness too push the limit. Not everything works but they are hitting .800 in my book.
4	Awesome food and even better drinks!  The drinks were so unusual and worth the extra $$$!
5	Sadly, the building that housed the Underground Kitchen recently had a very bad fire.   They plan to reopen in a new location I heard but when that will be is undetermined.  I wanted to post this in case people were looking to eat here soon.   I will update as news becomes available.http://www.jsonline.mobi/newswatch/124801874.htm
