5	Everyone knows Enterprise cause of there fancy little "We'll pick you up" campaign that has been running since the beginning of time.......I usually go with whoever is the cheapest.... however, next time I need to rent a car, I will be renting from this particular Enterprise..... all 4 employees that I came in contact with were friendly, knew their jobs and seemed to love the company...  The service was impressive for a rental car store....  they didnt hassle me on things I didnt want and really went above and beyond....   I feel 100% comfy with sending all yall yelpy yelpers on over there......
5	Ive rented here on many occasions due to it being near where I live. The service is awesome but they do get packed during the holidays. Ive rented a Cadillac and the same Impala 2x here; the cool thing was that the Impala was from the Vegas store and they told me I could just drop it off to them or any other Enterprise store without me driving all the way back to Sahara. - - Pretty cool. I think they do that anywhere as long as its their branch of stores. Ive gotten pretty good deals and discounts b/c I am a returning customer, they do charge more if not 25yrs or older but thats an insurance thing. (dont blame them) I like the services here and havent had anything happened to me and would like to keep it that way.
1	I've rented cars here at this location at least a dozen times and been disappointed every time. Service is mediocre at best, car selection sucks and they are often rented with the gas level on empty. The typical wait time is anywhere from 20 - 30 minutes from the time you arrive regardless of what time your reservation was made for. Honestly, I'm going to a different car rental company in the area after so many attempts at giving Enterprise a shot and them failing at every given oppportunity.
1	I reserved a car online for my uncle March 12th since it was $150 cheaper then doing it over the phone.  My uncle went in to pick it up the next day and informed them that he has liability insurance and he didn't want the damage waiver. Christal told him that it was NEVADA STATE LAW to either have the damage waiver or their own insurance.  She said they can call their insurance company to add collision insurance and cancel it after they return the car or get the damage waiver.  Because he thought it was the LAW he got the damage waiver.  I looked on their website which it states that damage waiver is completely OPTIONAL, so I called Christal and she told me it was a gray area and in Nevada it was STATE LAW.  She then said they could have gotten the car without the damage waiver but the manager would require a deposit for the full amount of the vehicle! I asked if all the Enterprises were like that and she said yes.  I called another Enterprise and they said damage waiver is OPTIONAL and there is NO DEPOSIT needed even if you only have liability insurance.  I called back and spoke with the manage Daniel who told me that Christal was just saying liability insurance is Nevada State Law, if that was the case then why would he need to call his insurance company??? Daniel then told me a fake story of a customer that wrecked a car and didn't have insurance so he had to pay $5000 out of pocket! Really?!? Enterprise, the largest car rental company in America doesn't have secondary insurance on their fleet of vehicles? That is the risk of rental car business, so I am sure their cars are insured! Daniel then tells me we can come back and get our money back since my uncle has a major credit card and that usually has insurance for rental cars.  Sure enough we call Mastercard and it IS covered.  So we drove all the way back and got our damage waiver back and of course Christal was not there.  LYING to get damage waiver tacked on to a bill? Is that great customer service?!?
1	Made a reservation for a regular car which according to the website is a Ford Fusion. When I arrived the next day to get the car i was told that even tho i had a reservation for that they did not have any and I would have to choose something else. Crap selection and ended up spending 10 more dollars a day on the rental that I had expected...Got a Nissan altima. Looked OK but it was a turd to drive. ZERO acceleration and it almost got me killed pulling out more than once. Burnt thru 1/2 a tank of gas driving it around Vegas for a few days. Put 170 miles on it and burnt 8 gallons of gas. No different than my IS350 at home which would suck the mirrors off this car.Now is when the real fun began.  Stopped on the way back to get some and put 32.00 in it to fill it back up. When i left the gas station I either left my wallet at the pump or i was pick pocketed by a guy that walked by me at the pump. Lost my ID and all my cash and credit cards. I didn't know it yet tho. Took the car back and was starting to figure it out as I was trying to get my stuff together for my flight. Freaked out as It was 5pm and I had a 6:30 flight.  This is when the manager told my she had already checked the car back in and she couldn't let me take it back out unless I had a CC and ID on me...NO FLEXIBILITY to take care of the customer at All...  I finally got them to take me back to the gas station by one of the other employees there. ..Still couldn't find the wallet. So here I am in Vegas with no ID..No cash..No credit cards and a cell phone with a dying battery. They basically told me without saying it for me to go screw myself. As I waled away thinking I was going to have to hitchhike back to San Jose I went over to the delta lady who assured me that I could get past security without a ID as long as I had something with my picture and name on it like a work ID. She re-booked me for the next morning and didn't charge me a penny.. I ended up being able find a friend to stay with that night. and the next morning was on a 6:30 flight home. Enterprise could learn a thing or two from delta..When your a company who's life and death depends on loyalty then you dont tell them no...sorry we cant help you. I used to rent enterprise 2-3 times a month to go snowboarding but it will be a cold day in hell before they get any more of my money.
5	Got a premium car for a great price. The choice of cars included a convertible Camero. I took the Buick Lucene, as we were here on business. They didn't hassle me about taking their insurance (which has happened every other time here).  Didn't have to wait long.  The was some mix up when I returned it, so they only charged me for one day.
1	I came here to rent a car after I got rear-ended.. The car itself was in pretty good condition 20,000 miles.. Blue Chevrolet Impala.,. The one star is for the service.. The guy who was at the counter seemed like he didn't want to be there.. So I just got my car & left. 30 minutes later I received a call from that same guy who was working the counter asking me if there was a garage opener in the rental.. There was so I offered to bring it back. He says, "No, we are about to close.. Can I just give your number to the person who rented the car before you and can you meet them up somewhere and give it to them...?" WTFFFFFFFFF is that not weird as hell?!!! Who asks their customer to do that?! SO UNPROFESSIONAL !!! He's lucky I'm nice & so that was my good deed of the day... Maybe next time they should clean the car properly and make sure nothing is left in the car before renting it out to someone else? And not put their customers in awkward situations.
1	Came her to pay more down on a rental made through another location and the person helping us was such an asshole! Made it take an hour when it should have took five minuets. Don't go to this location!!!!
3	Needed a car early in the morning. Was extremely happy that yelp said enterprise opened at 7:30. Got to the location and they didn't open till 8. Not a big deal just a little disappointed in yelp.
5	After what could easily be labeled the worst and most frustrating week of my life, I was ready to be let down by yet another company in the fiasco that was "this week."  When it rains it pours but someone had an umbrella for me. As soon as I walked into enterprise, Matt was eager to help me out, answer my flew of questions, make sure I understood everything and that I was happy.  My economy car was not available, so I was upgraded to a compact, which was more than appropriate.  The day after, I awoke to a voicemail from Matt making sure that I was satisfied with everything and gave me his personal number if I needed anything else or had any additional questions.  Little things add up to something big.  I cannot personally thank him or Enterprise enough.
1	I would give them a zero if I could.  I rent cars 1-2 times per month, but this was my first time choosing Enterprise.  I did so solely because I needed to be picked up - NEVER AGAIN.  Not a single part of the experience was easy, efficient, friendly or helpful.  I waited 6 HOURS to be picked up - and each time i called there was a different story as to why they were delayed.  The rental process itself takes way too long and they try to scare you into getting their insurance (which is more expensive than the daily rental rate).  The car was not clean and the gas tank was not full (which i didn't notice until after i left).  And the gas adds up quickly when you're given a massive Hemi pickup truck instead of the compact car you reserved.  Unbelievably, they also charge you an extra $50 to drop off at the airport - all for the privilege of being abused by their incredibly unhelpful agents.  The airport personnel tried to blame us for a dent - despite the fact that the paperwork (which was filled out by the Apache office agent) clearly documented that the dent was there already.  We wasted 15+ minutes debating this fact, and they wouldn't let it go until they finally confirmed in their computer that it was pre-existing.  And to make sure that absolutely ever part of the experience was unpleasant, they wouldn't even give us a receipt (which we need for an expense report).  We were told we had to call the Apache office to get it.  Are you kidding me?
1	I am too frustrated to even tell the story - but suffice it to say that it took 4 highly annoying phone calls to actually get a receipt.  How can a company possibly make it this hard to do even the simplest thing?
1	I wouldn't give them a star if I didn't have too. My car was stollen and my insurance company set up my rental. I have enterprise a call to get everything set up so that I could come get a rental and go to work. I get down there to pick up the car, walk in and not one of the two people at the counter greeted me, I wasn't even sure if they saw me come in. They just kept doing whatever it was they were doing without a word in my directed so I sat and waited for a bit. Finally one of the workers said she could help me now. She pulled up my info since I had already had everything set up and very rudely told me that since I am no 25 I will have to pay extra fees. I was already upset since my car had gotten stollen that morning and it upset me because everything was already set up before I had come in. After saying I would not pay extra fees since this was something insurance was paying for the manager came over and informed her that underage fees don't apply when its paid for by insurance. She just handled it all wrong. I finally get my car after about an hour. About a week into my rental i decided that it was a nice day so i opened the sunroof. I get to work and go to shut it and it would not shut. It was frustrating considering that this was a brand new 2014 car and it was the weekend and enterprise isn't open on weekends. So on Monday when they were open again i gave them a call after work to inform them of the sunroof and was hung up on, I don't know if it was an accident or not, I call back and get placed on hold for a very long time. Instead of continuing to wait I went down to enterprise to resolve the issue with the sunroof. The women who helped me out never once apologized for the sun roof not closing and right away blamed me accusing me of breaking it. She told me that it was working when I took it from them. I also reminded her that when the car was rented to me that no one checked the sun roof to see if it opened and closed properly. She told me she could switch out my small car for a mini van and send the car to ford to be fixed and that they would bill me for what it cost to fix the sunroof. I did not want an unexpected expensive bill to come my way especially since I feel like I did not break the sunroof, all I did was open it. I asked her if i could take it to ford myself because I want to know what to expect with the price and everything. She said that I could do that. I took it to ford and they told me that enterprise should never have sent me to them since only enterprise had the authority to fix it. Due to my work schedule I was then stuck with a car that had the sunroof open for an additional five days since I their hours don't work well with my work schedule. When I finally was able to get the car back to enterprise I spoke with manager who basically told me I had been upset with them since I rented the car and that he could switch the car out and send the ford to get fixed. Not once did anyone at enterprise apologize to me for renting me a car that I ended up having an issue with. From the day I rented it I was the problem not them. I told the manager that I was upset that not one person apologized to me for any of the in convinces that having the sunroof get stuck open caused me. He apologized after the fact that I told him that I had not been apologized too which really was just a slap in the face to me. I would NEVER rent from then again. I only continued my rental because my insurance paid for it. WORST COSTUMER SERVICE EVER!
1	This is the worst place in vegas,to rent car,I don't now how this business can exist,farmers insurance pay for my rental because somebody hit mee,I went there I pick up the car when I return the car they charge me 75 insurance because my insurance it no good,so I had to pay 75$ for 5 days rental,when on the city the rent for the car it's 9$ day,the people who work there are rude,I will never in my life go to enterprise to rent again...
1	My mechanic shop rented a car for me. I gave Enterprise $50.00 deposit for gas. They called to tell me to pick up the $50.00 deposit but I work 8:00 am to 8:00 pm during the summer so I had to wait 4 days for my day off to pick it uo. When I went to get it they told me they had sent me a check. 2 and a half months at least have transpired and 15 to 20 phone calls later and I have still not recieved my check. They said they mailed one and 3 times told me they had verified the one they supposedly sent had not been cashed and I still have not received it. Next stop Better Business Bureau and State Attorney Generals fraud division to make a complaint. DO NOT DEAL WITH THESE PEOPLE. Something fishy is going on here. Now this particular office had a 2 star rating,  why hasn't the regional office or corporate not done anything about this? My wife is making a another call to them right now and each time it is as though they have never heard of us and we have to tell our story over and over again even though we speak to the same people. Dont they keep a tickle list of issues that need to be dealt with?  Obviously not otherwise a glance at it would refresh their memory,  in fact given the number of calls attempting to get our money everybody in the office should be aware of it and we should not have to recite the problem over and over again just to be put on hold one more time. I will say the the only person who has been of any help is Drew and if I understand the conditions he is working under he is probably as frustrated as I am given who he works for.
1	DO NOT GO HERE! Horrible customer service and they ripped me off $15. When I originally got the car no one acknowledged me when I walked in then they tricked me into buying extra insurance I didn't need. The next day In the area so I went to the location on Sunset. I asked to have the extra insurance removed as a curtosey which he did.The manager was very helpful and made me feel appreciated. If you have to rent a car I recommend coming to Sunset location. Soo when it came time to return the car on Ft Apache I asked for my deposit refund. They first told me only $15 would be placed back on my card I told them that was wrong. They mentioned about the previous $15 already placed back on the card I explained how that was because I had the extra insurance money refunded. The male manager then assured me I would get $32 on my card. So I looked today I only got 16.72? I called and spoke to an assitant manager who had a horrible attitude refused to help me and when I mentioned I would be going to the Sunset location next time and never returning to them she snidely said "perrrfect." Then I said I would be writing corporate and she hung up. I wrote an email to info@enterprise.com but this was really uncalled for!
