3	I have been to plenty of Sally's around town. This location is pretty legitimate. I would not say it is the best one in town, but it is the closest one to me. The staff gets a 6/10.The one bad experience that I did have here was when I was looking to buy a cuticle nipper. I saw the one I wanted online, but couldn't find it in store. When I asked the male employee to assist me in finding it, he said they had two kinds and began to show me the first one. When I brought up that the one I saw online was cheaper, he immediately said that they didn't have it and didn't even bother to show me the second nipper he mentioned. Rude...Nonetheless. Sally Beauty is a good company. Don't forget to get a Sally Beauty membership card and to sign up on the website; it is totally worth it.
4	I live right close to this Sally store, its smaller and this store is opened 30mins longer than others. There is always different girls working, but the one I really liked I havent seen : (The store itself is the same as them all, just cramped! LOL. I go here for my conditioner and bobby pins. I usually just go in to check out the China Glaze nail polishes whenever Im at Target or Ross also : )Ill continue going here since its sooo close and convenient to my apartment : )
4	Great location! I'm in Boca Park way to often and this is a great store! I don't like the fact that you need to be a member, I hate carrying those mini cards with me every day, so I never have mine with me when I make it to the store, I'm sure it can get really irritating for the cashiers to call each time I'm there to find my card no :)Other than that, great stuff, always there to help and answer any questions you might have.
4	This is pretty much my last resort for last minute beauty supplies since its close to home. My funniest moment there was yesterday. This 60 something year old lady was buying tons of eyelashes and going on about them needing to carry a certain brand because Kim Kardashian wears it. Really lady?! LMAO. Then she got pretty comfortable bec she started talking about how some ladies are lucky to have big boobs and just talking insanely, funny nonsense. It took all my night not to burst out in laughter.
