5	After having the worst customer service from the Salon down the road, My mom and I decided to go to this Nail Salon since we've been here before. Once again, everyone was Super friendly and Nails look great. This is the 2nd time I came here and I won't ever try something new.
5	SHARON, Lakeland, MN.  My first time at Misa's and service was excellent.  Kenny did my pedicure, very professional, friendly and did a superb job.  I am very particular about cleanliness and this salon is a +10.  Price was great, much better than in the Twin Cities and a much better pedicure.  Had Kenny do flowers and never seen them as well done as Kenny did.  KUDOS to Misa's Salon.
4	Kenny is a great nail technician. I enjoy quick and thorough treatments while enjoying Food Network.
5	Back to Arizona again and went to Misa's for my pedi with Kenny.  He is excellent, does a thorough job and talks to you as many do not.  KENNY IS THE BEST, does a great job plus love the little designs he does.  ANOTHER SUPERB JOB, THANKS KENNY!!!Did have a mani this year, Kenny had a scheduled customer so he was not able to do so one of the gals did it.  It  looked good at the shop but within 6 hours tips of nails already rubbing off, very frustrating, don't think she brushed the ends of the nails with polish or did not use the top coat but once.  Won't do the mani again,.
5	Based on other reviews I decided to give this shop a try for a pedicure. It was a wonderful experience.  The staff is friendly and good at their jobs. We were greeted promptly and our chairs were ready to go. The entire shop is very clean. It was my sisters first pedicure and was a very nice experience for her.
4	Went in for the first time last week for a pedicure and a manicure. They were wonderful! I will definitely use them from now on
5	Lisa is so nice! She always treats her customers with kindness and respect. If you are ever unhappy with your nails, let her know and she doesn't think it twice to fix the problem. I have been going to Lisa for years now. She does great eyebrow waxing and the best quality manicures. :)
1	I felt so disrespected after leaving Misa Nails, which led me to write this. The technician who did my gel manicure was very rude to me, and I'm not sure why. It could have been the fact that he was so sick that snot was running down his nose, and he had to cough all over my hands. He asked me how many times I've had a gelManicure before, and I responded three. After I was confused as to which hand went under the light he asked me, "if you've had gels three times why don't you know when to put your hands under?" Could have been humorous if it weren't for his condescending, annoyed tone. All this occurred after he made me bleed while filing my pinky.  Despite the kind woman who scheduled my appointment, my overall experience ruined this nail salon for me.
