4	While popping around the Twin Oaks Shopping Center during an insanely hot day, I dropped in to check out Laura James'  sweet little jewelry boutique. Upstairs, next to Step by Sloan, Laura has a small, but lovely boutique filled with handmade baubles - bracelets, necklaces, earrings, etc. Each item is completely beautiful and unique as Laura uses beautiful components in her pieces. I saw vintage glass crystal lariats, bronze necklace chains, Swarovski pendant necklaces and delicate gold chains with sweet little additions. I've seen Laura's designs in local Charlotte magazines and fashion spreads, but some may-jah celebs have worn her pieces too!These lovely items aren't cheap, as the components are the real deal. Expect to pay $70-$100 for most earrings, $150-$220 for large (incredible) statement necklaces, $80-$180 for delicate necklaces and $80-$120 for bracelets and rings. However, in store, Laura does have a few sections of items $30-$50. Laura's designs are unique and so beautiful, you can definitely tell she puts a great deal of love and care into her work.  If you're not able to make it into her boutique, definitely check out her website: http://www.laurajamesjewelry.com.
5	I just have to update my review for Laura James Jewelry...why, you ask? She deserves it! Every time I'm in the Dilworth area I end up stopping into Laura James Jewelry just to get a hefty dose of the pretties. And, while I definitely don't purchase something every time I drop by, I always fall in love with some new creation of hers. Antique zodiac pendant necklaces, stunning vintage glass earrings, sweet rhinestone wrap bracelets, amazing cuffs and so much more. She does a fab job of posting new creations on her website and Facebook page, too. I've also noticed that she's added more to the $30-$70 range in the store - which I (and I'm sure my husband) really appreciate. Her pieces are truly unique and special - I receive oh-so-many compliments when I wear any of her pieces. For handmade, fantastic jewelry in Charlotte - Laura James Jewelry is absolutely as good as it gets. Do yourself a favor and stop by the store - it's the light filled studio next to Step by Sloan.
5	Fellas - you need some unique custom jewelry for the lady, then this is the place to go. Items priced from $40(ish) to $250(ish), so you won't break the bank like you would at a general jewelry store, plus you'll get an item that is limited and handmade by Laura herself. On a few occasions Laura has helped me find some fun items and even keeps a list of what I or the wife have purchased in the past so not to repeat an item. I highly recommend stopping her for a personalized experience! (Thanks for the easy V-Day buy!)
4	I totally get what Todd and Nicole are talking about below with their 5 star reviews - what more can I say? Beautiful, handmade items for every taste in an ultra cool space located above IC London in Dilworth. Staff is beyond helpful, cheerful and all around awesome. Pricing is definitely affordable for handmade, unique pieces. Only thing that I would say I wasn't impressed with was the of stones - lots of faux stuff but not too many natural gems/stones. Of course, you'd see the $ go up with those, but personally I think it's worth it!
4	Laura James Jewelry has so many stunning pieces at affordable price points.  The store & staff on East Blvd. make the selecting process easy and comfortable.  I'm a fan!  Classic yet eclectic with a handmade touch-- but still refined.  Perfect place to go if you need a gift because everything is likeable--- seriously.
5	Laura James Jewelry is a must stop for gorgeous, unique pieces that are handmade by Laura herself. Outside of just being one of the nicest people I know, Laura goes above and beyond to help you out with specific requests and her staff is so friendly and helpful. The store is located on East Blvd above IC London and Sloan, and is such a cute space chock-full of treasures. I recently stopped in during Yelp's Fabulous Frocking Tour and purchased a pair of STUNNING yellow emerald cut studs. I will wear these constantly. And at only $78 (plus the 25% off discount from the tour), they were a steal. Laura even came up with the ingenious idea to have "wish lists" in store so ladies can go in and pick out items they like, then send in their significant other to pick from the list. This takes the guess work out of buying jewelry, which is uber-helpful to those guys who know nothing about doing that. Prices range from around $50 for a pair of studs to $250 for more intricate pieces. Head on in and check it out for yourself - and be sure to put together that wish list - Christmas is just around the corner!
5	Laura James of  laura james jewelry is not only a talented designer of bracelets, necklaces, rings and everything in between she such a delight..making her jewelry while you shop til your hearts content. James loves having input from her customers and I know alot of people who would enjoy having a handmade, one of a kind piece from a world-renowned artisan. A gift from James is something that can be passed down through many generations. It can also be a piece that you wears every day or on special occasions. Laura James has something for everyone in her store--and if she doesn't have it, she can create it, sharing that some customers come in with magazine pieces or want to merge some of her already designed pieces and she happily obliges. Just some of the items you will find include: a sideway cross necklace, cuff bracelets, adjustable cocktail rings and stud earrings.  She also started a vintage couture collection and is working on an artisan collection, where other artisans will come together and she will sell some of their pieces in her store!Highlights:Prices range from $40-350+Friendly staffOne of a kind piecesPLEASE NOTE: If you sign up to be on their email list, you will be alerted of their Chic Sprint Sale, where once a month select jewelry is up for grabs at 50% off!
1	Buyers beware! 2 stars for conceptual design. 1 star for overpriced low quality costume jewelry. For the price, you'd expect pieces that are made from semiprecious metals, or at least sterling. Not even close. I appreciate the design (a simple 20s brass shoe buckle GLUED to a chintzy brass bracelet), but not the fact that the $125 cuff turns my wrist green. What's worse, is that I sent my boyfriend here to pick out an anniversary present for me. For $160 he got an interesting Avon necklace that was unadulterated or manipulated from its original design. I took it back realizing the faux pas, but later found it, in its' original box, on etsy for $17. I approached Laura about the over priced pieces and further questioned her as to why she would 1)sell the cheapest costume jewelry outrageously priced 2)not sign her work, and 3) why all pieces were glued as opposed to being sautered. Her response was something along the lines of the air ventilation system in the building. At our last encounter, she doesn't even have a studio off site where she can use a blow torch to meld metals together. As a collector, antique jewelry dealer, and sister of a jeweler, I was highly disappointed and embarrassed that I sent my boyfriend into a lion's den of crap.
