5	Nobody solves a problem like Maria! I love Mexican Food. I have worked in East Mesa for over a year now, and I am always trying to find quality places to eat out here! It's hard!Well I have driven by this place probably a million times, I had even been to Corelli's pizza which was a couple suites down...which is now Mafia Mike's Pizza...I have yet to try it..but I never stopped at Maria's.I finally stopped in Maria's last week, and got the 99cent tostada special which was amazing...with chips and salsa and a dr. pepper..I spent less than $5 dollars! I went to Maria's again today, and got their chicken taquitos. They were delicious, they come with lettuce, tomatoes, and sour cream on top, and they are not lacking flavor!One of my co-workers got a bean and cheese burrito, which he very much enjoyed. And my other co-worker ordered the fish tacos. He also enjoyed his.So if you are around Higley and Baseline looking for some good grub, check out Maria's. And if there is anyone else is East Mesa Land, please post about every place you find! It's limited out here!
5	Maria's is located next to the place where I work, and time and time again, it has served as an awesome option for a quick lunch or dinner. For under 5.00, you can get a great carne asada, california, or breakfast  burrito, which is a steal in my opinion. Normally, they'll set you up with some extra sauces or guacamole as well. Muy Bien!
5	Authentic Mexican food...checkHighly affordable...checkSuper friendly service...checkDelicious?...absolutelyThe wife and I try to hit up Maria's at least once a month.  The food is no-thrills, and yet amazing.  If anything, I highly recommend the street tacos.  It's a full meal for under $5.00 and the food's ready in about 5 minutes.  Make sure to grab a bottle of Mexican Coca-Cola or a large cup of horchata.  Highly recommended.
5	Maria's is a fast food Mexican place that is really good. I usually get the street tacos or California burrito! Both are really good and affordable. Everyone here is really nice. Glad I found it!
5	I see five reviews here all five stars!? Somethings gotta give...  now before you start thinking this a is five star restaurant or some "fancy" place hear me out. I have never given a place five stars before, and truthfully I might have given my regular high review of 4 stars here, but I did not want to detract from the other reviews. I can say this place is one of the best places for "what it is". .. You know the type of fast Mexican food like Filberto's or Rigoberto's and the like? Maria's  is better than that but kinda like that... You got to give it a try! Just had the steak & egg breakfast burrito this morning... GREAT! the hot sauce is killer too.Updated: 9-3-2012, the last time I went there, they seem to have sold to someone else. Not as good.
4	Id say 3 stars but since the have menudo everyday and prepare it at order I'll go 4. Street tacos are good so is the carne asada.  Typical gringo "Mexican" food.
5	Another five for marias. My favorite mexican food restaurant. This is the first time I have been here since I've started yelping, but have ate here since they have opened. This is home made mexican food, like my aunt makes. This is real mexican food, not the generic americanized restaurant. And a million times better then the hard to eat even when drunk filibertos. Don't come for the atmosphere, it just a little hole in the wall with great food. These little gems are hard to find, its great to have one in gilbert.They have great red and green chillis. I prefer the red, I also order them meat only. They are still great with the rest of the fixings. My favorite place for fajitas, good tamales, and the best chile relleno. Only place I know of with caldo de res (beef stew), and of course if you like, they have menudo.Now lets start talking breakfast burrito. My favorite is the califonian, steak, french fries, and the best pico. The rest come with your choice of sausage, chorizo, bacon, ham, machaca, or steak. A must try, dont let the atmosphere fool you, its high quality food, at a great price. Thank you Maria!
4	I'd hate to be the first to give Maria's 4 stars, because it is a small local business and the lady who takes our orders has always been sweet. The restaurant is definitely on the small side and pretty bare - just a few booths and tables and the Mexican channel is always on in the corner, but nonetheless, pretty good food for the price you pay. I came here for lunch today and ordered: California Burrito - $4.84 (including tax) - great deal, it's a huge burrito and pretty yummy in my book!I also had the street tacos before on a previous visit, but they're definitely not taco truck quality like I was expecting. The hot sauce is pretty good, not too spicy, but just adds that little extra flavor that really makes the burrito delicious.
2	To start off, I'm originally from San Diego so my standards for Mexican Food are very high. When I first went here I ordered a Carne Asada burrito with lettuce, tomatoes, and guacamole. I think this is a pretty simple burrito that doesn't really have a lot of room for error.  Upon first biting into the burrito I thought it tasted good: the meat wasn't dry and was tasty, and the vegetables inside were fresh. The only problem I had was the guacamole. I didn't see any in my burrito so I went up to the counter and asked them if they forgot the guacamole and they said they didn't. I told them I didn't see any and asked for extra. They went to go get some guacamole and came back with a cup of green liquid that I assume was either blended avocado or the powder type you mix with water. Even though this is not the type of guacamole I'm used to I still gave it a chance and poured it into my burrito (pouring guacamole into a burrito sounds very wrong by the way...). I still tasted nothing! I have never been to a Mexican restaurant where the guacamole tastes like nothing and is in liquid form! I don't understand why they don't use real guacamole in their burritos but if they do I'm sure I would probably give the place 3 or 4 stars. I think I'm very fair and I decided to give this place another chance and asked to have REAL guacamole put in the burrito because I know if you order chips and guacamole it's the real type (chunky not liquid). Once again, I was disappointed. So apparently this place doesn't believe in using actual guacamole in their burritos. So sad...Some positives: somewhat cheap and close to ATSU if you're a student there. Other than that, I don't think it's worth the money. I mean even Rubio's has real guacamole in their burritos. If you're not used to good Mexican food or you don't care what your food tastes like then go here.
3	I wasn't all that impressed with the food here. My husband and I ordered cheese enchiladas and we got chicken enchiladas. The enchilada sauce was a bright unnatural red and didn't have much flavor. Beans and rice were good.
3	Cheap and easy.If you are looking for quick mex, Maria's is the place to go. I wouldn't say it's the best mexican food but it's good enough. I like the quesadilla which is pretty hard to mess up. :)
4	This place is a small family owned Mexican restaurant common in CA (if you're from there) Maria is such as nice lady and the food is quite good and cheap. I've only had burritos here, but they also serve some soup (menudo, caldo de res), enchiladas, fajitas, and tacos. Even though it's usually one or two people behind the counter/kitchen, it's fairly fast service. The food is what you would expect from a Mexican mom n pop place. Nothing to fancy, but just the right ingredients wrapped up in a huge flour tortilla. I especially like their breakfast burritos. 4 star for quality and price.
4	I love this restaurant!!! Mexican food that is authentic and delicious. I ordered the street tacos and they are so good I get them every time I go! Maria is usually there to cook the meals (when I have been there, at least) and she is sweet, shy but so accomodating!
4	If you want to taste the best guacamole of your life, this is where you need to go. Hands down best I have ever had. I just go for their guacamole and homemade tortilla chips. Their burritos are great too, except their veggie burrito. The veggie burrito is pretty bland and it doesnt have their awesome guacamole. This is a great hole in the wall that serves real Mexican food. I have ordered from them for school meetings and they have been very organized and on top of things. You can count on them for your party food.
5	A hole in the wall for sure (imagine a dingy quiznos)...but THE FOOD is not messing around - THIS is TRUE mexican. Quality fresh mexican food.   The chips are freshly fried, the salsa is freshly chopped - the tortillas are those special tortillas that I thought only real mexican families got to enjoy.  We get our orders TO GO and take them home, or to a picnic somewhere.  The CALIFORNIAN burrito (potatos, steak, PICO DE GALLO) - so very good. Lots of menu choices. Green salsa is good too.
1	I am honestly surprised by all of the positive reviews for this place!  I LOVE Mexican food, and am all for a good dive, but this place was just... gross.  When we want authentic mexican (street tacos, carne asada, etc.) we always go to Los Taquitos in Ahwatukee, but since we live in Gilbert near Maria's, we decided to give it a try.  The restaurant was DIRTY, the food was gross, the tortillas were dry and not fresh AT ALL, the salsa/hot sauce left little to be desired, etc.  We will never go back.
5	Great authentic mexican food. Recommended to this place by a friend. Decent prices. Huge portions. My friend that lives in mexico swears by this place when he is in the US. I feel like that alone speaks for itself. Will update my review if it seems like quality takes a dive like in some restaurants I used to love.
2	We have been going to Maria's since we moved here 2.5 years ago, but the quality has taken a real dive in the last few months.  The last time we went a month or so ago, the food was so bad, I'm not sure we will go back.  My husband thinks there may be new owners, as the usual people were not there when he ordered.  And the food was really so different from what we usually get here.The carne asada was not even a little asada.  It was bland, fatty, and tasted more boiled than grilled.  The salsa was watery and flavorless.  Not at all what we were used to from this place. Very disappointed as it used to be authentic Mexican in a sea of Sonoran, that we don't really care for.Also, I don't really agree with everyone else's description of this place as a "hole in the wall" or dive.  The restaurant is small but clean, and it is located in a fairly new shopping center very typical for taco joints, at least in most other areas of the country I have been to.  The place is also very low on the stereo-typical Mexican decorations.
5	Great vegetarian burrito, and their hot sauce tasted homemade.  Cheap too!
5	We used to live right by Maria's, we now live 12 miles away and still continue to eat there as much as we can.  If you want real authentic Mexican dishes this is your place.
3	Tried this today I ordered the carne asada buro, the rice was OK beans were decent the burrito was good but the steak was dry so it killed the taste for a juicy burrito if it was more juicy it would of made the experience better
3	The guacamole was made to order and you could taste the difference. The shrimp tacos were bad ass.The street tacos were plain and bland,they should be tossed on the street.
4	Their red and green enchilada sauces are kick ass!
1	I've tried this place multiple times and there's no consistency. First time I visited, their street tacos and side salsa were delicious. 2nd time around, the street tacos were filled with fatty meat and honestly were the most disgusting thing I've ever tasted. Third time wasn't a charm as the people cooking were so preoccupied in their conversation my meal took over 20 minutes to be cooked and once again wasn't anything to write home about.Needless to say, will not be visiting, and be aware this place always has flies flying around the tables while you wait for food... yum
2	New Management has taken over and the actual Maria is gone. Already things are going downhill, showed up twice at 8am and they weren't open. Hey then don't indicate your business is open at 8am, wasted my time and gas driving there. Burritos were okay.
4	Delicious and cheap- be sure to get the guacamole, they make it fresh to order. I got carne Asada tacos and they were yummy. Kinda hole -in- the- wall decor.
5	I stop by here alot and this time l tried the Caldo De Res- Beef Stew. It was delicious, fresh vegetables..alot of beef. Very tender and it was not overly salty...As a side note, they are getting hurt real bad by the construction at the corner of Higley and Baseline...business is way down.....People, if you want to keep a great family restaurant alive, come down and tell your friends....
4	I've always seen this place from the road on my way to somewhere else and I finally decided to drop in and see how their breakfast was.  Maria's is quite unassuming from the outside, but entering you will find a menu that has a multitude of items and a friendly, clean environment.  I can only speak to the "sausage, egg, cheese, beans" breakfast burrito...outstanding!
5	Great neighborhood Mexican place. We love their breakfast burritos and menudo for breakfast.  Street tacos and enchiladas for lunch or dinner. Haven't tried anything we didn't love and they're always super friendly.
4	Had the chicken tacos with rice and beans. Really loved the rice and beans. The crunchy tacos are really good too! They were out of diet soda. Was kinda bummed about that. Hot sauce is ok. Sopillas are really flat and chewy unlike the normal fluffy soft ones I'm use to. Staff is super friendly. I guess they just changed ownership.
5	I was referred to this restaurant by a friend and we have been here every week, ever since.  Not only is the food amazing and for a great price but the staff are wonderful.  They are polite and respectful every time we come in.  They are playful with my 6 year old daughter and even she loves going in there.  Out of the many times we have been there they only messed up my order once and were so polite and prompt with getting our order out. I have recommended this place to all of my friends.
4	Thanks to the handy Yelp app, I was able to get me some Mexican food fast on a recent trip to AZ. The power of the people delivered and I got what I was after: a quick, cheap meal of hearty Mexican food.The place is in a little strip mall and I can't offer any better guidance than just get into the development and drive around like you're insane until the wafting smell of carne and beans fills your nostrils. Once there, you'll find a few tables and a simple menu taped to the wall. Tacos and burritos were the order of the day, so I scarfed on a California Burrito (carne asada and potatoes, amongst the usual suspects) and also tried the bean and cheese. Really, I used them as a salsa deliver device. Be sure to get the bottles of red and green salsa and go nuts. The red is spicier (but not killer) and I liked it a little more than the green, though generous portions of each were had.A lot of the food had the distinct taste of fried, which is not necessarily a good or bad thing, but you've got to like fried things. I happen to like fried things, so that works out well for me. But the meat was okay if maybe a little underseasoned, and I have no complaints about anything else. I think the bonus cred here comes from the price. It's not dirt, rock-bottom pricing, but the fatty burrito came in at under $5, so I've got nothing but kudos for that. And the staff was super nice. Incredibly nice. Painfully nice. Add it up and it's a win.
3	Maria's serves up hefty portions of your standard Mexican fare such as burritos, tacos, and enchiladas. They also serve posole and menudo. The first time I went here I had a shrimp burrito. It was a gigantic burrito, but it didn't taste that great to me. It was a little bland, and the lettuce in it was juxtaposed with hot refried beans which made it soggy/wilted the more I ate it. The second time, I tried a bacon breakfast burrito. It was also a gargantuan burrito, but it was lacking in a few ways. First of all, the burrito had pieces of eggshell littered throughout it providing an unpleasant crunch as I ate. Also, the bacon wasn't very crisp and tasted slightly undercooked before it was placed in the burrito, so I got fatty chewy pieces as I ate.The interior is a bit hot, and there's not much A/C in the restaurant.They have a soda fountain here, but you could only get ice from it. Instead, they sell soda by the can, but if you want a Styrofoam cup to drink it in, they will charge you $.59 for it. They also have horchata, which I thought was pretty tasty. It was creamy and refreshing.They have both red and green salsa to go with your meal. It was good, but watery.Service was fast and friendly.Despite the friendly service and the big portions, I was disappointed in the different items I ordered. So, the search continues for a decent Mexican restaurant around this area.
3	We arrived just at closing. I asked if we were too late. They let us in and took our order. I think the guy at the cash register taking orders was new because he had to double check everything with the cook. We were seated ad a table next to a floor fan. This was a good thing because the air conditioning was either broken or turned off. We got our food. It was very good for the price. What the ambiance lacks, the food makes up for. My advice, order take out.
3	My husband and I wanted to try a new Mexican place. He had heard about Maria's and so we decided to try it today. We arrived at 3pm. The sign on the door listed the hours 7 am until 3 pm. They let us come in, and eat anyways. The ambience isn't anything to be desired. The air conditioner was broken, and they had swamp cooler, and floor fans which did not cool the place at all. In the Valley of the sun in the summer, AC is necessary for comfort. The food was good, huge portions, but the soda machine was broken so they gave out warm cans of soda. The reason I gave this place 3 stars and not 2 was because they stayed open after 3pm.
3	Breakfast burritos are generous in size and only $5.50... Chorizo beans cheese and egg was good. Red salsa is good and spicy but be prepared to pay extra for everything even chips...
