4	wI'm a regular at this movie theater after discovering it's existence last July when I moved into the area.  I liked driving to Red Rock's theater all the time, and I've tried Aliante's as well.  What I enjoy about this movie theater is the concession area and the added convenience of what the casino offers.As with any Fandango theater (Red Rock, Aliante, Rainbow and several others are all Fandango theaters) they have the same basic movie ticket prices.  Their theater seating is nice, too, with the typical stadium seating.  What will distinguish one theater from another is their concession stand.  I didn't know that a movie theater could sell ice cream, desserts, and coffee at their concession till I came here.  I love getting a sundae on my way into a flick.  They have the usual options for typical movie theater food, but I found kettle corn as a unique option to regular popcorn.  I'm all about my popcorn and red vines, which they have as with any theater, but to add on a scoop of ice cream or a slice of fancy cake or creme brulee is pretty darn awesome.  That, and this theater doesn't get too packed, which is nice.   This theater is a good option for those living in the northwest area.  Easy access directly from the parking lot and not having to walk through the casino is a plus.  Try it out when you have time.  Fresh cookies, pastries, and the choice of ice cream makes me come back all the time.  What can I say?  I'm a sucker for good theater seating and great food options.
2	I came here to watch Date Night last week and had a craving for some Sour Strawberry Belts. As I was filling up my bag, I could tell that they were old because they were hard. When I went up to pay, I made a comment to the cashier about the candy being old and hard. He just ignored me and said, "that will be $7.20." I figure he probably hates his job so I left it at that.
2	The movie theater itself is okay, but the concessions stand does not honor its deals.Five minutes before our 9:40 pm movie we were going to see, we went to the concession stand.  My husband got a large diet coke and a large popcorn.  I remarked as we approached the cashier, "Boy you really feel like popcorn tonight."As he sat the container down in front of the cashier he turned it so I could see the "free refill" tab.  I said, "Oh, I see.  You did this so we can get a free refill on the way out for taking your medicine tonight.  Smart!"After the movie, we went to get the free refill--an employee said, "sorry we are closed."  I said what about the free refill?  And he said no more refills.  We spotted the manager, Krystal, and asked her about the refills.  She said, I'm sorry we are closed.  We asked what about the refill; we would not have bought the large size if we had known there would be no refill.  She said, "I'm sorry, but my employees always warn the customers who buy the large size that there may not be any refills at the late movies."  This was not true since we were discussing the refill in front of the cashier, and he said nothing.  We asked about where this exception was posted.  She said, "Well, most customers get up in the middle of the movie to get their free refill of popcorn, so they are usually here before we close."   Huh???I asked about if we could get a refill in the morning to complete the deal we had entered into--she said, "Oh no that would be unsanitary, since we must refill the same bucket that was purchased."  When asked if we could trade buckets she said oh no, and that I could take it up with corporate.
4	To be honest this review may be a little impartial only because Santa Fe Station is my favorite Station casino to visit. It's not the closest one to where I live or even one I frequent that often but this theater certainly makes it so. First the up-charge for 3-D is only three bucks instead of the usual five I've been paying elsewhere. Second the snack area is just awesome, no other theater I've been to has a Starbucks coffee, hand scooped ice cream, and a cafeteria style check out. I went here today on a semi-date with my husband. (While we were here together and at the same time, we were in different theaters, watching different movies.) Buying tickets I saw the best thing ever. A movie style poster stating that kids under six will not be permitted to go into rated R movies after 6PM. OMG jerks who bring their kids to inappropriate movies and let them ruin it by yelling and not removing them when they get loud is one of my biggest pet peeves. Knowing that I can go here and not have to put up with that crap will keep bringing me back. LOVE IT!!!
4	I like this theater, cause it looks nice then other casino theaters. Despite the confusing food concession stand, I have to give this a good review. I went to watch Tron Legacy, which was a decent movie. But I'm not really here to review the movie, but give you my thoughts on Century Movie theater at Santa Fe. What I like about the theater is, that its clean. Where others, you might have to step in sticky stuff or left over popcorn's. I like the fact that the seats were comfy and soft, and not like your sitting in an old school office chair. The staff was very nice and helpful, I really appreciate that some of them like to have small talk, instead of those, who just want to rip up your tickets and tell you to "turn left after 2 doors down, that way",  Even, when some one tells me "enjoy the movie." or, "oh, you'll love it.", that makes me anticipate the movie even more.  That's what I get at Century, is the small talk that makes me anticipate the movies.  So overall, they do have nice greeters, which is always a good thing for me. Comfy seating is always a plus as well as cleanliness. I got to hand it to them, for making my trip to the theater, kind of fun.
4	I feel at home in this theater.  I'm not saying that just because I live a stones throw from there.  It feels comfortable and it looks clean.  I have never had any problems with the food.  That is one of the most important things to me.  They have a pretty good Candy selection and an Ice Cream section.  I love being able to have a Milkshake while watching a movie.  I frequent this movie theater and have come to notice that the patrons that the patrons are not annoying either.  Maybe I've just been lucky.
3	It's one of the closer theaters to home so it's usually where I go. The movie projection and sound is decent, but not the best in town. I've only used the concession stands once as the bag it yourself candy was a bit stale. I usually either bring my own or get something from the food court to snack on. It'll do though. Sometimes we don't want to go across town to catch a flick.
4	Not crowded... Don't make ya wait outside when ur too early.... Clean a+
4	I like how convenient this theater is from my house. I just wish they played indie movies. I don't understand why the only theaters in Las Vegas who play indie movies are Village Square and Suncoast.But, I do like going here to watch big releases. The popcorn is fresh and I like the self-service soda. The movie theaters are clean. Plus, it is usually uncrowded if I avoid Fridays.
4	I love this theater because they're always consistent. The staff are friendly, the lines are short, and the theaters are rarely crowded ( which is great if you love to midnight movies). It is always clean, too.
4	I came here for the first time last night to watch One For the Money. We were already 5 minutes late for the movie and there was still a line of about 8 people in front of us, but it went by VERY fast. We were able to make it into the theater and grab perfect seats with time to spare to grab some popcorn and a drink. We spent less than $15 for two movie tickets, a drink, and popcorn because we purchased our tickets off Groupon a couple weeks ago and I had an email coupon for free popcorn with a beverage purchase. I was actually pretty surprised that we were able to get such good seats considering how crowded the theater was for Valentine's day. I guess it's because we were watching a 2 week old movie. The seats were comfy and the sound system was great, so we both had an enjoyable experience.Tips:-Sign up for the Cinemark newsletter for some weekly coupons-If the theater is packed and you're running a little late, you might want to watch something that's at least two weeks old, so you can still get good seats.
4	Love this theater! Most people skip past Santa Fe and head on to Aliante or Red Rock, every time I go to this theater it's empty! I love the concession stand, I've never seen one like it before! I plan to see lots of movies here!
3	Is it me or is the popcorn here not that great compared to the Regal movie theaters? I've gone to this theater a couple of times because it is one of the closest movie theaters and isn't that bad to watch a movie at. As long as I can watch my movie in peace I am good. However, every time I do end up buying popcorn it always seems to be a little burnt. I do love the fact they do offer kettle corn popcorn which other theaters do not offer.
3	It's gotten to the point that I will only go to the movies for a blockbuster or on my day off and there's nothing to do and since my day off is when everyone is at work and school I tend to get the theater to myself. The cost of going out to a movie is just ridiculous. We made the mistake of buying M&M's from the candy dispenser and I just made a down payment on the M&M house... It was about the amount of two small M&M bags and we paid $14 for it. I wanted to take those M&M and have them cased in plastic since they were so expensive. The theater itself is large and clean. The staff has always been courteous and friendly. With Movies coming out on iTunes the day of release on theaters.. theaters are going have to do something drastic to bring the crowds in, and jacking up food prices is not the best call.
4	This is my local movie spot since it is pretty close to my house. I have never had to wait in line for anything or had a problem finding a seat even during a popular movie.  It is definitely nice to have almost the whole place to yourself!!
3	I guess all movie theaters are pretty much the same.  I do like this place because you can park in the back and walk directly into the theater.The prices are a little cheaper than other places.  The matinee runs until after 5:00 on some movies...They have a huge snack area.  It is always a SNAFU mostly because of the self serve fountain drinks.  It seems like operating a fountain machine in a timely manner completely dumbfounds people.  The seats in the theaters are not as comfy as Aliantes seats.  Of course not a big deal just a note.  Overall - it is a decent movie going experience.
4	I came here to see a movie, and I'll admit, I enjoyed it very much. The theatre was relatively empty, and the staff were very kind. The seats in the theatre ware very comfortable, and there were only about 6 people (including us) in the theatre. It was very nice almost having the entire theatre to ourselves. Next time I am out in Las Vegas, I will definitely stop by here again. My first choice movie theatre in Las Vegas! If you do go here, be sure to go park around the back, so you can walk right into the theatre.
3	Since this place is so close to my house, it's usually where we go for movies. It's not the most posh place to catch a flick, but it serves the purpose. They have stadium seating, although the theater sizes vary within. I never understand why the snack bar only ever has one side open. I've been there when there were lines and lines of people and still only one side of the snack bar was open. This is so frustrating given the fact that I'm about to spend $30 on popcorn and drinks for the family. The staff are usually very friendly.
2	This is the only theatre that is close to me, and I dislike it very much. It use to be alright, it really did- you could bring in a whole fricken pizza and 12-pack of soda and they didn't bat an eye. I guess I just got use to being spoiled by lax rules. They've really tightened up here, and not just with what you can bring into a theatre, but they've actually put a stop to refills on large sodas. I'm not sure about refills on popcorn, but that's a whole different thing- the popcorn quality has gone DOWN. It tastes like it's a day old, even when it's just been fresh popped in front of you. They don't have any movie deal days such as 5$ movie day, or 2 for 1, which sucks, and is why I now go out of my way to go to a Regal movie theatre where at least I can get a better deal on tickets and better popcorn.
3	It is what it is, if you still actually pay money to watch movies now adays.Expensive, is mostly what turns me away from this place, though the movie theatres are set up real nice, usually clean.I like that this place has a lot of theatres too, so the older movies tend to stay out on the big screen longer here then anywhere else, if you're a procrastinator looking to see a movie that came out a month ago.
4	Updating my review because my last review was supposed to be for the casino, not the theater. Bad Yelp Mojo. Apologies to Yelpers everywhere.I like that you have the stadium seating, but what is up with the concessions?  So confusing and everyone's just kind of on top of each other with the self-service nonsense.  It's really just irritating.  They should really change it.I've only been to this location 3 times, and it's because (1) Aliante is closer, (2) Aliante is cleaner and better.   I only go when friends pick that location and/or the showtimes are more convenient than at Aliante.  3 stars.... HOWEVER, a bonus star b/c since the last time I was there, they started offering military discounts!  That definitely makes a difference.
5	Never gets too packed compared to other movie theaters in town, even on opening nights for major blockbuster movies. If the ticket line gets too long, there are automated ticket machines inside on the right hand side that takes credit/debit cards.
5	I went here with my son to see the movie Epic and this place is always nice n comfy. Other than of course the expensive food and beverages which isnt unnormal at movie theaters, I never felt dirty. They keep the place very clean.
1	TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE. Came to see The Purge. (12:01am showing) it is now 12:48am as I write this review and the movie has failed to start 3 times we've been switched from theaters 2 times and watched the previews twice! Horrible! On top of it all it was packed with high school kids. Definitely will not be coming back!!
2	I have been to this theater many times before, but I must say on my last visit there I was less than impressed. Not that I was over the moon on my previous visits. I was there with my family on a Monday night for an 8:20 showing of Monsters University. We got our tickets and went through the concession walk through/ self serve, which I honestly think is just silly, why can't they just have the regular concession counter like at the other theaters? The reason I don't like the self serve is because everything is always messy and sticky, which it was! People just let there kids who are too small to reach the soda fountain help themselves to whatever they want and they get soda everywhere! I don't mean to sound like a hard ass, but watch your kids people!!! So of course it doesn't get wiped up in a timely manner and thus everything in that walk thru is pretty gross! My family enters the theater and you know the build up when you walk in and you wonder how many people are already in there and you wonder if you will get to pick any seat you want or if it will be full already and you will have to sit next to strangers........ you know what I am talking about. So we walk down the corridor and round the corner, yay my kids get to pick whatever seats they want, blah blah blah..... I can't be excited for them because all I can see is garbage! Yes I said garbage! There was garbage, popcorn, candy boxes, soda cups, under all the seats! I had to turn around and make sure we didn't walk into a movie that was already playing! But in fact we were in the correct theater and that was in fact trash under all the seats! So apparently they don't actually sweep out the trash, instead they just sweep it under the seats?!?! I was freaking out, but I had to do my best to put my OCD away so I didn't ruin the night for my kids. My hubby didn't even have to look at me to know what was going on, he did his best to find the seats with the least trash. Then once the movie started we noticed there was a big scratch down the left side of the movie screen! Seriously, this was not going to be my night! This was just a lesson learned for my husband and I. We prefer the Aliante movie theater but we chose to go to the Santa Fe because it was closer to our house, we chose poorly! We will make the drive next time!
4	Pros:  Self serve and wide variety of concessions.  Beautiful lobby.  Cons:  No drink refills and the theaters themselves are not as nice as Aliante.
4	Very clean movie theater and self serve concessions! I don't live in Vegas and a friend brought me here because it's his local theater. The whole connected to the casino is a little interesting to me, but it does give you something to do if you arrive a little early. They didn't have an issue with bringing in my Starbucks. The concessions are a little expensive. I live in Chicago and popcorn doesn't cost $8 there and our cost of living is much higher than Vegas. Overall a nice theater.
4	I love the fact that this theatre is down the street from my house.  I also love the fact that there is a separate entrance into the movie theatre and that you don't have to walk into the casino to get to it.  There is a drop off area if you are dropping kids off.  Ample parking in the front and a short distance to the front of the theaters.2 lines for popcorn (one was closed when we went). 2 workers doing popcorn to keep the line moving.  Love that the drinks are self-serve so you can make it the way you like it.The theaters was not too cold or too warm, perfect temperature.  The seating are perfect so unless a giant sits in front of you, you can always see the screen.
4	Nice theatre. I enjoyed the friendly employees and the clean atmosphere. The restrooms were cleaned and did not smell like a dogs bum. The theatre lacks leg room. I sat in the 4th row and my knees touched the other seats infront of me. The air conditioning could be a little colder. Other than that it is an easy access in and out theatre with little to no issues.
4	Matinees before 6pm so there's some incentive to go early! This is the ONLY local theater I've found with kettle corn and it's truly fabulous when doused with butter too. It makes it a sweet, buttery dessert. The theaters aren't bad, but the seats don't recline much. Lots of previews, which I enjoy so I can decide what to see next.The movie: Wolf of Wall Street.It was cute. It was a lengthy movie about male debauchery. If you are looking for a movie about women treated like princesses, this IS NOT your movie. There were some really funny parts so it's entertaining.
4	Out of all the theaters I've been to (both here and in California) it is definitely one of the cleanest! You don't have to worry about sticky chair arms or slipping on spilled popcorn that wasn't swept up. Staff is friendly and helpful. I only had to wait in a super long line ONCE for one of the Twilight movies. Another plus it's close to home! Definitely recommend this theater
4	I really liked this theater, the rear entrance is a nice way to enter without having to deal with the casino. The theater was unusually clean and smelled good, nothing was sticky or stuffy like the theaters in KY where I currently live.The sound was good and the screens clean with a crisp image. You can tell the management cares about the quality of the presentation and experience. Again comparing to the movie theaters I've gotten used to in KY I had forgotten what a nice theater is supposed to be like. The entire time we were here was relaxing and enjoyable. No stress from long lines, rude people or ignorant staff, everything worked as it should and felt clean.The employees were friendly and enthusiastic about serving us.Only warning was about going in the afternoon in the middle of the week, a lot of seniors were here who tend to talk during the movie, some get lost and in one case an older woman came into the men's bathroom to yell at her husband for taking too long. You just have to laugh and think "I too will be them someday"!Otherwise a great theater I will visit again next time I'm in town.
4	First time at this century theater. Located inside Santa Fe Station Casino. I usually go to regal cinemas. Both are above par movie theaters. However, the seats at century theaters are what stood out. Very comfortable and just right for my size. Im average 5'6" filipino guy.. ill be comfortable during the course of the movie. They also offer kid movie packs for a small price $5. Includes small drink, small popcorn and candy. After the movies, you can head straight to the Santa Fe Station bowling alley for more fun and games. Enjoy!
1	I would give it no stars if I could . The movie theater was freezing I couldn't even concentrate on the movie. The seats are too close together, they squeaked every time you would move, and they are not comfortable at all. I wouldn't recommend going to this theater.
2	Boo! How are going to charge $13 for a drink and popcorn like every other theater but not let me get a refill on my soda?  NEVER again! I will bring my own drink ! Thats IF theres a next time! Smh!
3	Definitely the closest movie theater to my house but not always my first choice always on time with movies and things like that the snacks aren't  always the best in the customer service is iffy. The concession staff is very unhelpful and always rushes me when I go. On the plus side theaters are always clean.
2	Every time I visit this theater I have to bring extra socks and a blanket because it's like the frozen tundra. On my last visit to see the newest Hunger Games movie my daughter, who is obviously a student, wasn't allowed to have student price because she didn't have a student ID with her. Yet, my mother who is a senior didn't have to prove she was a senior. Double standard much??? The snacks are over priced and usually the help at the refreshment area aren't that friendly and rush you through. I didn't hear what the guy said for what cup to get for my beverage and when I asked again he was rude in repeating what he said and acted like I was some kind of idiot. On the upside, the rear entrance was nice. We didn't have to walk through the casino or very far at all, however, the parking was atrocious and we ended up having to walk a long way. Of all the things that could be improved; I would hope they consider some customer service training for their employees first. That is what bothers me the most.
