3	Having recently lost my job, I wanted to go out to breakfast without spending a lot of the little money I have left.  It was recommended that we go to the 50's Diner near Jones & Russell.  Hidden away (if you will) in a typical plaza that permeates the area, the 50's Diner does not stand out.  The name is up on the facade in an uninteresting red lettering akin to whatever else is in the plaza.  When you walk in you are surrounded by about 15-20 table and chairs, yet no booths; for a diner, booths would be a nice addition.  You seat yourself (the place was not busy and I was told the last time my friend visited, she was one of the few people there as well), but the waiter/waitress is quick to assist you.  The price of the meals is on par, however the specials are quite affordable (add $1.00 to a $3.99 meal on the weekend) and you get much more than what you pay for at this price.  I ordered something simple (pancakes, eggs and sausage with a side of biscuits and gravy).  Nothing stood out but nothing was bad; I really enjoyed the meal.  As the sign out front left an impression on me upon walking in, so did the restaurant itself.  Save for the music and decor, nothing else struck me with the restaurant.  For the price and quality of food, I would come back if we wanted a good breakfast.  A few improvements to attract customers and keep them coming back (more attractive sign, booths, 50's Diner costumes) would be a great addition to the 50's Diner.
4	As in the other reviews you can't beat a good breakfast for $3.99. The place is small but decorated to fit the 50's image. The service was great and the food was excellent as well. I had an omelet with Ortega Chiles and jack cheese. It was $6.99 for a six egg omelet. It was huge and it came with spuds ( kinda like thick cut potato chips with a great seasoning) and also I chose to get the homemade pumpkin bread. It had excellent flavor with a hint of nutmeg and cinnamon and wasn't a slice it was a chunk. My GF got one of the $3.99 specials. It was a scramble with ham, onion, mushroom, and cheese. It also came with spuds and choice of bread. I couldn't believe how much food she got for that $3.99 special. It also was very tasty. We will defiantly go back for some more of their reasonably priced excellent food. Oh ya and if you go please try the pumpkin bread.
2	SO and I hit it for "brunch" today ... although i don't care for the location ( in the middle of a strip center )  ...that's not a major factor because i love maple tree and nora's and they are in a similar spot within a strip mall/center.  the interior is ok - a bunch of oldie pics/album covers plastered on the wall but all tables no booths ...again , not a biggie... the menu - several bk specials for $3.99 ( you had about 5 to choose from ...that's cool ) ...of course neither of us went with the specials...SO had a "jr" omelet ( 3 eggs ) spuds ( thick potato chips ) and a bagel. i'm a little surprised by the other post saying their 6 egg omelet was $7 because the  3 egg omelet was also $7...hmmmmlike an idiot, i went with a meatloaf sandwich ... thin slices of "meatloaf"  ...ah hell...just boring ....i did order the pumkin bread ...hoping it would rival maple tree's maple bread ...ahhh... that's a big N O !  damn it !!  since it's so close to my house, i will try again and stick with the $3.99 specials ... i was hoping this place might give maple tree a run for it ... oh well
4	I am a fan of diners.  I am originally from New York, and there's a diner on every block.  Here in Vegas, it's really hard to find them.  The ones that we have found, have been extremely crowded and ridiculous.50's diner is awesome.  It is our favorite spot to go on Saturday/Sunday afternoons.  The owners are a young couple who also wait tables/cook there.  They are so attentive and friendly, and that's what makes us come back! They have GREAT prices, and it's not some big corporate, cookie-cutter place.  They treat you like you're somebody, and that's a lot to look for in such a commercial town.Their omelets are really good.  If you like pancakes, get theirs!  They have a really nice vanilla taste! Also, try their spuds!
4	just like Keith a pointed out here....(bunch of oldie pics/album covers plastered on the wall but all tables no booths )but to me it is a BIGGIE it is killing this place...no boothes no jukebox -thats what makes a diner a 50's diner, right??I came at 9 am on a Saturday and it was DEAD-2 other diners scattered in the very small open dining room of tables.The help was very friendly and fast, the food was terrific especially the spuds. The french toast was great, and so were the pancakes.We really enjoyed looking for Waldo in the mural of  a small 50's town painted across the entire wall on one side of the place.The whole time I couldn't get over the eery feeling that something had gone terribly wrong here because the place was empty but the food & service was great?? what's up with that?? did I miss something in the Taste section of the R-J??
4	2nd time around this place is a great little breakfast spot. Never too crowded, very friendly service and great low cost food.They have like 35+ omelettes and lots of under $5 breakfast choices.Still missing the uniforms,jukebox and boothes but the food is the real deal.
3	The restaurant is decorated in all things 50 including photos, model cars, album covers and two large murals. We each ordered stuffed French toast - mine with cinnamon apples and Ann with blueberries.  The food and service were very good and I look forward to our return.
4	Really like this place. Being from Philadelphia and used to seeing diners everywhere, it is a nice touch to find one in Vegas. The 50's decor is whimsical and I like that it looks homey (kind of reminds me of the 50's Cafe in Disney World). It looks like they are still remodeling and I cannot wait to see the results. The place is always at least half-way empty, but service is prompt and friendly. I was a little leery of the food at first, as the menu looks unassuming. However, the food pleasantly surprised me, the spuds (cross between potato chips and fries, very nicely seasoned) were delicious, as were many egg dishes. Anything from egg on a biscuit to over-easy eggs was cooked well and delivered promptly. Pumpkin bread was also delicious.This is a good place to do breakfast on a weekend. Can't wait to see what they do with their new decor!
4	09/09 update - Ann again ordered the French toast stuffed with blueberry cream cheese.  I opted for my first ever country scrambler - 2 scrambled eggs with ham, onions and mushrooms topped with cheddar cheese and served with spuds, similar to fresh potato chips, and whole wheat toast.  Note:  prices for the specials are $1 higher on weekends04/09 The restaurant is decorated in all things 50 including photos, model cars, album covers and two large murals. We each ordered stuffed French toast - mine with cinnamon apples and Ann with blueberries.  The food and service were very good and I look forward to our return.
4	This visit my wife ordered the bacon and eggs, spuds (similar to potato chips) and wheat toast special plus coffee while I opted for the country scrambler; eggs scrambled with ham, onions and mushrooms topped with cheddar cheese.  Both meals were very good as was the service.
5	I went to go here yesterday, and they are gone. Closed/.I love this place. It is clean, the staff is friendly, the food is terrific.I think the breakfast spuds are the best. I will continue to eat here.
2	Rather disappointed with the diner. I was expecting booths and a jukebox. Very average breakfast.
5	This is a must stop each time we visit Vegas. Its in a strip mall, so no exterior diner building. Inside is decorated with 50's handpainted murals. Fifties music plays in the background. Since my last visit 2 years ago, they added some vinyl booths. Very clean.The menu seems larger also. They added hashbrowns which was very light and made inhouse. My wife got Egg Florintine with spuds which is two poached eggs on english muffin with spinach and mushrooms covered with Bernaise sauce. The fresh coffee kept flowing and was NOT BURNT as in some places. I got my usual cheedar cheese omelete with hash browns and a thick hamsteak. I got the 3 egg omlete, they have a 6 egg omlete  which must be huge. The staff is very friendly and prompt. Eating here is a pleasure..
