4	When I read about this restaurant I knew we had to try it. We were generally pleased. The flatbread was great. Our friend enjoyed her panini. My wife enjoyed the mozzarella taster. I got clam linguini and was happy with it. My wife  liked her dessert but I don't remember which it was. There was a decent selection of wine. We shared a good Sicilian white. I thought the wines a little overpriced. Service was slow. It was an hour and forty minutes from arrival to departure. We were not in a great hurry but...  There were problems with paying. The waiter forgot to charge for the wine. I sometimes feel I am keeping servers solvent and restaurants in business with errors of this kind that I correct. I want to pay for what I consume. We paid with two credit cards. I was to pay 2/3 and our friend 1/3 and the waiter held each card and recited it back. There were problems dividing the bill and our friend ended up with 2/3 not us. We will work it out but it was frustrating. Finally, going through this site during lunch I realized that happy hour was started before we arrived but no mention was made of it. If this menu is available I feel it should be offered. I feel as if it was concealed to get us to buy a more expensive lunch. Perhaps I am wrong. We will be back.  We like Tomaso's so should eventually see this turn into a great place for a meal.
2	This place was authentic Italian food, so authentic that no one we spoke to understood English. We ordered a pizza with a side of ranch. The waiter did not understand when I said ranch, and my request was ignored. Ordered salads and a pasta dish. The pizza was a good portion size which is why I give the place two stars. The pasta was a smaller size so we requested another salad to accompany it, the guy did not understand us when we asked for another salad, he kept pointing to the salt and saying "salt" and we kept saying no salad, we had to point to a salad and say "salad". The service was very slow. It took about 15-20 minutes to have anyone take our order. A table was seated about 10 minutes after ours and the waiter went there first. There was so much confusion at the tables and there were only 3 other tables, so it was not like the place was packed. It took another 40-45 minutes for our food to come out. The food was good, but they definitely need work on the service.
5	Drive by this place quite often during the week and when I saw the Grand Opening banner I knew I had to check it out.  Took my boss for lunch and I am so very happy that we decided to celebrate the day at Vivo.  We started with salads and the caprese starter.  The boss and I split a pizza which was amazing and the salads were fresh and tasty.  The wine was incredible and the tirimasu we had for desert was absolutely divine.  I can see several more work lunches happening at Vivo in the very near future.  If you are in the mood for authentic Italian pizza and friendly service I cannot recommend this place enough.  Bravo Vivo!
4	Second visit: came specifically for happy hour as it existed previous visit a week before. This was partly about price but mostly because there were some interesting menu items for happy hour but not on lunch menu.  Unfortunately happy hour has been rescheduled. We debated going elsewhere but ended up staying and had a good lunch. It is a little expensive with prices being in the $12 to $20 range for salads, sandwiches and entrees. There is a decent wine list with reds mostly in the $10-15 range which also seems a little overpriced. Service was friendly but when we had a problem it was difficult getting waiter's attention. At 2 p.m. there was one other table and a handful of people at the bar so it wasn't busy.
4	Greeted and sat right away! Served hot sliced bread w/ olive oil heated in a panini press - good! Service good! No recommendations or anything, was offered dessert. I had the herb crusted / kale salad very good! I think would be a great evening place for an Italian date night!
5	This place is very new, and it is really wonderful!  I love the location and the food so much!  You can make reservations, though they aren't too busy during the week, but I haven't been there on a weekend so I can't speak to that.  I've tried one of their pastas as well as their pizza and both were delicious!  I can't wait to try more on their menu in the future because their food is awesome.  The atmosphere is really great, high ceilings, a nice bar with lots of seating, free standing tables on one side and large booths on another, it is altogether laid out very well.  I also like that it is modern looking on the inside, no tacky Italian-esque decor from Target here, the design is really well done.  I've always had great service here, the servers are nice and attentive, and they can answer any questions you may have.  The location of this restaurant is also great in that it is close to Old Town Scottsdale, but far enough away so that you can find a parking spot and you don't have to deal with hoards of crowds.
5	My wife and I had dinner there 2 nights ago. As experienced maybe even semi professional Italian food snobs, I can say we enjoyed our meal immensely. We were not very hungry so only had a plate of marinated anchovies and a pizza to share. The pie was the eggplant and other veggies with dry ricotta. Both were delish. The vino was nice and so was the beer. For some reason most restaurants in scottsdale we sampled do not have draught beer. Vivo does. Thanks!Our waiter, Joe was a joy. While he is not Italian he is Sicilian which is almost as good. Quite the professional. The restaurant is new but you cannot tell they have only been open five weeks. Very well run and a pleasant ambiance. Do yourself a favor and eat there!
4	Great Italian restaurant next door to that ridiculous sumo Maya. The atmosphere is nice and it's a very pretty restaurant. The wine list is extensive...5 pages I believe. They have a ton of specials and they all sounded very good. I would recommend the pizza, I had the Capricciosa and it was delicious. The pizza dough had a fantastic taste and all the ingredients were fresh. The rest of my party ordered entrees and although none had complaints about the taste, it was a little over priced for what you get. The happy hour menu looks great so we will be going back for that and we will be going back for pizza. I would highly recommend Vivo for the pizza.
3	Service was confusing and the menu transition from lunch to dinner was frustrating. Over all pizza was grand.
3	The food was not that great. I had high hopes as some times Tomasos food is great and others not so great. I would say this is his biggest weakness. Inconsistency. Today was not a great day. The veal was bland no seasoning and the raw onions was over powering. In addition the service was mediocre. Tomaso and 2 other persons sat at the bar while the waitress scrambled around. We won't go back and won't recommend. The pizza was ok.
4	First time at Vivo. Their TV was playing Italian TV shows which was cool.   First the food was excellent, no complaints at all, actually excellent.  Bruchetta Crudo was outstanding, veal marsala was tender, and had three veges with with it were perfectly cooked.  The pasta was al dente  and the meatballs were very tender. Oh, the Pane(bread) is home made.  The original waitress was a bit shaky but when Lucuano took over things went well.  The Italian wine list was quite interesting at very fair prices.  I would call this place mid priced and I will return.  My only complaint is the wine glasses have lips on them. .  I would have bought a bottle of Tignanello but but those cheap glasses dont fit a $340 dollar bottle of wine.  Understand 90% of the wine is FAR less expensive.
5	Wow! How have I not been here before last night? Great food.. Seriously good. I'm not a foodie but everyone at the table lived their meal, good wine, great service.... We will go back because my husband wants to order the osco bucco our friend ordered. Great experience.
4	I've never been to Italy, but this is probably the closest you'll come to eating a fine Italian meal in the valley of the sun. Freshness and quality, combined with great service make this restaurant a gem to behold in the rich culinary diversity of Scottsdale.Right upon seating you are served some fresh toasted bread drizzled with olive oil. The bread slices were perfect, a good balance of crisp crust with soft, slightly chewy center. The olive oil was high quality and was very flavorful.We ordered a variety of dishes, from pizza, to a remarkable seafood platter, to pasta. I ordered the black pasta. The pasta itself is hand made fresh, with the addition of squid ink to give it its signature dark color. I was excited to try this dish out since I've never had squid ink pasta before, and I was impressed. The pasta was cooked perfectly, with a slight salty, deep briny flavor. It went well with the sauce, langostinos, and scallops. I also tried some of the margherita pizza, which was superbly executed with a thin, crispy crust and lovely toppings. I also tried part of a meatball which was perfectly seasoned, with a delightful soft texture. My friend that had the impressive seafood platter (Lobster, clams, scallops, and possibly more!) enjoyed his meal overall, but did remark that the clams were gritty.Service was very polite and impeccable. Drinks were refilled quite often, and we were checked on as needed.Parking in this plaza is a bit of a pain since there are limited spots, but they do make up for it by offering free valet.This is definitely a new favorite for Italian food for me!
5	Great new restaurant!  Atmosphere & food as close to perfect as it can get.Pricing is fair for the portion size.Tommy has another winner!
3	Had dinner New Year's Eve. The server was attentive and friendly. Crab stuffed ravioli was great as were two specials including a salmon dish. The biggest disappointment was the lobster bisque. It was very watery, not at all what we expected from this tomaso spinoff. We might go back but I'll investigate other Italian restaurants before a return. Having lived in Europe 6 years and visited Italy dozens of times I'm still looking for that food experience here at comparable prices.
5	Wanted to find a new Italian restaurant and a couple of friends suggested Vivo. I'm so grateful they did! We had a delicious dinner tonight and we'll definitely be back! I started with the Lobster Bisque and it was awesome! Definitely worth the $11 price! Enjoyed the yummy Veal Piccata,  followed by the Tiramisu. Hubby and father-in-law both had the homemade pasta with meatballs. Brother-in-law had the salmon and son had the Black Linguine with Langostino Lobster and Scallops. Amazing! The service was excellent - zero complaints. Thank you Vivo!
