5	I texted mike at about 1pm and he was able to come to me and repair my IPhone 5s the same day. Start to finish took just a few hours. This is the best Irepair service I have ever had and I have broken my fair share of Idevices!! I will definaltey have mike also repair my two broken IPad mini's. Thanks again Mike your top notch keep up the great work!!!
5	Amazing service, very fast, good prices. Great customer service and highly recommended !!!!
5	Mike was awesome. I dropped my phone and shattered the screen and Mike came right over. Changed it out. He came to us! Done in under 5 minutes.
5	Great prices and service, I called mike he met up with me, and did a great job, looks like new again!!!! So happy! Didn't have to spend $200 for apple to fix it.
5	Mike is AMAZING! I highly recommend him for anyone who needs an iPhone repair! He was able to fix it the same day and he came to my work!!! He is the best.
5	Mike was awesome! Called him on an afternoon from my office and he came within the hour. Ten minutes later phone was like new! Amazing prices and great service!!
5	Great experience, Mike came to my work and replaced a shattered Iphone 4 screen quickly and for a fair price.
5	Fast service! Came to my work and had my phone fixed in ten minutes! Couldn't be happier with the service
5	Mike was awesome!! My new iphone was fixed in a matter of minutes and he even drove out a long 40 minute drive to meet me at my job! Thank you mike!
5	Great service.
5	Mike came to my work and quickly replaced my cracked 5S screen during my lunch break. Phone is like new again. Will contact him again if I need any future repairs.
5	Shattered iphone screens are a drag... Mike makes them all shiny and new again in a matter of minutes!  Thanks for meeting me close to my home and getting the job done so quickly!
5	I called Mike when I needed an urgent last minute fix at 8a on a workday. He met me at my work and fixed my iPhone 5s within 10 minutes and it's like brand new! So easy and fast. Will definitely recommend him to anyone!
5	Michael was great. Broke my screen at 2pm on Sunday and by 11am Monday it was fixed. He was fast, friendly and affordable. Also offered warranty on new screen. Would definitely recommend and use again(but hopefully won't have too).
5	This is the perfect solution when your screen breaks. Mike is very nice, professional, accommodating and he quickly fixed your phone. He will come to you, or you can go to him and he is very reasonably priced.  I would highly recommend to anyone!
5	Quick service!  Was here in 15 minutes and made my phone look like new after I cracked my screen into a million pieces! Friendly and quick!
5	I dropped my phone about 20 feet and completely demolished the screen to the point I could barely use my phone. Googled screen repair and found Mike. About 2 hours after we spoke he was at my job at lunch and had my phone fixed in minutes and arrived ahead of schedule. Disaster averted! I will definitely recommend Mike to anyone in a similar or less dramatic situation! And the price was far better than using my insurance plan!
5	Dropped my phone before I was taking off to Phoenix for a work trip. Couldn't find anyone in the SF area to fix in such a short amount of time. Called Mike when I landed in Phoenix and he offered to meet me that night. He ended up meeting me at work the next morning (he came back twice because I told him the wrong model!) and fixed within 10 min. It looks like new! Highly recommended!
5	Great fast service! This is my second time and the service was excellent!!! Will definitely call mike for all my iPhone repairs.
5	Mike came to my office at short notice and fixed my phone in under 15 min- no inconvenience, and a great price!He is the go to guy!
5	Mike did an awesome job replacing my iPhone 5s screen, had it replaced in a mater of 5 minutes on a Saturday!  Highly recommend him!
5	Mike is the best at what he does and will come to your home or place of business.  If have used him 3 times for my daughters phone and he comes through every time.  The screen he uses are of high quality and works every single time.  I highly recommend Mike for any iPhone repair needs.
5	This was such a simple process!! Mike was super flexible with my schedule and was able to meet me right away!! My phone was good as new within 15 min.
5	Called mike 30 minutes ago and I'm already sitting outside my work using the new screen. Great service, convenient, and a solid dude.
5	Mike was amazing !! Called him and within 30 we met at Starbucks and 10 minutes later my screen was fixed!! Great service great price!!!
5	They were great! They came to my house to replace my iPhone glass that day, and they completed the replacement in about 10 minutes. Very friendly and good service, will definitely recommend to my friends.
5	Awesome awesome awesome! Broke my phone and an hour later they came to my house and fixed it in ten minutes. Great service fair prices! Highly recommend.
5	Mike was professional, prompt, and did a great job! Took 15 min. to replace iPhone 5 display. Very good experience overall.  Quick, easy, and would call again!
5	Awesome service. Fixed my iPhone very quickly and phone looks great now! Thanks Mike!
5	Mike is a mobile phone repair service, and came to my house at my convenience...on a Sunday even! My phone screen was shattered pretty badly, and within 10 minutes, Mike has me set up with a new screen and tempered glass protector! Friendly, fast, and affordable. I am big on great customer service, and Mike is 5 stars all around! Thank you and I WILL be recommending him to family and friends!
5	Fast efficient service. Mike is fast and reliable. I have used him for my iPad mini and my iPhone 5 and within an hour of calling I had new working screens
5	Great service. Broke phone at 9:45 pm at home. Found mike online and called at 10:15 pm. He answered and was at my house by 11:15 pm phone was better then new 30 mins later. Best company I have ever done business with. HIGHLY recommend iPro if you break you iPhone.
5	Mike has helped my husband and I multiple times with our iphone screen crack incidents.  He comes to wherever we are and is super fast!  Hi prices are very reasonable too!! We highly recommend him for all your iphone mishaps!
5	Mike is excellent! After I contacted him, he came over to fix my cracked iPhone 5s screen the very next day. His prices are the most reasonable in town, and he makes sure he does it absolutely right. The overall process was very fast (under 20 minutes from start to finish). I felt very safe having him in my home, and it was a very friendly business transaction. I 100% recommend this repair service over the others in town!
5	What great service!!  Mike came right to my house and had my screen fixed in just 5 short minutes!!  Not only was the service great, he was super friendly and very informative!!  I also purchased a tempered glass cover for my phone that he installed. Faster, easier,  and less expensive than you would spend at Verizon or Apple!!
