4	I think this is the second night they are open. 20 taps of craft beer including Piehole Porter from Historic, Firestorm DBA, Oskar Blues Dales Pale, Angry Orchard, Boulder Chocolate Shake and others from Odell, Lumberyard, Deschutes and New Belgium. The space is open and clean with a killer bar as the center piece of the restaurant. Great TVs for sports but not overpowering. Some really great pictures on the walls of adventures from all over the world. A big patio for warmer times of the year. Looks like it would be good for large parties with a breakout room in the back with space for meetings or board games or whatever you need. If you like bikes, pizza, beer and good neighborhood vibes, come check this place out. Sit at the bar with Brittany or David, they will treat you right.
5	Awesome new spot in Mesa.  Great beer selection and menu.  I had the Piehole Porter that was delicious and the Moosedrool Burger.  Hard to beat jalapeno cream cheese and onion strings on a burger.  Careful with the smokin' jalapeno wings, as they are spicy (just the way you want them!).  Finally a great place to eat and grab a beer in the Fiesta District area, the place has a really great feel.  Can't wait to go back and try the pepperoni wheels (picture a pizza version of cinnammon rolls!)
4	Same great beer selection, good service and waffle fries--something spokes took off their menu..  Place is brand new and some speed bunps will be:  Work on tv volume for football games, way too loud (get some sound dampeners)Dim the lights at night, way to brightOtherwise food, beer and service were solid!  We look forward to seeing this place evolve.
5	Cool new restaurant spot.  Menu is better food than you would expect from your average sports bar, so it's really much more than just that.  Great selection of sandwiches, burgers, appetizers, salads, pizza, stromboli and pastas.  1 star.  They also have great vegetarian options for pretty much everything on the menu which you don't find often.  2 stars.  Great microbrew selection on tap.  3 stars.  Awesome feel and atmosphere, with photos from the outdoors, traveling and adventure sports everywhere.  Decor has a modern clean mix of wood, concrete, river rock, aspen and an interior bike rack for your ride.  4 stars.  Great service, odds are the GM Justin will stop by your table to make sure you've had a great experience.  5 STARS!
