4	This is the same local chain in the Charlotte area with locations by Carowinds, and in Rock Hill.  As for this location, the staff is friendly, the prices are good and their wings are decent with a good selection of flavors.  It is a little out of the way, much like the other wing place in the exact same facility- hopefully this one survives.
4	I found this place on the way home fro a Charlotte Knights game. It was pretty late, but the staff was friendly, the service was great and man what great wings.  Better than Buffalo Wild Wings.  Very friendly bartender and food was priced right. Definitely my new favorite wing place.
2	I have been a fan of the other Wing King locations, we decided to try this location for dinner. The restaurant was new enough that it still looked clean. The server took our order and it went downhill from there. The food for two of the four people at our table arrived. The server wrote down smokin BBQ instead of hot for one order so she sent it back to the kitchen to get it fixed. She came back after she delivered the last set of wings and asked if my nachos ever came out. I obviously did not wolf them down. She apologized and said she would check. She came back and said she took them off the check and I assumed they were being cooked. The manager came over a few minutes  later to apologize and said he took them off the check and was sorry they never came out. He asked if I still wanted something. I told him I was still hungry and had not eaten anything since I ordered so he said he would get me some at no charge. Duh, what's the use of taking them off my ticket if you are never going to give my any food!  They finally came out after everyone else was about done eating. Overall, the wings were good as they usually are but the service was not great. I probably will go back to the Wing King but not this location.
2	I don't know if Saturday afternoon is a bad time to go or not, but when we showed up a lot of the tables were not clean, the chair I was going to sit in had BBQ all over it so I had to pull a chair from a different table.  No biggie...Then, the service was terrible.  The waitress was probably having a bad day of, "I don't give a ****."   Then I noticed she was refilling our drinks with a cup that had lipstick stain on it!  Really?!   The wings tasted great.  Were a bit dry, but overall it was good.   Needless to say, I won't be eating here again.
4	Great wings, great service.   The place to go and watch a game and eat wings.
3	Wings in Fort Mill? Yes, they have them. The Tuesday night bunch usually have wings and beer and we sit at the table for a couple of hours telling tall tales and making inappropriate comments about the wait staff. So we know wings. And the Wing King is... meh. The prices aren't great, the beer specials aren't great and the wings... aren't great. Even though they have about thirty different flavors and boneless too. I found them to be a little too well fried and when they brought six orders to the table, mind were barely above room temperature.The fried pickle chips are great and the onion rings are great, but the wings are only blah. I had higher hopes for the wing "King".I'm sorry, your highness. I'll be here if the guys choose it but it won't be my first choice.
1	I tried calling to make a take out order and after three attempts because the phone line was busy it finally went through but no one would pick it up!  So, I drove over because it was a Saturday and I really was craving wings. I didn't want to drive all the way to Hooters in Rock Hill. When I walked in, the place was at 60% capacity. There's a "pick up" area to the left where a young lady was on the phone and a young guy was bagging up orders. I stood there in front of them for a few minutes and they never acknowledged me. I know they were busy but they could at least had made eye contact with me. Or say "we'll be right with you."  Instead I just stood there feeling very uncomfortable. So I just walked out. Managers:  You need to teach your staff basic customer service ASAP. Hooters will be getting my wing business from now on.
4	My family and I love getting take out from the Wing King Cafe!  They do a really good job at making sure you have everything you need.  Their wings are really decent.  The Ranch flavor is one of my favorites along with the Medium Buffalo style.  My husband loves their burgers!  He says they're always juicy and have a really good flavor.One of my favorite items on the menu are the fried mushrooms!  So yummy and they have a little bite to them!  Love dipping them in the ranch dressing.  Their fried pickles are yummy as well!
5	As far as wings go, this is the place!!  Love the Smoking Hot xtra crispy and the Hot Garlic - they use actually real minced garlic. Consistently good quality and quick service!  Beer special each night of the week.
2	Fried pickles were okay but portion was small.    Seriously?   Pickles cost next to nothing.   That didn't bode well for the rest of the meal.  Wings came out fast, but most of them were dry and over cooked.   one flavor were cold to the touch on the ends which was strange perhaps suggesting they were frozen before being fried.  They served only drums which was a positive.   The French fries were standard frozen fair.   Why not serve fresh cut you could be proud of?  The blue cheese dressing was homemade and excellent.  Top to bottom it seems like this establishment is skimping on the quality of its food to make ends meet which is a bad business choice.
1	My daughter and I went on a Friday night to have dinner. We come eat at this location at least once a week. We were waiting over 30 minutes for a table.  We noticed that 2 big groups which had just come in we're seated right away.  When I asked the hostess if we had been passed up, she told me that they seat bigger groups at the bigger tables.  It kind of rubbed me the wrong way, as all the tables seat 4 and are pushed together for larger groups.  At this point I decided to leave.  I will not come back and will tell my friends to stay away unless they are going in a large group.
3	This is literally down the road from us, so we go there a lot.The wings are great, and so are the Southwestern Egg Rolls! There are always good beer offers (tap & bottle) and the tables outside are a plus.The staff is nice & friendly, but things don't run smoothly. I'm not sure if they don't have a lot of servers, but there have been times where we waited for a while...We'll keep on going. Food's good, location's good for us. Why not, right? ;)
3	Between dine in and take out I've eaten here about a dozen times now since it's near my home.  Wings are good. I find it does vary from visit to visit though; sometimes the flavors I always order vary a bit in terms of heat and taste, sometimes wings are good, sometimes dry.  I like their raw fries, but they don't have a way to pack them that allows them to be very edible for take-out, so eat them in the restaurant if you want them.  The service is hit or miss also; I'd say 75% of the time I dine in it's good.  It's a very loud place when it's busy so probably not a great option if you want to sit and chat quietly, but that's to be expected from this type of place.  Lots of TVs in and out of the bar.  Good # of out-door tables.
2	The wings are good. The lemon garlic is great. The service is horrible.
1	My boyfriend and I went there, because he was craving some wings and we always drive by , and decided to stop in. Huge mistake on our part! We were seated outside, asked for a drink menu and they didn't have one. So, I then asked her what the specials were , she had to run inside and look real fast. Then she said, "oh, we'll our bartender she can make anything ." So , I asked for a mojito , she comes out two seconds later..actually we don't have fresh mint. I then just ask for a sangria . When she brought my sangria out, it just tasted like fruit punch with maybe a little wine, and some fruit in it. It was literally pathetic, and all that's was just in the first 10 minutes. My boyfriend orders , the wings which comes with fries and coleslaw. I order the turkey burger which comes with fries , and a pickle upon request. My boyfriend gets his meal, I get mine and look at it with such disbelieve. I'm looking at a turkey burger that was not fresh, but was a frozen one. The fries were also not freshly cut and had been frozen then cooked. Now, I understand that most places don't have fresh cut fries, but I could not believe that my entire meal had just all been frozen, then essentially just warmed up. I could have just gone to Walmart and done the same exact thing. People go out to eat so they can get food made by professionals, not frozen meals that are just warmed up. My boyfriend never got his coleslaw , and had to ask for it. She  brings out a tiny little container of coleslaw after we were already half way through with our meal. When we are finished we get the bill, I'm just so frustrated at this point, I go inside and ask to speak with the manager. The manager comes up to me, and I tell her all the issues I had. That I was annoyed by the fact that my whole meal had essentially just been warmed up, and my boyfriend had to ask for something that was suppose to come with his meal. Now, I work in sales , so I expected her to be very apologetic about it, and come up with some type of solution. However, that was not the case at all. She argued with me and said the turkey burger was freshly made, and so were the fries. Also the reason that the coleslaw was not brought out, is because people always throw them away so you have to ask if you want them. I said hmmm, we'll maybe you should ask people , instead of just assuming nobody wants them. She just shrugged her shoulders, and didn't care. I said to her, we'll this has been a terrible experience, I will never be coming back. She just said okay, and stood there looking at me with a bored look on her face. I was in complete shock, that she was a manager and she was representing wing king cafe in this light . My boyfriend and I paid for our meals, and left with a dissatisfying taste in our mouths. I was so upset about the experience that I had last night, I called this morning , and spoke to another manager. Hoping, that today my experience with wing king would be different. Sadly , that was not the case . It was actually worse (which I didn't think could be possible). He did confirm that my turkey burger was indeed frozen but that's the only thing on the menu that is frozen. I said it's very pathetic that your own manager does not know about your menu and your food prep. He kinda just mumbled, and never really offered any solution . Just said we'll sorry, and would just give me an array of excuses. I have never written a review about a place before , however my experience was so utterly horrific there, and the apathetic attitude from the managers , I felt the need to write one. I would never ever recommend this place to anybody. I will actually now, go out of my way to tell people about my horrible experience I had with Wing King Cafe, in Fort Mill , SC.
4	The garlic Parmesan wings are nothing less than awesome ....we have ordered take out here 3 times now and has been the same every time there good crispy wings the way they should be
4	Having spent most of life as a vegetarian, and now dabbling in poultry after pregnancy and having children, sitting around a table watching people suck the meat off wings and drumsticks is, well, slightly gag-a-rific! (I'm an LA girl people, whaddya want?? )I shudder to think about how many live creatures all these "wings" add up to. My husband no doubt can do away with at least about 10 of these little guys and gals in one sitting. ......moment of silence...... Having said that, I have enjoyed a more than a few wings at Wing King. That's kind of a big deal because of the aforementioned reasons. However, I find it a little more palatable having strips or "tenders." The breast meat sans bones is less caveman-y. They offer a variety of sauces, 20 or so. They range in heat, sweet, tangy, spicy , salty and garlicky. My favorite are the honey hot. We've always accompanied our order with some onion rings or deep fried pickles. Maybe even both. Let me just say that any combination of the above is quite the grease party. Not to say there aren't healthier options, there are. We just don't ever get any of them here. What's the point? It's Wing King, am I right? But if you're the healthy one in the bunch, there's something for you. You can get get grilled strips (why???)  or a salad (hehe.)  Actually, the salads are ok. But, the dressings are VERY good! If you're a fan of he creamy styles like blue cheese and ranch,  you will not be disappointed!! I have had all good experiences dining here. I only had one not so bueno moment when I picked up and order of regular strips with blue cheese but was given the grilled strips with ranch. It was not what I wanted. I waited several minutes for the waitress/hostess to get less busy so I could let her know. But she insisted it was correct.  I pressed a little more. I didn't look right to me. But again she insisted and seemed a tad annoyed. So I left. It was totally not what I ordered. I didn't enjoy them at all. Boo on her for not believing me.
5	This place has hands-down the best wings out there. Try the rotisserie, medium, garlic parm, and southwestern flavors. Delicious!! Great fried pickles and onion rings too- the sauce is so good!
3	Ordered grilled chicken sandwich with the teriyaki sauce and it was horrible. The breast was over cooked and chewy. I think they forgot my sauce...at least I hope they did because it was bland as hell and the kaiser roll was cold and stale. The fried mushrooms and southwest egg rolls were awesome and hubby's wings were good so I would give it another try.
