2	Let's begin with the overall atmosphere.  Very nice conversion from the old Fishbone with a nice and lively bar area.  Lighting is at a perfect level for a Friday night.   Hostesses are readily available and very friendly.  Greeting - AThis is where the experience began to deteriorate.   We initially entered with a party of 9 with 4 heading to the bar for drinks.  At the bar, we received quick and knowledgeable service from the first bartender.   When the 4th member of our group asked the second bartender for a Yuengling, she had to remind the bartender of her order..  EVENTUALLY getting her draft from the original bartender.  Not good.  Bar Service - CSeveral times while seated at the bar the hostesses would enter and "meekly" say a party's name for seating.  As such, many people were unable to hear their table being called.  (Queue system is desperately needed.)  We did miss our name being called.  When alerted the hostess said she had called it and that we would get seated next.  At this point 3 of our party decided to leave and after another 25 minutes we were seated (although MANY tables were open).  Wait Time - DTable service was quick and friendly.  We ordered our food and were advised as to flavors by the server which was nice.   Overall the food arrived quickly and well appointed.   As to my samplings:  crabcakes are not exciting with way too much filler, bam bam shrimp very tasty and great size though could have used a bit more sauce, pimento cheese with housemade chips was very good, and the Cajun Pasta with chicken had good flavor although it was overly peppered by a small degree.  Food - BOn a side note we did order drinks at the table that took 20 minutes to reach the table.  When prompted,  the server said "I'm in the weeds here, I'll go check on it."  She then returned with drinks all of which had warmed above what an acceptable temperature should be.  This was quite frustrating given the earlier incident with the bar service.  Professionalism - DOverall, I doubt we will be back until significant improvements to Front of House processes are made.  The food was fine, but at the end if the day I'm paying for a seemless experience and in that regard was left wanting.  I recommend waiting a few months for the kinks to be worked out before eating here.  Composite C-.
3	The service was good and the food was good for pub style. We almost didn't go in because the lot was full, but there is plenty of space inside. They are still training and I'm sure they will get better as they ramp up to full service.
5	I ate here tonight and had a great experience. I called the restaurant at about 6pm and they said they currently had a 45 minute wait and would put us on the list. We showed up at 6:45pm, told the hostess who we were, and were seated within a minute. Our waitress was very prompt with service throughout the entire dinner. Our food was great. My wife had the sirloin, ordered it medium rare and it came out Medium rare. I wouldn't say the steak was the best in my life, but it was very good. I ordered the Cajun pasta. It tasted great and was a huge portion. I'm sure the restaurant still has some kinks to work out, but I was very pleased tonight.
2	We were very excited about this place. It was nice to see something that wasn't a chain in the area. Upon arrival on a Saturday night, around 6 pm, the parking lot was full and we were worried about the wait. However, upon walking up we noticed many tables were open (5-6 open 4 tops), but low and behold there was still a 45 minute wait. We decided to grin and bear it. We ordered some drinks for our wait. I got a beer and the wife got a peach tea that was extremely sweet. Not the best drink for January or ever. Once seated in a room with a larger party and 5 or 6 more open tables and half the lights not working, we were set to order. We ordered chicken tenders and buttered pasta for the kids and a pimento blt for the wife and prime rib (medium rare) for me. The chicken tenders were fine (according to my daughter, who has a decent palate), the buttered pasta was awful (according to my son, wife and myself), the pimento blt was bad with a heavily cream cheese (?) based pimento cheese and bread that wasn't toasted, and the prime rib was received well done and under seasoned (which I determined by using the flashlight on my phone because the lights were still out). Overall, the experience was a fail and it will be difficult to return.
5	Love the atmosphere, tap selection and bar service was great.  Also try the pimento cheese and chips, trust me.
2	We thought we would give this place a try. It was Monday at 6 PM and the place was half-empty. We quickly learned that the wait was half an hour even though the majority of the tables were empty. After half an hour we were seated and the waitress made a comment about them being out of dishes. My wife had the spinach pasta and she thought it was really good. I had the Chicken Alfredo which was drowning in Alfredo sauce and lacked any kind of bread stick to go with it, was very messy but good. Our young one had the buttered noodles and she thought they were fine. My overall opinion is that this restaurant needs some serious fixing before they are ready for prime time. Don't go in thinking that the wait times actually are on a sliding scale. It appears that when they say half an hour they call you in half an hour even if there isn't wait staff available to help you.
2	The beer was good. Food not so much. Raspberry vinegarette tasted like wasabi. My other ordered the Cajun pasta, do yourself a favor don't order it. It's like six pounds of thick butter and nastiness. I ordered the Mediterranean chicken but was brought shrimp skewers. All in all, the spinach was pretty good. I can't say I'll return for more.
3	I ate there last night. It was better than when we tried to go when they first opened - too crowded, not enough wait staff . I had the rib eye steak it was so so. The potatoes was just butter and some garlic, nothing to write home about. Will go again try something different, to get my final opinion of this place
3	Great location.  Great food.  We enjoy going there!!!!  The owner teddy is awesome. He walks around talking to everyone.  The crab dip is wonderful. Highly recommend you trying it out.
1	We were really hoping this place would be good, but it wasn't. I loved the look, but the food was disgusting. We ordered the crab dip which was gross and I ordered fettuccine which was canned and tasted awful. The owner was nice and apologized but unfortunately you have to have good food with all the competition out there.
3	It's hard to sum up my feelings about this place. "Meh" seems to be the closest description. In fact, that was the exact response when I asked my boyfriend how his french onion soup was. Let's start at the beginning. The Mill opened a few months ago in that big brick building where the old Fishbone Grill used to be. When you walk in you can see that they didn't do much remodeling, but they didn't need to. The exposed wood rafters, stained concrete floor, and low brick dividing walls leftover from Fishbone fit perfectly into the mill house/country vintage chic vibe they were going for. The atmosphere was nice, subtle, and infused with some softer classic rock. The atmosphere isn't as important as the food, and unfortunately in this case the food did not quite compare.We had crab dip, french onion soup, and fettuccine alfredo, which we got in that order and in a timely fashion. The crab dip was good, with a nice layer of melty pepper jack cheese that lent just the right amount of spice to an otherwise average dip. The aforementioned "meh" french onion soup came alongside my salad, a mixture of greens (no brown iceburg here) with a disappointing honey mustard dressing. The soup itself was "fine, but like they pulled it off before it was done cooking", lacking the deep, stewed-for-days flavor that makes a fantastic french onion soup. The alfredo was fine. Thick, creamy, a little too much pepper an not enough garlic, but a generous portion for nine dollars. We split it and still ended up taking half home.Would I recommend The Mill? Sure. There's something for everyone, and the service, atmosphere, and beer, can probably make up for the mediocre food.
4	Great ribs... I had a 1/2 rack and it was more than enough food and much better than some other "big name" BBQ places that I won't mention the names of.  Great local beers on-tap (Foothills, Noda) to boot!
2	This place needs to make up its mind what it wants to be.  The name infers that it's a bar serving bar food and beers on tap. We walked in for dinner yesterday on a Saturday night and in the bar was a guy in his 30's eating a plate of pasta, a 4-top of women, 2 older gentlemen sipping on beers and 2 other 50ish women having a deep conversation. I had to verify the day of the week with my husband...yes it was a Saturday not a Tuesday.  They did have some local beers on tap which I appreciated.  The NBA Finals were on the big screen, which I would assume most bars would have.  A few minutes into our visit, we figured put why it was so empty.  A lounge act gets in front of the mic and proceeded to play a set of the most depressing music possible. We ate and left quickly.  I doubt we will be back and can't imagine this place staying open for long anyway.
4	Really enjoyed my first visit. I will spend my money here again. I had the ribs, crab soup, house cut chips w/ pimento cheese, sweet potato mash and salad. Everything was VERY good. I will be going back and bringing friends and family with me.
1	Absolutely terrible. The service in the bar section was awful because the restaurant was understaffed and to add to the poor service the food quality was inexcusable as it was overcooked and bland. We ordered calamari which I did not taste, sliders which were tiny pieces of crumbly dry meat on a bland bun. No sauce or garnish whatsoever. The sliders were served with about 8 fries and no condiments. We asked for ranch dressing sides upon ordering and didn't get it until 3o minutes later after having to ask several times. I ordered the fettuccini and it was also bland. It was served with a side salad that was prepped and stuck in a refrigerator who knows how long before being served. I could tell because it was all dried out and shriveled. I had to literally wait 25 minutes to get silverware AFTER my salad arrived at the table. It took forever in between drinks. We asked for Gran Marnier to be added to our margaritas and the waitress didn't even know what it was. Honestly this place needs more staff and better food to avoid an epic failure. The ONLY good things about this place is the decor was pretty cool and the musician performing live was actually pretty darn good. Forget getting a buzz though because it took so long between drinks. All in all this experience was extremely disappointing.
5	The mill is great.  The reviews here are mostly out of date.  The food is very fresh and we have always had great service.  I think things have improved a lot since they first opened.  Great craft beers and their burgers are awesome.
4	We were here on Monday night at 8:30.  They have 20+ ppl at the regular dining table, 20+ ppl at the bar.  We were seated at the table. My husband ordered rib cooked med rare with spinach, and I ordered a pasta. The paste's portion is huge!! I could take a large togo box for tomorrow lunch & dinner.  The flavor tasted a little bit flat, probably need to add some salt or garlic in it. My husband's rib is AWESOME++. Flavor, texture, portion, looking, everything is perfect! Actually, I would change my favorite steakhouse from outback to THE MILL!We had some draft beer too. They have $5 for 4 samplings, each on is about 4-5oz. The regular size draft is from $4.  Not bad at all to taste different beers at this reasonable price.  These draft are all over $7 for each one in Charlotte.It is a very nice place to hang out with families. Because their dining tables are separately from the bar, the music is also not too loud. We will be back!
3	This is right around the corner from the fella's house, and we'd been eyeballing it - and the Yelp reviews - for months. We could never muster up the energy to try it out til the Friday before Labor Day when we begrudgingly visited for an early dinner.Much to our surprise, it wasn't half bad. Maybe it depends on the day and time you visit? We were seated promptly, and our waitress was friendly. I ordered the spinach salad with chicken, and the fella got the blackened tilapia sandwich with veggies. We were both pleasantly surprised.I never went when it was Fishbone, but the inside is huge - bar on one side, restaurant on the other - and it feels like any nondescript chain restaurant. Their beer list was also surprisingly diverse with a few craft beers thrown in there.The one oddity that stood out was that they have a 7 oz filet on the menu for $23... does anyone actually order that here? It didn't feel like a steak place, and it certainly didn't feel like a $23 steak place.Overall, I'm glad we went, and I'd try it again just to see if they've finally gotten their footing.
3	My family and I have been several times since their opening.  The prices are very good compared to most places.  The burgers won't disappoint, especially if you decide to build your own with a large variety of selections to top.  Customer service has always been good although it always seems only about 1/3 full when we go.  It beats any chain restaurant as the selection is varied and they have put their own stamp on the dishes.  Good causal choice for family dining or a start to the night out with friends.
5	Ok so I was one of those that came in here early, service and food left a lot to be desired. The owner cleaned house after opening and what a difference!!  Tonight I must admit the meal was delicious! Nothing complicated--Mediterranean chicken and my shrimp salad. Drinks perfectly mixed and service that felt "big city"! Nice comeback!! We will be back! Belinda, our waitress was outstanding!! Come see her on Saturdays--college football!
3	Food was good, beer selection was decent. I was surprised they had no craft beer on tap from any South Carolina breweries though. The biggest issue with this place was the service. Many of the servers and hostess staff seem extremely young and inexperienced. Just my two cents.
