4	This is a restaurant inside of the Fiesta Resort Conference Center. It deserves it's own entry here on yelp. Now we didn't get to have the complete restaurant experience here due to it being late, and our only reason for being here is a flight missed connection. I have to give 2 thumbs up for the service in the lounge area with a smiling face by Jenn the waitress. She had to work late with the rush of hungry travelers, but she didn't seem to mind. I had a soup and salad. On the menu it said "Chef's Famous Chicken Tortilla Soup." I had to try it and wow...it's the best I've ever had anywhere. So, here in our situation tired, hungry, and stuck...I discovered the best Tortilla soup ever. I wish I had the recipe. If anyone ever gets graced with it, please let me know. Delicious!
2	I'm assuming this is pretty standard for a hotel restaurant to not be amazing, but this one was mediocre at best. Underwhelming service, unimpressive food, small menu and pretty pricey at that. I'd say take the shuttle to a different restaurant in town.
2	20 mins for tea, the place was not even busy bad service good food!
4	I am staying at the hotel and I've been eating the spinach salad since I'm on a healthy diet. It seems its the only thing I can eat but the burger, fish and chips was enjoyed by my boyfriend very much. The staff is super sweet and very nice.
2	The food was good but the service was poor.
2	We were here because of a conference being held here.Restaurant was fine. The service was very lack-luster, but it's summer (slow) and I assumed she was new to waitressing. Turns out she isn't, she just isn't very secure with herself & doesn't understand customer service. More afraid of "getting in trouble." (verified by the manager who came over later).They ran out of their happy hour wine, so our friends waited 20 minutes for the manager to "get a new bottle." (not exaggerating that time, actually 20 mins). Guess she got one, then realized it wasn't going to be cold soon, so finally they upgraded the wine but served at HH pricing. Good move after such a long wait to get a glass.Unfortunately, when we asked for another glass, we were told "they are out, the manager won't let me give you more of that one." In other words, the manager didn't want to pour anymore of the upgraded wine at HH price. Okay, so we ordered the red HH wine instead. We ordered the prime rib special. It was "fine." No complaints, but everything was very average. Part-way through dinner the glass got knocked over on accident, more full than not. We asked to get another, they made it VERY clear we would have to pay for it since it wasn't their fault it spilled....  Well they were right, but we were the table that waited 20 mins to get the first one, then were told we couldn't have any MORE of that one... In terms of food costs, how much is a few ounces of a cheap bottle of red? It lacks logic, unless they are being beaten up about budget. I ran to the restroom to wash the red wine out of my clothing. My friend asked if they had a towel or something at the front desk, explaining wine had spilled all over me in the restaurant. They gave her a Shout wipe, which really helped. She went back to get a couple more from the front desk and was told, "We can't give out any more,  they are expensive. You can but them if you want." (hear the theme?)  She charged the little shout wipe packs to her room for I think $2 each!  Basically, I feel like what is most important to this place is survival, and they aren't doing well. The focus on the customer isn't the priority - feels like someone in the hotel's management is makiing decisions based on penny-wise, hammering fear of losing (more?) money into all the employees, thus missing where it dings the customer's experience.
