4	Heck Yes. First to review. I always forget to review service businesses. It's just not nearly as fun to review as restaurants/bars. But these guys deserve a review. I called them and another company to get a bid on getting my yard cleaned up. It was ridiculous back there. Legit jungle status. The weeds were getting to be as tall as me and the bushes were out of control. I called and spoke to a very friend woman. She sent me an email confirmation and had Scott coming the next day to give me a bid. They were significantly less expensive than the other bid I got (a company I also found on Yelp with FAR MORE reviews than Greenstar). I scheduled for their first available day and they did an amazing job. My backyard is a whole new place and we're on monthly service with them. I wish they had once a month service because my yard is mostly rock and doesn't need to be upkept too much. But their prices are so reasonable. Not only is the customer service great, but they're green too! They take the trimming and yard debris and compost it instead of filling landfills. They have a really simple online payment system too. Great job guys! I'm sure my dogs are happy to have a clean yard to tromp through.
5	Scott gave me a reasonable estimate to re-sod my backyard, replace/update my sprinkler system, and plant a few trees and other plants.  His guys worked very hard and did a great job.  I am very pleased with the results!  I plan to hire them again for future projects.
5	Greenstar was a great company to work with. They provided me with excellent, aggressive pricing and a great finished product.I can be a difficult and demanding customer, but Scott and Dan took it all in stride. They worked around all of my requests and even accommodated a scheduling problem that I created without issue. The job was finished quickly and to very high standards. To top it off the work crew was impeccable in their conduct, workmanship, and their clean-up after the job. They even helped clean up a mess left by another contractor.I would not hesitate to recommend them for any job, large or small.
2	Greenstar Eco did an adequate job the first time the serviced my yard.  We have desert landscaping with several bushes, a small patch of grass and fruit trees. After the first visit they barely stayed 20 minutes.  Our bushes were not maintained and we had to repeatedly ask them to perform routine yard maintenance. They started coming later in the day and then suddenly 2 weeks ago they stopped showing up.  We were given no notice of a delay so we called; the receptionist gave us an excuse that the account manager was sick. It came out later that they were trying to outsource our yard since we are in Avondale.  We did not hear back after another week.  Needless to say we found another landscaper who does more for us with no need for direction.  We have advised Greenstar to stop shopping landscapers to sell our contract to; we no longer require their less than professional service.
5	Greenstar Eco will make your landscaping dreams come true, and if you don't have a dream, Dan will create one for you!  The process started with Dan coming to our home for pictures and to get an idea of what we were looking for.  We had a few ideas in mind of what we thought we wanted to see but our vision was pretty general.  Dan came back with a detailed, digital plan, to walk us through his ideas. We decided to leave the creativity to him!  We set a project start date and the Greenstar crew quickly got to work.  We highly recommend Greenstar Eco to anyone looking for creativity, craftsmanship and a friendly, professional company.  It is truly amazing to see the design go from computer to real life.  Working with Dan and the rest of the Greenstar Eco team was great from start to finish!
5	Dan and team did a great job bringing my yard back up to snuff. I had them remove grass in the front and replace with granite, move a block wall to create an alley on the side of my house, and fix my rear sprinkler system while replacing the sod to get my lawn back. Overall: A great experience, with great workmanship and speed! Would recommend Greenstar Eco to anyone for any yard project. Paying online is also a huge bonus, fast and easy.
5	GREAT company to work with!  Dan was very professional, had great follow up and easy to work with.  Their pricing is competitive, they actually have a Office Manager (Mary) who answers the phone, calls you back and ensures a smooth process.  The crew was professional and worked hard to complete our project in a timely manner.  Also like the fact that you can pay your bill online; just another benefit to working with Greenstar Eco.  Definitely reach out to Dan for a bid, you won't be disappointed!
