2	We rolled up to the state fair on a fine Sunday afternoon.  I was well hydrated and ready for an evening of debauchery involving barnyard animals, deep fried GARBAGE, shitty domestic beer in a plastic cup, and "amusement" rides.  Zed and Nickels were on the buddy system, I was their backup buddy, the third wheel on the tricycle of fun, 3-dub for short.Is it sad that the best thing I can say about the State Fair is that with enough beer it becomes tolerable?  I discovered that I am not a big fan of deep fried sweets.  Maybe I'm just not in the right space for it, but most of the food options at the Fair looked uniformly gross.  Nickels went gaga over the bunny rabbits while I had a staring contest with a turkey.  Man turkeys are a lot of ugly to pack into one bird.  I'm not sure I can continue to eat something that ugly, because if you are what you eat, well let's just say it's not going to be pretty and leave it at that.You would think the funhouse type attractions would be more fun with a few beers but honestly they just weren't. I wanted them to be, but there was nothing scary or really all that interesting about them.  The sky rail thing was a little fun altough I felt a little silly sitting up there without skis on and you can imagine my disappointment when the ride did not end at the top of a mountain.We successfully avoided a Doughtry concert, which made me happy, but there was some sort of frightening pre-teen dance troup trainwreck that we ended up in front of at some point.  We tried to make light of it.  I tried to remember the hilarity of Donnie Darko's little sister's dance troup.  I made a half hearted attempt at telling Zed that sometimes I doubt his commitment to Sparklemotion but it was no use.  Nickels brought up the fact that somewhere in the audience there was probably a pedophile or two taking in the show and it was all down hill from there.  We walked away skeeved out at a society that thinks it's cute to paint up 11 year olds like $10 whores, throw them in sparkly boyshorts, teach them to shake their asses in some semblance of coordinated effort and call it entertainment.
3	OHMYGOD...  FRIED SNICKERS BARS and FRIED TWINKIES and FRIED OREOS...and maybe even FRIED SHOES or UMBRELLAS OR FRIED SMALL CHILDREN or something. Yes! Yes! Yes!Oh - but the rides suck. So -2 for sucky rides. And for only having goats in the petting zoo. Yick.
3	BABY GOATS BABY GOATS BABY GOATS!!!It's all about the baby goats.And fantastically revolting carnie food.Rides? Meh. I will gladly continue to rub elbows with the seedier side of life to see more baby goats.
4	If you're OK braving the DMV or Walmart crowd, the October/November tradition known as the Arizona State Fair should be a breeze. Hey, I ain't above these sorts of things.  Shoot, this place oozes nostalgia that we can all relate with.Halloween night is arguably the best night to check the fair out.  Its usual large crowd dwindles to a small but steady stream as families stay home to do the trick or treat thang. For singles and couples that means - green light for the carnival and all sorts of artery-clogging junk food. But it also means costumed fairgoers galore, and little to no waits in line for rides.A few cool observations:* Free parking (as opposed to $10) if you park at the State Capitol and take the shuttle buses that run every few minutes.* Expensive concessions, to be expected of course.* Asphalt-paved grounds are a nice touch for those whose allergies are aggravated by the usual grass and dust of a typical fair.* Intersting people-watching, including the 40-something costumed couple dressed as a matching nut and bolt.* Your normal selection of carnival rides include the gigantic ferris wheel plus the skyride tramway-like ride reminsicent of the buckets at Disneyland.* The Arizona Game and Fish dept. with their interactive exhibit is impressive and done well.* Shrewd and aggressive little old ladies in the culinary arts exhibit who somehow recruited me for the 2008 SPAM cooking contest.  Not quite sure how that happened, btw.All in all, a fun and klassy time.
3	It's fun to go to every 2-3 years.  I do like the ferris wheel and riding the camel and stuff like that.  I also like funnel cakes a lot and having one every few years sounds perfect to me.
4	Okay I  know I am little early , the fair hasn't arrived this year yet. But I  am going make myself vulnerable and show something not many know about me. I love the fair. Yes once a year I get all worked up with excitement to see and do the fair. What you might wonder would I  like about the fair. The fair is my mental through back to a time not unlike that of a dear pig named Wilbur. I love the thought of canning foods, raising goats and rabbits, eating turkey legs and  staring at carnies. I have even convinced my family to join me in this and we have now a tradition. We eat , walk, the kids ride rides, and we gawk and wonder .I have even gotten my daughter to enter the baking competitions with me. Tee Hee.I have to admit the fair is not for everyone. It has it's downsides and definitely gets scarier the closer to the weekend you are.But each year I  feel warmly , tingly, going thru all my pre fair rituals.  Lots of money ,check.  sturdy walking shoes, check.  empty belly for strange food wonders, check. The fair is just around the corner. Friday, October 10 - Sunday, November 2 , see you there.
2	The Arizona State Fair is more like a carnival.  Maybe it's because I'm from the Midwest, but I think the focus of state fairs should be on agriculture, animals, exhibits, etc.  The best things about the Arizona State Fair are the inexpensive concerts and the salt water taffy.They get two stars from me for the ferris wheel where I got engaged.
5	Frozen chocolate-covered cheesecake on a stick with artificial strawberry swirls.  See you in October!
4	The fair is here ! The fair is here!
4	An update ! My daughter and I won first place for chocolate chip cookies ! My daughter also won third place for Red Velvet Cupcakes .And I won second prize  for Banana Bread. Yippee!  And of course we had a great day at the fair .
4	Had a great time here last week with my daughters. It's good to go soon after they get set-up (less stinky). The rides were fun, the food AWESOME, and the games were the same old trickery - though now you pay for them with a pre-paid game card instead of cash which helps keep them legit.You HAVE to try feeding the baby Giraffe and Camel in the petting area!Going to Weezer concert here tonight - hoping to avoid a stabbing.
4	I have to say the food is gross, but the concerts are fun, and the beer in the concert venue is cheaper than on the grounds, but either way- no beer for me. We went on the ferris wheel which only suceeded in scaring me. This fair gets 4 stars for the free on street parking, some guy who gave us free tickets to get in, and for inspiring my fiance to adopt a chicken. Yup. You heard it here first- we're officially urban poultry keepers.Its a hen actually. I'm from the midwest, were County fairs and the Quarter Horse Congress are more my speed. I will say a big thanks for the little 4-H ers who do a great job!
4	Listen up!  I go for the food.  I got suckered into taking 2 14-year old girls.  The boss' daughter and her BFF.  I dragged Jenni from work so I could have an adult around.The only rides I went on were the chair lift and the giant ferris wheel.  Anything that would mess my hair is O-U-T out!  Walking into the fair was worse than WalFart as far as sensory overload goes.  But, that's what the fair's for, right?We got there around 7, so there wasn't too much of a crowd.  Had to stop immediately and catch part of the demolition derby.  I have always wanted to do derby - demolition or roller!  Ah, the crowd at the fair.  I have never seen so many sorry souls in one place!  Seriously, Jenni and I saw a dozen different people with some sort of neck wound.  WTF???The petting zoo was cute, but reminded me of why I went vegetarian years ago.  It also made my token 14-yr old question her meat-eating.  There was even a camel!  A CAMEL!  In the desert!  Fancy that!The food.  Ahhhhhhh fair food!  Got curly fries for $6.50.  I would have complained about the price but MAN ALIVE it was a huge plate!  I shared it with everyone - even random peeps workin' the games!On the way to the car, we each got a funnel cake.  I had mine with just powdered sugar.  Jenni did, too.  The girls had their own, too.  One got the apple and I had a bit.  Yum!  The other got strawberries with whipped cream.  14-year old girls can eat that, ya know.  37-year olds only dream of it.I bumped into a few people I knew, which was cool.By the time we left at 9:30, the place was PACKED.  My boobies got elbowed by countless people who don't even realize they had the privilege.  Snooze, ya lose!
2	We went to the fair on opening day. A buck to get in but 12.00 to park. We took my nine year old neice who had never been to a fair (she lives in Globe and they keep her fairly sheltered). She was overwhelmed just walking in and I caught her staring at quite a few people. She probably would have been happy to leave right then having seen enough freaky people.The food was good. Fair food. Greasy and sugary and cotton candy wonderfuliciousness. That's a word. Don't question me.We rode a few rides. Had a great time. We decided to leave just three hours later when we spotted two 12 or 13 yr old girls makin' out. Yeah, thankfully she didn't see THAT. It would have been a long ride home full of questions...that only her mother should answer. On the way out we stepped over a hypodermic needle. I like how the addicts just leave it there for the next guy. I like a giving spirit.
3	I don't feel good today.  Why did I have to eat barbecue, frozen yogurt ($4 for a standard cone-not a waffle cone mind you!), funnel cake, candy apple, cashews, and cotton candy in one trip?  Oh yeah, because it's the fair!  I did skip all the fried candy bars, twinkies, and whatever else that batter will stick to crap.Also went on a few rides.  I couldn't find one of my favorite rides this year and couldn't ask about it because I know it by the name it had in 1976 "The Scrambler".  It's the one where if you sit on the correct side of the seat, you will squash your companion.  Not a big fan of this new e-ticket card either.  Too hard to keep track of how many tickets you have left.  We had to go to a booth to check the balance because the ride attendants were too busy to tell us.  That made me want to hold up the line having him scan a bunch of empty cards.  Also, how do I know they are not overcharging me for a ride?Also checked out a bear show and a few of the exhibits.  Not a bad evening.  Now I need a payday loan to cover it.
4	Growing up, one of my favorite movies was the animated version of Charlotte's Web. One of my favorite scenes from the film is when the rat, Templeton, goes around the fair at night, collecting left-over food scraps and garbage. He eats everything in sight, singing all the while about the fair being a "smorgasbord, orgasbord, orgasbord." At the end of the night, he returns to the pen where Wilbur is being kept, proclaiming "What a night! Never have I seen such leavings! Everything well ripened, seasoned with the passage of time and the heat of the day. Oh, it was rich, my friends. Rich!"Well, there's no better way to describe the way I felt when I returned home from the State Fair on Friday night. I was disgustingly full of the greasiest food on Earth but incredibly satisfied at the same time. Like Templeton, my husband and I (and fellow fair-going companions) really partook in the "smorgasbord" - we consumed a corn dog, fried gator on a stick, mini donuts, funnel cake, bratwurst, and a massive turkey leg (which was delicious, by the way!). It was like Thanksgiving dinner, but less nutritionally complete. Of course, we also had some alcoholic beverages - the drinks we tried were all very expensive ($8.50 for beer and up to $12 for a mixed drink) but we were pleasantly surprised by how strong they were. No watered-down drinks for this crowd of fair-goers! Another totally hedonistic experience at the state fair was the fabulous (and totally free!) Old School Jam concert. We rocked out to Coolio, Club Noveau, Climax, and Naughty by Nature (Ton-Loc was too cool for (old) school and skipped out). Maybe they weren't as good as back in the day, but we all had so much fun re-living the good old days and dancing off all of that ridiculously caloric food! The only less-than-fun part of the whole concert was the grumpy people behind us who told us to sit down (have they ever been to a concert?!), but their bad attitude was the only downer of the whole experience. If you haven't been to the state fair yet AND you like eating lots of junky food in a no-frills environment, I recommend you check it out. You have until November 2, 2008 to do so. I believe you can still see Meatloaf and LL Cool J if you are interested in a concert. To save money on parking, park in the Capitol building lot (northeast corner of 19th Ave and Jefferson) and take the free shuttle (runs every fifteen minutes). Just don't have too much fun  or you might almost miss the last shuttle like we did!
4	Once again the fair as entertained, enchanted and amazed my family.  We now have gone so many times over the years we have certain traditions and expectations.Turkey Leg for Daughter -checkFrozen Banana for mom- check Walk thru exposition hall  buy some tacky item --check Visit Baked Goods -check Ride tilt a whirl -checkEat curly fries-check Observe the Livestock -checkYup it's all good . In fact this time it seemed cleaner and nicer than normal . Way to go AZ  Fair.
1	As others have noted, it's not a fair, it's a carnival.  I've always imagined State Fairs to be where people from the actual State get together and show off their produce, have pie contents, biggest pig, biggest tomato, talent contest, etc...  This is a bunch of private creepy carnival companies coming to town and milking you for everything you're worth.The games are stupid.  They're designed for you to lose, but so you don't feel bad, if you pay enough, most will guarantee a stuffed toy.  I'm sorry, if I want a guaranteed stuffed animal, I'll go to the store and pay market value for it.  Then they have their tricky ticket system, $5 get you 10 tickets, $20 gets you 40. So there's no benefit to buying bulk.  Each game is 7-10 tickets, and it's usually for only one try.  So you're literally paying $5 to try to throw a single ball into a random basket.  But you feel better because it's tickets instead of money, so you do it. The photo booths don't work, but they refuse to put "out of order" signs on them.  So we spent 20 minutes on a bunch of different booths that didn't work before getting our money back and leaving.  The food is probably the worst part.  Not only is it ridiculous prices, but it's also not food any more.  Fried burritos, fried burgers, fried ANYTHING.  There are places where you can't take a breath without getting a lung-full of fried.  The only good part was the Ferris wheel
3	A cool October day, the Arizona State Fair and three of my fav gals in the world: Sister, SO and 14 YO Daughter.  Life does not get much better.Add to that the once a year Fair Food adventure and wow... carb and fat overload - I was in heaven.We started with the sky-ride from near the North Entrance to the middle of kiddie land.  Taking in the smells, the energy and sights of the fair was fun and one of the two rides we took all day.We went to the fair around lunch time because we WANTED fair food, so the next stop was the food fairway over by the exhibit halls.  On the way we found fresh squeezed lemon ade - and I mean fresh; the guy squeezed lemons into the cup, added filtered water amd sugar and poof - a delicious and refreshing drink.When we got to the food fairway,one of us went to get a corn-dog, another an Indian Taco and the third went to PiggyWiggly mound o' fries.  We sat in the shade of one of those monster umbrellas and shared the orders between us - yum... once a year kinda' yum ya'  know.A carbo-laden walk of the exhibits and then a Fried Twinkie - been seeing them, hearing about them - never had one until then.  The powdered sugar was not dusted on it, it was like a spoonful dropped on it.  Chocolate syrup to dip and OMG - decadent choco, sweet, fried goodness with a creamy melted filling.  So glad three of us shared it!Wandered down to the Hi-Miler roller coaster and we took turns so one of us could watch hats, bags and purses while the others rode.  After two rides each, we were feeling appropriately tossed around in a little metal car on rails.The sun was getting a little hot, so we went looking for cool air inthe Aggie exhibits where we discovered sheep (baaa...) and Mama's heloing kids with Llama in one of the show arenas - with chairs to rest a bit in.  I twitpic'd an image of the Mama's and Llama's, but Twitpic is not handling my images properly these days... working on it.  The rest of the time at the fair was devouring one of the specials we came across when I wanted a bag of popcorn and Sister wanted a caramel apple - we saw a three for $10 option that let us add cotton candy to the mix and then we were feeling complete on fair food in our adventure.No skeeball this year or water gun races to pop a balloon - just lots of food not on my diet, time with loved ones and meandering amongst the medium to light crowds of Sunday morning.
3	Not quite what I expected, but still a good time.The highlights:- Waterloo, an ABBA tribute band playing the night I was there, was amazing.  They did a great job and had the audience dancing in the aisles.  - The food was a festival of deep-fried, artery-hardening goodness that you can only find at fairs and some sports events.  - I tried my first ever funnel cake.  Yes, it was good- I purchased a corn dog from a vendor that was missing his front teeth and wanted a sip of my beer.  No, I did not give him one.The not-so-great:- $20 to park!?  I am not familiar with the area and probably could have done better on this one.- Where were the cows!? You cannot have a fair without COWS!  I saw a large building filled with llamas, but no cows.  Another building, that may have had them was closed.  :(Overall I am glad I went, but maybe should have gone during the day to be able to see more exhibits.  In the evening it is more like a really crowded and kind of dirty amusement park, but with drunk people.I will still go back next year...  :)
5	A GUIDE TO THE STATE FAIR FOR FUDDY DUDDIES AND CHEAPSKATES SUCH AS MYSELFFirst and foremost, the score for this event is based upon one thing: the fried pickles.  As a Southerner, the idea of frying a pickle is not so alien to me as to many of my more urban, east-coast elite friends, but the idea of dipping a big ol' honking spicy dill in cornbread batter and frying it on a stick?Where I come from, we bread and slice our pickles.  At the risk of never being able to go home again, I must say, the Arizona Method blew my mind.You have to try one.  Unless you hate fried food.  In which case, you probably hate life in general and won't enjoy the fair no matter what.PRICE/WHEN SHOULD I GO?First off, there are a ton of discount opportunities to get in.  Going early on a weekend, going to certain grocery stores, certain days, happy hours, etc. - $10 is not what you should pay unless you go on an absolute whim.  Same goes for tickets inside - you can usually find discounted tickets somehow with a little advanced planning.Second, even if you do end up paying ten bucks, you can assuage your wallet-guilt by going on the night of good music or other cultural fun times.  There are a bevy of performers/events to choose from.  For me, there's always at least one performer worth checking out for ten bucks.  This year,  Bob Dylan.  Past years, Weezer, Beck, Weird Al, random old school hip hop folks.  There's also demolition derbies (!!!), and roller-derby, and other stuff.PARKINGOctober and November in Arizona are beautiful!  Take advantage of the cool night weather, park down McDowell somewhere, and bring along a coke bottle with a little special whiskey inside.OTHER FAIR ISSUESAgain, check the schedule!  Some nights are more country-riffic, with cows and livestock and crops.  I really do think most people who were dissatisfied with their fair experience coulda had a better time if they did a little upfront work.
4	The family and I headed out to the fair on a Tuesday night in November.  This is not the home grown state fair you remember growing up.  While they may try to make it seem that way, this one is a corporate venture for sure.Thankfully, we went early enough that there really weren't alot of people and the kiddos could get their ride and games in before dark.Parking at the Fair grounds cost us $10 - which we gladly paid to not have to walk down McDowell after dark.  We had free tickets to get in, so that saved us $40+.Typical foods available - fried twinkies, mondo fries, Chinese food, pizza ... even scorpions.  No - we didn't try them, but hear they taste just like chicken :)We actually picked this particular night to go so we could see David Cook in concert.  Here's the great part of the Fair ... general seating is FREE with fair admission.  Sure - you can buy a reserved seat (for something like $15 - $20) to sit a little closer, but we chose the free seats.GREAT concert!  The opening band, The Script, were from Dublin, Ireland and did a good job.  This was their first opening for David Cook (and in America?) and their energy really showed their excitement.David Cook was awesome!  The best part - he sounded pretty much just like he does on his CD. He was joking around with the audience and having a great time performing.  Really enjoyed his singing and the overall performance.  I hope he has a really long career ahead of him. If you're planning a trip to the fair and would like to save some $$$, definitely read the other YELP reviews before going.  There's at least one or two for cheapskates that don't want to spend alot.  Will we go back to the Fair? probably.Will we go back for the concert series?  Absolutely!Suggestions?1) Check out their website for discount days.2) Unless you want to, don't pay full price (see above)3) Set a budget and stick to it.  4) Check out the concert series.5) Allow plenty of time to have fun.6) There is a free shuttle from somewhere to the fairgrounds ... it would be worth it to research this a little more & find out from where. I didn't have time or we probably would have done this too :)7) If you're on twitter - so are they. twitter.com/azstatefair8) Their website is www.azstatefair.comHave a good time!
3	I just got back from the fair a couple hours ago. We had a girls night and eh it was fun. My company was better than the fair. Tickets were only ten dollars. Since it was a wed. it was dolla rides and games night. First thing we did was get the party started was gab some beers...for a whopping 7.50 Large being like at the most 16oz, but I expected that. My lady friends got some bratwurst which were 8.50 and came with chips...I decided to stay away from babe. aww oink oink...I had a potbelly pig named Goose soooo yup. Anyways enough with my righteousness. I got the fried zucchini for 5.50.  I swear it was like 3 whole zucchinis it looked like and delicious. We ate while watching some hypnosis guy. Not so much a believer, but it was amusing. Some dude in a pink wig pretending to be pink...later followed by 5-50 year old folks get down to baby got back. My friends went on a couple rides, which I didn't partake in. I had a bad experience with a carnival ride...my harness came undone and I had to go 30 seconds dangling by a tiny seatbelt. Longest 30 seconds of my life, and scared shHhtless. Anyways after a while they convinced me to go on one and it was the freefall...I must admit FUNas soon as I was able to breath again. I don't get it amusement parks I'm all for higher, faster, flippy-er. Carnival rides not so much...didn't go on anymore. Wait I went on the smaller ferris wheel and no seat belts and no door just a rail with two big openings on the side for me to fall out of...and of course we're taking pictures and I'm the one who had to jump from one side to the other. I swear I'm not a baby...but I don't recommend doing that.We played the silly games that seem impossible to win. The staffs cool though. We rarely left empty handed and they gave us a couple free tries. I know the secret to throwing the ball in those buckets...the only disturbing thing was the guy working the booth kept telling me it was like making love...nice and easy with just a lil oomph. UHHHHH then he jumped over to show me how to throw it, guess I'm a little rough? He bumped into me and proceeded to dust off some imaginary dirt he got on my top. And all I got was a lousy bulldog...Best part of the night PHOTOBOOTHS...I love them! We squeezed are asses into the tiny booths and spent a good 30 dollars on memories that will last a lifetime. I'll be back next year...friends say I need to grow some balls though and go on the rides. We'll see.
3	This is why you're fat. You've got huge fairgrounds and plenty of walking to do inside the fair (work those legs), plenty of sprinting to get to your car safely at night in the sketch neighborhood (increases heart rate) and plenty of laughing at those less fashionable than the rest of us (work those abs!) and the ratio of places to buy overpriced, deep-fried, tasteless food dripping with grease vs. RIDES and ATTRACTIONS, what the fair was originally developed for (not to mention the animals and 4-H projects) is about 4:1. People... come on, now.
3	Being overpriced is all in good fun, right?I felt that the fair was alright. The entrance price was kind of annoying since you have to pay for food and attractions at the actual fair. But that's to be expected. The rides were fun, no doubt about it. Staff was courteous and friendly. Games surprisingly didn't scam you into losing, and I found myself winning more than I was losing, (rare, right?)Food is where they scam you. I mean they really, really scam you. All the food is outrageously expensive and jam-packed with empty calories. But I figure that's part of being at the fair. The fairgrounds were decent, and as to be expected, port-o-potty's were atrocious. Sounds like any state fair. Oh, but the fry bread is amazing.
1	Wow.  What can I say.  This experience was pretty bad.  First-- it's in a REALLY BAD neighborhood.  You can't feel safe at all, and this whole area needs 15 times the police that are walking around.Price:  Every time I turned around, someone wanted more money.  Sure, there were displays of canned fruit and Elementary school artwork that's free to see, but anything else, and the carnies want more money.  It would be a different thing, if they were cheap games with even cheaper prices, but they're not.  These are cheap games with spendy prices.  It's a groady, dirty, filthy place full of dirty, filthy workers that want me to hand over endless cash for their house-favored games.I'm proud to be an Arizona-born native, although I'm stunned that our politicians continue to declare that this annual event is a BENEFIT to the pride of the State of Arizona.  Did I mention that they want money the INSTANT you park your car?  They also WANT money when you go in, they WANT money for ride tickets, and they WANT money for food---  am I leaving something out?  I would expect that they will start charging to use the CLEAN bathrooms that haven't been installed yet.Please avoid this place, save your money, and don't feel like you're missing anything.P.S.  If you're going to a concert--- they will let you see it, once you've paid to get inside the park.  It will be in the coliseum where the seats were designed for 12-year-old girls.  Please don't expect that the seating was designed for actual, American men like John Wayne, who I heard was 6'4".  He would've never fit.  I'm also convinced that they won't spend the effort to correct this horrendously un-american flaw, and yet they will continue to expect your endless supply of $$$ money $$$.  Enjoy!
1	The first time we went to the fair *cough* glorified carnival *cough* was three years ago.  I felt like I was in the Twilight Zone.  We went for one of the free concerts but left early due to the amount of marijuana smoke in the section of the coliseum we were in, me being pregnant at the time.  We swore off the state fair and had not returned.  Sadly we promised our toddler a ride on the ferris wheel when the state fair came this year.  We figured we'd go fairly early and leave before dark. Some of the workers look like they are on a prison work-release program...we won't even discuss the general crowd that attends.   The food to us was subpar: "Super" nachos for $7 that consisted of the kind of chips you can buy in the store, covered with cheese and hamburger meat; everything else including sour cream, peppers, tomatoes, etc were at least a buck extra. All of the restrooms we used had no soap at all.  Interestingly, we went on opening day, and the blocks and mats in Toddler Town were filthy.  The fair had only been open for 4 hrs so I know the dirt was not from just that little time.  Lame animal exhibits, a "farm tour" that has just a few animals but dozens of rabbits for sale.  More profanity from the mouths of kids (some who looked all of 10 years old) everywhere we walked, than I hear in a month.  On the way out, a herd of tweens-teens ran through the crowd, chasing after some other kids, while screaming profanities.  We definitely will NOT be back.  We found a fair this summer in CA that was just awesome: clean, safe, and the best "fair-type" food we have ever had.    We'll plan to go there next summer.  I'm sad that this fair is supposed to represent the state of Arizona.
4	Uhhhh... Fair food.... I'm sleepy.I went down to the state fair today to walk around, check out the attractions and eat the food. I've been to fairs and carnivals before and I thought I knew what to expect, but I definitely found myself surprised a couple times. Sweet potato corn dogs? Deep-fried everything? My girlfriend and I made the decision to share whatever we got and boy was it a good idea. Here's what we had:Deep-fried bacon - Meh, in the flavor department...Cowboy fries with gravy - Made me think of Canada!Turkey leg - Get one!Deep-fried banana split - Delicious!If you try nothing else that's not-so-good-for-you, make sure you try the banana split. My goodness was it good! If you've ever had Puerto Rican desserts with deep-fried bananas, imagine that with ice cream and sundae toppings! Mmm! DISCLAIMER! - For all of you reading this and thinking about how disgusting all that sounds, do yourself a favor and remember that it's a fair and it's all in good fun.Overall the fair was a good time. The ride wristband is a must if you want to ride anything at all. Oh, and it's definitely worth it to take a few minutes to look on the website before going. There are a lot of different deals.
2	I've been here twice, which was obviously enough. The first time was in 2002, before I was old enough to drink legally. It became obvious to me then that state fairs are only fun for people over 21 or under 12.In 2008, I came with some friends who bought a $6 hamburger at one of the tents, took one bite, and threw it in the trash. One of them remarked later that it was the only time in his life he'd spit food out in disgust. While this was happening, another friend and I asked a toothless Vietnam veteran manning another tent where we could find the nearest restroom. His reaction suggested that we were insane for asking such a ridiculous question; we surmised that perhaps, due to some bizarre war injury, he had not taken a piss since 1973. Bottom line, customer service is not high on the priority list at the state fair. Nor is edible food.
5	we LOVE the fair. it's one of the most fun things to do ever in Arizona. lets count the ways we love thee.....deep fried peanut butter and jelly x2, deep fried smores, deep fried peach, deep fried twinkie, deep fried cookie dough, chocolate covered cheesecake, fresh squeezed lemonade, Dole frozen yogurt x2, giant texas donut, pizza slice, candy apple. holy cow, my diahbetus is gone crazy again.the people are amazing...or should i say the people watching are amazing. shrivled up 45 year old grandmas wearing hoochie mama clothes, mullet wearing obese men wearing stained tank tops, pimped out gold wearing 15 year old gangstas pushing baby momma strollers...it's so much fun! and on sundays between 10-12am, get in free!the lines for rides were ridiculous so we only did the easy ones...giant slide, ferris wheel, bumber cars. actually just afraid we'd barf all that fried goodness up on the more intense rides. and all the livestock...there's something about that farm smell that brings back old memories in the backwoods farm of Georgia (no animal jokes, please). sure, it's dirty and grimy and gaudy, but that's what makes it so fun. if you want a traditional fair, i guess you have to go up to vermont or maine where it's all cookie cutter and snowy white, but whatever. go to the fair! eat unhealthy. spend 10 dollars at a win-less game for a stuffed animal that cost 10cents to make. then, run everyday for 2 weeks and eat nothing but lettuce!
4	Happy Hour plus a free concert, think the AZ State Fair.  If you go on Fridays before 6PM, they offer $1 food item(s) per a booth, $1 per game, and $1 ride.  Not a bad deal!   They have $5.00 parking if you park at 18th Ave and Encanto at the golf course parking lot.  Admission was 1/2 off.  The best $1.00 deal was the Indian fried bread with powder sugar for me.  If you do go on a Friday, I suggest start from the food row near the McDowell Rd. & 19th Ave entrance.  They have better discounted food items and cheaper drinks.  To finish off with the night, I got to watch Colbie Caillat for free with great seats.  I might need go back to try their fried butter.  Anyone tried that yet?
3	Oh, the good old Arizona State Fair!  How many years of great memories you have provided me with.  Hell, when I was a lot younger, I saw one of Nirvana's last concerts at the fair.  Only paid 3 bucks for it.Things have changed since then, especially pricing, but being an Arizona Native, I look forward to this every year.The highlights I always look for deal mostly with the people watching:-The gorgeous NASCAR mullets present.  Saw my first Winger style mullet within 5 minutes of entry.-The lack of dental hygiene.-Getting my feet run over several times by strollers from people looking at everything except where they are walking.  Last I checked I wasn't invisible.-The extremely liberal use of the "F" and "N" word.  It was like I was listening to the movie "American History X"  Last I checked, saying "Damn bitch, what up, ho?" isn't the greatest pick up line.  Bring your young sons down so they can learn how to run game.Now, this year I went on opening day.  1 dollar entry fee.  Of course I got hosed for parking, but that is to be expected.  The lighting is terrible in the parking lot but all the broken glass in the parking lot illuminates off the parking lights to help you find your way.The food here always rates a high score from me.  Of course, this is without a doubt the worst food you can be eating (there is actually a stand or two that sell deep fried twinkies) but who can say no to Indian fry bread?Free concerts most nights (of course, not on the night I was there) but did get to see figure 8 racing.  A bunch of people crashing cars into each other just screams America.  And where else can you spend 30 dollars winning a 40 cent stuffed teenage mutant ninja turtle?The petting zoo sports a decent amount of animals you can pet and take your picture with.  I pet a goat and a wallaby.  The goat looked at me.  I was happy.  The pens seemed relatively free of vast amounts of goat shit.  That is a plus.  You can also buy some food and hand feed them too.This year, while enjoying a ride on the people mover (I forget the actual name of it, but it is the ride that is what you find at a ski resort that takes you to the top of the hill) and my friend pointed out a gang fight below us.  How fortunate of us to get a birds eye view of the violence.Before leaving, I want more fair food.  Walking back to get a slice of pizza, much to our fortune guess what we get front row seats to?  Could it be, why YES!  Another gang fight!  Awesome!  Round two, FIGHT!  Snapped a picture of that one.After the cops broke this one up, an older gentleman viewing the previously mentioned violence, looks at me and says "I think it is time to get the fuck out of here."  I concur and made my way towards the exit.
3	It's been about 10 years since I last stepped foot on the "Madhouse on McDowell."  Ahhh those were the days..  I'm talking about the Arizona State Fair.  The place where families from all walks of life come together and join hands to eat tons of fried goodness, play impossibly to win games, and enjoy rides that only a carnie could love.This year was no different.. well actually, there was some things.  I met up with my girlfriends sister who was taking her kids along with my girlfriends kids to the fair this year.  I thought it might be cool to join them since I was leaving work early.First thing I notice is the lame "CASH ONLY" parking for $10... It's 2010.. you'd think the booths might take debit cards by now, right?  Wrong.  I had to flip around, go to Circle K and get cash out.  I finally get there and ahhhh there it is.. the smell of filth, food and family fun.  Since I have some time to kill before the kids show up, I decide to walk down the restaurant row, if you will, to see what fried goodies they have to offer.  "Fried Butter" read one sign... I tell ya, it was so tempting to just see what the hype was, but I know Id hear about it if I did partake.  So I kept on.  I hadn't eaten lunch yet, so I was pretty hungry.  I saw the sign "Giant Corn Dog"  enough said..  I had one.One of my favorite things to do at the fair is people watch; and with the huge mix of types, you could literally spend all day there.  AFter wolfing down my corn dog, I sat by the first stage to listen to some elementary school kids play band and sing.  I could tell that most of them wanted didn't want to be there.. it tends to show through their playing.   My family shows up and we hit the strip and rides..  My girlfriend told me "Go to the fair with kids and you'll have a totally different experience."  I've always been one of those people who have bashed the fair for being so ghetto (which it 100% is) and dirty (which it is...) and would just have a hay day ripping on various things.  But ya know what? She was right.   The joy you get on kids faces when they get off that ride, eating ice cream, running around.. is just priceless.  It made my fair experience this year, all that better.  That's where I gave it three stars.  They alone, made the fair great for me this year.  One more thing on the food.. I realllly wanted a giant turkey leg, but paying $9.25 for one, I just couldn't see that.  Tips:* Bring money... everything is cash.  Occasionally a food vendor will take visa/mc though.* Walking shoes.. if you dont have them, good luck to your feet.* If you are meeting people, make sure you are parking together.  I parked on the opposite side of the people I was with.* Be prepared to spend a couple hundred dollars.* Check for ways to get in free.. I heard if you brought chapstick in, you got a discount. (depending on the day).* Eat at your own risk..  enough said.
4	After years of going to the Orange County Fair and Los Angeles County Fair for years. I thought there weren't going to be any fair much better. This year was our first visit at the Arizona Sate Fair! And it was very enjoyable. My Mother in law and Sister in law were both in town from Cali to visit. So we all decided to stop by here. Now of course I had to eat the scorpion, and ended up eating a wagon wheel, BBQ beef sandwich, chili cheese curly fries(w/daughter!!), Navajo taco(w/wife),took a bite of corn dog from my daughters hand! There were some killer rides out there. (I have been at Magic Mountain tons of times, and none of their rides intimidated me at all. When it comes down to it, we had a great time! I expected exactly this! This is not going to be Disneyland, Knotts Berry Farm, or Six Flags Magic Mountain. This is a State Fair!
4	Got back from the State Fair earlier tonight.  Ugh, food coma.  I had deep-fried everything: oreo's, cheese curds, funnel cakes, corn dogs... and a grilled corn that was drenched in butter.  It was all delicious and since I split everything with 2 other friends... I'm not feeling sick. hahaBTW, it wasn't ghetto.  Everyone said it's have crazy gang people but, I didn't see any of that and we stayed until just before close.  I never felt uncomfortable.  I did miss the local exhibits, animals and farm stuff that I'm used to from other state fairs.  The kids display and cakes in the stadium building is cool though.  I'd definitely go back.See ya there!
4	I'll have to admit that my experience of the state fair is a lot different from most. Some coworkers and I were able to get free parking and passes to the fair. We also work early hours, so we went in the afternoon on Friday during "happy hour." A lot of rides and games were discounted during that time. I was there for about three hours, and only spent about 10 dollars! For us, it was a wonderful way to waste a couple of hours.  I know it's not realistic for most families, but if you're able to go on a weekday afternoon while things are cheap, it's a whole lot of fun. There's plenty of fun little rides, all of which threw off my equilibrium. The games are the usual assortment of carnival stuff. Try to do something that's usually harder than it looks to win a stuffed animal that probably isn't worth what you pay to try to win it. I won a stuffed monkey on one of them!There's also some great people watching.  I don't know what it is about events like the state fair, but you seem to get an amazing assortment of every kind of person that Arizona has to offer.
4	My husband and I went to the fair on Saturday 11/6 and had a nice evening.  We parked for free at the State Capitol and took the free shuttle to the fair grounds and got there at about 5pm at which point admission was BOGO so we both entered for $10.  We did a little walking around and decided to have dinner.  I had a teriyaki chicken bowl - not so great - and he had a BBQ sandwich with coleslaw which was pretty good.  The food was fairly pricey but I guess that is to be expected.  We then went to the Megadeth concert in the Coliseum for free and had pretty good seats.  With the exception of smelling some marijuana and bad breath occasionally the concert was fun.  After the concert we walked around a little more and then decided to take trip on the Sky Ride which was nice.  We then decided to try some of the fried foods - smart or not - my husband tried the deep fried butter (cinnamon) and I tried the deep fried cheesecake.  I didn't try the butter myself but I can say the cheesecake would be much better without having been fried.  All in all we had a fun evening without spending much for admission and spending nothing for the concert.  We didn't feel unsafe at all and everywhere we looked there were police.  I would definitely feel safe going to the fair again but I will keep in mind the warnings about the opening day deals and the tendancy of gangs to show up heavily on that day.
3	Ehhhh....I was REALLY excited to go to the fair this year.  I hadn't been in years, and the idea of the rides, the food, and the atmosphere all over again was appealing.  The entrance was one really long swap meet. The rides probably would have been fun, but the lines were SO long that we ended up only going on the ferris wheel and calling it a day.  I was DYING for some bean and cheese indian fry bread, which I got, and was completely disappointed.   Bland flavor, and expensive!  We walked around the expo section, but realized that it was actually about 7 different exhibits that all had at least 4 seperate booths, so although it looked massive, we had pretty much seen everything after 10 minutes.  The livestock area was ok....but (obviously) stinky.  My friend DID win a giant stuffed animal, which was cool.  AND, the absolute highlight of the whole event was the last 5 minutes as we were walking towards the exit, and I paid $8 to hold a MONKEY!!! That alone deserves about 20 stars....but overall, I will leave the AZ State Fair with 3.  Better luck next year....
2	Went on the final Friday, afternoon.  Only paid $5 to get in, half-price until 6; I thought that was fair (pardon the pun).  Found free parking along 17th Dr. about a block away after driving around for 15 minutes; I refuse to pay to park if I don't need to.  I wanted to go into the arena, where the Suns used to play to see inside, and I did sort of; the concourses were open but the doors to the main arena were locked.  It is only open during events and I didn't stick around for night's rap concert.  There were $1 food from noon-6 but only certain items and only small portions, again refuse to pay $7-8 for Italian sausage.  One booth had a chicken sandwich or something like that for $9.50 and you could make it a "package" of fries and drink for an extra $5. Really?  I did find a stand that sold good-sized corn dogs for a $1 and got 2.. very good.  Another stand had miniature corn dogs for a $1 during the day.  Not too crowded, but got more so later in the day.  About half the size of the Indiana state fair grounds and both are in very questionable parts of town, especially at night.  Not near as many animals (types, numbers) as in Indy (no horses, sheeps), but lots of goats.  Beer is sold at the AZ fair but not in Indy during fair.  This is a been there, done that, cross off bucket list, etc. type of deal.
3	When it's in town, the Arizona State Fair holds many attractions within its gates; food, music, animals, and most importantly of all, rides. The first thing I noticed on the drive into the fairgrounds is the fifteen story high Ferris wheel. It is gleaming in the surrounding dark, sticking out like a diamond in the rough. The other rides surround it, sparkling and full of movement. When I first saw the Ferris wheel,  I was certain I wouldn't be riding it. No way would I voluntarily go up that high into the air. Was there even oxygen up there?  The rest of the rides looked relatively close to the ground and safe. Lines snaked out from their entrances, full of people with their kids, eager to get those few seconds of thrill. My date and I decided to purchase unlimited ride wristbands, which were a little pricey, but cheaper then buying tickets. One of the first rides we picked was a typical log ride, because of the short line. It sat at the feet of that too-high Ferris wheel. The ride was quick, with lots of speed and followed through with it's guarantee to get you soaked.  The next ride I wanted to experience was something that is usually called "The Scrambler", but it was nowhere to be found. Instead, we settled for the tilt-a-whirl. It was nothing special, gave you exactly what you expected. In fact, most of the rides weren't very surprising. Almost all of the rides I had seen before at one fair or another. You'd expect to see something new by now. We rode ride after ride, and by then, I decided I was ready to get on the Ferris Wheel.  The line was unusually short. Of course, as soon as we took our place, the line quickly grew longer.  After waiting  twenty minutes for the group before us to finish, we finally entered our gondola. As we rose into the air, you could at first see the entire fairgrounds, and then you could see all of Phoenix. Lights and buildings went on forever, stretching out into the expanse of the desert. I no longer feared the height; the view captured all of my attention.  The Ferris Wheel was the last ride we rode and was probably the best part of the fair. Looking back, the fair fell short of many of my expectations. It seemed somewhat outdated and dirty for a state fair. Some of the rides I expected to find were nonexistent, and the rides we did find were nothing new. Overall, it was a fun experience, but probably not an event I would recommend spending lots of money at.
3	Went for the Maricopa County Home and Garden Show... a good place for that.But if you expect to save money with these vendors, you are going to be sadly disappointed.
3	My boyfriend and I have gone to the fair every year since we started dating years ago. Now we have two kids & we enjoy taking them as well. There is so much to do and every year its something different. Tonight was our 1st trip this year & it was a great time. Our oldest son is at the age where he really enjoys the rides & games. They always have a petting zoo that's free unless you want to buy food to feed them. We love going through the buildings looking at all the neat stuff the vendors have and getting some yummy fudge & beef jerky. My boyfriend loves the BBQ pulled pork or smoked turkey legs & the cups of corn. I am always looking forward to Indian fry bread, maybe because I've always gotten it at the fair! We bring a cooler bag of snacks & goodies for the kids when we bring them just because the food & drinks can add up real quick. Some people complain about the fair grounds being ghetto, it's the state fair grounds, what do you expect? It's south Phoenix, not Scottsdale! All in all, its a great time if you try to have one! Can't wait to go back without the kids!
3	I have to say I was slightly surprised when I went to the State Fair this year. Now I wouldn't go as far as saying I was impressed and it's a must for families or friends. My sister and I won free tickets to the fair and reserved seats for The Band Perry Concert off the radio and thought that was a good enough excuse to head that way. We got their around 5:30pm and it was relatively easy to find a somewhat secure parking spot (for $10). We went on a Wednesday so I imagine it wasn't as crowded as a weekend tournament, but this day happened to be a day where you could get in free if you bought three canned food items to donate to St. Mary's Food Bank. Good way to save on admission. I think I would be a little irked if I had to pay $10.00 to get in on top of cost for game/ride tickets and food and everything else. The other nice thing about going on a Wednesday is most of the games and rides are half the # of tickets or 4 tickets per game/ride (not all of them but the majority). Lines were short and you didn't have to wait much for anything. They sell some pretty strange fair food - I mean I can't even imagine eating fried butter, but I did have a fried Reese's Peanut Butter Cup which was pretty good. We went around 7:00 into the Veteran's Memorial Coliseum and it was easy to enter and pretty full once we got inside. We got moved to seats closer than our original section. This is a one time adventure for me and I am glad we went but the fact that it was pretty much free is what made it appealing.
5	yup, it's that time of year again. when you can gorge on crap food, throw it up on a head spinning ride, sit and watch the most odd people, try to win a 50cent toy for 12 dollars, and then do it all over again!THE FAIR!!!!! i love the fair. we held back a little on the fried foods this year...only a deep fried moon pie, deep fried pudding, a pizza, deep fried peanut butter, a giant sno cone, a regular ice cream cone, and about 3 pounds of giant onion rings. oh, my belly was rebellin....we found the 5 dollar lot at the corner of encanto and 19th av and fair admission was free from 10-12am. then we bought an 30 dollar all you can ride wrist band and it paid for itself after 3 rides. we didn't play any games this year, but we did indulge in food and paid for it after one of the super spinning rides. it was hot as usual, but there are so many cool people to look at (including us i hope). there are tons of kids so if you are kid averse, stay away. we watched a breakdancing show which was actually pretty good. a large family will spend alot of money here. i saw numerous people sneaking in food and drink, which i would've done had i thought of it. but in any case, nothing is too good for my lady....including a trip to the 2011 AZ state fair. p.s....there are other things to do....there's the AZ History museum, the produce/flowers/quilts/painting judging areas, the agriculture part, so it's not just about the rides and stuff....or maybe it is!
4	The state fair was pretty cool. I love how many rides they have, and how many things they have to entertain you. Oh and all the food. I absolutely love carnival food so the AZ state fair was like heaven to me. I love how you can see all the animals and even pet most of them, but I hate seeing them in cages. There were so many cows, goats, sheep, pigs, chickens, turkeys, etc. They were all so cute and almost convinced me never to eat meat again. I was later offered a tukey leg and I couldn't say no to that. The turkey legs at the state fair are HUGE and delicious. I also ate the churros, candied pecans, and fry bread. However there were some pretty interesting things there such as fried reece's and fried twinkies.
5	I'm a native, I've lived in this beautiful state 35 years. I don't think a year has gone by when I have not attended the fair.  This year was no exception. I ate a turkey drum, deep fried twinkie, corn dog, grilled corn, caramel apple and a kebab (it was a long day).I rode so many rides I almost puked. I can't remember the names of them, but they have a recently new one and it spins you  while circling you high in the air. I got nauseas and it was fantastic. I saw carnies with feathered hair and missing teeth. I saw gangbangers smoking who knows what. I saw a really trashy, heavy lady being pulled around in a  red rider wagon by an equally trashy and heavy man. Did I mention she only had one shoe on?I saw goats and chickens and pigs and they had a Bodyworks exhibit this year.My boyfriend bought me a koala bear hat and his son a toy gun.  We spent over 200 bucks and went home with sunburns and sickness. I love the fair!
3	As the high Arizona summer temps started their descent, and cooler weather began to emerge, the setting became ideal for the annual Arizona State Fair. I had not attended the fair since I was a small child, and had since spent the subsequent decades experiencing the Puyallup and other northwest fairs. The Arizona State Fair has certainly grown since I was a child and musical entertainment offered quite a variety of name acts ranging from Snoop Dogg to Billy Idol. Of course there were countless other local entertainers available throughout the run of the fair. The midway offered plenty of popular rides including some very interesting water rides and roller coasters. Guests looking not to bust the bank may want to take advantage of the ride passes available during the week which allow guests to take in unlimited rides for a set fee which is much cheaper than paying for each ride individually, as after 4-5 rides the pass pays for itself. Numerous food vendors adorn the midway offering a nostalgic bouquet of aromas to tantalize the senses. Everything from the traditional hot dogs and burgers to turkey legs, Mexican food, and the amazing Navajo tacos were available. But there was also an offering of many public service booths as well as interesting sideshow attraction that harken back to the best midway freak shows. There was no shortage of vendors throughout the fair, although it did take a bit of adjustment for me as I had become so accustomed to the vendors in the Northwest. It seemed odd not to be inundated with saunas, hot tubs, and fireplaces available at special fair pricing. While at first some of the vendors seemed to be offering items typically found at a swap meet, sticking it out we were able to find a very nice mix of items available. Of course it wouldn't be a fair without livestock and we certainly enjoyed the great array of animals that were available for viewing in the livestock barns as well as the numerous agricultural exhibits. My wife, a new transplant to Arizona, was particularly delighted by the There was also an exhibit available for an additional cost of which allows guests to get an up close look at the marvels of the human body. When the sun went down, the fair kicked into high gear as the lights on the midway certainly added a more festive dimension to the fair. The Arizona State Fair was a great trip down memory lane, a chance to experience the old and new and a fun event that truly offers something for the entire family.
3	I came hear for a home improvement event recently and it was ok.  The promoters did a good job putting together the event.  There was a nice selection of vendors which my wife and I appreciated.  I thought the food was expensive for the quality.  I don't mind paying $5 for a taco as long as it is yummy.  The parking, while ample, is also pricy.  This was not a concert or a special event; it's a home show and I thought $7 was a bit steep.  I think this reflects more on the promoters than the facility.  I can't complain about having great A/C inside and staying cool while walking around.
2	One word sums up this place perfectly... DUMP! When the heck is this place going to be demolished and rebuilt? I come here several times throughout the year for various events but no matter what event I go to it feels like a post-zombie apocalypse survivor camp. There's cracks all throughout the pavement, the AC sucks in most of the buildings, the bathrooms are hella cramped and downright inexcusable. The tables in the food court area are old and sticky and there isn't nearly enough shade. The grounds crew does a pretty good job of picking up trash but no matter how much they pick-up this place just needs some serious re-vamping. I'm not sure who actually funds and maintains this place but as a state we can do better than this.
2	OVER PRICED!!!!  yea everything is. we've been going the past few years and the prices for food, games, rides has gone up every year. The only thing that hasnt gone up in price is parking and admission. And sadly enough none of the rides or food have really gotten better for the crazy over pricing to make sense.Def going to skip the fair next year. Now if you do decide to go i suggest going before 1pm for the free entry and buy the $30 unlimited ride wristband for it to make it somewhat sensable.
5	I can't believe people can find shit to bitch about at the fair.  Carnies, questionable food, questionable rides for that matter, animals, all of those neat projects that people submit for prizes, demolition derby, B rate concerts, the list goes on of all of the cool stuff you can see at the fair.  A lot of people would like to see the fair grounds demolished and probably built up into some beige stucco bullshit - to those people I say bite your tongue!  The  Arizona Veterans Memorial Coliseum may look ugly as shit to you but it hold many great memories for this old broad.  I guess if you have a stick up your ass, the State Fair isn't the place for you.  But if you don't mind getting a little dirty and like to act like a kid, this place can be a lot of fun!
3	I haven't been to the fair in years, and I figured it was time to head back down to the fairgrounds once again to have a bit of fun while its still here.  The first time I went, I remember it clear as day, and had a blast with some friends on a Saturday afternoon.Now, I came back, and its as fun as I remember it to be.  Rides galore, with tons of things to see and do.  What I like about the fair is the following:A) you don't have to like rides to have a good time here. There's plenty to see, do and eat to keep you entertained for quite a few hours.  B) tons of food! Cotton candy, turkey legs, hot dogs and tons more to eat.  Trust me, you won't go hungry! Be careful tho, some of the food is expensive, so try to spread yourself out when eating here.C) free shows and things to do.  We saw a really cool drum circle with Native American dancers on a stage in the back.  Also went through a verizon NFL booth that had all kinds of entertainment inside related to football.D) My favorite thing of all time-THE ANIMALS!!  We saw so many sheep that were absolutely adorable I wanted to take them home with me.  They have cows, Llamas, chickens, birds, pigs, goats, the whole 9 yards.  This is worth the price of admission alone.  They also have competitions amongst the animals and thats fun to watch as well.E) Every year they have concerts here, some free some not.  There was a horse show going on in the arena when we arrived, but I do know that Korn was playing in the colliseum that night for a few extra dollars.   I know snoop dogg used to perform here too, but the concerts are fun if someone you like should come into town.The downside to the fair is that it can be expensive as all get out.  Last I checked, it was like $20 for 24 tickets, and that gets you 2, maybe 3 rides.  I wanted to ride the Ferris Wheel SO BAD, but the price for tickets was outrageous! it would have cost to much to go on the ride for a few minutes, so I passed.  :-( I only cried for like 2 minutes over it, but I cried into my bag of cotton candy, so I didn't feel so bad when I was done. Overall, not bad, just eat before you go so you don't put yourself in the poor house when going here. No, I'm not being cheap, but I just paid $7 for a bag of cotton candy, and almost paid $25 to ride the ferris wheel one time, so if thats okay with you, then go ahead. LOL
4	The options for discounts at the fair are endless. I took advantage of Foodie Fridays, which is half-price admission and also $2 food and drink items and also $2 rides I believe. If your looking to save money and sample lots of stuff, this is the way to go. Each vendor (about 100) has three items for $2 each, some are half-size portions, but most are full size. The list is endless and its tough to find everything on the map, but if you walk around each vendor has alist posted. There si one Friday left. I ended up with glazed pecans, hot cinnamon rol, roasted corn, lemonade, pineapple whip cone and Indian fry bread with beans and cheese. Total was $12 and only $5 for discounted pparking. The monkeys were cool to see for a $1 extra and giant mechanical bugs in the coliseum are strange looking too. This was strictly a daytime visit as Foodie Friday runs from 12-6, but its a great idea. Deep Fried Butter and Deep Fried Bubblegum were strange as was deep fried fruity pebbles.
3	I'd never been to a state fair in my life (street fairs in NYC yes), so I was pleasantly surprised at the good time I had.  My favorite thing was the Our Bodies exhibit.  I spent quit a bit of time there.  There were so many food options here, but definitely not for the health conscious, lol! I had a fried oreo that was delicious and some fried velvet cake that was gluttonous!  Also indulged in some fried artichoke that was WAY to greasy; hey it was for the experience.  So many things to do here and so many people.  Stop by the Caribbean Village for some amazing incense!
5	wholeheartedly agree with Monique!!!! everyone knows what the fair entails and for those of you whom find the AZ fair amazing....i salute you!we like to take advantage of the free concerts. although i'm not a Korn fan, my wife is, so we decided to go last evening. after 2pm, we had to pay the standard 10 buck fair admission. i have to admit, any live music is pretty good, and the band did not disappoint. the show and energy were both lively and fun.as said before, the fair "is what it is". there were 4 of us, and between us, we had 2 batches of deep fried oreos, deep fried snickers, and giant texas donut, a giant texas donut covered in maple syrup and bacon, an m&m covered carmel apple, a pineapple whip, deep fried pop tart, deep fried potato chips, and an enormous block of curly fries with cheese. as soon as i finish writing this, i'm going on a 9 hour mountain bike ride...uphill....with a head of lettuce as my snack food.the crowd is always amazing, with loads of FUPA's and DUNLAP disorders, throat tattoos, mullets, booty shorts, etc....the rides (we didn't do any this year), the games (we actually won 4/4 games we played this year), and the livestock pavillions, even an insect show....all so much fun! relax thy sphincter (except on the rides after eating a gigantic bacon wrapped turkey leg) and enjoy the enigma of the AZ state Fair!
3	I really just come to the fair if there is a concert I want to see. It is fun to walk around and see all the sights. I did like that if you got in before 6pm it was half price. More money to spend on goodies. The piggly wiggly currly cheese fries are good. Loved the kettle corn and fry bread. But you can't beat the really cheap concerts and usually every year there is one person that you are like eh 20 bucks is worth it to see them!
5	I agree with a couple of earlier reviews... This is the AZ State Fair, this ain't Paradise Valley.  What a ton of fun!! We went twice this year!! I haven't been to a fair in years, and this is my first one in AZ.  We went once on a regular Friday night, then went back to catch Nas in concert.  Both times it was a lot of fun.  Plenty of games, rides, things to do etc.  We went zip lining!! Glad I didn't drop my flip flops on the people dining on some of the finest turkey legs in all of AZ.  I'm a huge animal lover so I hate the animal attractions but just look past it and have a good time.
2	Reviewing the State Fair is difficult because there are so many different contributors to the overall experience. I will just lump everything into a single category for the sake of being simple. Parking in the fair lot is expensive, between 15-20 bucks. I recommend finding an off lot that looks safe, they usually charge between 5-15 bucks for this, or you can park at the capitol and take the free shuttle. Admission is ten bucks, but they have specials all the time. The puffin and I went on Wednesday and got in for free with three cans of food each. Good deal! Tickets for rides are always really expensive. I've never paid full price for this sort of thing. On certain days they offer $2 rides and games, and other days they have an all day ride pass. Take advantage of these deals if you want to ride anything. Be advised, all the thrill rides feel really, really sketchy! If you get anxious or nervous take caution, otherwise enjoy cheating death.The food is where I based the majority of this two star rating. I am a huge fan of fair food in theory. What's not to like about big onion rings, fry bread tacos, ice cream, and all that good shit? Turns out there's a lot not to like. I can't recall a fair item I've ever eaten that is memorable or particularly delicious. Everything there tastes like shit, and if you factor in the price you paid, it makes it even more unappetizing. For example, I went to Piggly Wiggly's and got a 1/2 lb hamburger with big onion rings and a large lemonade. This was $27. $27 for a glorified value meal!! What the fuck is wrong with me, and with the vendors for charging this much? At least offer some sort of price break or value meal, christ. I felt like a real turd sandwich wasting that much on crappy ass pig slop. The burger was not freshly made but sitting in a pile of old looking meat on a grill. The onion rings were cold and the onions themselves were cut paper thin. The boo got a fry bread taco with red chile and she hardly touched it. I tried it and thought it was bland and small, and that cost $9.50! Jesus, if you're gonna charge that much, make the portions bigger and make the food taste good!I don't enjoy the thought of fried dog shit, so I skipped all the nasty deep fried snacks. Eating something like that is like going to a jack shack in a seedy neighborhood.  Every year they come up with some other perverted creation, this year it was deep fried pop tarts, I think. The ice cream all tastes like the shit you get at a crappy all you can eat asian buffet. It's grainy, it's watered down, and it tastes like ass. Aside from the nasty food, there are other cool things to see and do. There is a free petting zoo that is awesome, and all the animal displays are awesome. I just can't stand the lousy food, and I'm no food snob. I always hear about these awesome new items they have and can never find them. This year they were supposed to have poutin, which is fries with cheese curds and gravy. I couldn't find that stand anywhere, all I could find was the stand with the Viking Balls. Yeah, that sounds appetizing, give me frozen meatballs fried on a stick, big fucking woop. I'll review again next year and see how it fares. As far as I'm concerned we will always go to the fair, but it doesn't deserve a high rating for the lousy quality of their food.
3	This was my first time at the AZ fair and I have to say I was surprised at how big it was. Maybe because my only other fair experiences are small county fairs? We came on a Wed evening and there wasn't as many people as I would imagine being there on the weekend. We first walked around to see what was there and look at the exhibits. Adam Lambert was playing that night so we stopped in for a bit. We rode a ride (super $$, go on a discount day if you can help it). My only take away, you must try the red velvet funnel cake. My mouth waters just thinking about it.
4	gotta get - indian fry bread, turkey legs and bbq sandwich
4	My husband hates the Fair because his mom hated(s) the Fair. He's gone with me and the boys for the past 10 years because I've always wanted to go. I like the atmosphere, that it only comes three weeks a year...and I love the idea of traditions. Plus, the kids LOVE THE RIDES and I loved rides when I was their age so I enjoy seeing the smiles on their faces.This year I suggested a different plan:Mom will take the kids.We'll go on a day that's NOT a Saturday and NOT a wristband day. I'll be prepared to spend $75 a kid on rides (I spend more than that at Disneyland). We'll eat before we leave the house so that we only buy drinks and a snack ($20 limit). We will enjoy the FREE exhibits as much as possible, although admittedly my kids are not into animals--or the smell; oh well). We will go when Fair Admission is $1 or less and we'll park in the $5 lot.That day was yesterday: Opening Day. Great weather. No bitching about prices (I set a budget, remember?). No lines (we got there at 1pm and left at 5:30pm). Had shady places to sit. We found bathrooms and ticket booths with no waiting. The kids were happy.I was happy. We ate something deep-fried.We made a memory. Me and my boys.
5	I love going to the fair and getting all of the different foods and deep fried stuff every October. Also the exhibits are pretty interesting with the art under the coliseum, and this year there is the Star Trek exhibit so if you haven't been to the fair yet you should really go!
3	The fair is awesome! The food is great, my kid LOVED the animals and petting zoo, I love the rides and games. BUT..... The people that go to the fair SUCK! Rude, trashy, dirty, filthy, rude, pieces of sh*t. I tell myself every year that the fair is not worth it....I always disregard my own advice and go. Like I said, I love the fair...maybe move to a different venue??? I'm not going back....yes I am.
3	I've been to the state fair several times throughout the years and I'm never dissapointed. Yes the prices of food our usually outrageous and the crowds can been a little too much to deal with but all in all the Arizona state fair is a good time. The grounds themselves could be maintained a little better and the people they hire for carneys... Well never mind... What can I expect they are carneys. Im a fan of the transition from tickets to cards when buying "tickets" to ride the rides or play any of the carnival games. Check out the lineup on line for the up and coming preformances. Usually they have some pretty awesome musicians Preforming on a nightly basis. Parking is a bit of a hassle... Especially if you go during the weekend, so beware! Parking can cost any where from 10$ - 30$. The entrance fee to the fair is only 10$ ( in the past it has been a little more) children under five are free and above five the are five bucks. Not too bad... It's the tickets and food that are going to cost you. I went with my boyfriend this past week and altogether we spent about $100+ dollars. This included parking, the entrance fee, 40 tickets (one ride eachish) and our extravagant carnival food eating habits... Needless to say I was craving a salad when we left. BRING CASH the ATMs rip you off with a convince fee, so come prepaid. Fun rides, decent games, awesome (unhealthy) food. Good time.
3	We went on Sunday which meant $2 entry before 2pm and $35 unlimited ride wristbands. We didn't do the unlimited rides but the $2 entry was pretty nice considering it's $10 otherwise.  The parking area we parked at was $5 to park, by the time we left at 2 pm, it was jacked up to $20.  Talk about supply and demand and price gouging!  It got pretty crowded as we were leaving - thankfully we left when we did.  The little man went on a few kiddie rides and we had some fried food.  I think the weather was definitely a deter in our experience as it was quite warm which made us grumpy.
2	Towed and ticketed for parking 1 inch into an unused driveway of a closed industrial area! We were horrified to find our car missing after leaving the fair at 9:45 pm on Wed night. We parked at 7:30 pm on Willetta between 18th and 19th Ave. There are two commercial driveways that are hard to see. Apparently this is an area that police ticket and tow vehicles frequently. No signs indicate no parking or where you will be towed. We were lucky that someone on a bike told us the Phoenix police have up to 60 vehicles towed a night for the most minor parking violations and showed us the impound area which is on Grand Ave under the I-10 overpass. You are forced to pay $104 to the city for an administration fee plus $25 to the tow truck company plus another $70 to the city for the parking violation. Yikes, so much for saving on $2 ride night! This is a huge money maker for the city, please beware. Too bad that signs are not posted to warn fair attendees of this highly monitored parking patrol.
4	So this was my first year coming to the Arizona State Fair...I had a good time and enjoyed it, the only thing is that the Fair is Expensive!!We already planned for next year though, to go when they are selling the unlimited rides bracelet because getting on the rides with bought tickets is ridiculous!  I bought 100 tickets for 50$ but some rides were up to 20 tickets a piece! no thank you! the fair is fun and all but next year ill be sure to take more money :)
3	Snoop Dogg!  I went to the fair for the first time ever to see Snoop.  He performed in the arena and there was around 10,000 people in attendance.  He rocked the stage for around 45 minutes.  The crowd was in a frenzy the entire show.It was a lot of fun.  I didn't have much time to go and do the normal carnival stuff....we were in/out for the concert.  It was pretty cool and I'd definitely come back to see another concert.  The only knock on this place is that it's old....but when the music is on, it doesn't matter.Return Factor - 80%
1	I've been to 4 different state/county fairs in my life, all in different states, and this one is by far the worst. Not only is it $10 to get into this sad fair, but you have to pay $20 to park in some sketchy lot. Then you most likely will have to cross the 6-way intersection to get to the entrance, which seems like it takes eternity. The area where you purchase your tickets is very small and cramped.  I came during a busy time ($2 before 2pm day). There seemed to be no real defined lines, just a crowd of people fighting to get to the front. Once I got inside, it was just endless stands of deep fried food and games you can never win at.  There really is not much to do there.  I've been to fairs where there were petting zoos, barns full of animals, largest vegetable contests, antique entrees, and Elvis impersonators as well as other somewhat talented performers.The most exciting aspect of the fair was paying 25 cents to feed some ducks through a wire fence. However, HOWEVER, you are allowed to bring in your own food and drinks but if you don't, be prepared to fork over $9 for a beer, $3 for a bottle of water and $5 for one deep fried Oreo.  Good luck finding a water fountain, and if you do, it's probably out of order.
5	oh man, it's time for the fried food festivities at the fair again! now, on sundays, it's 2 bucks before 2pm to get in (it use to be free before 11am). and parking goes way up around 11am. we pulled into one of the side street lots and got parking for 5 bucks. as we were walking out, they changed the sign to 10 bucks, and then again to 15 bucks!it was the same as last year...hot, full of greasy food, and more tattoo'd/booty short wearin/large panus people than you can shake a stick at! which is why it's so damn fun. we notice 4peaks was doing a beer exhibition and show, but that never materialized. we did buy the 35 dollar all you can ride wrist bands and made it onto about 5 rides, but then we got tired of standing in lines for over 30 minutes, so we spent the rest of the time wandering around and eating horribly. on that note, the deep fried watermelon was actually pretty darn good (it should be a 8.50). the deep fried nutella was gooey goodness as expected. i wasn't impressed with the deep fried reese cup. what blew us a way was the deep fried lasagna. we read that it was super good and they were correct. the dough was thin, just on the outside layer of pasta, and it was super crispy and salty. the lasagna itself was very tasty...thick marinara with plenty of spinach and mushrooms and cheese. our favorite food at the fair in many years. go early on the weekends and buy a 1 dollar water outside the gate, but don't open it (you are allowed unopened beverages) because once inside, that same water will cost 3 bucks. otherwise....enjoy the atrocity that is the AZ state fair!
4	It's AZ State Fair time again! We always try to take advantage of deal days so our typical visit is on early Sundays....when it used to be free. This year was $2 before 2pm. ok not bad. This Sunday also had the $35 unlimited rides wristband. Good in theory, until everyone does it and the lines are crazy long. If riders didnt have a wristband, then they were jumping the line with a fast pass for an extra $25. I don't mean to complain because I love the fair, but I dont feel we got our $35 worth. The lines were so long we didn't get to all of the rides we wanted to. However, since the real reason I go to the fair is the food, they won my heart over this year. All my favorites were there, but also newcomer loves such as the deep-fried nutella and fried lasagna. I got the tipoff from a New Times article prior to going, so do your research and establish your face-stuffing game plan! Next year I may have to try one of their foodie Fridays!Oh a note on parking....shop around! The lots are all marked differently and the prices go up the later you go.
4	Well, this is the third time I've been to the Arizona State Fair. The first time was 3 years ago when my grandson was a baby in a stroller and the first thing I noticed was how much smaller it was compared to what I'm used to at the fair in San Diego. There aren't nearly as many vendors or food booths but I did enjoy walking around and looking at everything.  I went with my daughter and her friend and I watched the baby while they went to a concert in the evening.  The admission price is much more reasonable at this fair than the the one in San Diego and the senior price is even better. The next time I went was last year. My granddaughter was a baby in a stroller and the grandson was two.  I went with my two youngest daughters on the weekend when the price was only $2 if you got there before 2 o'clock . Because we had the kids I decided to go ahead and pay the $10 to park in the inside lot near to the entrance and I was glad we did. We didn't spend too much on food because we did a lot of splitting and we did stay until the concert started and I got to see the band Weezer. It was very loud so I held my hands over the baby's ears the whole time but I have to admit I did enjoy the music . I'm embarrassed to say that that was probably my first rock concert, so the baby,  the toddler and I all went to our first rock concert together.   Last year we kind of discovered by accident a toddler and child play area that my grandson just loved and we let him work out some of his energy on all the baby safe equipment that they had there since he'd spent a long time just sitting in the stroller as we walked around. I had taken the baby sling that I used for my now 23 year old and loved so much I never did get rid of it, and carried the baby around in that most of the day, very comfortably I might add. There was a vendor there selling an item that look like an oversized backpack on wheels called the Shopping Jeep that I bought for $20 and I have used the heck out of that thing ever since I bought it. It's not the highest quality item I ever bought and I've had to mend it where a seam ripped but I still got a lot of good use out of it.  This year we didn't go to any concerts.  The kids were 1 and 3 and my daughter is expecting again so we didn't want to overdo, but somehow we ended up being there from 1:30 pm to 10 p.m. I don't know how we spent that much time there but we were busy the whole time. My daughter thinks we spent over an hour just in the play area which is possible because both of the kids were enjoying it so much . Again we got there before 2 on a Sunday so we only had to pay $2 each for the grown ups and the kids were free so we splurged and paid the $10 to park inside. To my surprise there was a lot on the outside charging $20 for parking! That didn't make any sense at all to me. My daughter was bemoaning the fact that she couldn't go bungee jumping but I told her she shouldn't be doing that anyway now that she's a mother. All in all we had a fun day but came home very tired.Like all fairs the food and rides are expensive but we split food and don't go on rides.  A turkey leg with no sides was $11.25 but it had enough meat for both of us and bites for the kids.  We got a small funnel cake for $4.50 and shared it.  She brought snacks and drinks for the kids and they ate them all.  The kids really enjoyed the animals but the only petting area we saw charged to get in so we were content to look through the pens.  I always enjoy watching the vendors do their demos and we stopped to listen to a singer for a few minutes.  We spent quite awhile walking through the Ice Age display with moving animals.  Last year it was an insect display.  Bathrooms were plentiful and adequately kept up.Would I recommend the fair to others? Yes! It is a great family activity.
2	EEK, this fair was weak!  Arrived about noon today, Thursday, for a first visit AZ State Fair visit ever.  The rides looked ok but other than that about all I found was a zillion super expensive food stands (Polish Dog with fries & water $20.50!!) and lots of little booths selling super tacky velvet Elvis pictures & so on, such as you see at the dumpy indoor swap meets around town.  Oh, and then there were a few farm animals with possibly 90% of the cages empty, & on top of that instead of ribbons on the cages for the cheerful goat or whatever standing in there that won for being really tip top, the poor animals were just laying around looking bummed & bunched up together for sale (to make into Birria tacos out of?).Sorry, but I'm used to going to the L.A. County Fair which is just a thousand times better!     :-O
4	I think the fact that we got in free up'd my enjoyment level of the Arizona state fair. They have many discount offers so keep your eyes peeled for them.I know I am an adult and petting zoos are for kids but my favorite part of the fair was visiting the petting zoo which was completely free. The animals in the petting zoo here are too flipping cute. There were two adorable little wallaby's bouncing around that everyone referred to as little kangaroos and it was so cool to be able to chase them down corner them and pet them. I also enjoyed saying hi to the limber llama and chasing down the pot bellied pigs and mini donkeys. There were so many animals mingling in this little zoo and they were all adorable!My second favorite part was watching the rodeo. We happened to be there during the high school competition and it was very impressive to see that level of athleticism and dedication with the young kids. Watching the boys jump off a moving horse as it chased a calf and attempt to wrestle the calf into submission was quite impressive. My third favorite part was watching the Native American dancers share their songs and dances. These guys travel the world to educate people about their culture and had just returned from a long run in England. The explanations of the different songs and dances were very informative. They  also had fantastic chemistry with each other during the presentation with their humorous jokes and banter.As for food. We couldn't bring ourselves to pay for the overpriced offerings. The most enticing booths were the wood smoked turkey legs which will cost you around $13. The turkey legs at Disneyland go for less than that.
5	For a mere $2 admission some of the things I saw:Sheep and goats dressed in Halloween costumes4H kids showing the calves they raised themselvesSome beautiful quiltsMore tattoos than I have collectively seen in one place, including 2 full head tattoos!The pages of "People of Walmart" come to life.Guys hawking luchador masks, engraved wooden signs and other crappity crap. Deep fried everything and anything.The games, rides and food are very expensive but my bag was not checked when i came in so I imagine you can bring your own much more palatable food or drink if you so desired.For those expecting Disneyland you will be sorely disappointed but for those with reasonable expectations it is a fantastic way to spend a few hours.
1	First time at this fair. We went on $2.00 day which was nice. I would have been upset paying $40.00 to get it this thing. The parking is a joke. We were in traffic and sat there and watched these people change the signs from $15.00 parking to $20.00 parking. I have never in my life seen such a thing. Then we had to pray we didn't get ran over by crossing the street. So we go to the vendor part which is my favorite of any fair. What a joke. No samples, hardly any demonstrations. So we walked around for a few and decided to  pass on all the expensive deep fried food and go eat at a nice place for cheaper. I think I'll stck with the Washington state fair in Puyallup.
2	I loved, loved, loved the fair when I was a child. I LOVED IT. I got to see the Beach Boys in my first ever concert...such good times. I was so happy when we went. I would go at least 3-4 times while it was in town. Well, I definitely DO NOT love what the fair has become. Its a travesty, a sham, and...well...a mockery. Guys: its a Travishamockery. Let me explain why...now:~What To Do~Well, you will blow boatloads of cash..that's numero uno. Besides that, you can check out all the rides they offer, as well as exhibitions ranging from animals to crafts and baking, as well as the Expo area, where retailers hawk their products. Oh and the food, its the one time of the year where most people wont judge you for eating your soul away.~The Good~Eh... there are some "bright spots". The food is fun and different. I love the Indian Fry Bread stations, although every single vendor is not the same....you have to be picky. The food options are abundant as well, and if you do not care about what you put in you, its a field day for you. The Expo they hold each year has some fun vendors each year. In 2013, they weren't as much fun as previous years, but still they held my attention for a bit. I did try some of the extreme rides....holy hell, scary, but fun. I will admit I did enjoy hanging out with my fiance in cool weather, it was refreshing and relaxing to stroll around and have some fun. Also, the concerts and events they offer each year are pretty good for free admission, I simply haven't had the time or I would've hit up a number of them over the years.~The Bad~Oy Vey...So, lets say about 7+ years ago (approximately) the whole re-invention of fairs began nationwide. With that change came increased prices, lower quality prizes, insanely fatty and poor quality foods, and whats worse: a really crummy corporate feel, by way of RCS out here in Phoenix. So now, we are left with what RCS has provided us. Its really a shell of former fun times. We still have the awesome destruction derby and concerts, as well as some fun rides still.. But they have stripped  all that away with the watered down prizes and games that are pretty much rigged....And the prizes... I mean, come on. They deduce down to dog chew toys really. Perfect size for our Yorkie and Chihuahua. Rips in about 3 days time. Prices are outrageous and I am consistently keeping an eye on spending...you are a fool to go to the fair and just spend whatever...because you will spend 100+ EASY with that mindset. I see a number of people defending the current incarnation, and it amuses me. I remember the balloon darts, when I could win a huge framed picture to hang up on my wall (I remember choosing a Michael Jordan picture)...Well, now, we have balloons, with hackisack-style balls filled with pellets. The balloon dart signs, with pictures of darts are still out there!!!!! Ruining my childhood memories, that's what RCS is doing. And diets too, they just ruin so much...Up-charge me at the gate, and get rid of RCS. I do not care about spending more to get in, FOR A QUALITY PRODUCT. Getting in for free is not worth it. Just wretched. I could go on and on.. deplorable. ~The Down low~I really am not sure where to go from here. Really am not. It's a rubbish product, really. Its like paying for a Jaguar, and getting an Aveo... its not right. I am giving 2 stars, because it actually could get worse, and if it does, I have an option to downgrade. I mentioned the redeeming factors already, which all make up the 2 stars they receive...but they do not help. Not a bit. I'll spare writing further, and let the review speak for itself. Save the money and go up North and hike and get your palms read by a hippy....or go golfing... or go to Castles and Coasters and mess around with your family....or go to Scottsdale and steal someone's Audi....or do a meth lab bust in AJ. All of these are equally invigorating and less expensive options, than spending $10 to throw a ball in a basket, attempting to win a cheap stuffed 1000'' stuffed bear.
4	I'm never sure if people rag on the fair because of the location, because they are snobs, are just because they've never tried it, but it annoys me when I read reviews of people who clearly have never even been but dislike it because of where it is located or the demographics or the ethnicity of the people who attend.We've been to the fair numerous times over the years and never had a bad experience. Yes, it can get crowded on weekend nights, but its a lot of fun and an inexpensive way to see some good concerts. In addition to the State Fair, the fairgrounds is also home to lots of other events including the annual Junior League of Phoenix Rummage Sale, numerous gun shows, and special events in the Coliseum.Unlike other states or cities where the fairground is located far out of the metropolitan area and requires a long drive to visit, we are lucky to have a facility like this so close to the central city.
3	I've been to the LA fair and OC fair in California, so in comparison this fair seemed a little smaller. Had all the crazy food offerings of any fair, but all we had was an icee and funnel cake. Haha yeah, total fatties. Lot of fair games but sadly not many rides. Had a neat petting zoo though with wallabes, so cute! We had to pay 15 for parking and parked kind of far away because the fair was crazy packed! But there was some kind of special and we got in for 2 dollars per person, so that worked out. I think we spent a total of 3 hours here and had enough to do. I love just hanging out with a group of people at the fair so I will probably be back in future years (although I prefer the Oktoberfest down in Tempe more haha) .
4	The Annual home show.  Getting there off of Hwy was horrible and dangerous,  over 30 minutes to get from hwy to parking lot. Very poor traffic planning. They need to have a traffic cop directing traffic.As for the show, Wall to wall people which is great for the vendors,, many repeats in different buildings. Need to have more places to eat and drink available.
3	We love the fair's rides, concerts and shows. However, the food and drink prices are absolutely outrageous. The food and beverage people have got to be making bank. I don't know how they can expect families to be able to afford to go. We get the season passes, so going more than once pays for itself. But, damn, I just can't afford to be there long because the kids get thirsty or hungry and I just can't justify the prices for these items. I hope the people who run the fair read the comments and do something about this.
1	Fair and expense go hand in hand, so the over priced everything didn't surprise me. Is it worth it? Honestly, not unless you get an unlimited ride band. You'll spend more on the other days since you go through tickets fast! I checked online before attending to make sure my oldest daughter could go on rides. She could, but many of the rides marked as ok with an adult weren't when we got there. That was a minor annoyance. The rides were short, despite the fact there were literally no lines. It was opening day, on a Friday, and no lines? I mean, that's fantastic, but also a sign that something may not be right. Staff was generally fantastic, but 30 seconds at best on a $6 ride was excessive. Now let's talk about the fight. I was in the area minutes before it happened and staff ended up telling us to stay put inside the coliseum during it... as it happened directly outside! I appreciate them keeping us safe and informed, but not a great experience. As a matter of fact, a few of the people getting arrested on the news ran through the building directly in front of us! Another reviewer said to leave before night,  and I wish I had that advice beforehand! It's absolutely not a safe place, which explains the heavy police presence all day. To top it all off, getting out after this fiasco was a literal nightmare! Would I come here again? Absolutely not. There are plenty of other over-priced fairs in the state minus the late night thugs!
1	The Arizona State Fair has sadly been ruined.You shouldn't have to work at having a good time. It felt like my cash was hemorrhaging and that was just the beginning. I have been a fan for a very long time and never expected it to come to this. They have gone crazy when it comes to prices. I spent over $300.00 last night for 3 kids and myself. You would think that would have included tons of fun, but sadly it was not. The atmosphere is sad and monopolized by individuals who act nasty/rude towards other guests of the fair. Sure you can come on wristband day, but then it's ridiculous lines of people for each ride. I purchased numerous ticket cards and two of them had to be reset. Are you kidding me!!!!!!! Hundreds of dollars on tickets and you can't even guarantee they are on the card. I hope they change the venue. It's self explanatory why this needs to happen. Also we saw the end part of the big fight and watched cops with a group of 50+ teens yelling/walking through the Fair grounds. One of the officers even had his tazer ready to use while escorting the suspects towards an exit. The Arizona State Fair is not safe at night or welcoming. Please please please change your venue. I'm sure the Fair is saving tons of money by using that venue. However, you would make a ton of money at Westworld or something like that.  Again 7 dollars for a 30 second ride or 5-6 dollars for a ten second game is wrong. No reasonable justification and no accuracy within your card readers. I have been to the Arizona State Fair more times then I can count. The price gouging that is going on needs to end and should even be illegal. I really hope they read these reviews and don't underestimate what is happening here. I can safely say that after this experience I will not be coming back to the fair. I have been a very loyal customer for over a decade, but it's just not worth it.
4	So, I will start by saying that I was expecting the fair to be much much worse.  Mind you, I went yesterday, the day following the big teenage riot. The area does look very scary.  It's a rough neighborhood so be careful where you choose to park. We found close parking for $10, other places were charging $15. There was hardly any line to get in (pleasant surprise #1), we were literally inside within just a couple of minutes. Ladies do need to have their purses checked, so leave your weapons at home (half kidding).  There may have been added security following the violent night before.  Plenty of po-po's all over the place, as well as a specific gang unit, so at no time inside the fair did I feel unsafe. While there was a good amount of people inside, we never had to wait in a line more than a couple of minutes for food, beer, rides, or bathroom (very pleasant surprise #2).  Oh, and let me touch on the bathroom-  I don't know the term for it, but it was so much nicer than a standard porta-potty, it was larger, had lights, running water sink, and get this- an air conditioner! Yes, that would be pleasant surprise #3. As far as the food, we had to try at least 1 fried item, and decided to go with the deep fried Reese's peanut butter cup, which was interesting. Not bad at all.  Chili cheese fries, beer, and a polish sausage dog with peppers were also on our shameful menu for the night (no judging please). The fun night ended with a kick-ass country concert (Justin Moore).  The admission is actually free with standard fair admission, though we bought tickets for better seating (only $20). It was well worth it, and the crowd was great. I had heard so many negative things about the fair, and am very glad we decided to come check it out for ourselves. Tip -take a ride on the ski lift once the sun goes down for a great view!
3	Only worth coming if you are the unlimited ride bracelet ($35 each)And honestly you better buy the fast pass too ($25 more a person) otherwise rides are 40+ minute wait. The real annoying thing is, few tables & chairs and they are always taken by old people resting. So plan on eating your food standing up, very frustrating! Unlimited rides are worth it. Also bring CASH!!! All food booths have minimums for using a debit card.
2	I give the AZ State Fair just two stars for the following reasons...1. I've been to state fairs in 4 different states and this one pales in comparison.2. In a state known for heat - they provide little shade3. There's nowhere to sit down to eat4. There seems to be little thought put in how the rides are placed on the grounds5. The vendors and exhibitors are scarce compared to other states6. The agriculture or live stock is mostly rabbits and goats that are for sale7. From a branding perspective they do nothing to promote or inform you about the state8. Location, location, location - if you want anyone of more than low middle class to attend the fair, then hold it in Westworld or somewhere not smack dab in the middle of the ghettoThe state government really needs to put some time and effort in to turning this fair in to something Arizonians can be proud of.
4	I'm one of the biggest fans of the fair but will point out why people aren't showing up anymore. The good I love the concerts but one thing is certain death, taxes and either sublime, weezer and or snoop will be performing at the fair now I love these bands it would be great to get some more diversity in the concerts. The food although overpriced I have a few favorites like the garlic fries from cardinallis pizza and deep fried pb and j and funnel cakes! The rides are ok not a big thrill fan so I enjoy the exhibits art and photography contest are great and u can help judge. They are allowing outside good and drinks so save money and brin your own food. I also like they have better cleaner food trucks some seem to be a bit more affordable.The badThe prices and prizes are really not worth the squeeze, I take advantage of the special discount days they have so I can save money. 10$ admission fee they are nuts for charging so much per person I know they have a special this year where they give u 10$ credit when u pay 10$ for admission on your next trip nice way to get people to come back but that won't work what will would be to make it more affordable and step up the food quality.Overall I have the season pass and don't regret it I will see most concerts and I avoid paying for parking by finding street parking near grand about a block walk but it's worth saving money can't wait to see weezer and queens of the Stone Age :-)
4	I come here every year on a Friday using the free tickets I earned from spending $40 in one transaction which is not hard when grocery shopping. Plus from noon-6 there is a lot of $2 food deals to enjoy. If you can find street parking then that's free too. My niece loves the petting zoo, and looking at the sheep and chickens in the agricultural center and kerr's farm tour. Attractions are expensive and so is the food out side the 2 buck deal.
3	Had a good time at the fair today. It's hot and it's expensive, but we come to eat. We went between 10-2 on Saturday so it was only 2 bucks for admission. We had the funnel cake with strawberries (delicious), chili cheese piggly's (good), bacon wrapped corn dog (letdown... can't even taste the bacon & too much batter), deep fried mac & cheese (letdown... looks like a corn dog, way too much batter), cheesy bacon bombs (ok, but not worth $8), and chocolate dipped cheesecake (always tasty). The only thing we "rode" was the Euroslide. At $0.50 per ticket and rides 6-14 tickets a ride, it gets very costly. Enjoyed seeing the kangaroo at the petting zoo, the lemurs, and watching the FMX freestyle show. My niece loved the pony rides and playing in Kiddie Corner. There is nowhere to fill up water bottles, which is stupid. They really should have free water stations.
4	Giant crappy carnival. Definitely not what it used to be. Still fun though. It's worth checking out if you have children. Not really a "first date" kind of place. Expect to drop a few bills cause of coarse everything is way over priced. I've seen people bring their own food. Depends on when you go as far as trouble goes. I recommend early Sunday.
1	This was the first time my family and I made it to the fair. We will not be going back. Ridiculous prices for rides and games! We rode the Farris wheel 1st for 4 tickets each, thinking this would probably be the most expensive ride. We were very wrong! We had 5 in our party so it cost $10 for all of us to ride. We saw the next ride we wanted to go on, it was 14 tickets each rider! What?! $7 per ride? That is insane! We did not ride! Walked around for a long time, explaining over and over why we will not be riding on all the fun rides to our disappointed kids. As I looked around, I noticed there were no lines for rides; I guess we are not the only ones who won't ride. Once we got to the kids section we were in for a bigger disappointment! My daughter didn't quite make the height requirement so a parent had to ride with her, which is understandable. But, we then got charged for the adult to ride too! On top of that, these rides equated to around $3.50 each rider. So, for a little kiddy ride we paid over $10 for two children and a parent who didn't want to ride. Yes, that's over $10 for one ride! In closing, the Arizona State Fair was a huge disappointment, we could have gotten the kids into Disneyland for what we paid to ride a few kiddy rides.
2	The fair is kind of cool because it always takes me back to being a kid. Not specially this fair since I am from Ohio, but the generalized idea of "the fair". The Arizona State fair typically has at least a few descent concerts that I added each year, a lot of rides (which I do not ride), and a lot of games. But there are also a lot of challenges, and perhaps it is partially because of the age of the fair and the growth of the neighborhood around it. First, parking is challenging. Actually not so much the parking, because I usually have no problem parking on the lot for $10, but getting to the parking is the issue. The traffic is very congested there and it makes getting to the fair a negative experience. There are throngs of people crossing the street which delay the turning cars, and they in turn block the street so the cars diving toward the fair cannot proceed. Another issue is ticketing. It is the 21st century and you would think there would have been some advances in ticketing. But no. Come on a Friday evening and be prepared to wait a long time to get a ticket because there are hundreds of people and only six ticket booths. How about installing some automated ticket booths like the movie theaters? I like the concerts, but I am always confused. Do I pay for the concert AND the fair? Typically that is what I have been doing, but last week as I was hoping to go to a concert and the long ticket line caused me to not get through until 7:15 there were fair representatives telling people if they had their concert ticket they could just go in the back gate without buying fair admission. I also heard that there are free general admission seats to the concerts if you have a fair ticket. I attempted that this Friday and unfortunately did not get in because the general admission was already full.Traffic issues are not limited to the street. Friday evening walking down one of the main paths in the fair everything came to a standstill. The path had food booths on both sides so people standing in line at those vendors extended into the path, and there were so many people coming in both directions that it turned into a mass area of people just standing and unable to move for more than five minutes. As we were able to slowly eventually shuffle it moved better once we passed the food booths. I still like the thought of the fair, even though it is an expensive evening with the food and games. But the parking, the ticketing, and the number of people in an area that is too narrow makes it an experience I can only tolerate once or maybe twice per year. The fair cannot address the issues of the street traffic, but adding improved ticketing and spreading out the items inside the fairgrounds would help.
3	The AZ State Fair is always an A-OK time! Meaning its not bad and its not great! I am an AZ Native and started dancing at the fair with my dance company when I was only 3 years old! So the fair was a yearly thing for me and my family, because I performed every year! My question is to everyone...... WHY NOT! Why not go and just have fun!?? Don't expect 5 star 4 season experience and don't expect to be disappointed! Its perfectly fun right in the middle! Yes its hot, we live in AZ, DUH..... yes its dirty (its outside, there are a bunch of people, rides, games, kids, roads, dirt..... its outside its gonna be dirty stop complaining) you go for the atmosphere, the randomness and the fun! Its cheap to get in, so of course everything inside is going to be expensive. Its like going to any amusement park, the difference is, you pay a ton to get in and rides are free, the fair is cheap to get in, but you have to pay per ride. The food, sweet baby jesus do they have all kinds of different concoctions for you to try! LOVE IT! They have local businesses, vendors, science projects, crafts, concerts, live music, performances, merchandise, petting zoo..... all kinds of things condensed into one place! Its brilliant! :)To have a good time just remember your there for the expensive rides, the crazy food (prices are also high) the drinks, the atmosphere, the games, the people watching.... LOCAL BUSINESSES, its an experience and its here only once a year! Splurge one night and just let lose and take in what it all has to offer! :)PS - My favorite thingsIndian Fry BreadLocal shops booths in the backFew random heart pumping rides and LAST always trying to win a HUGE stuffed animal to take home. Easiest winner is busting the balloons with the balls! GOT A HUGE MINION! :)
1	Almost gave it two stars because the $12 fry bread was actually good.  Went on $2 admission day because I had to, since daughters were in a dance show.  I went ten years ago and vowed NEVER to come back.  $10 to park, $60 for six beers, $75 for two rides (the ferris wheel makes one round - how exciting for $8 per person!), $20 for 6 bottles of water and another $60 on food.  Disneyland ends up being cheaper and far better.  The place was packed with people that make walking around the Walmart at 19th Ave and Bethany Home look like a fashion show.   When it was time to leave after wasting 4 hours there, some meth head in the parking lot almost ran me over.  When I tell him to watch where he's going, I get some gang banger thug parking attendant turd in a yellow tshirt, yelling at me and telling me to keep walking!  Really?  After I just paid his months wages inside the gates?  I really hate this place.  NEVER again.
4	Lots of fun, just bring your cash. As with seemingly everything now a days, the prices just keep climbing at the state fair. Some of the rides now cost the ticket equivalent of over $10 for a ride. I saw a food vendor with a $20 Turkey Leg (wrapped in bacon) and a $30 combo of that item. Am I crazy to think a bacon wrapped turkey leg and a basket of fries from a street vendor shouldnt cost that much? Ok well Im a scrooge for sure so I wont waste this whole review ranting about the prices.The Fair is always fun though and is one of my favorite places for date nights. Theres pretty much always something new to see each time you go and the experience is great.
2	2014 fair. Thought maybe after 2 yrs ago they would have improved.  nope.  It's worse. Seems like they are trying to make it better in some things, but not enough.Long lines, high prices. Getting there "early"? Everyone already thought of that and the close parking lots are full. The wristbands this yr are $35. Example ticket cost: tilt-a-whirl was 9 tickets per rider this yr. And they only sell 10 or above. 10 is $5. If you want to beat the long lines, a fast pass is now $25 extra. Whomever is in charge of their twitter acct ignored my question about the fastpass, which is also not mentioned, that i could find, on their website . Someone in line told me another way to beat the lines is to go the first weekend of the fair. I don't know if going during the week is better, but I would think so. You would think that they would put $2 entry on a weekday when they dont draw much of a crowd; not on the weekends.Lines were even long to get tix/wristbands. And, no smiles from the ppl selling the tix/ wristbands, either. I guess I am expecting too much?They have the usual fair food, plus some new ones. Deep fried coffee for you, ma'am? (How do you deep fry a liquid??)Ray Carmack is still the contractor for the rides. The ticket booth took credit cards and website says the food places do, also. So far we have not had to go to a food stand, as you can bring your own food in to save $, so we did.36" looks like the shortest you can be to get on even the easiest kiddie ride.It is nice and cool in the bottom of the convention center where they have the contest art displayed. Lot of talent in that display. There are more benches this year, but still not enough benches in the shade; people were sitting on the ground in the shade rather than on a sunny bench. It's AZ, people-in-charge. It's still hot here. Maybe some giant fans to cool us off while we wait in line or for our kids who are on the rides?I haven't seen  any good shows on the schedule for several years.One good thing is, everything seems to be laid out in the same place year after year so you can kind of find your way around.
3	The AZ State Fair was ok.....just ok. The rides were cool just weren't that many good ones  for such a big place. We arrived at around 12pm. To my surprise adults were only $2 before 2pm. We got 2 steps in the fair and were rushed by those seminar for a trip scammers. I bought the 100 tickets for $50. Food was super duper overpriced! $9 for some fries??? Games were a rip off. 6-7 tickets for one chance. 12-15 tickets per ride.....This place is a money grabber. So I advise to keep your party small. Oh and parking was cool before 2pm.....$10 right by the front entrance.
3	The Arizona state fair is a lot of fun, especially for the admission price! You can buy tickets online for about $6 each. The greatest value comes from the amazing FREE concerts! Every year there's a good lineup and yes, you can get in FREE with your paid fair admission!The biggest downsides of the fair are what you'd expect: parking runs anywhere from $15 - $25. The food stands inside should be ashamed of the outrageous prices they charge (think $27 for a turkey leg, $10 for a funnel cake, $7 fried Oreos, $8 for a small cup of lemonade) but they serve great "fair food." The rides are your typical carnival rides and lines aren't too bad UNLESS YOU GO AT NIGHT. Again, try to avoid the fair at night, especially on weekends! If you can go midweek during the day, you'll have a much better time. There are lots and lots of midway games with fun prizes (but bring cash, you're gonna need it)!The fair grounds are large and spacious, and they pack a lot of stuff into the area. With all this space, you'd think they'd provide more shady areas or places to sit and relax -- these coveted spots are few and far between. If you eat, you're going to eat standing up in the sweltering desert sun. The livestock exhibits are always fun to peruse and there's a small petting zoo for kids (extra fee to do this). The exhibit halls kind of blow, they are mostly filled with vendors for mattresses and "as seen on t.v." junk. The prize winner exhibits are fun and these was some great photography in the contest this year. Money saving tip: check online for cool events, freebies and giveaways the day of your visit! All in all, this is a pretty fun state fair!
2	I had so many high hopes for the Arizona State Fair...and they were crushed the second I parked my car. To be fair, it's hard to compare anything to the Great Minnesota Get Together, but I was shocked that an event like this can last an entire month! The fair itself is not in a very appealing part of Phoenix. It's located near a lot of warehouses and there is heavy freeway traffic. Parking is easy to find but only during the day. Once the sun goes down you practically need night vision goggles to spot a traffic director. There are a lot of pan handlers who sit near the entrance which is fine but can get kind of intense. Once you are actually in the fair, you can smell animals but not actually see any...food options are repetitive with a lot of bacon covered things, funnel cakes, indian fry bread tacos, and various cuts of grilled meat. The fair is primarily rides, it's like a giant midway. If you are really into rides and carnival games, this might actually be for you. Not surprisingly, there were ridiculous fights that happened in front of small children between people you would expect to see on an episode of Jerry Springer. It made me sad for humanity.I'm not going to be a negative Nancy and only complain so here are some cool things about the fair:1. It is cheap admission, $10 and they give you a voucher for a free ticket to return. The admission also covers the admission for whoever is playing in the coliseum. We saw Colbie Caillat. Pretty cool, even though the coliseum was only a quarter full. 2. Minneapple Pie serves their awesome pies and ice cream. Not surprisingly, they are transplants from Minnesota. 3. The giant Ferris wheel has spectacular views of the city and the fair. Very instagram worthy.Overall, I would say this fair looks cool but falls short of being entertaining or memorable. There were times I did not feel safe...like when this guy went up to me and told me he was going to cut me up so I end up on a CSI poster...yes, that happened. My trip to Arizona was amazing and I feel like this state fair is not representative of the unique and beautiful people and places that make Arizona an amazing state. #disappointed #pleasebebetterinthefuture #rootingforyouarizonastatefair
5	I come here annually for the Kiwanis Kids Day at the Fair.  Great place to roam through with a lot of games and food to try out.  Big kudos to the State Fair folks for opening up the fair early for us and let us stay in until they close.  Great group of people to work with.
4	This year is the first time my wife and I have made it to the State Fair...shame on us for taking 7 yrs to get to this.  WE HAD A BLAST!  It was somewhat smaller than I was expecting, really didn't know what to expect I guess.  Overpriced food and drinks, tons of freaks to look at and a lot of fun things to do...IT WAS GREAT.  There was a llama in the petting zoo that thought my wife was his best friend!
3	Went to the fair for a second time this season to get in some of things we weren't able to a couple weeks ago. It was a much different experience so I felt the need to write another review. We got there shortly after they opened at 10 and it wasn't very busy yet, but as time went on, it got more and more crowded. I don't know if it's because it was the last day and/or because it was wristband day, but there were so many more people than last time. We watched the lemur races and got the $35 wristbands for unlimited rides and two games. We rode the Galaxy Coaster, Skyflyer, La Grande Wheel, RaveWave, Grand Wheel, Alien Abduction, Wild River, and bumper cars. Wanted to go on the skyride but they don't allow drinks and we had a full iced tea. So our day averaged out to be $4.38 per ride. We had some great food! Frybread w/ beans, chili meat, and cheese; Minneapple pie w/ vanilla ice cream; garlic fries; and a frozen banana w/ sprinkles. It was all very yummy! I also got an Almond Joy gourmet apple to take home. Brought the two little stuffed animals we won back for my dogs, who much appreciated them. So up until it got way too crowded and stopped being fun, we had a good (albeit expensive) day. I know you can bring in your own food & drink, but they should really have a free water station next time!
3	Went to the fair last week for a little bit before a concert on the grounds we had tickets to... Barenaked Ladies!!  More on that later.  Now about the fair... My bf and I managed to get into the fair for free with a donation of jeans and tennis shoes to St Vincent de Paul. Whoo!  More money for food.  ;-)  This is a pretty big spread of food, games, crafts and goods.  It has your usual fried food extravaganza, and some really crazy fried foods ... deep fried pickle with chocolate sauce?  Ick.  Chocolate covered bacon?  Pass.  Kettle corn, yes! Onion rings, yes! $12 beer, no!  Prices on food are a bit high.  A family of four could accidentally dip into their children's college fund if they spent more than an afternoon here.  There is a petting zoo for kids, and a ton of rides for all ages.  Beware: Go easy on the spinny rides if you have a belly full of fried fair food.  The concert started pretty much right on time; Barenaked Ladies were awesome! Very entertaining bunch of guys. I had purchased seats, but there seemed to be free general admission in certain areas.  Not sure if it has free general admission every night, but its worth a shot if you're interested.
