5	HA ha! Gay Denny's natch! lmao! This place is awesome!!In the daytime you can see several groups of people thinking about their would-be purchases in the near by car dealerships. But in the night time...late night, say... 2AM-ish... this place comes to LIFE! The patrons of the nearby clubs and bars conviene here to get their late night munchies on! There's some major people watching going on!! Go and hang out, scope out the MUCH smaller late night menu and have fun. :)
4	DISCLAIMER : This review is based solely on my love of people watching...not eats.It's simple lady's and Mary's..... if you have been to this Jenny's (thx Brian) at 2am on a Sat night I do not even need to continue. If you haven't....I recommend that you do. Nuff said
3	==Gay Denny's Bingo==[ ] Uncomfortable looking straight couple. What, you thought they called it "gay denny's" because it was so merry?[ ] Half-drunk valley girl frantically slapping her boyfriend in the face. Whether it's to get him out of his drunken stupor or to arouse him, it doesn't seem to be working, babe.[ ] Random cop harassing transexual/transvestite about "being lewd in public" or some other bullshit. Lewd? You're the one trying to put them handcuffs and take them to your car. Get over your lame self.[ ] Waitress who has to wake up passed out patrons to bring them their food. [ ] Guy who leaves instructions for his friends to order for him so he can get his puke on. (Holy shit...Nathan?)[ ] People fixing their makeup...in the men's restroom.[ ] Glitter on the seats. And the table. Oh my god where is all this fucking glitter coming from?[ ] Guy who, despite seeing that really hot girl making out with another girl, still thinks he's got a chance, and seems legitimately confused when girl is not interested in him. Just because her girlfriend's in the toilet doesn't mean she goes into "straight mode" for the next ten minutes. [ ] Dumb yelper taking notes for a future review. (Holy shit...me?)
1	I'm not going to lie; I wanted to go to this Denny's solely because of Jetta R.'s review.Bad, bad, bad.  Bad service, bad food, bad experience.  I took my friend here twice to make sure that the first time wasn't just a fluke.  Our waitress was a total space cadet and was completely uninterested in us.  I realize Denny's isn't a high class restaurant, but I do subscribe to the belief that your water glass should never be empty.  We put our glasses at the end of the table.  The waitress flitted around at the tables behind us (there were two, maybe three other tables occupied when we visited, tops), but didn't cater to our needs.  She treated us like children on both visits.  I told my friend, "the tip meter is running."I wanted to like Jenny's, but it just sucked.  There's no reason for crappy service with a place as empty as it was.
3	Ahhhh....Jenny's. Good ole Jenny's. Gay as gay can be. Depending on when you are there of course. I've found myself at Jenny's post bar rush stuffing my pie hole with a club sandwich, fries and many glasses of Coca Cola. Then there's the late morning, early afternoon call from friends who want to gather at Jenny's, eat greasy food to soak up the previous evening's booze and dish about who fell down, who got arrested and who will end up on dirty.com! Of course, we all secretly hope it is us!I love diner waitresses. They get it. They have the patience of a saint and the sass and swagger of a sailor. All the while delivering my hot plate of eggs, shredded hash browns (can you say Ore Ida!?), various meats and extra butter on the toast please. God bless 'em. God bless them all! So Jenny's has a place in our hearts. Not on Valentine's Day. Not on the books for New Year's Eve. But, dayum, if I'm not grateful to have you Jenny on that famous CenPho corner, we call 7th Street and Camelback.
2	gay Denny's gets 4 stars just for atmosphere, but as katie S. points out, the service is always atrocious. I'm sure staff is primarily prioritized by demographic, so service skill is secondary.
4	Kidless for the weekend.. rode the tram back and forth, saw clubbers bobbin their heads like they were too cool for school.. glittery tube tops, guys in sweaters.. nothin cool on the town, so we had a whiskey and coke at home and headed straight to gay denny's. Ahh... so much more entertaining then the lame-o stilletto wearin, sweater vest kanye wannabe club scene. So many people around to people watch, interesting conversations to over hear. refreshing, really! I love you gay denny's. Especially when you are full of fire men. I was there that day, and you were beautiful.
1	A WRAITH OF AMERICANA LONG UNDEAD, CHURNING OUT CACA AT OUTRAGEOUS PRICES--$3.50 slice of ham--$4.00 glass of concentrated OJ--3am best time to visit; you're going to be sick in an hour anyway from the booze you drank earlier. --no "honey"-calling, gum-chewing flos anywhere to be seen--only the blur-in-motion Mexican-girl dishwasher/busers who can clear a table in 3.8 seconds--24-7 operation means this place never gets a deep clean and it shows--bathroom towels NEVER stocked--window blinds caked in mud--buser station crusty with layers of splattered milk and greaseAnd the food is atrocious. Not even grilled cheese makes it past the gag reflexGet me outa here!!!
4	Since I manage to find My BadSelf in here at least once every few months I suppose You need to understand ~ OMG, Why? ~ First off; Nostalgia! During the 70's My Friends, along with a Guy in Gold Lam`e UnderWear, a Girl in a JC Penney's Bra and Slip and occasionally Myself would end up Here. Every Weekend after the LateNight, DoubleFeature, PictureShow (RHPS) @ the Sombrero Theatre. This is where You would find Us gathering, it was Our; Arnold'sDrive-In / FrostyPalace / Mel's Drive-In. The fact that it is Still Here, unlike The afore mentioned; SombreroTheatre, Sambo's (on 1st Street and McDowell), Caf`e Casino along with Cin`e Capri (at 24th Street and Camelback), LuntAvenue MarbleClub (on the NorthEast corner of Central and Camelback), Willy&Guillermo's, OscarTaylor, The MasonJar, The (Original) Monastery, et cetera...... After Developers, Speculators and their ilk were finished generally tearing up the place, there wasn't a lot of recognizable, comfortable landmarks and haunts left for Us native & semi-natives. So once ~ facebook ~ starting bringing Us all back together, what better place for Us to reminisce with old friends than with Our old hangout... The food is not "world-class cuisine" it does not need to be, it's the old comfort food We remember, golden eggs, fluffy pancakes, tasty O.J. and fresh, hot coffee. Added bonus; on Your birthday, breakfast is free!!!!!
2	I got hungry out on errands this morning & stopped in here for some breakfast.  The service was Poor with a capital "P" & the food was weak, too!When I came in, the cashier pointed me to an ok booth, but it was a while before my loud waitress, who had brushed by my table several times, finally took my order.  After that, she disappeared.  (Did she quit?)  Anyhow, someone else eventually brought out my food.I had a "Grand Slam" which used to be good, but 3 of the 4 items with this one were with this little tasteless hockey puck thing they called a "Chicken Sausage Patty", a little serving of hash browns the size I would give my cat, & two (small?) eggs.  The 2 pancakes were ok, but could have used more syrup.  A second napkin would have been nice too, but there was no one to ask for it.Denny's (aka "Jenny's") here might be fun late at night, but it's a dud at 10 in the morning!     :-O
1	Ya know, I've come to this Denny's on and off since moving to Phoenix several years ago.  I usually only frequent this location and one in Tempe.  I'm not really sure when it changed.Hubs and I stopped for breakfast.  We looked at the line @ Matt's (I know there IS no comparison but the line was SOOOOOOOOOOOO long) and turned around to get one of the worst tasting meals and worst service experiences I've had in a long time.  Now, I understand something going wrong with your order now and again.  But seriously, our waitress was training someone!!!!!  An order was taken and then we were left to fend for ourselves.  Finally another waitress named Crystal (ask for HER if you dare go) stopped by and filled our coffee.  We then waited...and waited.  We saw the cooks working and putting food out that just sat under the lamps.  When we got our grand slams the only thing slightly warm were the eggs.  Sausage?  Stone cold.  Bacon: frigid.  Pancakes, laughable.And when the manager stopped by?  Let's just say that he had a very condescending attitude.  He was basically like; "well, what do you want me to do about it?"  Um, manage your people effectively!  Live up to the customer service standards expected of you!  Figure it out.  My husband pretty much put him in his place by giving a detailed description of several things he'd seen done wrong since our arrival.He offered us ONE comped meal.  Bill still came to $15 for one breakfast and drinks.  Yikes.  For this kind of money I will stand in line at Matt's and know that eventually I'll get food worth having!
5	Jenny's FTW. My Drama club would come here after performances, most still in makeup--old people-badgers-dwarves-and somehow we'd look more normal than anyone else there. the servers never batted an eye. So homey.And food--it's a Denny's. I have no idea what most people expect when they enter one. If you walk in with a sense of entitlement to a good meal, you are mistaken, because its a freaking Denny's. Embrace the real Americana experience of poor quality food from severely underpaid workers and enjoy the scene. If you go here just for food (or any Denny's for that matter) you have to be brain damaged to complain about it, because its a freaking Denny's and you should either know better or find some class and taste when finding good restaurants.Jenny's though has actually prepared me many a fine meal with fine service (or fine enough at least). Its a great place.
4	I love that this Denny's is categorized as a gay bar! Perfectly nicknamed Jenny's, this chain diner is located in a known gay district of Phoenix, so you can imagine my disappointment when my wife and I walked in for breakfast on a Monday morning and discovered a totally normal Denny's! Where were the drag queens and disco balls and the loud techno music? Ok maybe I wasn't really expecting all that... regardless, it had been ages since I've been to Denny's, and not much has changed. The service is slightly above average and the mediocre food is an amazing hangover cure.... however the prices have gone up at some point during the last 6 years.... guess that's inflation for you.We both crushed the Grand Slam breakfast and overtipped our waitress, who was impressively a bilingual white chick! We will definitely be back!
4	My wife (who is from Phoenix and spent countless meals at this restaurant) characterized this place to me as the "Gay Denny's"--a label I was apprehensive about mentioning in my review until I read the the reviews of other Yelpers.  After seeing about a dozen or more references to "Jenny's", I realized that my wife's characterization is not only accurate, but quite routine and popular.  Please note that even Yelp categorizes this place under "Diners, Gay Bars".  That speaks volumes of coolness.There is little to distinguish this from any other Denny's, and during the day it is the mild-mannered place we are all familiar with.  But at night, and particularly in the wee hours of the morning, the alt crowd arrives.  Many people from Goth and LGBTQ clubs pile in here for food at that time after dancing and socializing.  My wife and I went here after our visit to Sanctum--she walked in with her Gothy attire and no-one batted an eye.  The place had quite a crowd at 2am and they were mostly a fairly young, hip group.Food was. . .Denny's.  Service was fine.  If you go here at 2am, you know you're not going for the food in particular but for the crowd and maybe some people watching if you're into that sort of thing.  If you're looking for a great place to get some post clubbing eats, Jenny's definitely hits a Grand Slam.  Recommended.
4	Genny's is a hoot! I'm def Straight but NOT narrow.
1	this was the WORST Denny's experience I've ever had, and no one expects much from a Denny's so that's saying a lot. not only did our server jump in our faces to rush our drink order he didn't let us finish it before walking away and not getting what we requested. ignored us until our cold food showed up and it wasn't even what we ordered. he threw extra napkins from someone elses table on ours in a "don't want to put these where they really go mannor" and didn't show up again until he dropped our bill which charged me for the food I ordered bit didn't get. maybe he would've been a better server if the apparent drugs he was on weren't a factor, and when we confronted the manager she was rude and obviously didn't care that this staff sucks. not to mention unwelcoming to straight customers if any Denny's promoted itself as a straight Denny's would gays feel welcome there and would that be socially acceptable? hell no! way to go Denny's ihop for me next time!
5	They know how to cook eggs!
3	Service was great, and always an interesting time on a late Saturday night.
2	We go here late night around 2 am every night we get out of the club nearby. If it weren't for the fact it's 2 am and we're usually pretty hammered I would never stick around for that long to wait for our food to come out! There's usually a wait (even at 2am) the place is packed. There's always a cop sitting at the bar, haha. It just takes forever to get acknowledged when we walk in, to be sat, to have our order taken, to get our food, to get our bill, etc. It usually takes well over an hour for all of this. Under normal circumstances I would walk out of a place like that. If the servers were all really friendly it might make up for it but some are nice and some look like they'd rather be anywhere but there. Which is understandable I guess but still. I do agree that it is fun to people watch here.
2	Years ago this place was great for the late night experience. For that fact and that fact alone, I gave it two stars. Today I went with my wife and we sat in our booth, on the end of half full dining room. In this booth we sat without drinks for 15+ minutes. Finally, our drink order was taken. While we waited for our food I decided to visit the restroom. Walking in there, I felt there was a risk of contracting Hepatitis. No amount of soap will ever make me feel clean again. I will NEVER return to this place. No amount of good memory's from my youth, will persuade me to return there. It is becoming more and more run down and decrepit. Save your money and your time, and go to a different Denny's. The 7th St and Camelback location should be shut down and renovated IMMEDIATELY!! Reopen it only after a proper diner can be made of this travesty, and a management can be found, who will keep it as such.
2	We call this Gay Denny's or Jenny's. It's really like any other Denny's. There's no reason for you to drive to this one because it makes more sense to go to the one in your neighborhood. Usually, we go to this one when there's an event in Downtown Phoenix. It's nearby.Other reasons that I go? My friends are poor and Denny's open late. Otherwise, you should never eat at Denny's.
1	This place use to be nice to eat at.  Now it's a dive!  The restaurant is filthy, I got a water glass with Lipstick on it and our coffee cups had dried cranberry juice on it.I've been there multiple times thinking "it's just an off day",  The last time I went there was a week ago when a friend was visiting from Palm Springs and I have to say, I was embarrassed after taking him there!  They got his order wrong, our dishes were dirty and the waitress seemed annoyed that we even mentioned it.I will never go there again.
3	Had some great breakfast service. Spacious. Good pricing. Clean.
5	I love this place. Great staff and food.
2	What people need to remember about Denny's or Jenny's is that even though the social atmosphere is outrageous and you WILL meet awesome people, it is still DENNY's. Therefore expecting it to be an outrageous food experience is a nice wish but ultimately they have he same ingredients, same crappy thin bacon, same decent fries etc etc as every other Denny's. If you want a late night hangout this is awesome. If you want culinary uniqueness it's not happening.
2	I went here the other night for an ice cream sundae with hot fudge and caramel sauce on it. I was disappointed that the hot fudge was overly sweet and gritty, like it was made from a powder mix that wasn't mixed enough. The service was good, as was the remainder of my sundae.
3	It was 10:00 PM on a week night and not much is open around Central Phoenix aside from fast food, so went with the old reliable Denny's at 7th Street & Camelback, aka "the gay Denny's" or "Jenny's", due to its renown as a repository for the after-closing-time crowd - that didn't go home with somebody.My barbeque cheddar & avocado burger was absolutely massive, came with a modest quantity of largish (hand-cut?) fries, and was really quite tasty, even apart from my ravenous hunger of the moment. The food was solid, the value good, the service prompt and courteous.  The dining area was clean, the men's room sanitary and fully stocked, and nobody left hungry.  That works.
4	Update: Making this a 3.5 : / I forgot that they up-sell you for cheese on your hash browns, and they also not include bread with your meal, so when they offer and you select something, you get an additional charge. I am all OK for that if they bring it to your attention upfront, but even if it is a small fee I don't think it is cool... Went here for breakfast Saturday morning after dropping a car for service at one of the dealers nearby.We were promptly seated and our server Jazmin was outstanding! she was very cheerful and seemed to have a great attitude.In the service industry it makes a huge difference when people do their job giving you the feeling that they are happy to be there, and that you are there... that is how we felt.She was very accommodating and answered all our questions.Hubby had the Santa Fe skillet, that actually comes in a sizzling skillet! what a concept, haha (our other breakfast places we frequent just serve them in a skillet shaped dish)...Daughter had some burrito with bacon and avocado and she liked it very much.I got the veggie omelette (I never go with only veggies) and it was really good. Plenty of veggies, fluffy omelette, very tasty.Hubby had diet Coke, daughter and I had the pumpkin coffee, which is really good but it was too sweet for me, Jazmin helped out so it would not be as sweet.Great experience. We are not in this neighborhood very often but we will certainly come back next time we take our car for service : )
4	Denny's is always been a favorite places  easy cheep and  great service.
4	They've just finished a major refurbishment.  Looks pretty good.  The food is typical Denny's, the servers are friendly.
5	We were very rushed today. We waited a bit for a table, but once seated, had no service for quite a while.Lena came and inquired of our drink order has been taken. We told her it hadn't, and she offered to take it, while explaining how slammed they'd been, and that she'd been scheduled to leave at 6, but was staying to help out.She offered to take our food order, and get it put in right away. We received our food very quickly.The efforts of this wonderful woman made our day considerably less stressful, and she should be highly commended.P.S. I love the new decor
3	It's Denny's, it's consistent.  Good service, updated menu.  Enjoyed my tilapia & veggie meal.
2	Dennys has changed their delicious chicken fried steak to a formed meat product brick EPIC FAIL!!!!!!
5	I cant tell you how many times ive eaten at Jenny's late at night on various substances and completely enjoyed myself. The service at this particular dennys is exceptionally friendly and the food is way better than ihop
4	Yes, this is a Denny's.  It is not a restaurant at the Four Seasons!  But not all Denny's are created equal.   This restaurant has recently been updated and it is very nice.  It is very clean.   The servers seen to like their jobs. While the food is general Denny's fare, they are constantly adding new menu items. If you have not been to a Denny's for a while, give this one a try.  You will be pleasantly surprised.   Remember,  however,  it still is not the Four Seasons!
1	This place had such poor service I waited over 15 min for someone to come n I'm guessing she was coming from break her name mijerna it seem she alone took care of everyone while the other waitress were walking around like if no one needed food they should learn from her
5	I have eaten here many times the staff is great and friendly. The remodeling gives this place the old time at home dinner feeling. Love to meet here for business or just meeting friends. Wish the rest if them were like this one. Can't beat the speed of service any place in town. This location is one of the after bar stops and gets extremely busy after 1 am nightly. It is well worth th wait.
4	We always go to this Denny's.. but we usually dine in..Tonight I dropped in for take away.A server named Rachel took my order and helped when what I wanted was no longer on the menu.. she made it possible for me to order it anyways.I didn't check the order before leaving the restaurant..It was perfect except the kitchen neglected to include my bread.My family is kind of particular about certain things and we almost always special order. All the "special" orders were remembered and the server was awesome.I was out the door, food in hand within 12 mins of placing the order.The only reason they didn't get 5 stars was the meals were a little on the small side and the forgotten bread.You always know what you'll get with Denny's food, but the service can be dodgy. Tonight it was beyond good and Rachel rocks!!!
4	Dennys is your basic diner. It's great for what it is. I often order take away when I've had to work late. Not to many choices after 10pm.Friendly service and you almost always run into someone you know. This dennys is virtually a landmark even with the remodeling.Jenny's/ gay dennys/ or just plain 7th st dennys. However you know this place, expect a decent meal for a decent price.
4	Since when did EVERY restaurant (and grocery store) start closing for Christmas?  We couldn't cook food we didn't have so we looked for someone, anyone to cook for us and the only thing open was Denny's. Packed, 35 minutes for our food, order-to-table, the food was absolutely delicious. Really delicious. Rarely does the actual food TASTE like it looks, but this Denny's- on this day - did a fine job!Last, I was tempted to order a double cheeseburger. I didn't because I thought there's no way it'll be as good as the picture. But as we were leaving a large tray of food passed us by and, OH MY GOD!  The double cheeseburgers looked EXACTLY like the pics!  Big!  JUICY!!I'll be back. No greater compliment can be paid a restaurant, right?
