5	I couldn't be more pleased with MVS. I am currently working in Australia and when my gorgeous Golden Retriever (still in the US, staying with a friend in WI) was diagnosed with cruciate tears in not just one but BOTH knees, I panicked at the thought of dealing with everything long distance. But I soon discovered that the decision to have his surgery at MVS was the right one. Dr. Silbernagel has done such an excellent job - the first surgery went smoothly and my boy's caregiver reports that he is so much happier and so much more comfortable that she can barely keep him "rested" as he recovers. It sounds like he is a whole new dog! His second surgery is coming up soon and I am so relieved that he is in such good hands.
5	After being evaluated by my local veterinarian twice, I took my dog to see Dr. Silbernagel as his left hind leg was not improving and he continued to limp.  I suspected a torn CCL and in just seconds (literally) Dr. Silbernagel confirmed my worst fears.  He is a wealth of knowledge and took significant time in explaining the injury, the surgery process and options.  My husband and I decided on the more expensive TPLO surgery as my dog is still young and there is little to no chance of a re-injury.  The surgery went as expected and my dog is recovering nicely. Dr. Silbernagel took extensive time explaining the discharge instructions and he even personally called the next day (and I believe even the day after that) to check on how our dog was doing and to answer any additional questions.  I was never made to feel as if I was bothersome when I would call with questions, and Dr. Silbernagel always personally took the calls and answered them.  I would highly recommend this very gifted surgeon and compassionate veterinarian to anyone.
5	Well, this is actually my second review for this place.  And, it's been an expensive year for my little dog!  I took my dog to my local veterinarian after he stopped eating and was acting very lethargic.  My vet sent us home with a prescription on a Friday.  On Saturday, I knew that he needed a specialist as he was no longer drinking.  We happened to be going to Madison anyway, so I called the clinic and explained what was going on and that we had to meet my family for lunch later that day.  The staff were very responsive and assured us that we could leave our dog with them while we attended our family function.  It just so happens, Dr. Bates, the internal medicine specialist was on duty this day.  She recommended starting with an abdominal   ultrasound which they performed while we were gone.  When we returned, Dr. Bates spent a significant amount of time with us, explaining her suspicions and what the next course of action should be.  She recommended a return visit the following week for an endoscopy.  She suspected there was something that wasn't digested in his gut.  Lorenzo returned that following Tuesday and sure enough, there was a whole, peeled baby carrot and a large wad of grass trapped in his abdomen!  Dr. Bates was able to remove the carrot/grass-berg from his stomach without surgery and took tissue samples.  She was prompt in returning the results to me and even called me tonight at home as we haven't been able to connect during the day! Wow.  Awesome vets--awesome staff--so competent, meticulous.  If you ever suspect something serious is going on with your pet, bypass your local vet and go straight to this clinic.  They are top notch.  Thank you so much Dr. Bates and Dr. Silbernagel!  (Hopefully this is my last review of this place, though!) :)
5	I was recently at this vet twice as my cat was hospitalized and cared for overnight for emergency urinary tract problems. Based on my experiences with other emergency vet care in Madison, I felt compelled to write a review. Overall, I felt that I was an important part of the team during my visit. There was no unnecessary separation from my pet or guessing what was next. Importantly, the staff's compassion towards animals and their owners came through loud and clear. Here are some of the thing that stood out to me and that I really appreciated:- Caring, professional and knowledgeable front desk attendants. - All of the staff I interacted with were calm and compassionate.- After my cat was given a pain reliever/mild sedation, the vet offered that my cat could be in the room with me while waiting for it to take full effect. I was able to hold him and keep him calm. I was so happy and grateful for this.- The staff made it clear to me that I could call anytime. When I did call, the vet was always available to give me an update and answer any questions I had. I really didn't expect that they'd have the time for that. - When it came time to look at estimates, things were very clearly presented to me with a low and high cost. The vet went over this with me made a huge difference in what questions I could ask and how it was explained. Vet bills are always so hard to stomach, but I was felt more receptive to the costs because of the level of care I was experiencing. - Through the night, the vet kept in touch as necessary and even explained when his shift was changing as it related to transitioning care. - After deciding to keep my cat under further care, another vet took over and continued the same level of expertise, care and attention that I had experienced. She was available via phone for updates, and ultimately responsible for returning my cat to his normal, happy condition. I felt completely comfortable with her decisions and her care.- When it was time to go home, my cat didn't want to go in his crate. The vet offered that I could come back and handle it so he would be comforted. Then, she advised the staff to leave the room so he could relax. Low and behold he came right to me after they left and went right into his crate. I will definitely be returning to this facility for emergency care, and would highly  recommend it.
