4	The only place I go to get my racket strung.  if you bring your own string its a reasonable 12 bucks.  If not they just string it included with the price of the string.  I used to have Dean and Darren do it.. Last time there Lew did it.... all 3 guys that have strung for me there do an amazing job... very consistent.   For Golf, its a great place also.  a lot of knowledge and good service.
2	Customer service= Terrible. Went there to get my racket restrung and the guy was rushing me and when i asked for help he gave me attitude. I like their selection of Tennis stuff. Sport Chalet has a better environment and staff are way more friendly! I dont know if I will come back here.
4	I have to admit, I always mistakenly assumed because they were a fancy specialty store and were located in the district that their prices would be unreasonable . I've become pretty familiar with prices on golf stuff lately, and this place actually has some of the best prices in town. On many items they are far cheaper than Golf Galaxy or Dicks! Besides being cheaper, they also have a nice setup for testing golf equipment. Their selection isn't huge like Golf Galaxy, but they have enough stuff to get you started. My experiences shopping here have been pleasant, and I'm pleased such a nice shop that's close to home is price friendly as well!
1	I walked in with the intent of purchasing gloves and shoes. When I walked in I was greeted by the girl at the desk and everything was going well. The turning point was when I was looking at shoes, homie the clown comes up and asks if I need any help with any sizes. I said, "Yeah, do you have any more of sizes in this shoe?" and then he goes, "Oh, I was about to tell you that everything we have is on the floor and we don't have any in the back." I thought to myself, "Well then why the hell did you ask me if I needed help with sizes?" The tip of the iceberg began when he came back while I was trying on some shoes and I noticed the sign they had on the top shelf with regards to getting a free pair of Adidas Slips (the slip on sandal) with purchase of any AdiComfort shoe. Not realizing I had an AdiComfort shoe, I asked if that was applicable to the shoe I was considering purchasing or the more expensive shoes. He had NO CLUE what I was even referring to nor did he even know the answer. After realizing I had the shoe that the sign was talking about, I told him "Oh nevermind, it is this shoe." He took the sign down and asked his superior and came back to tell me that the special isn't in force or active and then proceded to tell me how "observant" as if that made it any better. I dismissed it and said I would be purchasing the shoes. After a minute, I thought about it and wondered why the hell, if you had the sign up, are you not going to honor it, or even offer me some sort of alternative?At that point I decided I was not going to give my business to such poor customer service and bailed. Point of the review; go somewhere else.
