2	It is by far the cheapest motel in the town. Is it worth the price of $50 though? Well I'll let you decide. -Ugly flat screen with basic channels-Extremely dilapidated-Decent beds although there was dog hair all over the pillows -NO WIFI AT ALL****-No morning breakfast-No laundry-Bathroom is ugly and far from spacious -Old and dirty look-See through shower curtain(wtf?)I will say this. I believe fully that the owners have done the best they could for what it is. But at the end of the day it's just not a good motel. We called in two hours before we arrived and reserved a room and they didn't have us down when we showed up! They told us that they would put us in a room for now but that they might have to move us! Also, the air conditioning was warm at best. I haven't even slept yet and I couldn't even imagine sleeping under even a sheet.   We stayed at the best western before right down the road and that was a pretty awesome hotel. The first best western ever built in the country I was told! It had the old Wild West feel and was well maintained. Very very spacious. I recommend staying there, it's worth the price.
5	I was looking for a motel for my dad to stay in for the night to get a shower, a bed abs just rest. He'd been camping for 5 months since he lost his home and everything in the big Yarnell,AZ fire. The camping is his choice but every now and then he likes to get a room. I called around for reasonable rates, early check-in and maybe a senior discount. Motel 8 was like $80 & they actually gave me the number to Log Wagon Inn. Thought that was very nice of them. When I called the lady was VERY nice! She said $50 cash! I knew dad would be happy with that. Needless to say, he loved the place!! The staff was very nice to him and he talked with the same lady I did. I want to say her name was Sheila, but I have such a bad memory. I just want to say thank you to them for being so nice and so helpful! I would love to check it out when we come to AZ.Thank you!Sincerely,April HaselbuschAnd my dad who stayed there, Chuck Roberts
2	Small simple place to stay cheap only paid $50. Only place there was to stay due to snow storm. Owners where very nice but if your looking for a place to stay that's nice don't go here could use a lot of tlc. Shower tiles where cracked and broken. The wall near the bed was tagged. The bed omg my back is killing me, it's so soft you fall in and sink. The only source of heat was a plug in heater which at the cold low temp of 20's didn't do a thing. We had to take all the blankets from second bed pill on the on and than wear all our clothing and jackets huddled together trying to stay warm. If you have a choice stay somewhere else.
