1	I usually like Pizza Hut, but every time I have ordered food from this location, the pizza has been burned and the wings undercooked... How does that work?!  I finally gave up and stopped ordering from there all together!  I go to Dominos! Great Pizza at Dominos!!!
1	This is the worst Pizza Hut I have ever been to. I was up-charged for something I didn't order. When I asked for it to be corrected it was done wrong again, given the wrong change and had the drive thru door slammed in my face. Asked to speak to the manager and he was extremely hostile. He took my change, receipt and food. After some time I asked for a refund and was told that wasn't possible, too much paperwork. Asked for his supervisors number and was told he was the highest manager, there was no one above him. Right. I went to the next Pizza Hut and asked for the regional manager number. I left the food at the restaurant because I was no comfortable eating it after he took it back to correct their mistake. Not sure what could have been done to it.The young girl at the window did get it wrong twice, but the example the store manager gives is piss poor and is the issue. I hope Pizza Hut sees who they have working for them and speaking on their behalf because according to this store manager, Tim, he's the owner and CEO of the company. I highly doubt that.
4	During my kitchen remodel I ate at pizza hut a lot more than I ever intended to. It actually got to the point where the guy working knew who I was. I don't remember the mangers name but he's a cool dude and once when there was an issue with a payment he helped me out. Now that my kitchen is done I don't eat there often but I do make sure to buy a pizza at least once a month with those guys.
1	Don't go here!!!Not only was the pizza undercooked...as in soggy raw crust, the service was incredibly rude.  My family waited one hour and 45 minutes for this inedible garbage.I called the location multiple times while waiting with the last call being to cancel the order.  The "manager" that answered not only yelled profanities at me she also hung up on me.I went personally to the store the next day demanding a full refund which I received with multiple apologies. I don't care how sorry you are at the way I was treated or how crummy the product was.   I will NEVER order from this establishment again.
1	Listen to other poor reviews. This is the worst Pizza Hut I've ever gone to. The lobby closes at 8:30 and they make you pick up through a drive thru which gets backed up quickly.  The service is extremely rude.  The store is very sketchy.  I contacted Pizza Hut corporate 3 times regarding an unsatisfactory experience but not once got a reply from the store.  This store does not care about customer satisfaction or making things right... They just want your money.  Do yourself a favor and stay far, far away from this specific Pizza Hut location.  Unless they begin to turn things around, I expect eventually they will be forced to shut down this store location.
1	I admit that I have gone here a couple more times than I should have, but I always come back . . not for the service, but for the convenience. I've yet to go into this location and not have to wait for someone from the back to come in ever so slowly. The people here seem to have no care at all, and are very carefull as to not show you one smile. the service is terrible, the pizza/wings are usual.
