3	I can't say the food here is great, because I was simply too busy having fun to try much of it.  The few tidbits I tried were very good.... but one does not go to a venue like this for fine dining.  The evening was all about the friends, the music, and the cocktails.... in that order.  The layout of the place is excellent for being social.  the oversized booths were easy to hop in and out... talking to friends along the way. There were separate spaces for several parties and no one was in anyone's way... but if there weren't private parties, everyone could easily converge on the dance floor.  They could use a little longer bar, but they did well with what they had.  Clubs are all about the mingling and the entertainment.  They do a good job of both.  Too bad I couldn't post video....
5	Too,.....Tooo Much!  Incredible service, atmosphere, skillcraft in art (LIVE), and what terrific Jazz and DJ galore!The drinks are generous, full bodied women, men, and dancing space!Motif is spit-spot!  How I loved  mingling with the well crafted people of all sects and genders!  I HOPE I AM THE FIRST TO YELP THIS PLACE!!!!   LOVE YA ALL!!!!!
4	I have a bias.... I have been living in the valley for a long time and this place now resides in the spot that was once The Famous Door. That place was the shit... for a long time. Coming here even reminded me of how the spot next door used to be The Downside Risk - a cool stock exchange themed restaurant/bar. Both of these places did good business and since they were changed to something else, neither have seen any sort of success. I used to love Downside Risk - I would go there with my father who was ill (terminal cancer) and have beer battered chicken and drinks. It's one of those places that means something to me emotionally. So going to the former Famous Door strikes a chord. Seeing the joint (whatever it is now) empty on a Friday night is just sand kicked in the face since they might as well have kept it as the Downside Risk. With Lyte though, they seemed to be doing something right... Basically, they opened it up from the Famous Door days, and the place is now fairly clean and swanky. It seemed a little too "Scottsdale" to me - i.e. "fancypants" - but it's a nice spot. They have some nice comfy booths that would be fantastic for groups of friends and a large enough dance floor/mingling area. My only complaint would be that the booths and curtains should be darker - similar to Chez Nous - to pull in a bit more of an eclectic crowd rather than trying to attract the d-bag/botard scene.The food was a mixture of fantastic and kinda bad. I'd say we had enough amazing food that we can forgive the not-so-great parts of it. The drinks were fine - I was the only one in my group that had mixed drinks, and mine were kinda weak. Aside from that, I heard no complaints. The service was good too - the girls working here are all extremely attractive. I wouldn't suggest coming here to hit on the staff, but if you want something pretty to look at while you're having a drink, then this is definitely a good spot. I think the girl who served me called me "sweetheart..." it was sweet. I hope my girlfriend doesn't mind.Since I was here for an event, I'm not sure my assessment of the place is completely reliable, but based on what I saw from a non-event perspective, I'd say this is a decent club. I think it could be a place for the cool kids to go who want to get away from the cunts who hang out across the lot at Axis and Myst. It's even nice enough for me to forgive the fact that their existence is only possible because of the death of The Famous Door. Go check it out...
3	Ok, let me just say that I appreciate Lyte hosting the Yelp event and I fully intend on going back to see it on a regular night....in fact I'm reserving full judgment until I do so.  But naturally I have a few thoughts.  Mainly...what is going on here?So there are these "swanky" (I use the term loosely because it seemed really poorly done) booths with a white and black theme.  Kind of like Sky Bar but not nearly as nice.  Then you have a TV with a Wii.  And then a corner with graffiti art.  And a guy painting.  And a huge picture of Marilyn Monroe.  A jazz band. And a DJ.  Belly dancers.  Showcases with liquor bottles in them.  It was really really bizarre.  I'm not quite sure what Lyte is going for here.  I mean they have like four or five concepts going on at once.  If you're going to do swanky lounge you have to commit to it.  Go all out.  I do enjoy me a swanky lounge.  Furthermore if you're going to go that route....serve champagne.  What is a lounge without champagne?  I thought with the jazz band there would be more tables and chairs to relax but I think they cleared them for our event.  When we walked by later in the evening there was house music playing. (And the pamphlet we picked up said that as well)  Although the bathroom attendant told my husband its normally hip hop.I can't really comment on the food because there were limited vegetarian options.  Everything had turkey bacon or chicken or beef tenderloin....I just ended up having a few pieces of toasted pita with guac and hummus.  I'm really not quite sure what is going on here.  Lyte is trying to be so many things at once.  I've been to a lot of good, well done restobars and this just isn't nearly as good as others.
4	This place is pretty darn cool!  The place has an open layout, and the staff here is friendly and cool.  Kind of a modern look to it.  It seems like that even though most of the fun happens inside, I got the feeling that you can take the party outside as well.  I thought I saw a few people hanging out by the front door, as I entered and as I left.  If it gets to loud inside, and you really want to talk to someone, it seems like you can carry it outside as well.The had some really cool belly dancers, and that was impressive.  Seemed like a great place.  I would love to return.On the downside, the food was okay, not bad, but not awesome.  Plus, they really didnt seem to have a huge wine selection.  I got the impression that thier bar is more liquor based then anything else.  Thats fine, but for me, I think I'm turning into a wino, and I have to get my drink on from time to time and mix it up!
3	Last weekend, Digestif. This weekend, Lyte. Scottsdale establishments seem to be having a hard time lately deciding exactly what they are.The location of Lyte is good, as it way from the main Scottsdale scene.  Plus it is next to Crown Room, so you can go to two places in one night.  Lyte is a good place for socializing as there are some large tables with couches, a large open floor, and a smaller area with tables and chairs seperated from the rest of the place by a curtain.  Other than that, I have no idea what Lyte is actually going for. There was a jazz band that was playing for most of the time we were there and then it switched to house music. The couches were black and white and gave me the impression that Lyte was trying to go for an upscale mod vibe, but then they had a TV with a Wii that you could play. There was an artist painting in the corner where there were graffiti covered walls and there were paintings of Marilyn Monroe and Audrey Hepburn for sale.  To top it all off, there were belly dancers with swords and fire.  I'm not sure if Lyte is trying to be a lounge, an art gallery, or a performance space. One of the passed appetizers was delicious...it was the one with chicken on a tortilla chip with hummus perhaps. The other appetizer I tried was either chicken or turkey on a stick with a rosemary and sage rub, which was good but not excellent.  The staff at Lyte was good, starting with the friendly bouncer at the door and continuing with the nice waitresses who came around with the appetizers, albeit I don't think at times they knew 100% what they were serving.I will give Lyte another chance another night, but it's not on the top of my places to hit up the next time I am in Scottsdale.
3	I liked Lyte and the fact that they hosted us Yelpers, but like others have mentioned this place is confused.  As I mentioned in the event review, the major highlight is the layout which made mingling very easy.The food here was ok: there was the bacon-wrapped asparagus and the bacon-wrapped prawns.  At this rate, I was expecting bacon-wrapped scrambled eggs and bacon-wrapped bacon.  Luckily there were more inspired tapas in store for us. My favorite of the tapas-style finger foods were probably the Cajun sausage glazed in molasses.The bar/lounge is a mish mash of random themes in decor and entertainment:  a corner for graffiti art, luxe lounge with plush white/black banquettes, belly dancers, Wii in one corner, jazz band  in another corner, techno/house music later and the overly played out retro wallpaper you see everywhere nowadays.  Something for everyone would be a positive way of looking at Lyte.  But the execution seemed a little insecure - uncertain of what it wanted to be.This confusion extended to the glassware as well.  Every time I ordered a drink (raspberry vodka and soda) it came out in completely different sizes from small to a large pint glass as if they just used any old glass that was clean. I would go back, but out of the three places I went to that night, I would be more likely to go to the other places over Lyte.
3	First of all, take away the Scottsdale from this place. Please! Take away the snobbery, the over-priced designer schwag, the rippling muscles reeking with insecurity and the overly obnoxious chicks with Daddy issues... and well, you have a Lyte Lounge I'd be happy to frequent. First off, I'm not a drinker of cocktails. But, Lyte does offer some tasty beers - like Peroni, Pilsner Urquell, Newscastle, Stella... so, there are definitely options! I like the decor - the art on the walls, the invitation for the resident artist to paint during the night. I like the high-back horse-shoe white booths. I like the open floor. I like the bar area, which warps back to the private lounge. I like the patio, which has an outdoor bar and fireplace. I even like the bathrooms - clean! Most of all, I like the "Wii Lounge" there - available in a sort of "private" lounge area, elevated and tucked in the corner, overlooking the rest of the patrons. Yes, I could easily like this place. I mean, the music offers a wide variety. When I was there, I heard a singer/songwriter, a band playing "big band" style tunes and a DJ throwing down some serious dance tracks. I liked the music very much so! (Some would say it has an identity crisis, but I prefer to look at is as VARIETY!)But, let's face it, this is still a Scottsdale lounge. And for that reason alone (because we all know what a Scottsdale lounge is and what kind of people it attracts), I HIGHLY doubt I'll ever go back. Too bad... because I could see myself really, really liking this place. I think the ONE AND ONLY TIME I'd come here is earlier in the evening (around 8:30) before heading to my final destination, whatever they may be. But, let's be real. Am I really going to go out to Lyte Lounge before heading someplace else? That's doubtful.But, for all those in favor of a night out in Scottsdale, this is a good place to stop. It's right next to Crown Room and lends itself to a short walk to other places, like Drift or Myst. Not a bad place to be, if you're a bar/lounge trying to make it in the Snottsdale Circuit.
3	r.i.p.
