5	I had my first massage with Trinity last week and she did an excellent job. She is a petite woman, but she is strong and really did a great job easing my sore muscles. She has a very peaceful, comfortable way of working with you and immediately makes you feel relaxed. I think she does healing at many different levels. I definitely will recommend her to anyone looking for a top of the line, healing massage.
5	I received two free massages with Trinity with the Dark Star Yoga membership.  Thai massage was highly recommended and I decided to go for it.  It was everything I thought it would be and more.  It is not a typical reflexology massage, Trinity stretches and works the muscles by way of not only applying pressure but also by placing the body in yoga-like shapes to enhance the effect on the muscle.  I felt unbelievably light after the massage, I also thought that Trinity worked on the posture alignment - whether it was intended or not, as I noticed my body moved in a different way with much less effort.  I felt much relaxed, this technique opened and stretched my muscles in a way regular massage just does not do.  It was such a treat, and I would highly recommend Trinity's services.  She is an excellent and talented massage therapist.
4	I am a very experienced massage enthusiast, getting a massage almost weekly for a few years. I have had massages in at least 8 countries including Taiwan, China, Thailand, the USA and various European countries. I really enjoyed the massage here. The ambiance is great and the masseuse is very charming. However, her skill is very good for Phoenix and she is most likely one of the best if not the best here, she has some room for improvement and further training. Her massages are incredibly relaxing, but I also like a lot of pain. I am a masochist on the massage table. I want physical therapy not some light stretching and muscle massage, but a real deep pain fest. So this lady, was just super relaxing and not painful enough for me. I would still definitely go back though and I do recommend her, just not the best massage I have ever had, but then I am masochistic and not like most.
5	I had some lower back problems as I am an avid trail runner. Trinity was sensitive and provided a healing touch. Her energy was great and the massage was very therapeutic. I am excited to try her Thai Massage next. I Highly suggest you give her a try.
5	*Extraordinary * *Professional* *Magnificent* *Soothing* *Energizing*These are just a few words that describe my experience.  I received a 2 hour oil massage from Trinity and would highly recommend you do the same.  Her studio is very welcoming and soothing with pleasant music and nice inviting layout.  Trinity instantly made me feel welcome and at ease, her demeanor is the utmost of professional and her personality is congenial with a constant smile and friendly tone.   I am confounded how she packs so much power into such a petite frame.  I requested a firmer massage and was instantly surprised that it felt like a 6 foot power lifter had taken shape, I also speculate she was holding back some and could have ground me into the table.  This is not to say the massage was rough; in fact, it is quite the contrary, the knots that needed worked were thoroughly rubbed with firm, kneading and escalating expertise while the neck and traps were massaged with a gentler pressure but worked with equal expertise to relieve the knots.  Once pealing myself off the massage table where I just wanted to spend the rest of my life sipping mojito's and listening to the music (yes, that was my exact frame of mind) I felt rejuvenated, relaxed and remarkably alive and full of energy.  I had the best night's sleep I can remember in a long time and woke up with the same alive and energized feeling.  If I could make one recommendation it would be make the call and schedule an appointment and see why Trinity has an every growing and loyal following.  My next apt will be the Thai massage and will Yelp that experience as well.
