3	My husband and I drive to a lot of places, we like "cruising" the neighborhood, when we go out of town, we do the same where ever we are. We came across this gas station, it's got to be the biggest gas station/store we have found. It's got very tall overhead covered pumps, I guess a RV would fit without problems, there are also at least 16 pumps, maybe more, I didn't really count them. Then once you go inside, the store doesn't look this big from the outside, but once inside, there is so much space and the selection of items, almost mini market. The soda fountain area is huge, with every kind of soda included in the fountain. There is fresh donuts, fresh coffee, hot chocolate and hot tea. The bathrooms are clean and spacious, like at any truck stop area. They have fresh sandwiches, hot dogs and nachos. The wall of cold storage is full of choices for can or bottle soda, energy drink, water and of course beer. There are isles of snacks like chips and candy. It must be just about anything you could want for snack, drink or beer and if you are in need of diapers, they got that too. If you come across one of these stations/store, stop in and take a look around, it's truly amazing!
5	great store and super quick service. I buy qt gas as much  as possible to sorry the politically owned business instead of the big corporations. buy the qt book, they share their great, successful philosophies. good reading.
5	This is my regular stop for decent priced gas and an occassional soda. Much cheaper gas than what is in Scottsdale.
5	Very good store, fast employees. They had a new guy who really slowed things down there a while ago, but it looks like he's up to speed now.
4	Love QT's free air!
5	Freaking love the QT's It is nice to hear them welcome you everytime, it is nice to get through the line quickly. Most of all I like the drinks. I use a little bit of vanilla, cherry and then some diet Dr Pepper. I use a QT reloadable card so I can just hand it over, slide the card and walk out. I have also purchased a sleeve of 32oz cups, lids and straws. Perfect for a party or a road trip.
5	Sad when the white cherry icee flavor is out of commission other then that I always leave happy
5	we go here almost every Sunday because my husband play softball for his work at the park nearby.  I get really fast good service.
4	This QT is big, clean, spacious, with great stock and really easy to get from/to the highway.  Hard to know it's even here if you're on the highway, but it's one of the most convenient gas/stores on this stretch of SR-101.  Always fast service too.
5	I love quick trip. They just added hot food to the already amazing offering. Honestly, it reminds me a bit of the Wawa I recently visited in PA. The touch screen order system for the hot food. I wish they had sandwiches like Wawa. This location is always clean, and there are serious amounts of hustle from the staff. This is my morning drink stop, and wasEcstatic to move back to a neighborhood with a quick trip on my morning commute.  Also, after 4pm all pastries are half off.  I love hitting the pastry jackpot and getting a muffin on the way home. QT for life!!
