4	They have been open about 2 months in the New York New York Casino in Las Vegas.  MyVegas on Facebook just started offering a 2-for-1 deal, so I cashed in 5,000 Loyalty Points for a voucher good for $11 off.  They don't have a website or a menu on the casino website yet.  There were about half a dozen sweet and half a dozen savory crepes offered.  We ordered at the cash register and picked up the food on the other end of the counter.  You can watch your crepe being made.My friend chose the Breakfast Crepe and I had the Ham and Cheese Crepe.  The crepe was large and slightly doughy.  I'm used to a thinner, lighter, dryer crepe.Next time we would order one savory and one sweet crepe and share the two.  We will be back.
3	This is a no-frills restaurant that serves a variety of crepes (sweet and savory), one type of waffle, Krispy Kreme donuts, and some drinks. I opted for the waffle because it was $6.99. Their sweet crepes were $8.99, and their savory crepes were $9.99. The crepes were a bit too pricey for me, as well as their Krispy Kreme Donuts ($1.75 per donut). The waffle was very plain. I asked for my whipped cream on the side and got a small ice cream scoop of it. She sprinkled some powdered sugar on top. Butter, sugar-free syrup, and utensils were self-serve.The waffle was decent, but it didn't taste spectacular. If I come back here again, I'll try their crepes.
3	Nice light food which is a good break from everything else Vegas has to offer. Buffalo chicken is really good, ham and cheese is decent, bacon and egg is good but too cheesy.I stopped by a few times because its fast, not chain food and pretty tasty/cheap.
4	This newly opened crepe shop is tucked back into the adorable New York New York casino. We used 5,000 points from our MyVegas app (seriously, check out this app for awesome vegas freebies) to get the buy one get one deal on the crepes. There were about 6 sweet crepes to choose from, we tried the strawberry crepe filled with tons of fresh strawberries and Mascarpone  cheese. We also ordered the cannoli crepe. Sweet crepes run about $8.99 and savory crepes are about $9.99. Both crepes were great; huge and very decadent. If these puppies don't satisfy your sweet tooth, I don't know what will. Minus one star because I thought the batter was a little thick for my liking.
3	Well, these crepes are overpriced and less than authentic, but that's all right with me. They were tasty and quick; a decent breakfast when you want more than Starbucks but less than a sit down restaurant. Really, this is a food court and you're getting basically what I'd expect to get in a mall. There are cafe tables near the storefront, so grab one of those if you can. There aren't many, so you might have to stake one out. On that same note, don't linger and chit chat once you've finished eating if people are waiting.As for the crepes, they are substantial enough to fill you up for the morning and most of the afternoon. They're thicker than I expected, but I don't care, they still tasted good and I'm not some kind of crepe snob. The one I got was chock full of scrambled eggs, cheese, and bacon. Not the best I've ever had, but totally acceptable. Split one with a friend if you're planning on having lunch, or eat the whole damn thing yourself because you're in Vegas.
4	On a recent (and my first) trip the Las Vegas, 48th and Crepe somehow became my go-to spot.  We were staying at New York-New York, so in the morning (or around noon, to be honest) when it was finally time to eat something, this was a quick enough option.  They have breakfast crepes, so it gave me the breakfast I wanted without much hassle. I had the egg and bacon crepe for my first two trips.  I also had a sweet crepe with Nutella on my third (and final) trip here.You order at the counter, then wait for them to call your name.  It is a little bit pricey for a crepe, but I think most restaurants in hotels are overpriced. The staff was nice and friendly.  On the first day (Saturday morning), there were quite a few people waiting for crepes, but it still only took about 15 minutes, which was fair to me.  The crepe wasn't totally the best thing ever, but it was good!!!  It was large and full of food, so it was more than enough and kept me full for quite some time.48th and Crepe doesn't have it's own seating area, but there are tables scattered throughout the area it is in.I also appreciated their service on my last visit there, because they had accidentally added strawberries to my banana and Nutella crepe.  (My friend had ordered her's with strawberries, which was an upcharge.)  Opposed to throwing it out and starting over, charging me, or just not acknowledging it, they informed me they had put strawberries on it and asked if I still wanted that or another. (I love strawberries, so of course I happily took it.)  I appreciated that and the fact that the crepes hit the spot every day I spent in Vegas!
4	This newly open creperie dishes out some yumm crepes.They have a great mix of sweet and savory crepes.I tried their banana with Nutella crepe and it was absolutely sinful.Most of them are in the range of 8.50-9 and I think they are totally worth itGive them a shot.You wont be disappointed.
3	The crepes here were a bit odd.  I didn't like the texture or the taste of the batter. My friend and I split a breakfast crepe.  We got the sausage and egg crepe.  It was definitely a good size to fill you up.  The crepe wasn't horrible just a bit off than what I would normally taste from other crepe places.  The dough was just really off and threw the rest if the taste off.  I wouldn't come back unless they changed their crepe batter.
3	My family loves crepes. In fact, I have a well worn crepe pan at home. Parisian crepes or Tokyo crepes, love them both. With that said, this place serves up average crepes. I agree with other Yelpers that they are a bit on the thick side. My family shared a Nutella and cream filled crepe. It was satisfying. I can't believe I'm saying this, but there was too much Nutella overwhelming the crepe. If you are craving a crepe, you will be satisfied. But, for the price (even for Vegas), you might feel like you wished you had gone elsewhere.
3	Crepe shop in New York New York. They serve sweet and savory crepes to order.  The breakfast Crepe was  a bit too bland. The cannoli Crepe was sweet heaven. Good for a quick stop for a bite while gambling.
3	Came here for breakfast twice.  It's located in the New York New York, and they have a wonderful mix of sweet and savory crepes.  My favorite was the vegetarian and my girl went with the breakfast crepe for both visits.  The crepes were tasty and very filling, good for a meal or snack.  Now, they weren't the best crepes I've ever had, but they were enjoyable.  I'd come back.
4	Oh wow! My husband and I ordered two breakfast savory crepes. Bacon, egg, and cheese in a crepe! Honestly we probably could have shared... (The crepe was almost as big as your head) but we didn't... We over ate, lol. It was so good... Real eggs and bacon. Really nice ladies running it that morning too. Definitely feel we got our monies worth.
5	Great crepes at 48th. I always stop by for a ham and cheese when I am in town. The crepes are huge and can be shared unless you are really hungry. They also serve up breakfast crepes in the morning.
1	Nasty nasty I had the ham and cheese crape the sauce and cheese tastes too artificial. A lot of crape places allow you to add fresh veggies too
5	Great value if you are looking for a good brunch on a budget. The wait can be long so send in your order ahead of time: everyone else does. One crepe could feed two unless you are very hungry. Be adventurous and order a savory and a sweet one and share with your Sweetie. The sports book is right around the corner so you can watch some games while you wait. Talk to the others that are waiting: you may find some other good deals! Much praise for the guy making the crepes. He had three griddles going and kept the extensive line moving. He was awesome!
4	This place has awesome crepes. I recommend the "Savory" crepes. The sweet ones are REALLY sugary.
3	I would have to say this crepe place is just OK. Nothing special about it, they did have a ton of options but I found my crepe to be just mediocre. I ordered the healthy omelet with egg whites. I guess I should have gone with a more sweet option than savory. The line was pretty long, wasn't sure if the cashier was just taking a while to ring people up or the actual crepe making themselves were the hold up. The crepe chef was amazing and fun to watch while she spread the mix onto the hot plate. I would try it but, not my fav. The crepe place in Paris is by far the best.
3	Customer service is so so but what do you expect when your establishment is in the New York New York casino and you cater to a-holes all day. Food is a great value. Large selection of sweet and breakfast style crepes for under $10. Good value
4	Slightly pricey, but not for Vegas. Good, and loaded with toppings. I ordered the buffalo chicken and it was piled with chicken, celery and a tasty sauce. It was the most "stuffed" crepe I've ever had. I was planning on going back and ordering a sweet crepe for my family to split, but now we're too full.
