4	Oh Whataburger, how  I recall thy tasty breakfast taquitos from my days as an undergrad at the University of Texas at Austin (and that one time that bloody crackhead came in...).Well, I recalled seeing the giant orange "W" and was craving something late night and who was there to supply the goods, but Whataburger.
3	This morning after Church found us for breakfast at Whataburger.  Having a strange family we had both breakfast and lunch items this morning.  The Burgers are hard to beat always tasty and the way you want them like add green-chilies "YUM".  The french fries and the hash brown sticks were no good this morning. "1" old and cold, started to take them back but the youngest had already eaten 2 of the sticks and put french fries on his burger (on his burger), yes, he's my kid.  The best thing we had was the biscuits and sausage gravy, always the same and only about $2.29... I think... Sausage and Egg sandwiches are OK "3", but stick to the Burger "your way"
4	Stepping into Whataburger is like stepping into a time warp....and I LOVE it! Fast food is fast food, but if I had to pick a "better" establishment, this would be it. The staff was more than accommodating, friendly, and genuinely hospitable. The girl who took our order hadn't been working there long so she needed to ask for some help, and the manager that came over to help her was patient and didn't talk down to her. She apologized to us a lot for not being very fast as she figured out the register but it didn't bother me at all. We laughed and I told her that I was super patient so it was no big deal. Later she stopped by the table to make sure everything came out correctly and we had a laugh (it had).I saw a commercial the week before for the patty melt and it had been on my mind since. It was really good (for a fast food burger). The fries were fresh, the sweet tea was good, the kids ate ALL of their food....and weren't even upset that there wasn't a toy in the kids meal.I'm so glad that we re-found this place...I now have no desire to go to any of the other fast food burger places.
2	For a fast food joint I find whataburger to be more appealing than the rest. What really sucks though is no matter how much you spend on a meal, when they come by with your meal and the condiments don't ask for ranch or bbq sauce because it's extra. This petty nickel and diming is a real big turnoff and that definitely deters me from eating here. This location is easy to access and has a drive-through, which I think most of them do but I figure not everyone reading these reviews have been to whataburger so here you go.....Burgers are good and whataburger likes to emphasize on the fact that there are thousand and one possibilities for making a custom burger. Whatever your bag is, they can make it. The fries are pretty decent, sometimes they're a bit more saltier than I like but they are good. The pies are yummy! And of course last but not least, my favorite is the honey barbecue chicken strip sandwich on Texas toast. Delish!!!! I don't stop at this establishment a lot, primarily because they don't have a lot of locations but when I do that chicken strip sandwich is my jam! Just a side note, is it just me or has anyone noticed that whataburger seems to hire people on the low end of the spectrum to work here. I get the whole minimum-wage thing but sometimes I really question the mental stability of the person taking my order. Not trying to be mean or unheartful (I made that word up) but sometimes I feel like someone's a sandwich short of a picnic if you know what I mean. Hats off to them though, because even though I feel their employees are somewhat questionable, mainly appearance- they have never messed up an order. I guess being the food connoisseur (aka food snob) that I am I probably have my standard set a bit too high when I walk into a fast food chain. Hopefully you enjoy and find my review useful as I work on my foot to mouth issue
3	So the food is good, a bit pricey if you ask me.  There are no pleasantries here, just take your order and push it out to you.  And really what is the deal with charging $0.38 for a thing of BBQ, I would think if you got onion rings or fries and you did not get ketchup you could pass over one free tub of BBQ, I mean is that really going to cut that much into your profits?
5	As good as it gets for fast food and you can have it however you like. Breakfast is good also.
1	The 1st time I ate here. My friends chicken strips tasted like sausage. The strips were replaced with chicken tasting chicken. The second time, they omitted the guacamole that I ordered. They gave me guacamole in a small paper cup. The third time I ordered large onion rings and got fries. Complained and got medium onion rings. My friend noticed that I got the wrong size. So I called the manager back. The manager thought it was a complicated order. Really, a complicated fast food order that you read off a screen. Got my large onion rings and the manager they us two free meals for the next time. The next visit was fine. Went back on 03/25/2014 and the order was fine. Then at about 6:30 PM that day I got a call from a manager. I told him the two times after the 1st three were fine. He had the audacity to falsely accuse me of trying to make him look bad. I have never had issues at a Whataburger before. I will go back to other Whataburgers. But not that Whataburger. Next time I will spend more money. For better service at Giant Burger that is in the same mall.
4	Great burger. Get it with the green chiles or better yet get the Monterey burger. Great flavor. :)
