5	My favorite coffee shop in NODA. I've been here every day since they've opened. There's always something new, creative, and quality.
5	Delicious coffee, amazing service, and the baristas are babes! Come by and give it a try.
5	Incredibly creative, unique blends and recipes. Great atmosphere and beautiful people. Can't wait to make this a regular visit.
5	They have passion for all things coffee here. The reason I like coming here is because you can see and taste that. If someone didn't like coffee, I would bring them here. It might change their mind.As for my recommendation, the macchiato... Or the iced coffee.
5	Seriously such a cool place with an awesome atmosphere and delicious beverages! I was recommended to try the butterbeer latte and it was FREAKING delicious. They certainly know their stuff here at the Daily Press CLT and you will not regret stopping by! Ask for suggestions as they are more than willing to help you out. They know their coffee! Seriously! :)
5	You know that yelp is a useful website, when it makes you aware of a place that just opened down the street before you even realize it. I will say that the Daily Press is subtly marketing itself and you could easily walk by the Evening Muse without even noticing it.That being said, the wife and I have been there a handful of times now to try an array of coffee drinks that have been creatively thought out and crafted. From cold brew coffee to a "butterbeer" latte, to exotic beans used for pour over coffees, we have tried a good variety of drinks. It's basically open during the day when the Evening Muse is on downtime. They also have a produce framers market on Saturday morning that we will have to check out sometime. The drinks are all expertly crafted, which means other than the cold brew, most drinks take some time to make. Especially if they are busy, be prepared to wait a little for your drink. With the relaxed environment and the location, which allows you to observe the corner of 36th street and North Davidson street, there should be no rush. Enjoy your time there and chill out. We can all stand to stop and smell the roses, and the coffee of course.
4	Awesome use of space during the morning while evening muse isn't in use. Good atmosphere, good coffee. Only cons: parking is always a struggle, and on a Friday morning there was only 2 people working so to get a latte took about 10 mins. So it's not exactly a place easy to run in and out for a quick cup of coffee, but if you got a minute to stop and enjoy a cup, this is definitely the place to do it.
4	My husband asked for a coffee date and we ended up here.  Amazing coffee!  I had the Lavender Iced Coffee and a vanilla cardamom donut. Love the farmer's market and the local vibe. Highly recommend this for the great coffee and atmosphere.
5	This is the best coffee I've had in Charlotte.  Daily Press is in a neighborhood with a few great places to grab coffee and this one is by far the best.  The craft of brewing coffee is the first priority here.  The coffee menu is beautifully curated with a wide variety of  locally roasted beans.  The staff is incredibly knowledgeable about different techniques and flavors. The atmosphere is relaxed and sunny during the day making it a great place to hang out and relax.
5	This place is a new favorite for me. I'm generally a black coffee only kind of person but when I go here I find myself wanting to branch out more. I've had several of their different coffee varieties, all delicious! The baristas are super nice as well just adding to a great atmosphere. Can't wait to go back!
5	With so much local coffee shop competition, I must say this shop belongs amongst the best Charlotte has to offer. Very knowledgeable, friendly staff. The coffee is just to die for, very tasty, the latte had a fruity taste to it which sounds odd, but tastes amazing. The Morning Woodward was also amazing and a genius  combination of flavors and tastes, with an after taste that leaves you wanting more. I have nothing negative to say about this shop, I've been 3 times and love each drink more than the other. With great local shops like 'Not Just Coffee' 'Central Coffee' and 'Smelly Cat' this shop belongs amongst them for sure, so happy to see yet another great Coffee Shop here in the Queen city.
5	The best coffee house in Charlotte. Lindsey is amazing! The specialty drinks are out of this world! I love being in The Evening Muse during the day. Great music, fantastic coffee; really lets call it my new office!
4	Finally got the chance to try out this new little coffee spot, had been hearing good things about it since it opened. I tried the pumpkin, honey cappuccino which was delicious. It is inside the Evening Muse which is already a pretty awesome spot and while we were there they had folks set up selling donuts and a few other goodies. Def. worth stopping by if you are in the area.
3	Am I the only person who does not want to drink coffee or tea out of a mason jar?  Also, it is a coffee shop......in a bar.......and they would not serve me a glass of wine before noon (and it was NOT Sunday).
5	Best coffee in Charlotte. Amazing staff, cool vibe, and great place to hang out during the day. Will continue to visit!
5	Had been wanting To check this place out for a while and finally did. I'd been to the Evening Muse at night before, but it was even better as the Daily Press (as in there was a place to sit haha).Worked there during the week and got a really good (and pretty) latte, a quiet sunny window and free wifi. Can't beat it.I want to try a signature drink when I go back!
5	Super inventive caffeinated beverages! I ordered the pumpkin honey cappuccino with a spiced rim and my husband got an espresso and they served it with pomegranate seeds to bring out the flavor of the espresso. Both were delicious and the temperature was perfect. Coffee shop by day, music venue (evening muse) by night. So cool :)
5	Up until a few months ago, I thought I've tasted coffee in the best ways possible. But to my surprise, The Daily Press makes coffee in even more unique ways than I've ever witnessed. Lindsey and her brew crew are experts at what they do here inside the shop. The attention to detail is clear in every single item on their menus.What sets them apart from the rest of the Charlotte community is that they take specialties to an entirely new realm that I'm now surprised to never have thought of before. Drinks infused with bitters, house-made sweeteners in a plethora of flavors, sugar-rimmed glasses - shaken, not stirred. Lindsey is a master of tastes and flavor combinations that I would have never been willing to taste myself. Sweet potato? In coffee? Citrus and lavender? Hibiscus earl grey latte...? They all sound so crazy but they all taste so - SO - good. And it doesn't even end there. These specialty drinks are made to be enjoyed in the atmosphere of the cafe. Pomegranate arils, pie crust cookies, wobbly stemless glasses - details that most other shops wouldn't dare even have in their vicinity. All that to enjoy while you sit and observe and interact with the diverse neighborhood of NoDa and take in all the sights and sounds.The Daily Press and the people who comprise it, the regulars, and the passerbys all make the place an extremely unique venture, and a very welcome addition to the Charlotte food community. I look forward to the seasons they prepare their specialty menus for, and hope they create a menu of their legendary seasonal menu items (I already miss the citrus lavender so much). If you haven't had the chance to stop by, do so immediately. They'll take great care of you.
5	I recently went by the Daily Press for the first time. I heard good things and since I just moved to the hood I wanted to check it out. I'm glad that I did. I stopped while I was in the middle of a run. The barista welcomed me when I came in and was very friendly (especially considering I was really sweaty at the time.)She got me a glass of water, then made one of the best lattes I've ever had. It was amazing, including some cool latte art. It hit the spot.Atmosphere: It's in the same building as the Evening Muse, so you get a very cool vibe walking in. Not too crowded, unlike a lot of coffee houses. Cozy.Overall, I give the Daily Press 5 stars!
5	Great place, friendly and creative people, really cool drinking and snacking options.
