4	Used their $5 VIP wash (regularly $13). Clean well lit facilities and quick service. Will definitely visit again.
5	Best value carwashFast service, top quality
4	Reasonably priced but no full-serve. The VIP wash was very effective.
4	Decent pricing, quick wash, convenient location.  Critiques: tad bit more than what I'd like to pay for a similar caliber wash, and no coins for vacuuming included with the price of the wash.
4	This was my first time coming here. To vacuum your car, you have to use tokens. The token machine takes ones, fives, and tens. After I vacuumed my car, I went through the carwash. I paid $10 for a basic wash and an underbelly flush. The staff were pleasant and helpful.
2	This was my first time visiting Clean Car Express, though I pass them all the time on my way to work. Since Monday is "Ladies Day" (meaning I got the VIP Wash including Basic Wash, Wheel Brite, Underbody Flush & Clear Coat for $10 intead of the normal $13 because I'm female), I figured this was a good day to go. I did not use the self-serve vacuums at all. While the staff were pleasant ad the automated wash was *extremely* fast (they advertise it as a "3 minute wash"), I was fairly disappointed with the results. I drove immediately from the car wash to an interview less than 5 miles away, and when I got there I had a chance to inspect the outside of the car. Yes, I know it's Winter, with lots of snow, slush & salt on the roads, and yes I know it's hard to keep a car clean for any length of time in these road & weather conditions, but C'MON!!  There was already (or still??) snow marks all over the lower half of the car (making me think there was no "clear coat"), water spots on ALL the windows & both mirrors, and well as what looked like large spots of wax or something similar on the back bumper. There was also still the same spots of bird-poop on my hood that had been there when I entered. Overall, I'm extremely dissatisfied, ESPECIALLY since I got the supposedly "VIP Wash."
5	Awesome !  Easy,  clean.   Wish open later. Very good wheel cleaning.  Great drying system !
4	Love this car wash- I go on Mondays and get the ladies pricing VIP with the rain-x treatment. Their vacuums are the best but you'll have to get coins from the machine so have a few dollars. I do wish they were open later- they close at 5:30. Also I always pick the vacuum where the people working can see me because some of the other customers can get chatty and creepy.
5	I had my car washed at Clean Car Express in May. This place  is AWESOME - having a better and longer car wash garage then typical ones. My vehicle had been transported from California to Pennsylvania and covered by dust or stain that was hard to completely remove in a regular car wash store. But my car was cleaned within just one cycle in Clean Car Express! And the price is reasonable for the result at that time. Back in California (and basically anywhere else), it is difficult for me to find a car washing store with such impressive equipment and service. The exterior of the garage is also of a beautiful cartoon style. It definitely worths a try!
5	I love Clean Car Express. I brought my car there this morning and since it was "Ladies Day" I was able to get the VIP Wash for the price of the Choice Wash. A banging $3 savings. The employee there are specially hosed down the front of my car since it was covered with bugs prior to going through the car wash. My car was super clean after! I will definitely be coming back.
