4	I love the concept. The whole social painting idea is really taking off all over and have seen similar spots pop up in several different cities so was excited to have one (then found out TWO) in Scottsdale.I purchased the groupon and brought my friend Abby for a little girls' night. I am always a sober sister and she had just found out she was knocked up so we didn't BYOB but it is a nice option. A great way to unwind a bit. Have always found art therapeutic. Except when the instructor tried to force her rough strokes on me. Guess I am just a smooth stroke kind of girl. Art of Merlot is a little more instructional than the free spirited "The Brush Bar", so just depends on what you are looking for. But either way we had a really good time and would definitely recommend it!
5	Dad (89) & I had a great time. Lots of fun! Never could match up colors to instructors & she went really fast. They do give you time to catch up & finish at the end of class. Some paintings were more impressionistic then others & you could vary colors on our 'Rose'. This would be great for a kids party or any party. Also, a great activity for groups like Red Hats...& we weren't even drinking wine. Really fun!!!
1	After visiting the Brush Bar our standard on painting and wine drinking were set high. The Art of Merlot lacks character, enthusiasms, and creativity. With no guidance you are left on your own recreating a complicated painting. For $45 you get a $3 canvas and a couple dollars worth of paint and you're expected to bring your own wine. The staff was nice enough but lacked enthusiasm and guidance that the Brush Bar had. Needless to say I would always choose the Brush Bar for a night of art and wine.
4	Went to a class for a family affair over the holidays. The owner is really sweet & the class is very social. Not really enough supplies provided for the price, but it's more about an enjoyable time with the people you're with. Plus you can bring wine or beer! The staff was witty & made painting SO easy! They are eager to help & get you anything they can. I loved the painting that is now hanging in the kitchen! Can't wait to go again next time I'm in town!!
4	Recently had an evening at Art of Merlot.  The staff was great and helped us a long.  Everyone else in the class was social and we had an absolute wonderful time.  One couple brought in a cooler which I thought was a great idea if you don't want to drink wine.I will definitely be doing it again.
5	I was looking at Art of Merlot for a potential date spot, so I signed up to check it out on my own first to make sure it was a good place. I have always wanted to learn to paint and I thought this would be a good way to have fun attempting it. Plus I have a really long plain white wall in my apartment and I thought it would be perfect for displaying art - and what better art than mine? I am a Libra so I need to be creative I took that 1pm Saturday class with a painting of butterflies in the meadow. I thought that would be cool. Really when you consider how much a canvas, paint, brushes, and an easel costs, the $45 I spent to register is a great price. The class was small - only four other people. That meant a lot of 1:1 interaction and attention on our efforts. I have seen the business on Facebook and found it hard to believe everyone was creating nice paintings - but I saw it for myself!The studio is great (parking is challenging anywhere in downtown Scottsdale), Audra was amazing with all of us and worked to make sure we were relaxed and having fun. This place rocked and was one of the best experiences. I would highly recommend it to everyone and will be coming back with a date. I don't know how I missed the Yelp event here, but I am sad I did.
5	I had read about places like these, and jumped on it when Google Offers came up with a two for one admission deal. It's a really great concept- bring your own wine and show up to the studio. During the 3 hour (or less) time frame you pretty much learn to paint your own painting in acrylics, and you leave with something that you can be proud of. It's an even neater concept because as an artist, I understand how tedious painting can sometimes really be. You lug your canvas, your easel, your paints, your brushes, your cleaning materials (I did oils, so I had to lug painter's turpentine around), AND your reference, and a roll of paper towels. Tired already? So the beauty of just... being able to show up with nothing on hand was GREAT. The instructor was friendly, and fun, and while they did show you how to do things step by step, students always had the option of putting their own twist on the paintings, so to speak. If you can't draw for crap, no fear! They give you a tracing paper and charcoal to do it with! If you wanted to freehand it like I did, well, just do it with a pencil. And really, who DOESN'T think drinking and painting is an awesome concept? Because I do. They also provided lovely glasses for drinking out of, and some students even brought food. Generally food and paint is not a good combination (toxic pigments, anyone?) but the timing of the day was such that I really did wish I had brought some. Awesome place. Not cheap, but if its in your budget definitely worth it.
4	Enjoyable, relaxed night out. Fun change of pace for date night or night out with friends. Affordable fun. BYOB. Will return.
3	My husband and I took a class here about a month ago and it was a lot of fun.  It was much more casual than I was expecting.  In the beginning everyone was silent as the instructor laid out how to use our tools and techniques to replicate the painting (Van Gogh's Red Poppies) but towards the end most people were just chatting amongst themselves.  It was fun that you could choose to try to mimic a master artist or do your own thing if you wanted to express some creativity.  And being able to do it all with a glass of wine in your hand was the best part.The only reason I didn't give them more stars is because of the price.  I think $45 a person is a bit steep for a couple of hours playing around with paint.  It is nice not to have to bring any supplies and that you don't have to clean up after yourself but beyond that, what are you really paying for?  It is BYOB after all.
5	Dolores G and I first encountered this place on the Yelp Old Town shopping crawl. She and I split a deal they were having and made a reservation a few weeks ago. The normal price is $35 for 2 hours and $45 for 3 hours. We got the 3 hours. D and I went on a Thurs night and the art of choice was a Van Gogh, I think. The red poppies one. I think it is cool that they have selected themes and they will give you something to trace the artwork on your canvas before painting. I opted for something different, and painted my rendition of a cherry blossom tree. They provided the paints, canvas, wine glasses, bottle opener, music, and instruction on the various techniques for the painting. I really had a great and came home with something I was proud to hang up!
4	Tina T and I attended an Yelp Old Town [Scottsdale] Holiday Shopping Crawl just before Christmas rolled around.  In our shopping adventures we were introduced to Art of Merlot.  We were invited to take a seat an paint a portion of a canvas that already had been started and was intended to be a collaborative piece and an interpretation of a master work by Kandinsky  (Circles).  We sat and each painted a portion of this canvas while hearing about the classes and getting a feel for the business.  Once we both dipped our brushes in the paint and they hit the canvas, our creative juices begin to flow and once we were told we could bring our own wine to drink as we painted we were SOLD.  They had a pre-holiday gift special 2/3hr sessions for $45 (typically $45 for one 3 hour session.) [They provide the supplies, instruction and CLEAN UP!!.] After perusing their web site, their calendar and our schedules, Tina and I decided on a Thursday night session.  Each session on the calendar comes with a "theme" / master work that will be presented, but they are very accommodating if your creative spirit is not feeling that sessions particular artist selection. They make it easy, and it is fun for all levels of creative ability.  It is fun to see the results after it is all said and done.  Each person really has their own take, technique and taste and the master works selected really allows for more individual interpretation and freedom than you would expect.  The wine even helps those most critical or reluctant in expressing their creative side to loosen up.  I especially LOVE the fact that they do the clean up for me!!!  Art of Merlot allows me to express my artistic and creative side without me having to worry about art space, supply issues and CLEAN UP!!!I can't wait to go again!    I did mention they CLEAN UP, for you right?
5	My wife and I are from Seattle and flew down to Scottsdale for the weekend. We stumbled across art of merlot and loved the concept. Bring wine and learn to paint! We signed up for the next night and had a great time. Instructor was very friendly and patient. The class lasts about 3 hours and its a laid back atmosphere. We have been to similar classes up here in Seattle and they did not compare to art of merlot. Great time!
3	Fun with paint and wine, what more do you really need.
5	This is the place to be!  A very large group of my girlfriends and I went here for my birthday to paint and enjoy the day.  Art of Merlot made it one of the best birthdays I've had.  Even though you are painting the same thing when you are here, they let you explore with the colors and the way you want to paint.  How can you go wrong with a place that lets you drink wine at the same time?!  The girls who work here are very helpful and attentive as well.  If someone in the room had trouble keeping up or didn't see the last painting step, they stop and let you ask your question without making you feel like you are holding up everyone else.  They give you all the supplies, including the wine glasses and bottle opener as well as painting smocks.  Around the room are the many painting choices they offer as well.  I appreciate that they walk around with a camera and take pictures of the people you are with as well because then they post them on Facebook for you to tag and enjoy.  They truly allow you to relax and enjoy your time with them.  Plus, you walk away with a nice quality canvas that you create!  Thank you Art of Merlot for my birthday fun.  I WILL be back more than once!
5	Absolutely one of the best times I've had.  I am probably the world's worst artist!  I can't even draw stick figures.  Here, with my bottles of wine...yeah I said bottles. I was able to create my very own masterpiece!  The instructors are uber friendly and patient.  I wanted to change up the colors on mine and it was absolutely okay to do so.  I was there for a friend's birthday, and had a blast!  Just show up, bottle in hand and they do the rest.  They provide everything you need and create a very open and fun environment!  Can't wait to go back!
5	Just celebrated a friends birthday party here and it was a great time! Amanda was our art teacher for our private party! She was really fun, corky :) and very helpful! I really enjoyed it! Have never painted like that before, on a canvas with someone taking you step by step. Very cool! The paint, brushes and canvas were provided and it was BYOW. I love the concept and will definitely go back again to paint something new!
1	This was a huge disappointment. I have been wanting to go here for months and last night my gf and I went and it was not good at all. The girl teaching the class did nooooooooo teaching or explaining. The entire time she kept saying it was imaginative. We came to learn not to throw paint on a canvas that looks like a mess. I could have done that at home for less money. The teacher barely spoke. She just painted while the rest of the class talked. Worst $45 I have ever spent. Will never go back unless I want to waste my money. It's said because this is my first ever review on yelp and hate that it's a negative one. But the girl even had the adasity to ask for tips....what?? She did nothing. I have been to other places in town and have loved them, stinks that I can't add this one to my list of rotation.
3	07/13/13I've wanted to try an art session at Art of Merlot ever since I had a taste of it at Yelp's Western Adventure at Fort McDowell.  I had a chance to attend a CMYE at AoM a couple of years ago at a discounted rate of $37.50, but I backed out of it at the last minute, and I now regret that decision.  Currently, the admission price per person for groups of 1 to 3 people is $45, but for a group of four, the price is $150, or $37.50 pp, inclusive of tax.  Art supplies are included, and wine glasses are provided (and yes, they're made of glass-- drinking from plastic wine glasses is a pet peeve of mine).  All you do is bring yourself and whatever beverages you'd like, as well as any apps and/or desserts you and your group may like to share with each other.Tanya, our companion/instructor is a fairly new addition to the staff, only starting work there a couple of months ago, which answered a silent question I had as to why she wasn't more responsive to my sister and my "out-loud" musings of "how to do this," or "how can I make this better," especially when there were only six people in attendance that afternoon.  Still, she was kind and friendly, attentive to seeing that we had enough glasses to use, and enough paint when samples dwindled, and offered comforting and encouraging words... It was a very fun way to spend an enjoyable afternoon, keeping cool and away from the heat!  Sis and I were already thinking of ways to help cut costs coming up with ideas of hosting painting sessions with friends and family in the near future; However, I definitely would sign up for intriguing sessions that fall on my days off (or on days I happen to have time off work)!
2	This was my second time visiting Art of Merlot. I went after purchasing a Groupon last year with a girlfriend and we had a blast! The instructor was unobtrusive and we were allowed to create but also ask questions if needed. The layout of the studio was open and uncramped. We had access to various colors and paint brushes to create out masterpieces. We were able to interact with the other participants in the class and at the end we were happy to join in a group photo inside the studio.  It was relaxing and fun.  I couldn't wait to go back. Fast forward to this past Saturday, I choose to celebrate my birthday at the studio with about 12 girlfriends and DID NOT have the same experiences. In fact, it was the complete opposite ... When we walked in I noticed that the setup was completely different, instead of the U-shaped set up that allowed for open communication and adequate space, there were long rows of tables, set classroom style, crammed into the space to point where you had to "shuffle" down the aisle to get to your seat.... not to mention that because of the increase in bodies in the room , the room was stifling. They want  you to come drink wine and paint but you can't because you are sweating and the 8 or so small, non-oscillating fans - all pointed in the same direction - do not help to circulate any air ...  first offense.The instructor was a bit too friendly, a bit too loud and a the level of instruction was a bit too much. There were no additional paint brushes or colors to play with I'm guessing it was because there was no space to move around. The instructor was also "leading" at a lightening pace so those that did want instruction were struggling to keep up. Now, granted there are some who like a strong level of instruction, I am not one of them especially  when it comes to art. And it seemed that there was emphasis on creating "cookie cutter" paintings rather than simply interpreting what you see and feel ... second offense.And finally, the amount of photos being taken was particularly annoying. I like to paint, not because I am good at but because it allows me to create, which is a stress reliever.  I like to get into my "creative" zone and let it flow which was hard to do because it seemed that every 10 minutes or so one of the staff was coming around to  stop us to take photos ... really? Then we had to hurry up and stop painting to walk halfway up the block, in the heat, to take yet another photo - this time a group shot. I was over it.My recommendation to Art of Merlot - include the skill or instruction level associated with the art work on the website so people know what to expect when selecting a class. This way those people who require lots of instruction will receive it while those of us who want little instruction and the freedom to create will have that as well. Additionally, if they are going to continue to pack people into such a small space, please purchase some oscillating fans to better circulate the air. While I enjoyed being with my friends who came out to celebrate my birthday. I would be hard pressed to go back to Art of Merlot given these changes.
5	Couldn't think of better Friday night plans than this!! Friends, art, wine.. and a little bit of craziness! Had so much fun. the staff was absolutely amazing... perfect balance of instruction and fun... the class was filled with a pretty diverse group of people and we all had a great time and the staff really created a warm, comfortable ambiance for everyone. Can't wait to go back!! Thanks Mandee for the inspiration to paint :) You guys ROCK!!
5	My husband and I got a hotel in old town Scottsdale and were really excited to explore our inner artist while sipping on our favorite wine. We could not have been happier with the whole experience. Our instructor did a phenomenal job guiding us through the process by providing clear direction while encouraging us to be creative. She kept the the mood light with her cute personality so everyone felt comfortable right away. The background music was perfect, not stuffy but not cheesy, not too loud and not too quiet. Since we brought our own food and wine it was one of the most affordable ways to have such a cool experience that we will always remember.
4	How fun is this place! My hubby took me here and it was soooo perfect! You bring your own wine, snacks and then the entire class paints the same picture with an instructor guiding you along the way. It was a wonderful date night, the class had great energy & I will definitely go back. This would even be a totally fun girls night as well! Cheers!
5	Love!! I went with 3 friends and we all had a blast. The set up was great, the staff was friendly and the instructor was helpful. I will definitely be going back to do another painting. We had a great experience.
