5	I hired Dynasty Cleaning Services for a move-out clean and they did an amazing job. I came home after the cleaning to find the house absolutely immaculate. They took the time to go above and beyond. The cleaners who came to my house were very friendly, hard-working, extremely pleasant to be around and showed up on time. I am going to use Dynasty moving forward with my new house!
5	5 STARS!!! This finely tuned and well operated family business is the best in town! Completely trustworthy and they do really excellent work!!!
5	I hired Dynasty Cleaning Services for a move out clean and they did not disappoint. The girls were very friendly, hard-working and pleasant to be around. My house was a complete mess and when they left it was immaculate. I couldn't be happier with the service! I am going to use Dynasty for my cleanings moving forward.
5	We love Dynasty Cleaning and have them refereed them to many of our family and friends!
5	Great service. Mike was professional and courteous. Best of all they showed up on time. I'm normally navigating a jammed  packed schedule and punctuallity is premium fot me. The price was good and the service was even better. I have found my guys.
5	Dynasty has provided cleaning services to me in my Las Vegas vacation home for more then a year and I can't say enough about the staff's professionalism and cleaning abilities. On the rare occasion that I need something extra done, they comply without question. I especially like when the managers stop in to ascertain that I am happy and require anything additional. Additionally, they are environmentally conscious and OSHA compliant. I work in healthcare and these are very important factors for me. Thanks Dynasty....I look forward to several more years of having your company provide me with your services.
5	I was getting my nails done and I noticed every time I went in there it was immaculate, very clean, and it always smells wonderful. The owner told me Dynasty does the clearing, and that Lina who works for them was amazing, and very nice. I hired them, but  wanted Lina to do the work. I  haven't  been disappointed ever since. Always on time and very professional, great job. I have been recommending them to all my friends and family who have businesses, and homes. Keep up the good work Dynasty!
