5	We just bought a home for the first time. Someone recommended Richard Blair to us. He was patient in teaching us, walked us through each step very carefully, was very accessible, was accurate and proactive, and was very kind and easy to work with.We would highly recommend Richard to anyone looking to take a loan to buy a home!
5	My husband and I had the opportunity to work with Richard for our first home purchase. We would not be in our home if it wasn't for him and his great team! He was very accurate and precise with all his work. We were able to be in contact through phone calls, meetings and emails for any questions that we had. It was such a smooth process for us and are so thankful to work with him. Highly recommend Richard if you are trying to get a loan for your home purchase.
5	My husband and I were incredibly fortunate to be able to work with Richard and his team for the purchase of our first home. Prior to finding Richard we searched and searched for someone with the knowledge, expertise and persistence that Richard brought to the table. We had a unique financial situation that required someone who knew the intricacies of the system and also had the patience and detail orientation to get us the loan we needed. On a personal level Richard was such a pleasure to work with: he was responsive, professional and helpful. His assistant Lia was an absolute doll, and was in touch with me almost daily re: the progress towards getting the loan and both she and Richard worked tirelessly to make sure we closed on time. We were so impressed that we recommended Richard and his team to our brother and his wife and they were just as pleased with the service they received. I would absolutely recommend Richard if you are looking for a great person to work with in securing the loan for your new home.
5	I had some clients drive into town after selling their home in Kansas. They were staying in a hotel, which isn't the cheapest way to live during a real estate escrow.Richard closed them in just over 2 weeks time!Its always a pleasure to work with Richard. He's professional and thorough--he doesn't let anything get by.
