5	Dog Boarding? Thank goodness for Sleepover Rover! When we first moved to Las Vegas, and needed to go out of town, we had to board our sweet Riley at PetSmart - we didn't know anyone or have any other alternative. While there is nothing wrong with PetSmart, it's not a home, a loving home.  Riley would have to spend most of her time in cages, listening to other lonely, barking dogs in their cages, and would not get the one-on-one attention she is used to.When I found out about Sleepover Rover, I knew this was going to be our answer!  We met with a few "host families" and were able to pick and choose which ones we felt most comfortable leaving Riley with; now we have 2 wonderful women who I love because Riley loves them! She is always so happy to see them, runs off without so much as a "good-bye" and cannot wait for her sleepover adventure.When I go away now, I do so with peace of mind, knowing she is free to roam in a welcoming home, able to be out playing with one or two other dogs of similar size and temperament, and getting all the love and individual care she needs.As I said before, thank goodness for Sleepover Rover!S. DennisLas Vegas, NV
5	Dog Boarding with Sleepover Rover is the only way to ensure your dog is treated the same or better than at home.   We have used Sleepover Rover both in N. CA and Las Vegas and have found great hosts in both locations.  We have been fortunate to find hosts that love dogs as much as we do and seem to spoil ours more that we can.  The best part of Sleepover Rover is that you and your dogs get to meet the potential hosts in advance to ensure it is a good fit for all.    We have never encountered a host that we or our dogs didn't love and looked forward to board with.  If you haven't tried Sleepover Rover, give them a call, as it will be the best peace of mind you will have if you have to leave your dog.
4	Sleepover Rover has been a great dog boarding service for me for many years.  My work requires me to travel once every few months and my dog has unpleasant memories of kennels from the period when he was in an animal shelter before we adopted him.  It is comforting to know that my dog is with people who love dogs and who give him personal attention all day long.  Sleepover Rover matched me with a lovely senior couple with an elderly shitzu.  They are home all day and I know that they take my dog for a daily walk which he really enjoys.  The Sleepover Rover staff helped me find a good home-away-from-home and they handle all the scheduling with the hosts and the payment transaction. They usually can confirm the dog stay within 24 hours.  The staff on the phone are pleasant and friendly.  They have matched me with 2 excellent hosts over the many years I have used them for dog boarding services.
