4	Beard papa is a chain from Japan. They have tons of locations in Cali but now Vegas has one! It's here finally and inside FAME at the Linq. Prices aren't the same as Japan. They average about $1-$1.50 but here it's $3 for one. So I'm probably not going to frequent it as I do in Japan but maybe once in a while. If you've never had one then it's a definite must try!
3	So the three stars are for the cream puffs itself.  The pastry is light and airy with the exterior being nice and flaky and the original vanilla filling is not overly sweet.  Perfect for those with Asian dessert tendencies.  The two stars missing are due to the chaotic service.  It took 15 minutes to get our order.  Other people who ordered after us were receiving their orders first, since they don't seem to have a good system track and fill orders.  The other really annoying part is that the music in FAME is so loud, the cashiers can barely hear the orders.  The flavors they currently have are original, cocoa, cookie, and eclair style.  This beard papa's here doesn't have near as many flavor options as the ones in Cali or Canada. Hopefully they work out their service kinks soon.
4	Finally got to try the coveted Beard Papa's cream puff!! ...well, the Vegas version at least.  I have heard about this place from one of my Cali friends and was interested in giving it a go when it opened.  Lucky for me, today was the day it opened and I got to walk in and try one of these bad boys out.  I opted for the 'Cookie' version of their cream puff and was delighted with the amount of cream in it.  There's a lot in there.. I mean A LOT. It was oozing all over my hand and onto the napkin, bursting out with creamy deliciousness.  The outer layer of the cream puff was tough and a little too rigid for my liking.  It wasn't anything like a Liliha Bakery cocoa puff where the puff was just fluffy and soft and easy to devour. No, no.. it took a few well adjusted bites to put the puff pastry down at Beard Papa's and just wasn't what I was expecting as far as having a "puff"-like exterior. However, I think for what it is, the flavors work very well together and the cream.. well, that's pretty much the best part about it hands down.  I like the fact that they had some beer and wine on tap (esp. Kirin and Sapporo for you Japanese beer lovers) and they also had some boba, to boot. I'll be back to venture out to the other flavors the next time I take a stroll through The Linq.
5	I love Beard Papas!  Had it in Hawaii, San Francisco, and Thailand.  My favorite is the strawberry filling. Fresh strawberries and aromatic. Waiting to have it at this location.  Last night they only had vanilla filling.  The original puffs were buy one get one.  About $3.50  Love! So light and not too sweet. So happy to have it in Vegas.
3	In the area for an event at The Linq and remembered they were offering buy one, get one free original cream puffs. They are currently only offering vanilla filling so I was stuck with this option, despite knowing I likely wouldn't enjoy it. Vanilla and cream filling isn't my favorite.They fill as you order and our puffs were ready quickly. The pastry was light and fluffy and, as expected, I didn't enjoy the filling. I know these are supposed to be subtle and not overly sweet, but I find the puffs and filling a little on the sweet side for my taste. I typically like very subtle desserts, so I was surprised that these didn't do it for me. I have tried Beach Papa's before in Southern California and I wasn't in love then either, so maybe it's just me. I am interested in trying their other flavors when they become available, but for the price and location, I don't see myself making any special effort to give it another try.
3	Finally we have a Beard Papa's location here in Vegas!This location is pretty new and still don't have the full variation of fillings except vanilla and hazelnut. Combine that with original, cocoa or cookie housing that completes the cream puff.BUUUUUUUUT, it didn't taste like their original cream puff. I knew their locations in Tokyo and San Francisco, but this one was inconsistent with my long time previous experiences. The cream was way whipp-y and less custard-y. The Beard Papa's signature cream should be custard-rich flavor!Also, while I appreciate the vanilla cream not being too sweet, it went a bit too far to the point where it could be called tasteless. However, the sweetness of the hazelnut cream was decent, so hopefully we were just unlucky to catch an inconsistent batch of the day, it was not their new direction. I'll have to reconfirm.As with anything on the Strip, FAME (an Asian-oriented food court at the Linq) is open through midnight so we were able to stop by and have a quick bite at 11pm. That's a big plus.However, three cream puffs with two plain ice teas for $25 seems pricy. I don't mind paying $$$$ for a fine dining, but do mind when I know the original price of a cream puff is less than $2 per piece, and the reasonable pricing constitutes a significant part of the brand. Just because it's on the strip doesn't mean you will pay $100 for a GAP t-shirt. Markup by novelty will quickly degrade as the brand becomes more known. As with anything, pricing it right is the key for a sustainable business - plan accordingly.All that said, I very much welcome this new location. I hope you guys thrive.
4	Stop and say hi, they may have a sample for you. Staff was friendly.They were out of the Original so we went with the Cookie with Vanilla filling, it's small but it was really good. Oozing with filling. Not like what I grew up eating but it made me happy and I would definitely stop by for another one.Love F.A.M.E., I want to decorate my house like that!
1	Alright now yelpers..you guys must be friends with people who work here or know someone that owns the place because I think that these little cream puffs are so overrated..why do people always seem to post the most amazing reviews when they first open? probably for people like me that read about new spots all the time and when you get there with high expectations for greatness anything less is a dissapointment. that was basically my experience in a nutshellSo they only had 2 flavors even though i wanted to try them all which were strawberry and vanilla. i have to say the filling for vanilla was better than the strawberry.but the outside of the cream puff ive definitely had better. And for $10 it's not worth itI will probably not come back here unless they make some changes but its nice to know that people are taking advantage of trying to open new things in the LINQ but i feel most of the stuff here is just for tourists not for people like me that are really looking for awesome food !!!!
1	Not for me!! Ordered Boboa which was buy one get one free we got it in milk, two eclairs and this came to $21.00. The eclairs were still frozen and kinda tasted freezer burned and the Boboa had not flavor and they packed it so much with ice you could hardly get the boba balls on the bottom. Tried to explain to 2 different girls at the register and they could not understand me but, no problem with the person behind who spoke there language. Wont go back
4	Saturday summer night at the Linq and Beard Papas was what I had come for. I passed it on my search for it. It was pretty crowded walking but we found it nonetheless. Fame, where BP is located was super loud. Maybe I'm just getting too old but the music was so loud that the lady taking my order could barely hear me. I finally felt like I had to yell to get my order in. I ended up ordering the original shell and cookie shell with vanilla filling. There was only vanilla and strawberry filling. We went outside to enjoy it and it was just like how I remembered it. Crunchy but soft in the inside and the filling was delicious custardy...Not too sweet just like I like my sweets. I enjoyed a lot but I wished there were more varieties. Overall, it was good and although a bit too loud for this old gal I would come back. There was no line for this treat and I would drop by if I came back.
3	After staring at their menu board and trying to decide which combo to get, I was terribly disappointed to find out they were out of all but one filling.  It was in the late afternoon, so I am not sure how that could happen, but I had to settle for the vanilla filling.  The cream puff was good and I enjoyed it with the chocolate glaze, though it probably wasn't enough to make me seek them out a second time.
1	Went to Fame @ The Linq....got 8 cream puffs from beard pappa's....they packaged it in their cool looking box....in the cross walk, walking to parking lot, bottom falls out of box dropping all my cream puffs into oncoming traffic.....note to Beard Pappa's, ****PLEASE PUT THE BOX TOGETHER CORRECTLY**** never mind the $28 for 8 cream puffs, I really wanted cream puffs!!!!
3	went to F.A.M.E. specifically for this place and wasn't disappointed at all. only let down was that they only had vanilla filling. was advised that they usually have two flavors of fillings depending on how busy they get per day. they have vanilla,  green tea, hazelnut,  chocolate, and strawberry. I wouldn't mind giving green tea and hazelnut a go but not this time. I got the eclaire (chocolate dipped original) a coco and a cookie with vanilla filling. Lets start with the cookie. It  had bits of cookie all over the pastry and the cookie bit tasted good. it wasn't filled all the way and had almost 50% air inside the puff pastry and was a little let down. I read sok reviews that said it was filled with alot of filling so I was expecting the same. With that said all of the three cream puffs I got was filled the same and to me was not filled enough. the vanilla cream had a very light taste but it had a good consistency and good texture. the puff itself was made well and held the filling as it should. we then had the eclaire. it was go was go the chocolate added what seemed as a missing flavor if it had any and was a nice semisweet and not so much sugar it hurts your teeth chocolate. Then the coco puff. it was a coco puff with vanilla filling and I am glad I saved that one for last as it was the best one. the coco puff had great chcocolate flag and with the vanilla filling was a good combo. The workers were nice and greeted us and was very easy to talk to. Overall it is an ok cream puff, if I am in the area I would stop in to see if they have anymore flavors for the day besides vanilla but I dont think I'll be making a special trip just for these anything soon, unless they bring the sweet potatoes one here then ill be back lol!
2	We've stopped by on multiple occasions and they've never had any flavors other than Vanilla and Chocolate. They told us a couple days prior they had Hazelnut. But not today. We asked if they had a schedule for when they made their different flavors. Puzzled looks. We asked if we could order any of the different flavors ahead of time. Puzzled looks. We said, "It's difficult to buy your creampuffs if you don't tell us when you'll have them available." They replied, "Yep." Followed by puzzled looks.This is how a business that is awesome and wildly successful elsewhere fails miserably in a location with UNBELIEVABLE foot traffic. They don't have the products they're supposed to have and their employees don't care.
5	Here is a prime example of why men should truly listen to their wives. Ha-ha. We watched the food network a few months back and had been left drooling over these, but were not aware that this was nestled within F.A.M.E. however eating at Fukuburger adjacent to this changed everything in a snap!The 2 for $8 puff deal is a steal if you ask me and certainly the wallet thought so as well! The puffs themselves were deceptive as at first you give it the "it's not so big" stare and then biting into it you realize "oh man how am I going to finish this whole thing" (don't judge) ha-ha. It was cooked to perfection as it was far from too crispy or soggy and it just pulled apart with ease and melted away like butter! What did tickle my fancy was the filling. I have certainly had my share of custard being a Midwestern boy and this one was money. It was served slightly chilled and was not overly or underly (WOW, take that Merriam Webster) sweet, but was one of the better custards I have consumed to date.All in all I have now found that go to dessert when I am in need of a sweet fix on the strip and I'll be sure next time to break out the stretch pants!
4	Just as good as the stand alone Beard Papa's shops you'll find in California! Also just as good as the shops in Japan!
