3	I love dives, love them. You find the tastiest fast food in those. And someone opened a new one and went to great lengths to NOT make it look like a chain restaurant. They went for the street-food look but indoors. The logo design for Buns is reminiscent of the 70s. All the place need was a few pinball machines and it could have passed for The Hub from That 70s Show.The place feels like a couple of students got tired of working for McDonald's and opened up this joint to keep working during their studies but I could be terribly wrong. The menu couldn't be simpler. You have Hamburgers, Double-Hamburgers, Roasted Potatoes and Soft-Drinks. And that's it - of course cheese is an option on the burgers and it's free. Everything is prepared on a single fire grill parked in the window display to attract pedestrian traffic indoors, keeping with the street food inspiration.If you've been keeping up, that's right, no fries but grilled potatoes. And that's a great change from the insane amount of fried potatoes we get to eat in the period of a month. And they are pretty damn tasty and much more filling than fries.I wish I could be as enthusiastic about the burger though. Sadly there's nothing to be wowed about the BUNS Burger. It's a standard issued dry over-cooked burger you've eaten before at your uncle's poolside BBQ during the summer time. Good filler but a good burger it is not. The meat was dry, unseasoned, bland and very ordinary chuck. The bun was good so were the fixings. But an ordinary burger, nothing to make me understand why everyone in the dive were raving about the burgers? Maybe the patrons are also tired of eating pre-fabs at the food chains and simply enjoy the home-made taste of BUNS and I so get that. But the patty could have used a little imagination to seriously create a demarcation point from your run of the mill burger.
4	Very basic ''simple" hamburger shop. I really loved this place.  Small, barely any place to eat, its probably better as a take-out place, but still great. I liked the burger a lot, the meat was tasty, buns fresh, and fresh crisp vegetables. For what it is, a great place.
4	It's theres one thing I've learned from years of watching TV's Gordon Ramsey shout at people and call them cunt faces, it's that the key to running a good restaurant is simplicity. "K'maan Big Boy, fuckin' simple, yes? Simple!" he'd get in their face and holler as they're brazing something over an open fire. If Mr. Ramsey's success in the culinary world is any indication, he knows what he's talking about. Buns, the little burger stand on Saint-Catherine in Montreal, is about the simplest take-out place I've ever seen (save for the homeless fellow who once offered to sell me ham).The menu is simple, just Hamburgers, Double Hamburgers, grilled Potatoes and cans of pop. The layout is simple, just 1 large grill framed by a giant open window, with 2 or 3 tables in the back. Prices are simple (I believe it was $2 & $3, no penny amounts in sight) even the name and logo design are simple. If Buns were a font, it'd be Helvetica.I won't say the man behind the grill was simple, because that's mean. He seemed to be enjoying himself and had an uncanny ability to switch between English and French at will, without a trace of accent. I got the hamburger (made into a cheeseburger at no extra cost), it took about 3-4 minutes and it was juicy and delicious. The meat was fresh off the grill and lightly seasoned with steak spice. The veggies were crunchy and crisp, and just the right amount of sauces were added. Oddly enough, for a place called Buns, the bun was probably the worst part (oh, sweet irony!), it was a little bland and crusty for my liking.Its refreshing to come across a take-out place that does one thing and does it well. I was never offered to turn it into a wrap for 99 cents, or if I'd like pan-seared avocados on top with a glaze made of ostrich egg yolk. No BS. Just simple cheap hamburgers, made efficiently.Right on, Buns!
3	There are not many good burger places in Montreal. This one is decent good for a cheap bite, but nothing mind blowing.
4	I love the simplicity of this place. A good burger, but nothing mind blowing, OK potatoes, and cheap. The atmosphere is what makes it, the characters that are behind the grill make me laugh each time i go in. Worth stopping in while you're wandering around on St Catherine's. You can wait awhile for your food if there are a few people waitng.
5	I disagree with the people below in that I think Buns IS mindblowing. All dressed with extra cheese and hot sauce, people, come on.  4 dollars of yummmm.
5	3 burgers, 2 sodas, grill fries, and tip for a little under $20 is not bad! The guy making food was really nice, and the place seemed like a pretty busy (though small) burger joint. No complaints about the burger (nothing amazing, but not at all bad) or the buns (unique but pretty good). A nice quick place to refuel.
4	K.I.S.Se t  i  te   m up   p  p     l    i      e   dYup! that's what this place does!7$ a double cheese, well seasoned, on the grill, real buns, fresh meat. 4$ a regular burger. yeah 4$ not 4.29$, like I have time to get annoyed with finding change: I'm hungry now! It could become the Dominos Franchise of Burger (the way the place is done ; no seat, simple counter)but it is a working progress for the restaurant itself in my humble opinion, and it looks like they're akready working on it. I'm a fan but it could go wrong: One of the dude was doing cash and garnishing the burger without washing his hands. Not my favorite thing there. Was it a one time thing? Dunno, but if after 3-4 times it's always the same thing, I'll probably stop going. I like the burger, but I don't want the Flu or worst because a douchebag doesn't understand what's the reason, better, the purpose of keeping a really clean establishment.
5	This is a little hole in the wall on St. Catherine's that I think has one of the best burgers in this city. It's hard to find a good burger in Montreal, that's true, but this place REALLY takes the cake. Especially for the insanely great price.The menu goes like this:Burger $5Double Burger $8Fries $2Drink $1Vege-Burger $5Cheese is free.TAX INCLUDEDYou go in, order your burger and then you sit and wait till it's ready. There's a fridge you can just grab a drink whenever and then at the very end of your meal before you leave, the cashier will ask how many drinks you've had, you pay and go. I have 2 things I love about this: 1. It's nice seeing that they trust you in the number of drinks you've taken. 2. THERE'S NO TAX! If it's $5, you're paying $5! I LOVE that. So convenient!Their fries are marinated in oil and Montreal steak peppers and then grilled. They're cut into slices and they're not exactly crispy. I think they're a very original recipe on fries.That's my opinion, I honestly have no idea why other people are saying it's normal. I think the meat is delicious! It's also seasoned with Montreal steak peppers.A tip though: The branch on St. Catherine's St. is by far the best tasting, has the best atmosphere and the best music. No idea why that is.
4	Awesome simple burgers to end your night. Prep time was a bit long, and I didn't get to try the fries as they were out by 2:30am.
3	Not bad at all. Not really a place to sit at, but is a good alternative to McDonalds.. Burgers are good...Fries, not so much.. Friendly staff, but burgers take FOREVER to be made. All in all, decent place. Oh, and, super cheap! Speaking of which, cash only... at least that was the case the last time I was there!
4	I have eaten here on a few occasions in the past. For lunch, before going out at night, and after an evening of drinking... it suits all occasions! You can just pick it up and leave, or sit on the few tables and seats available inside. Cheap eat, succulent burgers, and on rare occasions their grilled potatoes can be disappointing but on most days, they're good!
4	The concept at Buns is pretty simple; they serve burgers , fries and pop.  That's pretty much it.  Occasionally they'll have a monthly special such as sausages, bison burgers or sweet potato fries but that's about it.  I'm kind of glad that Buns sticks to what they do best.The food is inexpensive; 5$ for a beef burger, 4$ for a marinated portabello burger and 2$ for fries and cheese for your burger is always free.  When the bars close, there's always a huge line of drunk people waiting for food.  It's totally worth putting up with drunk idiots to get the food from Buns.  They have THE BEST burgers I think I've ever had.  The decor is done "take-out" style, so it's not amazing.  But the places gets packed during rushes, so they probably don't want you sticking around too long anyways.  If you're looking for some delicious, vegetarian friendly, inexpensive take out food, then this is an amazing choice!
2	After passing by and seeing it has won "best burger in Montreal" a good handful of times I had high hopes for this place. I am kind of a burger snob, being from Southern California, the land of In N Out, so I take my burgers seriously. This place was nothing fanastic. Flavorless, like a greyhound bus station burger.The burger tasted dry; and the price isnt cheap enough for me to look pass the flavorless quality. I prefer patati patata, or l'anecdote, the meat is juicer and the veggis fresher.Maybe if youre drunk it tastes better; maybe I just had a bad cook that day? Either way, I'm not a fan.
5	So far, one of my favourite burgers! I love the simplicity of the place! a burger is like $5 and if I'm not mistaken, they have a veggie burger! I'm not a big fan of their potatoes though.
1	Horrible. There's a reason its so cheap.Dry burger, and the guys obviously have no idea how long it takes a potato to cook, because mine were still raw.
4	I went here after a few beers and chowed-down on a double cheese burger and a shake - I was not disappointed!I've decided that I'm off 'fancy' burgers. I'm going to say that if your burger is 'fancy', it's not actually a burger - it's just a trumped-up sandwich.This burger was made quickly, with good meat patties, a select few toppings (nothing crazy, just the classics), and wasn't expensive.On their own, I'd probably give this place 3 stars for their burgers, but I gave this place an extra star for their shakes. Mine was plenty chocolatey, and thick as concrete - just the way I like them.
3	This closet of a burger joint is definitely worth stopping by for a quick bite.Mean manly grill in the window, deliciously juicy meat patties sizzling on the grill, and freshly chopped up seasoned potatoes tossed on beside the burger. Its cheap for a good portion and a yummy burger to hit the spot.Most of the staff is really friendly..fellow university students are basically the whole staff.Nothing fancy, just a good cheap burger to fill your tummy. :)
