5	I have used Lyft many, many times and it has ALWAYS been a great experience! My drivers have been prompt, polite, and fun. Last ride I took, my driver had cold water and candy also. On the nights where we go out and have a good time, it's nice knowing that I have an option other than a cab to get us home safely.
5	Lyft is an absolutely amazing transit solution in any city, especially phoenix. At the click of a button, you can have a friendly ride at your side in minutes. Much faster and more efficient than any other mode of transportation, including owning a car!
5	Super-quick! When discount and yellow are quoting  me over an hour to be picked up, Lyft is at my door in 10 minutes or less. In addition to being cheaper than a cab, the drivers actually know where they're going.
5	Lyft is a great alternative to driving. When I plan on having a few drinks, I always use Lyft to get there and safely back home again. Their prices are reasonable and all of their drivers are friendly. Some drivers offer free water, candy, phone chargers, and let you change the radio station. I had a driver once who had baked cookies and they were fresh and delish. I had another driver with a free wifi hotspot in his car. They are usually available around the clock and I usually don't have to wait more than 10 minutes for them to arrive. It's a pleasure to ride in a Lyft. I can't say that about any other form of transportation in Phoenix. (except it's kind of fun to ride the light rail once in a while)Clean Cars!!! Great Drivers!!! Great Personalities!!! Great Company!!! After the ride, you get to give your driver a 5 Star Rating.
5	Cheaper than a cab? Check. About half the price.Faster than a cab? Check. Shows up in minutes, as opposed to 45 mins - 2 hrs (and maybe not at all)Cleaner than a cab? Check. These are people's personal vehicles, so they're absent of puke (and Zeus knows what else) stains/smells.Safer than a cab? Check. Lyft's rating system makes for accountability. Cabs lack this and act like creeps, without any consequence. Plus you see a picture of your driver long before he/she shows up, so you know you're not going to get a sea pirate or homeless looking guy as your driver.Friendlier than a cab? Check. They offer you a bottle of water, a charger for your phone, a seat up front, your choice of music, choice of navigation, and sometimes gum or snacks. When's the last time a cab offered these things?More convenient than a cab? Check. You simply tap a button and a driver shows up minutes later. No calling dispatch and/or wondering where the hell your driver is (you see him moving toward you on the app). Plus you pay over the phone whenever is convenient, so no worrying about if the drivers only accepts cash or cards etc. etc.So the question is, "With Lyft around, why the hell would anyone in their right mind still take a cab?!"
5	A very safe and resourceful system. I meet a lot of friendly drivers with great stories and even useful advice at times. Such a great company!
5	Super easy to use and the drivers are always helpful. Used them recently when my car battery died and the driver even offered to jump my car!Would never use a cab if Lyft is available. They are less expensive and the drivers are more honest than any cabbie I have met- had the driver miss a turn once and they stopped the meter so I wouldn't be charged for the lap around the block....
5	Extremely friendly service,  great for dependable rides 24/7!
1	I have used them once, and it will be my last.  I feel bad leaving one star around all the 5 star reviews.  My driver was super nice, very clean car, no problem at all, but, I was told that my first ride would be free.  I had the code and everything, I still got charged.  I've emailed them and I've been waiting 2 days for a response.  It's not cool that they tell you that your first ride is free (just like Uber), then charge your card.  I think I'll stick with Uber...unless I get a refund...
5	Before you do your first ride, check Groupon.  They have some sweet deals so you can try more than once for pretty much free.  I have used Lyft several times when drinking.  Maybe even with just a couple drinks, I don't want to risk it.  Lyft is always just 5-7 minutes from my apartment near downtown Phoenix.  It is the cheapest taxi cab type service in Phoenix, and all the drivers are hip and nice.  Here are some testimonials from other Phoenix Lyft passengers:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QMLV8B-rtZI
5	Used Lyft 4 times now. Even living in North Phoenix my longest wait was just under 15 minutes. All 4 drivers were great and really cool even tho most of my trips were under 3 miles so far.  I can't wait to use them the next time I have to go to the airport!One of the coolest things I think is the variety of cars you could ride in at any given time. I've ridden in luxury SUV, mini-van, a Mercedes and an brand spanking new Honda CRV. Only constant is clean and professional rides!AWESOME AWESOME service!
1	VERY disappointed with our lyft driver! The app never "warned" us about doubling our rate due to peak hours, similar to uber. The driver was extremely unprofessional; we bought him food (upon his request) while the meter kept ticking. The whole ride was $40 (from old town to bell and Tatum) while the tip the app included was $30....a tip UNHEARD OF.
5	Lyft is amazing!!!  Way cheaper than a cab, drivers are friendly have water snacks and phone chargers!!!! Nice clean cars no smelly drivers and usually less than 10 minutes away. I will never take another cab when I can get a lyft!
5	Can't beat Lyft when it comes getting a ride! I'll NEVER take a cab again. My Lyft drivers have been fun, nice, and knowledgeable about the area.  Significantly cheaper than a cab also. So happy to have Lyft in the valley!
4	I have used Loft several times in the Phoenix area in the past two months. Had only one bad experience for which I was given credit when I reported it. Overall experience has been very good. They show up quickly (except my on dc bad experiece) and considerably cheaper than a cab.They have clean cars, water and snacks, encourage you to sit in front passenger seat and have a personality.  I will continue to use them. I have not used their competition (uber).
1	Lyft is a scam! Drivers have no livery insurance, they have no background check or safety inspection on their vehicles. No business license no weights and Measures stickers. They are ilegal taxis. Get hurt in one and see how you like them. Your screwed. If their personal insurance carrier finds out they are running a rideshare they will be dropped. So if there is an accident there is no insurance.
5	I used Lyft for the first time flying into Sky Harbor.  It was incredibly easy to use.  I requested a lyft and within 45 seconds the driver responded asking where to pick me up.  I received a picture of the driver and vehicle that would be picking me up and within minutes my ride was there.  My driver was professional and friendly.  The vehicle was clean and it felt much nicer than taking a cab AND it was half the cost of a cab!  Will definitely use again!
5	Lyft Phoenix is amazing. I have been working for Lyft 3 months now. I could not be happier with Lyft Phoenix and how welcoming all the other drivers were. Lyft looks out not only for the passengers but the drivers as well. Phoenix has grown and continues to grow. We work together and have weekly meet ups to ensure we are giving the best service to all our passengers. I would recommend this company to anyone who needs a job or wants and wants to make there own hours or to anyone who needs a ride. We can take you anywhere you want to go. Share the Lyft love. Fist Bump
1	Took Lyft for the first time tonight. Does not compare to Uber. No quote! Did not honor $25 off first time user coupon! Driver- Trish told us not to apply coupon before ride then told us did not apply at end of ride. Got dropped off at closer location but still charged us same estimate for further location. Stick with Uber....much more honest and economical.
5	Tried Lyft for the first time. Easy to use, drivers arrived in less than 5 minutes both times.  Friendly drivers and easy to use app.  will definitely use the service again!
