5	This is one of my little boys' favorite places. I mean, what little boy-- or little girl for that matter-- doesn't at one time or another want to be a fire fighter when they grow up?So, indulge their dreams and head on over to the Hall of Flame. Kids can gape at 90 fully restored fire trucks and other pieces of fire apparatus on display, dating back from 1725. They can play out their fireman fantasies (and gain an appreciation for how heavy and hot this gear really is) by dressing up in real fire fighter gear. And they can learn valuable safety lessons in the large hands-on exhibit area. This museum certainly isn't the best known museum in the area, it may not appeal to all, and it isn't very visible from any major streets. But the Hall of Flame is worth the trip -- for both kids and their grown-ups.
3	I gave this place three stars, but need to provide an explanation before reviewing:In high school I participated in a foreign exchange program going to the small town of Nagold in southwest Germany. The town's fire department is by volunteer and my host family put in much time and dedication into the fire brigade. That being said, they had a lot of interest in the firefighting industry. Flash forward: a couple years ago they stopped by Phoenix while visiting the US and really wanted to go to the Hall of Flame. And thus, I had my first experience at this museum.I must interject and say I'm not really interested in firefighting. Not at all. Needless to say, I found this museum pretty boring. However, I try to think of it objectively. I think they have a lot of interesting stuff if you're into firefighting or have little kids at home. I think it's presented well and theoretically could be entertaining if historical firefighting antiques/artifacts interest you, but on the personal level, I don't really care for it.
5	I visited this place on a recent vacation to Tempe and it was the highlight of my trip. I am an ex firefighter and this place brought back many memories. My favorite was the Hall of Heros, very touching and caused me to shed a tear or two.
4	Nice museum!  Noticed this place on my way to lunch.  They have quite a collection of fire fighting equipment, engines, patches.  The history behind how this museum, started was a single fire engine.  It was given as a gift and from there it grew.  I'm not a fire fighter aficionado, but it was great seeing the equipment from different countries, technology, and the coolest fire fighter patch collection.   Admission is $6 for adults, if you have AAA membership it's $5.
3	this place was cool. the exhibits were great the kids play area was awesome. we just wish the people greeting us and selling us our tickets were nice. they were down right rude. they seemed annoyed with us  before we even finished paying. maybe because we redeemed a groupon? not sure but it really made of upset. the kids had fun and we enjoyed all the old vintage fire truck
2	My husband is a Firefighter and my Son loves this place. Warning! People who work there are RUDE and real grouchy!! I do not refer people there strictly due to them. I would not want any of my friends to be treated so poorly. I do take my son just because he is so obsessed with anyting to do with Firefighting. I thought about having his birthday party there, sadly due to the staff changed my mind.
4	My four year old begs constantly to go to the "fire museum." The collection of antique firefighting vehicles/equipment is AMAZING. The kids love being able to get onto a real engine, and the little playroom is fun,too. Very unique.
4	Truly.... thought it wld b boring, but was pleasantly surprised!  One of the least expensive museum, which was great.  Lots of stuff to keep kids interested.  Great to see the changes in fire fighting equip over the centuries & throughout the world. Highly recommend
5	As I walked through the door I closed my eyes tightly. When I opened them again I had been transported into a 7-year-old with eyes the size of small saucers. Here was a room full of "when I grow up I want to be a fireman!" What I didn't know was that I was just looking at one room of many - - filled with fire engines and fire-fighting equipment from around the world. Some were old and didn't look like our fire engines today; but they all looked like the perfect place for me to climb on board and toot the horns and whistles . . . ."beep, beep, move over, brave firemen coming to save the barn!" (I couldn't actually climb on them; although there was one that you could!)There's a room of old radios where you can hear calls into fire stations around the valley announcing current fire calls. As I close your eyes again I can even imagine that I am on the back of a hook and ladder engine screaming to the scene of a three-alarm blaze.There's a room dedicated to firemen who have given their last breath to saving a corner grocery store, or a family pet . . . there is a section of that dedicated room to the many brave firemen who gave their lives on 9-11.If you go, be sure you have time to spend . . . it isn't a small museum and there is much to see. Walking through time . . . starting when fire wagons were pulled by the firemen themselves  . . . then by horses and finally were real motor engines.As I walked out the door I realized that it isn't just children who are fascinated by fire engines . . . . we all are! As I pull to the curb to let one of today's big fire engines go screaming past, my heart and head go back to the time I was transported as I crossed the threshold to a most intriguing museum of bravery and heroes - The Hall of Flame - Museum of Firefighting!
5	What a neat place. Took my 5, 8 and 11 year old kids and they had an absolute blast. So much to see and do for all ages. I really liked finding the fire dept patches from my hometown in Illinois in the patch exhibit. I would highly recommend this place for a couple hour getaway.
5	The staff is amazing here. Really great people who are passionate about the trucks. Highly recommend visiting.
5	Okay, so I still like trucks in my second childhood. Trucks with Detroit Diesels make the best noise. They have a lot of trucks here. There's historic equipment from horse-drawn to twenty years old. As some of the pictures show, they have at least one vehicle younger children can climb on. A lot of the equipment was restored by one man. He signed a lot of the equipment. The docents will tell you about him. It's quite a body of work.Telecom geeks will appreciate the obsolete hardware removed from Phoenix Fire Department's dispatch center. No Centracom IIs or computer-based dispatch consoles here. It's homemade analog stuff. There are some Gamewell printers. Maybe you should call them punches. It's good someone saved this important history.Docent was helpful. The gift shop has items for big and small children.Admission: $6
1	Even though it is only $6 to get in, this is so old school.  They hand you a 3 ring binder to take you through the tour.  They do not have information cards at each fire truck.  You have to read this small print in the 3 ring binder while minding your children.  The old guy at the front desk was grouchy on top of it all.  Don't waste your money.  Make a donation to the fallen fire fighters instead.
5	This museum is a must if you are interested in history. It is truly top notch. Dozens of perfectly restored wagons and engines from the last 3 centuries of fire fighting. The descriptions on the walls and in the binder they give you are well written and interesting. This museum is a labor of love and it shows in all the attention to detail.
4	This museum is for anyone who appreciates art, design, innovation. It's mainly fire engines and showcases some beautifully renovated machines.We loved it. It is clear a TON of passion went into this museum. Many of the engines were restored on site by a single person.This could be a HUGE success if it was located in a place like NYC or DC and had proper funding.The museum itself is somewhat dated. And yes, the woman at the front desk wasn't the friendliest. Maybe she had an off day.I'd go back!
5	This is wonderful, as a firefighter this museum acts as a window to the past. Every piece is original. There are no replicas. The staff was wonderful, they offered many stories and back grounds to all the pieces they have. I read other reviews about the staff being rude, I did not find it to be that way. I loved every minute of the museum experience. The history comes alive right before your eyes, all of their pieces are in excellent condition. I HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone remotely interested in fire.
4	Went today and it was fun.  The volunteers were very knowledgable.  $6 for entry fee.
5	My son and I had an amazing time. It was perfect for my "future" firefighter. The gentleman working was great with my son and very informative. It was a lot more interesting than I had anticipated. We will definitely be back.
5	My wife and I found cheap tickets for a flight to Phoenix from Denver this winter, so we bought tickets to visit sites in Phoenix and warm up a bit!  We like museums, so one of our stops was the Hall of Flame Museum.  What an absolute treat!!  A fabulous collection of original condition and restored fire trucks and firefighting equipment.  The all volunteer staff was very friendly and provided us with a lot of the history behind the formation of the museum.  Very reasonable entrance fee with a very nice gift shop area.  If you are interested in history and/or the fire service, this is likely one of the best!
3	Overall, the museum itself is great and my 3 year old loves it but the woman working there is always RUDE and the toys in the kids area are FILTHY. The place is usually pretty empty other than a few toddler/preschool age kids and maybe one or two adults roaming around. I definitely think the kids are keeping this place open so maybe they should take that into consideration at the front desk and when it comes to cleanliness. (Seriously, it's disgusting. I'm worried we're going to come home with hepatitis one of these days.)
5	Despite the fact that I lived down the street from this museum, driven, ran and rode my bike past it 100 times, I never noticed it.  This partly because my interest is not piqued by fire or fire trucks, and partly because it is well-hidden in the shrubs of Papago Park.  But, I must say, it was a pleasantly surprising treat - and surprisingly large.  First, beware that the large bell by the front door does indeed work, very loudly, so resist the urge to bang it.The museum has everything from antique fire trucks, to pictures and medals, to a kids' play area.  It even has a fire pole that you can slide down. The only thing sadly missing is the firemen.The first gallery is filled with historic fire trucks that are so old, they are not even trucks.  They are carriages!  That were once pulled by horses!  The second gallery is filled with old fire trucks, including a large truck that kids (and adults) are allowed to climb on.  The third gallery is filled with more trucks and includes a child's play area. My kids really enjoyed playing in this area, we had to tear them away after nearly two hours.  The air conditioning is not stellar, so its humid and stuffy in there, but it still beats the 110-degree temperature outside.The last gallery includes (yup - you guessed it!) MORE fire trucks. It also shows a 70s equipped dispatch center. Even though the computers and switchboard are decades old, the calls coming in are very real, as they are the real calls currently going to dispatch.And then there are also lots of photos and medals displayed on the walls, fire safety videos and information, clothing and hats for the kids to wear, among either trinkets and visuals.Having never been a 7-year old boy, my interest in fire trucks can only be stretched so far, but for $6, this was definitely worth the excursion, and my kids and husband loved it.
3	Receptionist was rude to us as well. She was obviously more interested in her word search than in doing her job (being polite to patrons). That said, the museum was very interesting. My 3 and 6 year old loved it. One note, it was super hot in the museum. I don't think they have a/c there. It made the trip less fun when it was about the same temp inside as outside in the middle of July.
5	We took our grandchildren here today and it was a wonderful experience.  We spent a lot of time in the safe house which is designed for children.  While they were playing with the equipment, they were also learning a lot about fire safety. I was amazed at the variety of fire equipment.  I highly recommend it for families.
5	This place is fantastic!!!The museum is mainly four large warehouses with some side galleries.Excellent history of fire fighting over the past few hundred years.I was really impressed with the "guide book folder" which they loan you upon arrival.  Lots of detailed information.I never realized that there were so many different types of engines.Very high level of technical detail (for those interested).Everything has been restored and looks fantastic.I took my 14 year old niece and my toddler.  This place really is for older children.  There is only one real fire engine that my toddler could play on, but a "play area" in the NW corner.
5	Such nice docents and the museum itself is first class - a really fun activity if you are visiting Phoenix, especially for kids.
2	Don't go here if you have small children. This is a museum for 8 and up. If you are over 8 and have a love for fire engines and their history, then this place is great. This is not a place to go if you have young children that want to climb on everything. You are not even allowed to touch the railings that surround the fire trucks. The children's exhibit and the one firetruck that you are allowed to climb on seem like an afterthought.  Beware of the old men at the front as well, they don't seem too excited to have children there.
5	Great for the whole family.  Incredibly restored fire engines.  Lot's of cool things to see!   Definitely worth the visit.  You won't have to fight crowds either, because the last couple of times we visited, there were only a few other people tvisiting.  Wonderful photo opportunities.
