3	My friends and I swung by Montreal, after a weekend in Tremblant. We ended up in the neighborhood with reservations to Au Petit Extra, but missed the 2:30pm weekday lunch deadline.  The bistro's host was nice enough to recommend Grill Barroso down the block (both are on rue Ontario Est). Our group of 7 were the only patron, so we were wary.  And Portuguese food in Francophile-friendly Montreal? We ordered a couple of appetizers ("entrees" in Quebec & France), and a bunch of main courses, most meats aside from the grilled sardine & grilled calamari. The food was not bad!  The hand cut potato chips were the best part of the meal.  On the same block is also another Portuguese resto, called Bistro Le Porto.  This was the first place suggested by Au Petit Extra, but they were already closed for lunch when we arrived.
3	Portuguese food in Montreal used to be confined to the Portuguese area (near St-Laurent and Duluth) but with the rising popularity of these grill everywhere in the last few years they are beginning to appear in other neighborhoods. This one is pretty good and I would recommend it whenever you are around.
5	This meal was excellent... both times on my 2 day visit.  Yeah had to go back again the next day.Get the combo... ribs (I'm not a ribs person, these were amazing), chicken, the Portuguese fries (sooo good), and salad.The fries are the star of the show.  They're thick potato chip shaped cuts... prepared perfectly. They're about 3 potato chips thick and are awesome with salt or mayo.The meats were great too... and the salad was great.
4	Getting tired of St-Hubert chicken? Well come here to eat great fire grilled chicken! This was an amazing experience for me, i really got tired of the rotisserie style of chicken. When I friend brought me here, I really thought I was going to be disappointed. When you walk in the flames are blazing in the kitchen. You can see them cooking on the grill; and you know you are now going to get quality food. The restaurant might be a hole in the wall, but its quite cozy. When I went, there was almost no one there. People are really missing out here. There is different dishes for everyones tastebuds. Just remember there is a lot of meat that they will cook on a real grill.I can't wait to go back.
4	Ever since the amazing  Le Porto closed down, if I want Portuguese grilled meat near the village, then I go to Barroso's.I've been here several times now and not once have I had a bad experience. Typical Portuguese grilled fare, chorizo, flank steak, chicken with piri piri sauce, sardines, calamari, shrimp, lamb chops, pork chops, take your pick, go for the mixed grill menu if you're not sure. All comes with salad and home-cut fries. Prices are very reasonable, the service is friendly, the clientele are pretty lively. Someone in the restaurant had a birthday and we saw the bartender go by with a sparkly candle on a sardine! Also don't miss their natas dessert, the custard tartes portugal is famous for, like mini-creme caramel tartes. The waiter we had was super nice and even gave us a free round of port wine.
4	This is what the first place that I ate at my visit to Montreal and I'm not disappointed. The staff was extremely friendly and the food was great. keep in mind, it's not delicate French food, it's greasy heavy Portuguese food. If you like that, then you're in. The sausage and surf and turf is absolutely great. The portions are huge and you will not leave hungry. I love restaurants that give you free things too. We didn't order it, but they gave us free salads. Isn't that a nice touch?
