1	Don't order from Domino's Pizza in North Las Vegas. They charged my credit card, then messed up the order. They said I would not get a refund on my credit card for three business days. Just a few seconds of their mistake and suddenly I am responsible for the charges for three business days. This is a management problem. I hope someone in Domino's corporate manager reads this. This is poor customer service. I will never again order from any Domino's Pizza as a result of what happened tonight as I wait for three days for my refund.
1	DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS LOCATION!!!!I have been a long time customer. I recently moved across town and have had nothing but problems with my new location. The first time I ordered pizza last month it came burnt and the manager was rude and ofered no help when i called and complained. This time they did not even deliever my pizza at all. They claimed they call me, yet my phone never rang. I called after waiting over an hour and the manager informed me that the driver got lost, tried to call and since we didnt answer they canceled the order. I NEVER recieved a phone call. i had my phone next to me the entire time. They offered no way to fix this. he simply told me it was my own fault. Before i moved I ordered from dominos at least twice a month.. Now, I have been ordering pizza hut because the service at the lake mead store is horrible. The manager is rude and worthless. I will NOT be giving them a third chance.
1	HALF STAR!!! I had gotten a delivery, once it arrived I was shocked to see a flat "pan pizza" instead of handmade pan pizza! It's my favorite pizza to order on the count of I love the bread, but in this case I got gooey uncooked mess. When I called back to tell them what was wrong Maritza told me that it could be flat as long as it was in a pan...huh? I told her I order here and normally get thick bread with air pockets she said she made my order and she can send another but it's going to be just the same..I refuse. Terrible customer service as well as terrible pizza quality!!!
2	**-yawn** mediocre pizza, service is okay some days , other days you can tell someone can't wait to go home. . I Only order here when I'm broke..   The drivers are usually cool ( the reason for 2 stars), but the store personnel,  could use some motivation. .  Management needs to step their game up!  (Trickle effect) lived in this jurisdiction 3 years and it's the same ole same ole every time.
1	Put me on hold and I guess forgot about me. A lot of pizza places around! I won't bother again with this location smh
1	Worst service ever they made up a story about getting a new oven in please! !! Make the order lazy asses!!
