5	Best hair I've ever had! Kristy is so good I carry her cards around because people ask me how I get my hair to look so good! It's not me, it's my stylist!
5	I like going to a stylist to get my hair cut and Kristy is the best to go too!! She has a $5 off men's cuts on Wednesdays and that's when you'll find me there!!
5	You have to admit, its takes a lot for a guy to wander into a salon to get his hair cut in a place generally associated with women getting their nails done, do's did, and GOSSIPING ALL THE DAMN DAY LONG!!! But if you know anything about me, I got some seriously awesome hair. I mean we are talking Don Draper in his prime kind of hair. And it really takes someone special to get that right. Fade with a part to the side, little pomp in the front, and comb over. oh and LOTS OF GREASE!!!! This is barber shop stuff that local barber shops don't know how to do anymore! Kristy does it all..........Instead of waiting forever to get butchered at some barbershop in the mall, swing by Kristy's place and get a cut that's quick, cheap, and high quality!! You can even book on the phone, email, or Facebook and not have to wait! She even sends email reminders for those forgetful soles (Me!). Regardless if its cut or color, man or woman, this friendly 1960's inspired joint is a one stop shop to get your hair did!
5	Kristy R. is one heck of a stylist.  I can't believe she has left Denver now I am left a hair orphan! She has always done a great style and cut and I would recommend her to anyone.
5	Kristy does amazing work. I am so happy she is back from Denver, she did my hair prior to leaving for a year or two. Hair coloring, new styles, eyebrow waxing, she even does make up services. I've walked out of there looking like a million bucks many times! Her haircuts last too! They keep their shape and functionality. You are missing out of you don't visit her!
5	I love love love this place! Not only did I get lucky enough for her to do my wedding hair and make up (which I still get compliments from years later) but she is one of the very few people I trust. She can give me a more conservative yet stylish cut and color when I am traveling for business or she can do something totally fun like a pretty pink. Says a lot when I can go from business pretty to super fun with the same stylist! Not only do I love her but my mom feels comfortable with her and lovers her work as well...that folks, means a lot.Not only is the service fantastic but she also has a private room. I could never go back to a big salon after feeling so comfortable at the Shear Shack. With that said, prepare to take home some business cards because when you rock your new cut or color you are going to be asked who you go to. It's easier to hand out cards. Srsly.
5	Kristy is great.  Wonderful job and very personable.
5	Kristy does the best vintage styles & updo's I've ever seen. If you are looking for an updo, vintage style for your wedding, prom, date or just because look no further than Kristy at The Shear Shack!
5	Another awesome outcome. Thanks Kristy!!!!
5	Finally!  Someone who understands how to convert a brunette into a blonde.  Kristy uses great products and knows exactly what she is doing.  She does what YOU want, not what she thinks you should have.  I love the way she listens and then makes it happen.  I have a lot of hair and it is very long.  She makes my hair look amazing time after time.  I want just plain old blonde, nothing fancy and she doesn't try to do weird highlights or cuts.  Though, she is capable of doing those different colors and cuts because I've seen her work on others.  She is very versatile like that.   Kristy can give you what you want regardless of what it is.   I LOVE shear shack and recommend it to anyone!!
5	I love my hair! My stylist moved away and I've been looking for new person I could go to and become a regular. I have found that with Kristy. I am thrilled with my cut! I went in with no real idea of what I wanted I just knew I  needed it cut. Kristy worked her magic and I'm so happy!
5	Kristy did my hair today an I love it! The cut an the color are perfect. I was nervous about going a little different with my hair, but she did such a wonderful job! It looks wonderful. Thank you so much kristy! Looks like I found my new stylist!!
5	Im picky when it comes to my hair and who to trust.Also about how far I have to travel and the price to spend on a quality haircut.Im a guy who likes shears used and my hair to be managable and have volume, and Kristy is great.Took me months to find a good spot here in AZ. Very pleased with her spot!I recommend for ladies and men who are into hair with some style to it.
5	OMG!!! Kristy done an awesome job on my daughter hair. I couldn't be more happier, she looks so stylish. I was a little nervous because she has short hair.  So if you want the hipster look Kristy the one to go too.  Thanks Kristy
1	Shear Shack is by appointment only.  Not that this is apparent from their website where business hours are clearly listed, but this is clearly the case as I was turned away today by the stylist because "she was just stopping in today."
5	I wish there were more stars to rate The Shear Shack Salon.  I love the results, and get so many complements from my family and friends. The Shear Shack Salon is such a classy little salon.  Every time I go I get a great cut and color and blow out.  This is not your average walk in Great Clips cookie cutter stylist.  Kristy is the best.  I even have my hubby going and she does a great job with his beautiful curly hair.
5	Thank yooooou, Yelp! Since moving to PHX I haven't had anything done to my hair (blaaaah) & I came on here to find someone who could do a really good cut as well as ombre color.  Shear Shack came up & I was able to make an appointment on her website which was awesome.  I arrived & Kristy was as sweet as could be.  I showed her a picture of what I wanted & discussed some concerns which she addressed & really helped put me at ease.  Kristy was so friendly & we chatted the whole time, I love that I wasn't just sitting there in an awkward silence which has happened at other places before. I felt like we were old friends.  She REALLY knows what she's doing! My color is great & I love my cut, it looks so healthy!  To top it off, her salon interior is AWESOME & totally retro! So glad I was able to find someone who was able to accomplish exactly what I was wanting.  I'm really looking forward to making another appointment again soon!
5	Kristy is amazingly talented and very personable. I just moved here and went to her based off of these reviews. It was worth it. She's excellent with short hair!!! She is my new hair lady.
5	After relocating to Sun City this was my second try looking for a new hair stylist. Well, I hit the Mother Lode.... Lol.  Found Kristy on Yelp, couldn't be happier!!! She listen to my concerns and did a wonderful job, I have short, thick hair, I don't want to look matronly but yet I don't want to look like a 30 yr old hipster either....Prices are great also.  Thank You Kristy!!
5	I am three months new to phoenix. This is my second salon.  This is my only salon now!  Kristy worked magic with my really bad haircut.  She gave me a great pixie cut that looks great and is easy to style!  Can I just say I love it and "thank you" Kristy.  "It's so cute!"
5	I went there before a wedding last March. I had let my hair grow out for awhile in preparation for getting victory rolls. She made my hair look amazing and gave me tips for how I can try it at home!
5	I made an apt because of all the reviews on yelp and I'm glad I did! Chelsea cut my hair and she did an awesome job! I have long hair and she understood my anxiety in cutting it LOL! She was very patient and really listened to what I wanted. Great place plus my hair looks AWESOME! Thanks Chelsea :)
5	Kristy is the owner and so great! She's insanely talented and really knows how to make you feel at ease. No awkward silences here!Just recently she added a girl Chelsea, who I haven't seen yet but have heard great things about.If you're looking for a great cut or color, definitely check this place out!
5	Special thanks to Chelsea and kristy for getting me in today with short notice to fix my hair. They are both so great and talented with hair. Tried to dye my own hair blonde and it became a white disaster. I will never try to do my own hair again. Kristy and Chelsea are definitely the professionals.
2	After reading all the wonderful reviews and being new to Glendale, I booked with Chelsea as Kristy, who indeed gets rave reviews, didn't have an opening. After two visits, just not loving either color or haircut enough to return. But I do appreciate Chelsea's efforts and enthusiasm. After many years of needing hair color, I know that not every salon is a perfect match. When moving to a new area, it can take a few tries. Thank you.
