5	Press Start Gaming Center is an entertaining state of the art gaming center. PSG features the newest next generation gaming consoles. Tournament action, league, or casual play. Plan a party or watch for special events! A gamers paradise right here in Las Vegas.
5	Press start is a gaming center. I was here yesterday and was surprised to hear they have the xbox one and ps4 and all launch titles, which was great cause I was unsure if I should purchase the next gen consoles. I walked in and man the employees are kind and very talkative! Which is good cause they make you feel welcomed!!
5	I was so glad they had an Xbox360, the awesome man brought it out so that we can play UMvC3, thou it was kinda deserted however this place is NEAT!!Looking forward to more visits, in the future!
5	A very cool gaming center with MANY individual gaming stations with xbox ones as well as ps4s. Drinks, snacks, large nice pool table and shuffle board. 3 hours for only 10 bucks! Great atmosphere too
5	If your into UMVC3 or other fighting games like MvC2, Street Fighters, and various others fighting titles. You have to come here on Wednesday, it's filled with skilled players to watch or play against! They have tournament here too occasionally!
5	Affordable, friendly, and everything you could ask for... surely if there wasn't something you wanted they'd do their best to get it. Spaced out nicely not too cramped. Nice tv's and chairs. I enjoyed getting to know people here and felt very welcomed. Great community for gamers,...go to PSG.
5	PSG is a new gaming center located in the southwest side of town. Right now it is the main place in Vegas to play fighting games. Every week, various folks gather here to play games such as UMVC3, AE2012, Smash, etc. The staff is always welcoming, and the entry is only $5 for the whole night. If you come to play a next gen system (Xbox One/PS4), they charge $10. Still not a bad deal at all. The main plus of PSG is that they have over 20 Benq monitors available at all times. The place could be packed during a tournament night, but you can always find an unused monitor to setup your gaming system. Drinks and snacks are reasonably priced. They also have several arcade cabinets, a shuffleboard, pool table, and more.  If you're looking for tournament action or just casual play, this is the place to be.
5	I've been here twice so far, and both times were excellent!The employees have always been so laid-back, friendly, and ready to help.The second time I came here, an employee gave my friend and I some GameStop display posters they didn't need. Didn't catch his name, but those posters were pretty big, and he stopped what he was doing just to help us bring it to our car outside. He also overheard a kid being short a quarter, and he quickly offered him one. Great guy! The prices aren't just reasonable, they're affordable. For an hour to play a PS4 (or even the Xbox One) and the latest games that you can switch throughout your time on the weekends is just $6 ($5 on the weekdays). You have a great clear TV, comfortable seats, and great speakers. You're probably thinking, "What's the catch?" No catch at all, they just understand what it's like to be a gamer! They even have snacks and drinks for affordable prices!They have tournaments every weekend for all you competitive gamers and all-night lock-ins from time to time. They've recently added arcade cabinets like Initial-D, In the Groove, and some other stuff.So what are you doing? Stop reading this review and go there now!Also, if you wanna go when it's slow, I recommend as soon as they open on the weekends. :3
5	In town visiting family for the week and so glad we found Press Start Gaming. This place is very cool. As a parent with kids that were bored at Grandma's house, a LIFE SAVER! Found PSG while looking on YELP for some fun ideas for the kids. So glad I did. After reading all the great reviews, we brought the kids down to check it out. Lots of gaming systems and a few arcade games to keep a kid busy for hours. They allow you to rent the use of a system and play any variety of games they have. It's very reasonable and the kids loved it.I had the pleasure of meeting the owners, Andy and Bryant. This is a new business venture for them and I wish them great success. Very nice guys that have a goal of providing a fun and safe place for kids to hang out in a social video gaming atmosphere. If you have kids that love to play video games, you need to bring them here. We'll be back!
5	Andy and Bryant make this a place like no other. Great environment, great people, and great games. Very reasonable prices and now with the new loyalty program, there's nothing like it. You must check it out if you're an avid, casual, or "in-between" gamer!
5	What an experience!  This was my first time coming here and I have nothing but good things to say! My bf and I have been wanting to check this place out, since we drove by several times.  So glad we did.  We told the owner we were newbies and he gave us the lowdown.  They got  us set up with the Wii u system and a game. Everything was great and so much fun.There were all kinds of people there. A few dance dance revolution masters showing off their skills, call of duty fanatics,  and us - quite the mixed bag! I can't wait to come back,  and that says a lot because I'm not even a gamer. This is a new business,  so come check this place out and spread the word!
5	Enjoyed this place. We went to GameWorks  right after the opening and we were disappointed, so many games not working and a cluster all around. You will be seeing us every week. Rock on.
5	It's like you already feel like home. Andy and Brain are really helpful with their equipment. The new gen counsels and arcade games are amazing. Every Wednesday night you have fight night. Test your skills against the fighting game community in Las Vegas and also get tips on how to play fighting games. They have DDR AND ITG for all the rhythm game fantastics. Beatmania Intial D and some other arcade game favorites. Play the Next Gen systems like Playstation 4 Xbox One and the Wii u here in a affordable price and a super cheap all day pass! They have drinks and snacks for your in between game munchies. Awesome place to play games or just to hang out and talk to everyone. I recommend all ages to come here to relax and talk to everyone.
5	Press Start Gaming Center is probably the best find I've had all year. The whole place has a friendly atmosphere and they're well versed in their knowledge of games, and the arcade machines they own. The machine ate your quarter? Don't hesitate to ask them for another one. The management is very friendly and will understand most problems if you face any. For a small business, they have an impressive line up of the most current games and popular titles along with all next-generation consoles such as the Xbox One, PS4, and WiiU. Prices are cheap and you get well more than you paid for. Overall, many of my friends and I spend time regularly there and we hope to see the place grow in the popularity it deserves.
5	5/5 is definitely earned here! Great place to just come kick back with friends and play games! My friends and I bring our gaming computers and play a bunch of variety of games and have awesome fun! If you're looking for a place to play games with friends, get out of the house, or drop the kids off, this is the place!
5	At first I didn't know what to expect from Press Start Gaming Center. I had heard from friends that it was a cool place, but I was expecting a LAN center. This place place is like a hybrid LAN/Arcade. The girl that greeted me was very friendly and actually gave me a mini tour of the place and told me how it works here. Even though I'm a casual gamer, she made me feel "at home." There's about 40 stations you can play various console games on Xbox One, PS4 and Wii U. The tables are nice and spacious and the chairs are comfortable. It runs about $16 for an all day pass or like 5 bucks an hour. Then they have about a dozen arcades and an air hockey table. Mostly rhythm games and a sweet WORKING Initial D 3 machine. They don't serve food but they have a bar you can bring your own, eat and watch something on the big screen. They do have candy and drinks for sale though as it is an all ages game lounge. I highly recommend this place. It's a lot of fun and makes for a nice new vibe to an age old hobby. I will be returning frequently. Keep up the great work Press Start!
5	The one and only arcade that I like going back to. Staff is super friendly, the weekly events are always fun to spectate and you get to play console games for a pretty cheap cost, in my opinion at least. Great place to chill and hang out.
5	Great gaming lounge! Visiting from out of town and missed my xbone. Felt like my basement. I'll be back!
5	Not many places in Vegas cater to gamers as much as PSG does.  They try their best to upgrade all existing cabinets and to add what the fans/customers want.  They buy all the new next gen titles and offer special prices to student after school, gaming communities, and even weekly and monthly tournaments.  Tired of those old, rundown arcades, or buying games to just sell them for nothing?  You can just beat em here at psg.  Whatever unused hours used rolls over til the next time you come over.  By far my favorite gaming lounge ever in Vegas since even before the olden days.
