4	We have used them for boarding on several occasions.  The boarding can be expensive, but they have a really nice facility and the employees are friendly and helpful.  The thing that really sets them apart is the "luxury accomodations" for your furry friend.  If you don't want to board your pet in a crate or on a concrete run, the deluxe accomodations are well worth the extra $.   For a small upcharge, you can also have your pet groomed so they are nice and clean when you pick them up.They do charge a convenience fee for Sunday pickup (limited hours) but it is well worth it for times when you return home on a Sunday and don't want to wait until Monday to get your pet back.
4	Lets face it....when it comes to your furry family members, you HAVE to have a great vet with great employees and a nice facility that you feel comfortable going to---this is IT!After going to another vet for a while, I started to realize that I really didn't like them, so I started asking around to other pet owners, and Piper Glen kept coming up with rave reviews from everyone I spoke with.  So finally I took my sweet angel here.....and this is now the ONLY place I will take her!The staff is very welcoming and friendly, which sets you at ease right away. The waiting area is very well stocked, comfortable, and above all----clean!!The vet assistants and the doctors are always so wonderful and professional, but they make you feel at ease, and take the time to explain things and answer questions.Our girl had an issue with her gums/lips that we had learned to live with since our former vet said it was normal.  When we showed it to our doctor here, they quickly gave us a treatment for it and within just a week or two was cleared up and our girl is happier and eating 100% better than before because of it!They do have a boarding facility that is beautiful and clean and would feel totally safe leaving her here.This is a great place and I would recommend it to anyone for their furry loved ones.
4	I've been here a few times with my cat who always needs to be sedated because he's a tiger in a little body. The staff is very kind and accommodating. Dr. Brown went over everything with me when we were trying to figure out if my cat had pneumonia or asthma. She went over the options and told me the pros and cons. I didn't feel rushed and really felt that the staff cared. They even gave me a few samples to help with my cat taking meds. Thanks Piper Glen Animal Hospital for easing my anxiety.
5	I just wanted to add a note to my last update. Dr. Brown called me on her own time, on a Sunday no less, to inform me of my cat's results that needed to be sent off for a second recommendation. Pretty impressive!!
5	Rocky (schnauzer/poodle mix) has never been one to warm up quickly to strangers - be it people or animals. Rocky's first visit here was after a terrible, disappointing visit at another vet location - he had been sick for a few days, dehydrated, throwing up, not eating or drinking anything. His original vet diagnosed that this was nothing more than seasonal allergies, but somehow that didn't stick well with me or my wife.Dr. Brown at Piper Glen's correctly diagnosed Rocky and got him better very quickly (within a week to 10 days). At a later time, we tried their boarding facility and learnt that they loved Rocky and Rocky was very warm with the handlers there. Very, very hard to believe if you have been around Rocky :)The final straw was grooming him. Typically, he is either sedated beforehand (as was advised by his previous vet) or he was man-handled (exaggerated, but you get the point) to get his nails clipped, etc. We were told at Piper Glen that they would call us if Rocky has to be sedated, but learnt shortly that the groomer was able to properly groom him without much trouble. The 2nd and 3rd visits were practically a breeze!I very strongly recommend Piper Glen for ALL their services. Your pet (family member) will be very well cared for.
5	Monday when I got home from work, my little Chihuahua was not feeling well and I wanted to get her checked out. My normal vet is located down near Southend, which meant that I could not make it all the way over to their office before they closed for the day. I really wanted her to be seen that night and did not want to have to go to the emergency vet, so I called Piper Glen Animal Hospital which is located just a couple of minutes away from my house. I had taken a couple of my pets to them for boarding in the past and while there, met some of the vets on staff, so I felt very comfortable going there for medical care. They told me on the phone that they didn't have any open appointments, but I could come as a "walk in" and they would fit me in as soon as they could. Since they don't close until 7, I figured we would definitely be seen before they closed for the night.  Sure enough, when we got there we didn't wait long before the vet tech came to take us back to an exam room.  We saw Dr. Wood on our visit, and I immediately felt at ease when I saw how gentle he was with Izzy. Also, he was very thorough in his exam, so that also made me feel that I had made the right decision to bring her in. The staff are very friendly and helpful here, and they even called me this morning to see if Izzy was feeling better.  A great level of care and excellent customer service makes this an outstanding Veterinary Hospital and boarding facility.
5	I'm writing another update because that's how highly I think of this place. It's so nice to have a place that I can call when I'm concerned and they act on my concerns immediately. As I have said before, I have a cat that is incrediably violent and hates everyone, including me sometimes. I came home last night at 5:45pm to see that he had something wrong with his eye. I called the office and spoke to the receptionist and asked if it would be possible for me to take a pic of his eye and email it to them since sedating him was the last thing I wanted to do in order to bring him in. She said they closed in 15 minutes but I could email the pic and she would talk to the doc about it. She called back 15 minutes later and said there would be a script ready for me to pic up in the morning. Due to my cat's age and need for a rabies shot, they recommended trying the eye med before having to bring him in to sedate him. Dr. Brown is AWESOME and the staff is always accomodating. Thanks!!!!
1	I brought my cat in after having diarrhea for 2 weeks. They ran some tests for parasites & charged me $173. Other than his stomach issues, my cat is in perfect health. I was promised a phone call with the parasite test results on Monday. By Tuesday, when I still hadn't heard back, I called for the test results. I waited several hours later & finally got a call stating that the test results were negative.  The vet had no suggestions but to "wait & see if his diarrhea cleared up." REALLY??  What did I pay $173 for??  To be told to "wait & see"?  Um, that advice should be free for all the good it did.I called, a week later, when nothing changed with my cat's condition. I was told that I could bring him back in for another exam AND another office visit fee.Meanwhile, I have been trying every homeopathic remedy including feeding him homemade food, mixing pumpkin with his food, raw food, etc. All of which I told the vet.They do NOT care about your pet!! They care about bilking you out of several hundred if your hard earned dollars & telling you to go home to "wait & see".STAY AWAY!! I would absolutely NOT recommend this vet to anyone.  My poor cat is going in his 5th straight week of diarrhea & has lost weight & energy with no cure or remedy in sight.Jennifer T.
