4	The hot dog 'hops' at this place are super cute. They wear the funny dome shape hats that look like circus tops.Hot dogs served traditional or corny dogs and fresh squeezed lemon-aid.  They use Heinz yellow mustard, which is my favorite, and a great compliment to a really good hot dog.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):7 Food10 Service5 Atmosphere8 ValueYup, I can go from a review for Capital Grille, straight into an appreciative review for HDoaS.  Because I'm a versatile mother fucker.Denigrating hats aside, this place is tasty.  I love that it's simple, and I love that it's on the verge of cheap.  And I love that their veggie dogs (on a stick of course) taste EXACTLY like regular ones.  And while that veggie dog (on a stick of course) cooks, I go get an Orange Julius made up.  Because I'm a versatile mother fucker.
4	How can you not love Hot Dog on a Stick? From the killer uniforms, fresh squeezed (in the barrel with the plunger stick) lemonade/limeade/cherry limeade to the cheese on a stick, what's there not to like?I'm a major cheese freak, with some of my favorites being Brillat Savarin, Haystack Peak, Humboldt Fog goat cheese, 5 year aged Gouda, Parmigiano-Reggiano but that doesn't mean that I can't still dig good ole American cheese. Major comfort food for me. And a stick of American cheese battered with corndog batter goodness & deep fried until it's all gooey inside? Come on... You can also get it with pepper jack but that just doesn't do it.So every time I find myself in a food court with a Hot Dog on a Stick, I must succumb to a fresh squeezed limeade and a cheese on a stick (American of course).Life is good.
5	Oh how I will miss this place. :( Their last day was the previous Sunday. The manager had always knew what I wanted everytime. She let me know a week before that they were closing since I was a regular. I'm extremely sad to see them go with their amazing lemonade and the prices for the 44oz stadium cup I bought twice. Now I have a stadium cup and no amazing lemonade.
