5	So glad to see this place here.  The sandwiches are great. My Favorite is a Cheesesteak Hogie. The crew is top notch. Definitely my new favorite sandwich shop near home.
4	I had heard so many polarizing opinions about the subs at Jersey Mike's (people either seem to LOVE them or HATE them), and yet until this location opened, I had never tried one. And the verdict for me...they're very tasty. They kind or remind me of a "better quality" Jimmy Johns (don't get me wrong...I like Jimmy Johns, but there's a reason their subs are incredibly cheap).I kind of like that this place is limited as far as breads & toppings. There's just white & wheat rolls, and probably less than ten toppings/condiments to choose from.Honestly, the sandwich selection here kind of confused me (as far as the cold ones go). I can't even remember what the sub I got was called (its was #4), but it was some combination of Italian meats & cheeses. That's the thing...my mom & dad got a #5  & #13, and if we would have all got the same toppings I bet I couldn't even tell you the difference. There subs were all a combination of Italian meats & cheeses. That being said, I thought my sub was yummy. I had it "Mike's Way" (lettuce, onions, tomato, oil & vinegar, as well as herbs). I like that they slice the meats & cheeses in front of you that are going on your sub. Everything tasted fresh. This location is very clean (it just opened) & the staff seems friendly (there were only two guys working when we stopped in and me & my mom were the only two people in the store).I do think the subs here are a bit expensive (I mean, everything tasted fresh, but this is still a chain), but I'd come back.
5	Nom! Thrilled to have a sub shop that's basic, yet good that's so close to home. Service is exceptional. The place is always clean. The food is always spot on. We've visited 3 times since their opening and have been satisfied each and every time. Thank you for giving us a sandwich option that doesn't suck and doesn't break the bank!
2	They food is really good but usually takes about 15-20 minutes for them to make a sandwich.
4	If they are able to improve accoustics in the futurethis person would rate 5 stars. The bread, oil, vinegarsize, simplicity are 5 stars. Something this good I don't want a huge sub because I being a pig will eat the whole thing.The fragrance, texture and oregano are still with me an hour later. I just asked that they make today's special without my guidance. A ham and cheese can being boring or wonderful. I had nothing to do with construction. It was a wonderful sandwich! Places and customers will tell you how great a place is. This just provides the experience without bragadacio.
3	Food is good closest thing to a was a Howie you can find in the valley. ...staff is a bit on the rude side, was asked today what do you want in a certain unpleasant tone again what do you want.
5	Great flavor and you have mini sub rolls.  The sub roll size offering alone gives you five stars.  I really liked my sub, tuna on white Mike's way, but really do not need to be eating a huge portion of it.  Everything was delicious, the store was clean, and nice employees.
5	by far my favorite place to have a quick lunch in the valley.I don't typically go in during the lunch rush but I found myself in the heart of one today, and I think the ladies working deserve some recognition for their speedy sandwich making. The line was huge and with just 3 staff members my wait time was under 10 minutes. Even with the rush the usual top quality of my sandwich wasn't sacrificed!I love this sandwich shop, the employees are kind, professional and quick.The store is clean, and well kept, and the sandwiches are always delicious.Thank you Jersey Mike's crew for providing such an Awesome place tograb a quick, tasty bite to eat!
