4	I like this store.  If you had a time, just look around and you may find bargains, it worth to shop here.  I heard that owner of Ross also own this store.  I bought queen size sheets set for $14, bathroom rug for $2.50, 3 pairs of socks for $2, a pair of sunglasses for $5.  Some stuffs are much cheeper than a Walmart, Marshalls and Ross.
3	Ok I like some of the merchandise , most of the staff, are friendly, and the prices are good. What I don't like is the clientele. The customers ravage the store. They block aisles with their carts, act suspicious -hide items in different places throughout the store.I would think they must have a huge problem with theft because of the way these customers treat the store.I would suggest they invest in security cameras if they don't have them. It would also help if the staff enforced basic measures i.e. children running around in the stores unattended.
1	DO NOT shop here. The staff is very unfriendly. First of all, I walked in with a small bottle of water (it's like 110 degrees outside - I need my H2O) and was immediately stopped by the security guard who asked me to put the bottle in my purse.I thought he was joking at first but realized he was serious, so I pointed at my little crossbody bag and told him the bottle wasn't going to fit inside it. He then asked me to leave my water bottle at the entrance, as they do not allow food or drink in the store. Uhm..... It's water!!?!?!? Reluctantly I set it on a window by the entrance, where other people's SOFT drinks were sitting. Whatever.Then as I was ready to go further into the store and shop, the cashier at the front looked at the DD's plastic bag I had in my hand and asked me if I had a return. I said yes and she didn't say anything back and didn't even look at me. So I just stood there and waited for her to say something. When she didn't, I finally asked if she needed to take my bag. She said yes and took it to put behind the register. Fine.THEN... when I finally did some shopping and was ready to do my exchange, my patience really ran low. I was returning shoes that were $8.99 and buying a shirt that was $8.99. All of a sudden I'm told that my total is 8 cents. Uhhhhh..... What? I told the cashier that it's probably the tax (since I bought the shoes at another DD's in Phoenix) and asked if it could be manually adjusted to make for an even exchange. She said "No. It's just gonna be 8 cents." I then asked if there is a manager that I could talk to who could adjust the tax manually. She asked her coworker (not a manager) at another register to come over. I asked the coworker if the tax could be adjusted. When she said no, I got a little frustrated as I previously worked for a department store for almost 5 years and we would always adjust the tax in these situations to avoid inconveniencing the customer.Ok, it's 8 cents... I know... I should've just let it go. But I didn't and told the cashier I just want my money back. I didn't end up buying the shirt. Her face fell and she didn't even thank me or acknowledge me in any way once the transaction was complete. The point is, the customer service here sucks. From the minute I stepped foot into this store to the minute I was leaving, the staff was unaccommodating and made the shopping experience unpleasant. EWW. Not shopping at this one again.
