5	This new gelato place took over Paciugo Gelato.  A friend and I visited there this past weekend and were impressed. The quality was great - I ate a quart of their gelato - sea salt caramel & Mozart (which is chocolate and pistachio).  The only suggestion is that they need to branch out into some more diverse and unique flavors the way Paciugo did.We will definitely be back the next time we are in Madison.
5	I love gelato. The way it's presented is always very pretty and there are no shortages of creative flavor combinations. They even had a flavor made out of algae (Spiruli?). It sounds gross but it tasted like marshmallows :) They have a great selection of sorbets as well, with amazing flavors like Grapefruit Rosa, Blood Orange, Passion Fruit, Strawberry and Raspberry. The girl working the counter was really awesome at explaining all the flavors (the Italian names offer no hint as to what the flavor was) and offered us as many samples as we wanted. Her recommendations were pretty good. La Coppa also has a punch card which lets you get a free cone after 12 punches or something. I will be back to try those other sorbet flavors!
5	Awesome, awesome flavors! This place really deserves more love, because it is truly a work of art.The gelato looks and tastes fresh, with a creamy texture that encapsulates each unique flavor.I got their chocolate strawberry cheesecake and latte macchiato, and loved every bite of it. It's not the cheapest gelato you'll come across, but it'll definitely be the best.
4	After Paciugo went out of business, La Coppa has now taken up all the locations in Madison where Paciugo used to be. According to the onsite staff, their gelato is made of "all natural ingredients" and concocted by their second generation Grand Masters from Germany. They were generous with flavor sampling, and we finally chose the Mozart, dragon fruit, and vanilla. I recommend all of these flavors.  I won't try to describe them - go sample them yourself!If you buy more than one scoop, you can get an espresso drink for an additional $1. Three scoops total plus an americano set us back $10. Beside the fine flavors, there's a punch card incentive - 12 purchased items gets you a freebie.  La Coppa on State St. may just be my go-to place for frozen treats this summer.
2	meh is about right. Forgettable experience except for the fact they ran out of a number of flavors on a Friday evening in summer. Additionally, they had one person working to cover serving gelato and working the register and handling money. He did not wash his hands or use gloves in between the two.  Too bad I don't work for the health department. I miss pacigo....
1	Let me start by saying I dream about Paciugo. I don't spend much time on State St anymore but after a mediocre date night dinner at another restaurant I was excited to get my gelato on. I didn't realize that it was no longer Paciugo until I walked in an recognized nothing. My favorite part of Paciugo was being able to get more than one flavor. The employee working didn't seem to want to be there, the case was half full, and nothing really sounded good. I finally choose a plain dark chocolate option (my previous gelato go to) and was satisfied with my first bite. From there I quickly felt my teeth feel chalky, as if I had just guzzled a whole bottle of Pepto. Needless to say I didn't finish my expensive single flavor cup and my boyfriend couldn't handle more than a bite of it. We won't be back.
2	Underwhelming amount of flavors (really, no pistachio?) and overpriced. The gelato itself was just ok.  I've definitely had better. I guess if you're in a pinch and really hard up, maybe get this? But I wouldn't recommend it.
1	A  prominent sign above the gelato case said $3.49 for one scoop.  I ordered one scoop of amaretto in a waffle cone.  The woman handed it to me and said it was $4.21.  The $3.49 price was for a cup though the sign did not specify that. The samount was very small; the flavor and texture of the gelato was nothing special and did not have much of an amaretto taste.  My experience was a disappointment.
5	Excellent texture to the gelato. The staff is friendly and generous with sample spoons! Flavor combinations with multiple scoops are the way to go. The flavors cycle in and out, so if you don't see a favorite, it may be well and present another day.Best with groups of 2-4; not much seating, but what's there is comfortable.
5	Amazing!! The man working the counter really knew about the business and it made my experience better. I was curious about the gelato "spaghetti" dessert and he suggested to make it "his" way. Which was absolutely delicious! I'll definitely be going back.
4	When I read the other reviews after finding La Coppa on Yelp, I couldn't wait to try them out, having had gelato both in Italy AND Germany!! Always enjoyed the "Spaghetti Eis" and my favorite gelato flavor was hazelnut. La Coppa did not disappoint! If you're in the area, it will be worth your time to pay them a visit. My mark down was only because the servers could have at least pretended to enjoy their job. Other than that, if I lived closer, this place would be a regular stop!!
3	Gotta say. It looked like there were some interesting treats. But the flavor selection is not very creative. I expected more from a "artisan" gelato shop. Tasty but most likely won't go again, socks still on my feet.
3	La Coppa Gelato, a tiny little gelato shop with about 20 typical flavors on display for eying, tasting, and eventually purchasing. The cramped space doesn't leave much room for indecisiveness.On a Friday night it was surprisingly empty. The lady behind the counter was cheerful and happy to offer samples.The Lemon Sorbet was a sweet and tart treat with a burst of citrus. It was smooth and refreshing. The lemon flavor was overwhelming and needed to be cut with something to tone it down. I only got one scoop, but was unable to finish it. Value for the selection? Cheap, compared to what I am used to back home.
