4	Omelettes that have killed lesser men than me.  Otherwise, pretty standard fare.  Great if you're hung-over.  Which you probably are, you drunk.
2	Grade: D-Mmmm, baked-egg omelet...makes me vomit.
1	I know that this place does some things well, at least the chain itself does.  I used to go to it when it was at Hilldale and enjoyed the mushroom omelet quite a bit.  My latest trip to this particular OPH, however, was quite bad. I was in the mood for simple bacon and eggs and got the blandest, most boring and unpleasant scrambled eggs and bacon I may have ever eaten.  It's a pathetic thing to screw up a dish like this at a breakfast joint.  Cafeteria food would have been better.  I was treated with nonchalance by the waitress and found the interior to be a half-hearted attempt to make it appear "country style."  I'll probably never go back.
3	Ok. Not amazing but my girlfriend really likes it.
5	I have to say, I'm am dumbfounded by the other reviews. I have been coming here for nearly a decade and never once had a bad experience.Nearly everything is homemade.  The pancakes are not the typical prefab mix garbage, but a mix of natural ingredients.  The strawberry waffles are not covered in strawberry sauce, but fresh cut strawberries.They make their own corned beef hash from scratch, which is one of my favorites. And to top all of this off, most of their juices are fresh squeezed.  There aren't many breakfast beverages better than a freshly squeezed glass of OJ.The only real downside for me is that you need cash.Even if you show up when they're busy, which is often, it really is worth the wait.
3	I love... Breakfast! Especially when it's at an OPH. The reviews here were not the usual stellar ones that I'm used to for OPH's, but I was willing to give it a shot! This location was much closer to my hotel than the other location in Madison. I arrived promptly at 7:30am when they opened up...no waiting around for me. A small number of us hungry eaters were there. Take note: Cash only. (I still don't get this....) But whatever. :)I ordered the usual pancake, eggs, meat combo - - tasty! I had the coconut cakes. This time they were more baked into the batter, i think at other OPH locations it's less mixed and more sprinkled on the top. It's been a week that I've been here.. and I remember thinking that it was just okay for an OPH. But now that I'm writing this, i'm kinda craving their pancakes. ha! I'll probably go back... don't have to twist my arm that hard.
5	Good food at reasonable prices with truly exceptional service has been my experience over many visits.  The food is reliably tasty and well prepared- something that can't be said for Mickie's Dairy Bar, Ihop, or Denny's. My coffee cup has never run dry, I've never finished a meal and found myself waiting around for the bill, and I have yet to order something that didn't arrive properly prepared. Also of note- At least one of the negative reviews about this restaurant actually refers to the University Ave. location, which isn't as good. My only complaint here is that the business is cash only.
4	This location of the famous Madison Original Pancake House is much less busy, well hidden behind nearby hotel.  Staff is very nice, efficient & professional.  More parking at this location than the other (which was all construction & traffic when we tried to go).  Great quality food!  Lots of favorites listed in other reviews.  We haven't had anything bad, try whatever you'd like!The red neon sign may or may not be lit up, it's about 1/2 way down the strip mall.
1	No credit cards or ATM? Awful tease. Get with the times
4	I really like the food here, I have never had a bad meal but the staff isn't always on top of there game and I really wish they took credit cards..
1	This was the worst breakfast experience. First they only brought one coffee for two of us when we requested 2, then when they brought the second one there was coffee spilling everywhere on the floor and table and they put it down right in front of our toddler. They didn't even bother to apologize or clean the table. My husband ordered Eggs Benedict and it was terrible. Overcooked eggs, horrid hollandaise sauce, and something that did not resemble an english muffin of any brand. The Potato Pancakes were dripping in grease and smelled like they were fried in burnt oil. I ordered a plain waffle and it was ok. We shared our disappointment with the food and service with our waitress and the cashier and nothing was done to make anything better. I can't believe people actually choose to eat here. And they ONLY accept Cash.
4	Easily my favorite breakfast place in the Monona area. Omelets are especially delicious. They're big,  fluffy, and stuffed with delicious meats and veggies.
5	Family owned business. I have never had a bad experienced while dining here and I've gone a good 15 times. My family are regular customers as we often go after church service. I typically get turkey sausage links with scrambled eggs and buttermilk pancakes. I add a side of hash browns which 4 people can eat from. By far the best breakfast place I've eaten at. Love the food and service. Also, their coffee is excellent! Not watered down at all.They only take cash or checks! No credit or debit cards! Also, if you choose to dine there on a Saturday or Sunday, get the no later than 9am. The place is very very tiny and the line is out the door. Waiting time can but 20+ mins on a Sunday if you come after 10am.
5	BEST BREAKFAST PLACE IN MADISON! (either location: Monona & University)!!!I have eaten here over 20 times and never been disappointed. Their pancakes, omelettes... really everything... is amazing! If you come in on a weekend be prepared to have a 15-25 minutes (though my waits may be longer than most people dinning here because I request my waiter).Typically my boyfriend and I order an omelette and share it because it also comes with 3 pancakes. The omelets consist of 4 eggs and A LOT of cheese! I'm telling you these are the biggest omelets you'll ever see. The pancakes that come with are of good size too and we always add whipped cream and strawberries to our order. Their whipped cream is amazing and home made every morning. This meal usually costs us about ~$9-10 dollars and we are both stuffed after. You have to try this place their food is delicious.Be prepared to pay with cash or check only!
1	Tried to go there for breakfast this morning because we love the one near us in the Milwaukee area. We walked out before for even opening the second door for two reasons- 1) It smelled like vomit in the vestibule and 2) they take cash only. No debit or credit cards. Seemed very odd!
