1	Alright, I know it is a fast food restaurant (supposedly), but I just had to capture my recent experience.Now, having done my tour of duty under the golden arches back in college, I am WELL aware of what to expect when pulling through a fast food drive through (I refuse to use "thru").Apparently, they were running low on wrappers and such, because I was cut off by another vehicle heading to the pick-up window where the driver handed out a trash bag of stuff.I had a pretty basic order.  A plain spicy chicken combo with a Pepsi.  All you have to do is slap a piece of spicy chicken on a bun, wrap it up, and put it in a bag with some fries.  No complicated sauce combinations, no trying to read my mind on the amount of a certain ingredient, just chicken and bun.When I got to the window and the young lady asked me to pull up because my chicken sandwich was not ready, I was understanding.  I am not always pateince, but I am understanding.I fended off one panhandler that actually walked out of the restaurant with a spool of CDs that he was selling while waiting.  Then another customer after me pulled in front of me to go inside and fix a misgiven order.  I waited.While waiting I saw a phone number on the door for customer service.  I started my phone call after waiting five minutes and finished it after waiting ten minutes.After hanging up, I pulled the emergency brake and went inside to get my sandwich.  There was ONE customer in the place and two girls standing at the counter jabbering with and employee who was making them free ice cream sundaes.  One of the girls must have been an off duty Wendy's employee as she had the audacity to ask if I had a receipt for my purchase.  I was offered a shot glass sized Frosty for my trouble.  Thanks, but no thanks...
4	I mean it is a Wendy's, let's be honest people.  If this is your idea of a good Friday night dinner, you probably don't like yelp anyway.  This location is the closest fast food joint to my house so if I ever have the (not so frequent) craving for fast food, this is where I'd hit up.  I've never eaten inside because let's face it, it's a Wendy's.  But, the drive through has always been quick and the line is never more than a car or two.  My order has always been correct and about as good as it is going to get!
1	This has got to be the worst Wendy's in Charlotte. My expectations are never that high when it comes to fast food but they are ridiculous. We usually always end up going here late at night when there are NO cars yet still have a 10 minute wait. On top of the waiting time they almost always forget something. The only reason we go here is because its on the same street as our house. With a newborn who needs constant attention and a husband who can only cook a bowl of cereal, this is a last resort.
2	Errrrrr, definitely NOT the best Wendy's in Crown town. Adequate......
1	Don't usually eat fast food. This place is anything but fast. Drive thru was packed so I came inside to order. 20 minutes later myself and 10 other people are still waiting for our orders. Seems VERY disorganized. Does not seem understaffed as 2 workers behind the counter are just standing there looking around.
