5	Yes! A new pizza place near my house! I must investigate... This is where Jamie's Pizza and Pita used to be. It looks a lot different inside now. It's much more clean and simple (Jamie's wasn't so much dirty as it was cluttered). This is the second location for Maya to open up this year. I hadn't heard of it before driving by today on my way home.I ordered a 12" pepperoni and sausage pizza to take home. It was hand-made and ready pretty quick. The crust is thin and crispy on the outside - almost like a cracker bread. Toward the middle, it's softer. There was a good balance of sauce, cheese, and toppings. The pepperonis were spicy and flavorful, the sausage was good, and the sauce was solid NY style. Other than that, it didn't really strike me as NY style pizza that much. I actually preferred it to a NY pizza. It's more of an Arizona style really. The way the crust came out - it almost seemed like a wood-fired pizza even though I know it wasn't.Overall, it was mighty tasty and I enjoyed every bite. They have an extensive menu which I haven't had a chance to explore yet, but so far so good.They deliver and are only a few miles from my house, so I'm obviously going to be ordering from here a lot (as long as it stays consistently good). I like that the guy who made my pizza was wearing a chef's jacket. A+++ would order from again.
5	Wow. This place is open until 4am on the weekends and is right across the street from me. Seriously life changing. I chatted with the staff for a while. They were very friendly and thus I will not be adverse to coming back here.This place is absolutely adorable inside. A drastic improvement from the last place that was there. It even looked clean... weird.  There are also some outdoor tables;. I can picture it now, me, my dog, and a pizza, sitting in the nice fall weather enjoying some delicious pizza in the sunlight. Or more likely, a nice study spot I can go to for a quick bite while my dog randomly barks at passerby.As for the food, I didn't take to much of a risk here. I mean, it's right across the street from me and having a negative first experience would just be bad for everyone. They had a pretty diverse menu and I look forward to trying some of the Mediterranean items on my next visit. For this time, I went totally boring status and ordered a peperoni pizza and fried zucchini. The fried zucchini was up to standards, which is good, I don't expect anything different from my fried zucchini. The pizza was quite tasty. I'd eat it a lot. I mean, quite probably, I will eat it a lot.
5	It was my first time here today and It was extremely delicious!! The chicken parm pasta is a must try!
2	Ordered delivery. Took an extra long time despite not living far from it. When the delivery driver got to my door, she regretted to inform me that whatever sauce there was in my bag, she accidentally spilled inside. To make matters more annoying, she didn't bring proper change to break my $20 bill so I ended up tipping much more than I wanted.  And to add insult to injury, the food just did not taste good.
1	Pizza is definitely not NY style. Soft crust not crisp like NY pizza. Mediocre pizza at best.  Crust tastes like frozen pizza crust. I wont be going back.
4	i had some chicken wings and garlic knots pretty good will wait a few weeks before i get a pizza and then ill update
5	When the chef is challenging himself to do better each and every time, you gotta stop that place more often. I happen to visit them plenty of times already and I really enjoyed what I've ordered so far. The place is clean and they have very rich menu. Due to your taste, you can order pizza or wraps as well as pasta and some Mediterranean dish. My priority at newly opened places is their attitude rather than "perfection", because I believe it is more of a process rather than a moment. They are very friendly and eager to please the customer. I strongly recommend their pizzas which are kind of unique and really worth to try. If you are looking for a better pizza place with high standards, stop by sometime, you won't regret it.
5	Yum! Yum!Order online thru Grub Hub @ lunch time.Told me it would be an hour + (normal for this business area & it's lunch time).But the driver showed up within 1/2 hour!The Bronx Bomber was GOOD........This 1 is saved in my favorites!!
5	So amazing. We got the Maya special but added mushrooms and had red sauce instead of olive oil. So yummy!  Def get the ricotta cheese because they flavor it!
2	PIzza was good.  Delivery was slow.  Delivery driver didn't know how long it took, expressed surprise when I told him it was over an hour, and then he dropped a container of ranch dressing on my front porch. It exploded. He looked at it, said "oops", shrugged his shoulders, and left.  I will not be ordering from here again.
1	Ordered delivery, they forgot half of the order. Tried to call them to TELL them that half my order was missing - they didn't answer. Had to call 20 times until they picked up. And the food wasn't worth the price. SMALL portions, lacking flavor, not fresh ingredients.
5	I love this place, i work in an office down the street and they are the go to people when it comes to ordering people and getting fast delivery
4	Just ordered from GrubHub, delivery was a little late but that was cool since it was pretty far away. Ordered a Philly Cheesesteak, flavor was great. Just wish for Christmas I would have got more cheese whiz on the top of the sandwich. :(
1	Seriously misled by the yelp reviews and rating. Did everyone eat the same pizza I had? Because it was awful. I would rather eat Little Caesar's terrible pizza puck for a quarter of the price with double the flavor, and a bagged salad from Safeway. Ordered the Bronx Bomber with a bunch of meats, all really low quality. Giant rectangles of squeaky ham squares marbled with big visible veins of fat should have been a cut to a quarter of that size (and wouldn't hurt to order up from your meat dealer, because when you buy low the taste reflects that). Meatballs tasted old with an odd mealy texture and metallic tang that dominated the flavors and left a terrible lingering aftertaste. Sausage rounds were forgettable. Pepperoni was okay but flabby and not crispy, like everything on the pizza. And it's not because the toppings were packed to tight, that's for sure. Weird crust too, bland and floury with zero flavor and no rise. Despite the flabby toppings and cheap cheese, the crust was somehow burned too? All for the low, low price of $17!Got an antipasto salad too with the house dressing, couple handfuls of romaine lettuce for $6 with salami, more awful ham I discarded, pepperoni, provolone, and onions. Again everything was chopped way too big. Don't get the house dressing either. All oil and dried spices. I was super excited to have a new pizza joint five minutes from my house, but that excitement was misplaced. Tossed the leftovers.
5	Fantastic food, fair prices. I've tried their slices, soups and some special Mediterranean dishes so far and they were all really good. Service is friendly as well. Highly recommended.
3	I ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza and 12 hot wings.  The pizza was great, fresh and quality ingredients.  The wings were gross.  They had way too much butter and no flavor.  I would definitely come back for the pizza but not the wings.  Service was a tad slow and their soda prices are super expensive!  Customer service was great despite being a little slow.
1	pretty terrible. ordered delivery through grub hub for a chicken kabab meal with two sides and penne bolognese with garlic bread. the pasta was not bad but they forgot the ranch side salad with it and had to come back to deliver it. the garlic bread was dry and had burned corners. the chicken kabab meal was pretty gross. the chicken itself was okay once microwaved but the pita bread was soggy due to being placed right next to the chicken. the tabouli and Greek salad were like something out of a bad comedy movie. the tabouli was not tabouli, see picture. I'm still trying to figure out what the orange pieces on it were. I tried some and it just tasted like slightly pickled cucumbers and tomatoes. the Greek salad had no dressing but did have melted cheese on top. if you can, (I'm aware of the limited amount of decent delivery food places in tempe) avoid this place. or at least don't order the salads or tabouli. you've been warned.
