5	top notch but don't plan on leaving with any cash left.
5	i've been here several times.... once i was with a guy who has so much money they put us in the VIP section in back. wow, did they take care of us good. at one point i went into the bathroom i had about 5 HOT strippers begging me to take them back to our table.(they have to be invited to the VIP area by a customer) anyway. that was once crazy night!
5	This place has the most fun girls of any of the Vegas Clubs.  They are fairly easy going and (for the most part) willing to relax and have fun with you.  I have been to every club in Vegas and this is the one that I come back to everytime.I have had a stripper give ME money at this place.  I guess that is a story for another time.  It couldn't happen anywhere else.
5	dooooood! talk about the titty bar of all titty bars! chicks are extremely hot and crawling with them.  however, i did get scared shitless when a latina gilf was trying to coax me into a lappy. i kept running away but damn was she persistent!  thank goodness, a hot black milf saved the day.  alriiiiiiiiight! a googity a googity!
2	because i got love for the homies, i joined the fellas to give my friend david a bachelor's send-off at crazy horse too. i got to admit that i wasn't terribly impressed by the talent available. there were a few attractive girls working that night (a friday) but they were far outweighed by the scary, old, bad bolt-on boobs, or just plan sloppy fat (as opposed to juicy thick) females.i'm not big on getting my huevos scrambled by an over-jealous lap dance nor do i get off on fake moaning or whatever it is the girls do when they grind away so i generally abstain from lap dances. what i do enjoy is seeing girls dance and take off their clothes. in the hours i spent in the crazy horse too NOT ONCE did i see a girl dance on stage. all the girls did was strut around, pose themselves, and do some wriggling on the floor. i want to see them work the pole! make the booty clap! i got none of that.they charged me $7 for a bottle of water. i just laced a few c-notes on T&A and they want to bleed me for a half pint of luke warm water??then again, maybe i'm a bit jaded because a lot of my professional life involves people getting naked and freaky.
5	Believe it or not, this was my very first experience at a nudie bar.  And OMG, did I blow a wad quick (in more ways than one)!!!The girls are lucious here.  And way cool.  Lot's of mileage (the good kind).Isn't cheap though - so bring at least $400 bones to keep you happy for an hour.
1	Fuck this place.Yes, I said it and even after 6 years, I will still say it.So the girls and I are on a tear it up Vegas weekend. All very cute and sessy gals for the record and all gals who appreciate the less than finer things in life like fake boobied strippers, over-priced drinks and titty bars. So we cab it over to the Crazy Horse Too after hearing that THIS was THE place to go. We roll up and instantly get static at the door. You can't come in without a date. Um, okay, well we are a bunch of girls with lots of money to spend? NO! But...? NO!So we walk a few feet away and regroup while trying to keep the temper of one Drunky MaGoo down to a manageable level since the a-hole of a door guy was especially rude to this one girl in our group. I suggest grabbing a few guys and rollin in with them. I mean who cares, we can ditch them at the door but at least it gets us in. So we latch onto said guys and walk up.Door guy says, NO!I say, "You said dates, these are our dates. We are in love, let us in." (Mind you I'm drunk and his anger is amusing me at this point)Door guy says, "fine you can come in, but that one stays out!" (pointing to my friend)I say, "Come on, don't be THAT guy, did mama raise you to be THAT guy? She just really wants to see some boobs, surely you can relate."Apparently he couldn't, but I also think he was suffering from mama abandonment issues and clearly wasn't loved enough as a child, but I digress...He then decides that none of us should be allowed to come in. Fine, I'd rather not go if my friend is going to not be let in, so just give us our money back and we will go spend it elsewhere, right?Apparently this is when the poor chap lost all sense of hearing as i became invisible and mute in his eyes."Excuse me, I said we'll go. Can you please just give us our money back?""Hello?""Umm""Yo!"Retard Roy then starts smirking and it is quite clear that the four of us who "got in" will not be getting our money back, even though we technically never even entered the club. I then followed up with calls to the establishment the next day that were (to no surprise) never returned. Maybe they are in cahoots with Prime Time Shuttle as their customer service seems to be pretty dead on.So if you are a girl don't go here. If you are a guy, have at it, but why waste your money on a place that won't let cute girls in who might actually go home with you for free. Just sayin.
3	Uh Can you tell me again why I'm paying for it?  BECAUSE I CAN!!!!  Nah it's alright. This was actually my first strip club. I spent a good 400 dollars because I must have brought my box of NEWBIE...Yea so I got 6 dances from some one who I was rough with me...and then I got few from this chick who looked like Buffy the Vampire Slayer. So yum...Nowadays...I dunno. The girls were aggressive...I mean do people still leave with money. Crazy Horse has gotten a bad rap for a lot of shady stuff lately. But I don't like that I'm a local and there's no local incentive to get in. Drinks are over priced. Strippers will pimp you for drinks. So watch out when they get a 10 dollar water. Grrrr. I'm much wiser now. I wait till they're passed out before I.....wait did I write that or think that?
3	my first experience at a strip club, in las vegas!! the place was packed with alot of guys of course and many sexy yet trampy strippers. after an hour or so of flirtatious advances and being dragged away for lap dances i finally gave in. seems for twenty bucks you get a lap dance for the duration of 1 song! hmm well i had to play this out right. i needed just the right song long enough and i had to find me a real cutie. well i found andrea and boy was she ever scrumptious. i don't remember what song was playing but my mind was on many other things. andrea made me feel really good in many ways, mostly she was so kind with what she said and how she treated me as a person. at one point she even commented on how great i smelled. looks like the hugo boss was getting her good. next thing i know the song is over but she says she's gonna stay with me for another song. andrea did it for me, after the dance i was so lovin this place.turns out my buddy jeff also had a dance from andrea and he loved his cologne and gave him an extra song. damn i fell for all this crap!! well if you come you will have plenty to look at but bring your wad with you. by wad i'm talkin money!
1	Creepy.Barbie dolls servicing men of all shapes and sizes from drunk losers to drunk high rollers in an incredibly dark, smelly warehouse. I couldn't tell if these "girls" were actually girls.And we almost got tangled in a hate crime. A drunk jerk of unlimited stupidity thought a couple of guys in our group were gay and wanted to bash their heads in. We all left immediately before he could call in his KKK/Nazis brothers to help.I hate strip clubs.
4	I think Juice C and I had the same girl... she was Italian and Japanese.  She was gorgeous!  I almost felt bad that she had to work there while she was on break from her "real" job as a "teacher" (so cliche, no?)Anyway, I've been to Crazy Horse Too a couple of times, and luckily, I didn't have any problems getting in like Stephy did.  It's a fun place to hang out after a loooong night of drinking...the music is always good, the girls smell nice, and the gentlemen are spending money left and right.
4	This used to be my favorite, but got bumped by Spearmint Rhino.  Still pretty good though.  Variety is the spice of life.
4	Hot strippers that come from all over (canada, south america, asia but mostly SoCal) and do dirty deeds with you for money.  It can be a better investment than gambling... I've got nothing helpful to add in a public forum, but I do like this place for various reasons.
2	blah blah blah- Crazy Horse this- Crazy Horse that. i seriously think this place has gone completely downhill. i've been coming here since 2004- and every time i've been back.. the girls look worse and worse. it's turning into Cheetahs! ewwwww! i know most strip clubs have a certain "stench" (yup, they do!)- but this one really takes the cake. the smell of bleach, cologne and piss.. sexy! the girls really know how to hustle- but it was getting a little desperate. we spent 40 mins in there and raced to the next strip joint.
2	This place is closed now and Buffalo Jim is dead too.
1	Omg this place is terrible on a Wednesday night. The drinks are over priced and the girls are ugly with little boobs.Maybe it's just the day of the week but I mean wtf...They are now called "The Horse"
1	Don't bother. The girls were stand-offish, place was not busy and they didn't seem to care.
5	Great strip club. Very debonair. I'm vip host for 15 strip clubs on or near the Las Vegas Strip. I can get free transportation the horse with a waived cover charge. You just have to buy 2 drink minimum for $33 and I'll add a free drink card to give a total of 3 drinks. My name is Teddie, give me a call at 702-858-8487 or 702-858-TITS. I have the ticket to titty city!
5	Went here Saturday night, the parking lot didn't look full so I went in anyway & glad I did. I went with my wife and we had a blast. The girls are super friendly, they don't come bother you or become annoying like most Gentlemen's club out here. The waitresses are super cool as well and friendly. The G.M. (Derrick) is an awesome guy. He introduced himself to us and wanted to make sure we were having a good time. This will be my new strip club.
5	Free party bus picked us up from our hotel and we got free drink tickets.  Then the Manager sent us free shots.  Saw some crazy pole tricks.  Had a great time.
1	I had the contrary experience of some of the people on these reviews. The girls where very stand-offish and insisted heavily on trying to go into the VIP. I wouldn't mind so much because everyone is out for business and I may have chosen to go VIP near the end of my night. I had just walked in and we both got these two girls and the story went sour. We left within 20minutes. On the other hand the doorman Mike gets a 5/5 for his services and hospitality. Since we got swamped immediately by the two that wouldn't budge - I cant even comment on the other girls or strip club in general.
2	Time of visit: Thursday afternoonpros:1. the bartendres...she was fr*king hot !!!!2. friendly / welcoming vibe...employees....bar girls..strippers...3. learned of a new drink...zing....local vodka...tastes fantastic...cons;1. the bartrednress was just way too good looking; basically, she made the strippers in there even uglier.....all the attention was going towards her2. not very attractive strippers..3. ......nothing to mention for 3rd conoverall:suggestion to management...hire a less atttractive bartendress....that way, more of the focus would go to to the strippers.....i didn't spend too much time there so take my review with a grain/shot of ...zing
