5	Outstanding Food Truck Experience! Went to Vin Masters last night for a wine dinner - Pullis Wines  paired with Hot Box Food Truck. It was really a fun venue and the food produced on the truck was delicious! We started out with their version of Crab Benedict, which was a light crab salad on a Bean Pancake ! Topped with the most wonderful Hollandaise! Next was a deconstructed Salad with Avocado, Roasted beets and Goat Cheese...Great!  Then Shortribs braised in Vanilla and Expresso with Roasted Brussel Sprouts and Cheese and Roma Tomato Grits! Ended it all with a Great Figgy Cake!! The Chef came in with each course and explained all his cooking..I will be looking for this truck everywhere !!  Keep your eye out for the HOT BOX TRUCK!!
4	I had always seen this food truck outside of my office on Wednesdays, but never really gave it  a second look or even considered the menu.... MAN was I missing out!!!  Its got a unique menu of eats that will satisfy anyone's hunger (and curiosity!).So I will have to admit, I had brought my lunch to the office, but apparently my portioning was off since I was still hungry by the time I had finished.  I looked outside and saw the food truck and thought to supplement my lunch with a side from the truck.  Little did I know, I was blown away by the menu.  Ended up trying the Cheese & Herb Risotto Fritters w/ Fire Roasted Pepper & Arugula Aioli.  YUMMMMMM!  It is a mouthful of a description, but the flavor and satisfaction after eating them was even more so!Going to have to try their regular menu items.... The Kimchi ramen Grilled Cheese looks very promising as does the Reuben.  The other unique part of this truck is their sweet selection:  cookies... they are 3 for $2 and you get to choose from Spicy Dark Chocolate Oatmeal, Lemon Sugar, and Orange Cranberry Almond Cookies.Next time I see this food truck, I will be thrown' some bows to get to the front of the line and placing my order.
4	I stopped by this food truck in uptown today  to grab something for lunch. I went with the cauliflower and potato curry and opted to add smoke chicken. It was great! My curry was flavorful, huge, and extremely hot (temperature wise, not spice). My curry had a tad too many peppercorns which added nice spice, but they should have been more finely ground. It was $7 plus $2 for the added chicken and then tax. Not a bad deal!The food is made to order right there by the chef, so it may not be your best bet if you're in a hurry to get back to the office.
4	Another stellar food truck option in charlotte. I ate here last weekend at the D9 craft brewery grand opening. There's just something about craft beers and food trucks that makes me feel like my life's complete :) Everything we had was excellent. I had the Reuben sandwich  while my wife had the chicken pita and my son had the Kim chi grilled cheese with ramen noodles. I tried a little bit of everything and would honestly order it all again. The food was phenomenal!  I've come to know quite a few food trucks in charlotte and this one is near the top.
5	Amazing portions for the price! Got the chips and dip - swear to god they put crack in it (so yummy). Also got the risotto fritters, ramen, and tomato grit stack. The chef asked what level of hot for the ramen which was nice. The roasted tomatoes and mushrooms with the grit is yummy as well! My only complaint would be that they gave me so much topping for two grit cakes - I wish there was a third one.
4	If you see Hot Box tooling around Charlotte pull over and get you some!Their menu is varied and interesting.The ramen I sampled, while not traditional ramen in a deep broth, is lovely and satisfying. Their potions are generous and you will be full and happy.
