5	This is another place I kind of feel ashamed to show my face. Again, because I'm a regular. And for some reason, I feel awkward about being a regular. But these are my own hang-ups and totally irrelevant to how spectacular this place is. I was first taken here by a friend of mine who, as it is with most of my friends, loves food. I think I spend most of my time talking about food, to be honest. Anyway, the deal with this place is that it's a hot pot. Or at least that's what I've been told it is. So, you order a soup flavour. It can be vegan or meaty (there's nothing in between). You tell them how spicy you want it too. Regular spicy makes me feel like a cartoon character spewing flames. So, if you're sensitive to spice, don't do it. It'll hurt. I mean, I lived in Mexico, but this place makes me feel like a wuss. So yes, soup. Then you order loads of different foodstuffs: noodles, seaweed, tofu, mushroom, if you're veggie. Prawns, ham, beef, scallops, crab sticks, etc, if you're not. Then (one last step in the ordering process) you choose sauces: garlic, peanut and sesame and satay. Please be warned: if you want to impress a date, don't go there. You will get covered in food. And sauce. And stuff. So, what you do is you get your soup that gets put on a hot plate. Then you get all your meats and stuff (these come raw). Then you put that in the soup until it cooks. Then you take it out with something that looks like a miniature fishing net, except made out of wire (I'm sure there's a word for this), dip it in the sauce (or if you're like me, lather it) and then eat it. It's really quite simple. As far as I'm concerned, this place is an awesome eating experience. I'm not Chinese. This might be more standard there, but for me it's kinda fun cooking my own food. And and and! It's all you can eat, to boot! All at the fixed price of around 15 pounds. I've left there feeling sick, but as we've been over before, I have no self control.
3	Good hands on experience - pick your food then dunk it in a boiling cauldron of stock to cook. Not overly expensive and if you pick a busy time you get a free sauna into the bargain.
5	hot hot. yes yes.What a gem in the rough. I've been craving hot pot / steam boat for quite some time now and to find it in Edinburgh, wow!We ordered the "special soup" which is half 'normal', half 'burn you a new one like there's no tomorrow' Szechuan spicy soup. As per other reviews you basically tell them what kind of soup you want, what you don't eat and they take it from there.Food quality was good and plentiful, and service was great with both proprietors of the business regularly checking to ensure we had enough food. We asked for a few more prawns and a liltle more squid and were shocked to receive eight whole prawns, a crapload of calamari plus fishballs brought out - couldn't finish it all to be honest :( took a pic of the "second helping"They were sold out of beer so I settled for a couple of Irn Brus instead - no big loss in my opinion - however make sure you have a cold drink handy if ordering the spicy soup. Come to think of it, also have a toilet bowl handy a few hours post meal if ordering the spicy soup. Not a criticism rather a reflection on the authenticity of the spiciness ;)Will definitely be visiting again in the not too distant future I hope.footnote: Proprietor came out for a quick chat after the meal and was very proud of his handiwork, he noted that he was from the Chinese province famous for "spicy as fcuk (not the clothing)" [my words, not his] soup ... I can say it was as hot as other authentic Szechuan soups I've had...TOP TOP TIP TIP: Don't forget to bring your own napkins/serviettes/tissues/foodwipeyclothes - hot hot pot pot can become messy messy due to food food go splash splash. but still yum yum
4	It's like a dodgy neighborhood restaurant you'd expect to find inside The Matrix.Stepping into Hot Hot on one late weekday evening was like entering a sleepy yet distressed, surreal greenish-yellow tinted world.  I had expected Agent Smith to step out to greet me.They had no Coca Cola, or any kind of soft drink, in fact.  Nor ice.  There was a choice of hot tea or aloe vera drink.  The latter would do just fine against the spicy that was to come.For GBP 22.00 a head (looks like the price has risen) a guest can have AYCE sliced beef and lamb, whole tiger shrimps, fish balls, assorted mushrooms, seaweed, imitation crab meat, fish fillets, glass noddles, dried bean curb skin, soft tofu, cabbage, spinach, quail eggs and rice cake slices.  Pretty sure I've missed a few items more.  Four sauces plus chives were all inclusive in the price.Come hungry.
