5	If you know what a real bagel is... then you will understand that this is where you can get a real bagel! Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even. not to mention a great basic egg bagel. Then you have enormous sized sandwiches. And red potato salad to die for. The fruit salad is also amazing fresh cut on site fruit- not your typical nasty slimy fruit salad. Great food. Best bagels. Good atmosphere and in a great location.I took my Manhattanite-turned-Socal girl friend here and she was SO EXCITED to have a real NYC bagel. enough said!
5	Bins of bagels? Check.Tubs of cream cheese in the case? Check.Assorted salads? Check.Snapple? Check.Big huge fish in the case staring up at you? Well, it was almost there.  I won't lie, these bagels aren't half bad.   They have a great selection and the line moves at a good pace, its well controlled.  I was in and out with a really good bagel in no time flat.   The bagel itself was very good, only slightly over doughy, but the outside was nice and crisp.  The cream cheese was also good, it melted perfectly in my toasted bagel.   They have a whole fridge with a great assortment of Snapple.  Really, it is all I could probably ask for in a bagel shop here.  I've giving it 5 stars, but really its a 4.5.   It's a quick drive into Fountain Hills for me but for your average person its probably a bit of a trek.
5	This place rocks, and rolls, and bagels.  The deli sandwiches are huge and fantastic.  Especially the Italian Sub and the triple decker club on an everything bagel.  Sides are pretty good too.  Cucumber salad is a good choice becasue the sandwiches are huge.  This place is a real gem for FH- especially if you don't feel like rolling all the way down to Chompies.
5	The bagels at DJ's are great and they have a lot of choices in their menu. It's a great place to go for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. I enjoy their bagel sandwiches (including breakfast sandwiches), their salads (especially their caesar salad with bagel chips), their omelets, and their orange juice. They also have green tea. It's just China Mist, but most restaurants don't have green tea, and it's pretty good (fresh brewed).A bagel sandwich costs about 6 or 7 bucks (depending on what kind) and comes with a side. Sides include potato salad, macaroni salad, cucumber salad, and potato chips.They also have good cinnamon rolls and muffins.Check 'em out if you get a chance!
4	The huge sandwichs are good for lunch, but don't miss out on their breakfast omelets. Its a great place to people watch on Saturday mornings. I have honestly never had their bagels, because I am too in love with their egg creations.
5	The food is great but it's the service that never fails to impress. The employees seem to be young, high-schoolish age and that often leads to indifferent service. Not the case here. Friendly, helpful and very knowledgeable about the menu.
4	Nothing bad to say about this bagel shop. Def one of the prized cafes in fountain hills. I enjoy the bacon egg and cheese on an everything begal witha little honey mustard. Fresh fresh begals and delicious eggs! A must try if you are in the hills!
5	If you ever visit Fountain Hills, you must stop off for breakfast or lunch at this remarkable Bagel shop. My wife and I had lunch there. I ordered a peppered turkey with salami and pepper jack cheese on an everything bagel. The bagel was toasted just right...not burnt. They aren't stingy on the meats either. When you get your sandwich, you wonder how in the heck are you going to take a bite out of it, cause it's huge!! For the sides, instead of ordering chips, you can have potato, pasta or cucumber salad. My all time favorite is the cucumber salad which has cucumbers, scallions and celery. It is a refreshing salad. This place is a whole lot better than going to Chompie's.
4	I am a morning person. I hate going to the gym on Friday mornings. The only good thing that I get out of it is going to DJ's when I am done. It's always clean and even though it's always busy, the line moves really quickly. I actually wish it would move a little slower so I can look at everything they have, but the best so far is a turkey bagle on 7 grain and of course toasted. The girls who work there are all young, but always have quick answers to all of my questions. I love it!!!
5	Awesome place for breakfast.  Haven't been here for lunch, but everytime I'm here visiting my wife and I make it a point to stop here.  The bagels are top notch and we always have to fly some home with us.  The service is always friendly and quick, as well.
5	Mix great breakfast food with even better service and what do you end up with?  A visit to DJ's Bagel Cafe.We snuck out for a quick breakfast bite and scanned the strip malls for places to eat.  I remember seeing "cafe" so we walked on over.  Turns out its a bagel place but heck we're here and well, its packed.There was a special bagel sandwich, somebody's special bagel... with 2 scrambled eggs, bacon, thin sliced ham, sausage patty, and cheese on a lightly toasted bagel.  It puts McDonald's Egg McMuffin to shame.  And some fresh OJ to boot and you've got yourself a meal.Service was wonderful, the gals were friendly and helpful.  An enjoyable dining experience.
4	Einsteins and other chain bagel haunts have done a good job of schmearing our expectations when it comes to bagels and sandwiches.  The absolute mediocrity of their offerings have all but ensured that I only drop by in desperate breakfast circumstances.  But those low expectations were changed with DJ's.  No dry and endless chewable bagels here.  Everything is moist and vibrant and I have reason again to consider the bagel as adequate end tables to my sandwich selections.  Great place in a great little town.
4	I was late for golf this morning, so I wasn't able to grab anything for breakfast.  Heading to We-Ko-Pa I was going through the culinary desert of Fountain Hills, so I thought I would look for a breakfast place.  A church had just let out (yes, on a Wednesday morning) , so I decided that I would follow the church members.  It was a good idea, and a bad idea. The good part was that they led me to DJ Bagels.  The bad part was that with all the church members, it was crowded.  It was mostly an older crowd, so being old, but fast, I darted to the front of the line and ordered their special breakfast sandwich, which was the first thing on their blackboard.  And was it ever good!!  It had bacon, ham, egg, sausage, your choice of cheese, and your choice of bagel.  All for $4.99.  What a great breakfast sandwich.As I waited for the sandwich, I took some time to look at their full menu, and watch the servers take the orders to the customers.  The service was great - and the servers seemed to know a lot of their customers.  And even with the crowd, they always seemed to match up the order with the right person.  And their menu was enticing, a lot of natural choices, and really interesting combinations.From now on, when I golf in Fountain Hills, I know where to go for a quick breakfast.
4	Nice atmosphere, friendly staff , clean and happy staff.  Lox and cream cheese with capers on a toasted garlic... YUMMMM
5	Best bagels outside of Chicago - Hands down.  For the longest time, my family and I thought Chompie's was our only option for bagels...dry, hard bagels...until we found DJ's Bagel Cafe right around the corner from their house.  I have never eaten breakfast there, but their bagels will keep us going back every week.  With a Baker's Dozen of bagels on sale every Friday, I know when I come to visit my parents from Tucson that I will always have some quality bagels to take back with me.  Great service, great bagels!!!  HIGHLY recommend!!!
4	Great bagels & bialeys!  Service was great, food was fresh, bagels & bialeys were like NY! I'll be a regular here! Also check for specials on Tues & Fridays
5	Taylor ham, egg and cheese on an everything bagle toasted followed by 18 holes at desert canyon.... Amazing
5	This is a short one since it's not based on much. My boss brought these bagels in this morning, so I didn't experience the exceptional customer service that other reviews mention. I have no idea how clean the place is or if the location is any good. I do know that these bagels are great. I picked a sesame bagel which was particularly dark, toasted it and added some light plain cream cheese. Delicous. (And I usually have a policy against lowfat dairy!)I'll have to go check out the place next time I'm up there.
5	This is not only the best bagel place in the area, but possibly the best in the state. I come from New York where we believe we invented all good food, but especially the bagel (and pizza, but that's another story).I have to admit that after living in Chicago for 30 years I never found a place there (that's still open) that makes a bagel as good as these are.All varieties (even the fruity ones), a smoked salmon spread that they didn't just wave the lox over, and a bagel and lox plate reminiscent of the good old days.Service is outstanding, and yes, I've never been there when it's not crowded, but there are almost always tables available outside, and even inside, the crowd is friendly.I would say that if you enjoy a good bagel, you don't want to miss this place.
4	Its was a busy little place, but they had really great bagels and breakfast choices. We stopped in there for a quick bit to eat several times when we were in the area. Their "everything" bagel didn't have as much of "everything" on it as I like, but I thought the bagel, egg, ham, and cheese sandwiches were awesome! Good coffee too!
5	Yum.   This place makes an amazing bagel sandy!  Bobs special is amazing.  It's not on the board anymore but it comes with heaps of different types of meat, cream brie, roasted red peppers and many other mouth watering ingredients sure to please!  It's a gem!
4	I live nearby and really like this place. They make their bagels fresh every morning and they make their own cream cheese. I like my everything bagel with the nova cream cheese. Yummy!  They get busy on the weekends very early and once they're out of something, they're out. They always have a lot of everything but I've been there later in the morning on a Saturday and they were out of a certain kind of bagel.  Sooooo good!!!
5	Everything about this place is AWESOME!  I would eat here every day if I could.  Some weeks I do.
5	I frequent DJ's Bagel Cafe. I have NEVER ordered anything that I didn't enjoy. They are very accommodating to special requests (adding or subtracting things off salads, putting feta cheese on a bagel sandwich instead of chedder, ordering something that isn't on the menu)DJ's portions are substantial. A side of potatoes takes up a whole plate, they stack the meat on their bagel sandwiches, their salads fill a dinner plate and are piled high. Their omelets are perfectly cooked on the grill and stuffed full of yummy ingrediants. Their bagels are the perfect amount of chewy and so well seasoned (when you get a flavored variety).I usually get the Caesar Salad or the Greek Salad. The Caesar salad is really something special, the croutons are large garlic asiago bagel chips. Amazing. The Greek Salad dressing is delicious. On the side of Bagel Sandwiches, or even with salads, I always get a 1/4 pound of Macaroni Salad. Their recipe is out of this world. Just the right amount of dill and relish. I love it.DJ's has a variety of pastries, rice krispie treats, croissants, etc. Every item that I have tried has been top of the line.On top of everything, everyone at DJ's is really friendly and helpful. Even when there's a long line, it doesn't take a while to get your order in and PLUS- they have DIPSY DOODLES. I haven't seen them since I lived on the East Coast, and they are so salty and awesome.I never miss a chance to head to DJ's bagels.
2	I was excited to try Dj's bagels after reading all the positive reviews.  I arrived and it was quite busy, still looking good.  I ordered a bacon egg and cheese on garlic and a dozen bagels to go.   After I took my seat I started rifling through the bagels and they were all quite hard.  I tore open the egg and rye bagels and they seemed old.  I asked the staff if they may be day old bagels and they assured me that they were freshly made same day.  I know what fresh bread tastes like and what it feels like.  Can someone from the management please help me understand why the bagels were all stale?  Do you make them on site or are they baked very early in the morning?  I was completely underwhelmed by the bagels.  On a positive note the Dj's Brewed coffee blend was good.
5	Fresh, tasty and sumptuous...  We've been going to DJ's for years and the food quality is consistently good.  Jeff Mixes up the menu every so often and Try the Salads !  Lobster bisque... great homemade soups... Bagel Sandwiches and Wraps are very good..
5	As soon as I moved here every one of my neighbors told us to try this place. It got to the point where I was almost annoyed thinking one of them owned it. It truly is the best bagel shop. I grew up on the east coast where we take our bagel buying seriously...it was tradition to get bagels every Sunday after church until I was 18! Am I credible yet?Anyway, great place. My husband got the churizo breakfast burrito, and I got an everything bagel with cream cheese, bacon, and egg. We didn't talk to each other the whole time we were eating. This is our new Saturday breakfast place with our kids. Service is always friendly. The fresh squeezed orange juice is just as amazing. Its astonishing that they charge less than 4 bucks for them! How does the burger king stay in business when this place is open right next door for lunch?!
2	I went there for breakfast this morning and let me tell you I hate coming here because of the service. The girls helping you are rude and don't seem to want to be there, the bagels are tasty but the cream cheese it way to expensive. Its the only place in FH that has bagels with lox that tastes decent.
4	DJ's cinnamon rolls are the best. Whenever I need a favor at work I stop at DJ's first.
4	Awesome bagel shop. Definitely reminds me of Jersey bagels. Dont order a veggie omelet though...mushrooms taste like can. But everything else is super delicious.  Love love love me some bagel!
5	original Long Island, NYer here from Babylon. This place is the real deal... bagels are awesome and they even have salt bagels too! This place rocks I will be coming back!
5	Amazing place. If you come to FH you have to go to this and get a bacon, egg, and cheese. Your life will forever change.
2	I don't know how this place is busy.. Every time I go its day old bagels at best last time I had about 2 bits and trashed the rest of it.. I also tried the breakfast sand.. it was interesting to say least bagel was hard had about a bite of it then trashed it. I deffently dont plan on coming back. Service is friendly thats why I am giving 2 stars and a stretch however food is lacking.
4	Fantastic bagel place!  Quick and get the order right each time. I would love to see them carry other milk options for coffee but the bagels are so worth it. Great hometown feel and portion sizes are generous. Very friendly service.
2	The last two times I went to DJ's I had bad experiences. 1. There was a dark hair in my bagel sandwich.2. There was a lady bug in my Greek Salad. I think I'll be skipping DJ's from now on. Too bad, because I loved it.
5	Best bagel place around! Great breakfast and reasonable. Wonderful service! Great sandwiches with lots of meat. Also great salad selection. Highly recommend DJ's
5	This place rocks my socks. My two faves are the healthy Beth wrap and the light tuna wrap, their bagel with lox is delish as well. It is very busy, but definitely worth it. I wish they had more locations, but when I am in FH, I make heading to DJs a priority!!
4	I love the Big Kahula Tuna Wrap and the sides that come with it. Canolis are also great. This place was recommended to me by a colleague, I'm glad she did :D I have to agree with a user below though, girls here are a little rude and don't have great customer service - very bad for overall outlook on this business!
2	I will no longer buy bagels here anymore. No matter which kind you buy they all taste like an onion/garlic bagel...even the cinnamon sugar!
1	These people are clearly rating themselves.  Stay away. Ordered 4 egg & cheese on tasted bagel sandwiches.  One minute later they're brought to our table. Sounds good right?  Except it takes longer than one minute to cook eggs and toast bagels. The cold rubbery eggs were obviously cooked long before we arrived. Bagels weren't toasted.  Cheese was that awful "American" stuff that comes in slices.  Should have cut our losses but decided to get a baby cannoli.  Must have been 3 days old. Cream was dry and pastry was soggy.Don't believe the ratings. This place is a fraud.
5	This place is the shit. The absolute shit. The sandwiches are piled high with meat and fresh veggies, the pastry goods are delicious (the effing cannolis are so damn good) and holy cow, in the winter no place has better soup than DJ's. The baked potato soup and italian wedding soups will remind you of your first orgasm. I cannot understand how you could not rate this place high, I have only had excellent experiences here, no hygiene issues, only friendliness and great food. The abundance of girls under the age of 18 is slightly unnerving but to each their own I guess.
5	Fast and courtious service. All kinds of bagels and all types of toppings. I love the walnut cream cheese they have. I've only ever found this type of cream cheese in one place ever and that was in some small deli in Brooklyn New York a couple of years ago but I've been craving it ever since and this place actually has it! It's now my official bagel spot. I moved to AZ a year ago and I am so glad I found this cafe. The bagels are made fresh and I have yet to find anything negative to say about this place. They have tables outside if you dont like eating breakfast in doors. Good atmosphere.
5	Excellent food. Great prices. The only place on the west coast with properly prepared bagels. Friendly and polite staff.
5	Great sandwiches, great bagels, amazing service. Always come here when Im in Arizona.
5	This may be fountain hills best spot for breakfast! Or the best spot that I've found anyway.. For Under $13, we got a 2 item omelette (bacon/cheese) with bagel & cream cheese, coffee and a breakfast bagel!  Portions were great and service was quick. Place can only hold about 30 and tends to always be busy when I'm here. Definitely should check it out if you want good breakfast in FH! I'll be back whenever visiting family
