5	I am giving them 5 stars because of all the rental services I have used in the past, this company had top quality machines, very fair pricing, nice service, and they deliver. My daughter had her 4th birthday party this past weekend and we did a carnival theme. I wanted to rent a popcorn machine, cotton candy machine, and a hot dog machine. I was able to get all 3 plus the nice carts on the the popcorn and cotton candy machines for less than their competitors charge for the machines alone without the carts. Emailing back and forth with the company to set up the initial rental and to get quotes was simple and fast. Ray, the owner, was super nice on the phone and scheduled my delivery for around 8 AM the morning of the party. The company is located in Litchfield Park and my home is in Chandler so YES they do deliver all over the Valley. The delivery charge was very fair. The delivery man showed up on time, he even gave us a courtesy call 5 minutes before arriving which was great. He carried all of the machines into the house and then told me how to use them all, he was very nice about it and informative as well, answering all of my questions and not making me feel rushed. He let me know he would be back to pick them up around 8 or 9 that evening, which was perfect for us, but that if we needed him to pick them up sooner to just give him a call.The machines themselves were clean, nice, and in working order. The hot dog machine was a huge hit as it cooked a ton of hot dogs at once and even cooked frozen corn dogs to perfection. Included with my rental were around 80 cotton candy paper cones and a huge thing of pink floss sugar, (you get a choice of flavors which you can see on their website), like 8 or 9 popcorn setups, (seeds that are already seasoned with salt and an oil packet), plus a ton of little popcorn baggies. Enough to make a boatload of popcorn, way more than we needed.Everyone at the party loved the machines and they really helped to set the theme. They have a huge selection of rental items on their website including things like inflatable bounce houses, tables, chairs, canopies, etc.The delivery man showed up at 8:20pm with a very nice demeanor, carted away all of the machines, and thanked us for our business.I would absolutely rent from them again and probably will very soon. Margarita Hut Rentals is an awesome company!
5	This company is the BEST for pricing, quality and CUSTOMER SERVICE!Ray was great in taking our order and payments over the phone since I was reserving from Seattle for my neice's birthday in Sun City. Day of the party, Daniel and partner (didn't get his name) came early and set everything up for us as planned.  I can't tell you how much stress that took off of the rest of the party planning/decorations, etc. I compared a ton of party rental companies before I found Margarita Hut, and now I won't use anyone else for our rentals again!!Thank you to Ray, Daniel and the team for your excellent service :)  My neice had the best birthday party ever!!!!
5	When preparing for my son's 4th birthday, I did a fair amount of research and price comparisons for bouncy houses. Some companies had lower prices but had terrible reviews. I wanted to avoid the stress and enjoy my son's party so I chose The Margarita Hut. Ray was wonderful. I quickly ordered what I needed without pressure to add more than I wanted. The bouncy house, tables and chairs were delivered early, which was great for me, and the fellas could not have been nicer.I will use this company again in the future.
