3	Watched the Saints Vikings season opener here last night on the two flat screens behind the bar. I felt they were set a bit high but it wasn't a big deal. They had a separate dining area which was nonsmoking. There was also two old style big screens, one in the bar and one in the dining area respectively. I wouldn't go there to watch a game in the dining area though, they started karaoke in the 4th quarter which would have driven me insane. Oh and I didn't have dinner here so this is just areview on the bar. Their slogan is "where the desert meets the delta" I guess they are supposed to have a southern swamp theme? Not sure the only thing I saw indicating a theme was the faux roof over the bar made of sheet metal. Decent selection on tap; standard domestic crap (just my opinion), Guinness, haywire, fat tire, New Castle (both brown and summer ale), a pear cider and a few others. There was a bottle selection but they didn't have a list and I was content with my Guinness. Bartenders were attentive without being smothering. A few pool tables, games, didn't see a dart board. All in all a fine little dive to enjoy a pint with friends wouldn't go out of my way to get here but would defiantly stop in if in the area.
4	This place, is one of those hidden jewels. There are some ups and downs. But the fact that we were there to eat, the food was very pleasing. On the corner of Craig and Lamb, also being next to a gas station, it stuck out with its big JUKE JOINT sign. We were looking for something new, something different and end up at Juke Joint. The outside look clean and going their a tad bit after 1pm, we notice that it did seem to be busy. We were kind of surprise in a way, that  they separated the bar and the restaurant. Usually going to a bar and grill, the bar is smack dab in the middle. But in this case, it was in separate rooms. Which was very interesting and I kind of like it. It was connected by doorways, but minimizing the connection from loud music and dining area, was enjoyable. You can still hear the loud music, but its not blowing out your ear drums, as if you were in the bar. Plus, the variety of music they have was pleasing. Since majority of the customers were in the bar area, we basically had a lot of options to sit in the dining area. It was spacious, for us to move around and relax. The scenery, was very settled, nothing really stuck out, except the big TV and a sign for Karaoke. We were greeted by a nice elderly lady, that knew our waitress was on the other side, in the bar room. So she was kind enough to give us a menu and go over the weekend specials. We were amaze on the pricing, for the food they were serving. A 10oz New York Steak, side of vegetable (mine was corn) and a choice of mash potato, bake potato and other choices ( I chose the baked Potato), all for $5.99, then of course I'll get it. I think the wife got a double cheeseburger special, which was $4.99 and it was more then she can handle. But we did start with some Nachos with chicken, and that was amazing. I wish I could of taken it home that day and save it for later. I don't want to forget the waitress we had, she was funny. I like the fact that she was able to entertain us and make sure we were okay. Even though she had to go back and forth to the restaurant and bar. That right there is a very dedicated waitress, who would go beyond her duty, to make sure her customers are satisfied. Another place, that I highly recommend to try. The food was great, the staff was very nice and the waitress we had was awesome. The pricing varies, but its affordable. Take advantage of the weekend specials, cause I believe they're worth it., Go during the slow times, mainly after 12, cause I'm sure you'll enjoy it more. If we had room for dessert, then I'm sure we would highly recommend it too. But we were so full, I just wanted to go home and sleep. For a place that's so far away from the norm, its a spot that you would really enjoy, at least we did.
4	My husband and I decided to come here because as usual we had a coupon and I'm cheap.  The first time we ended up getting the specials and saved more than the coupon would have, so win-win.  We enjoyed ourselves so much we came back within a week to eat there again, that usually never happens.    First visit he had a steak and I had a burger.  The food is nothing special but that's what I like about it, now hear me out.  Since moving to Las Vegas I've been to so many chains, casino places, or pretentious upscale restaurants.  Sitting in here eating basic bar type food away from the strip or a smoky casino with slot machines ringing was quite nice.  For the first time I felt like I wasn't in this town but somewhere back home.  This place is not trying to be anything than what you see.  The bar is separated from the restaurant and while I could hear the jute box from that side it wasn't loud.  Staff was friendly both times we were there.  The appetizers we tried were the nachos and quesadillas.  I'd love to come back here to try more of the menu.  So far the burgers are decent but the pulled pork was only okay, the mashed potatoes were bland and the mac and cheese was not impressive.  My husband enjoyed his steak and they do advertise a huge chocolate layer cake that looked really good.  Plus they have breakfast specials for like 1.99 or 2.99 or something just freakin' unbelievable like that.
4	Ok, being big-time Barry White fans (wifey and I), I was thrilled to see this place for the first time over a year ago when I first started doing my Reno/Las Vegas run. Barry 'sings' a song where he mentions the "Juke Joint". As an aside, on Quincy Jones CD, he refers to it as "Jook Joint", but that's no matter.So, I've been driving past this corner for a year and a half, and finally I decide it's time to dive in. Sign outside touts "Steak and Eggs - $4.99". That's a sign that's just calling my name. Not a lot of people here at 6:30am, so parking was not an issue for my tractor. When I walk in, I'm the only living soul to be seen. I wandered around checking the place out. Finally, a gentleman comes out and points me to "anyplace I want" to sit. He brings the menu and coffee. I order the steak and eggs special. Eggs over easy, rye toast, and country fries. I get my order fairly quickly. It's a plate-full. Now, ya gotta understand, at $4.99, you aren't getting a filet, a T-Bone, or even a rib eye. You're getting a slab of meat that's grilled the way you order  (med-rare for me), and the accompanying steak knife. You need this knife, cuz the meat is a bit on the tough side. But, as I said above, for $4.99, this is what you should expect to get. I was not disappointed, nor should you be if you go for the $4.99 steak and egg special. The eggs were prefect, and the two slices of rye toast were pre-buttered. The potatoes were done as I asked, and had some bell peppers and onions mixed in. Good stuff. The nearby hotel I stay in has the usual morning breakfast, and I was just tired of the all-carb offering. I was after some protein. This filled the bill. I think I'll make this a regular every other week stop. Since I was the ONLY customer in the place for most of my visit, it was quiet as a tomb. When another gentleman came in, it was STILL this quiet. I'm sure later in the day, life picks up. I wish I could check this place out in the evening, but my job prevents it. Drat! I live in Reno, so my chances of stopping by in the evening are nil (unless they shut down Hwy 95 and I can't GET back to Reno).
2	Cheap bar food, decent service, and subpar beer.  I wasn't too impressed with this particular bar.  When I go to a bar, I want two things: decent bar food, and craft beer.  JJ had New Belgium Fat Tire and Sam Adams Boston Lager listed as "Imports" on the beer list.  Classy.  At least my Fat Tire amber tasted pretty good. I ordered one of the specials, the pulled pork and garlic fries.  The fries were thin and cooked up from frozen fries.  The garlic powder was some cheap powder from a jar.  The pulled pork was ok, but there wasn't much flavor.  It was pretty generic tasting.  If you are in the neighborhood and want cheap bar food, I would recommend going up Craig road a bit.  This place is pretty mediocre at best.  If you are into craft beer, forget it.  This place pretty follows the norm on beer.  I think I will skip this one next time.
4	its really layed back and a nice place to chill and have a beer. breakfast for $1.99 before 10am cant beat thatreally nice service!!!
1	Decided to stop in and have lunch at this dive bar.  I am a local and I don't have a problem with bar food or the bar atmosphere, but I wasn't impressed with the service here.  I did get my lunch quickly, but the bartender was not very attentive and there were few people in the bar (maybe 6).  I gambled $40.00 and got charged for my ice tea.  It took her forever to get me my check & I had to get back to work.  My biggest issue is that she dropped the "F" bomb several times.  I get that it is a bar but you should be more aware of your customers.
3	Every time I've been here it has been nearly empty. The service is fairly quick and the food is about what you would expect.  They have a 2 for Tuesday special (buy one entree get another one free) which is a good deal.  They also claim to have a 10 minute lunch guarantee (which I have yet to test).
1	This is for the Restaurant not the Bar. I Had a Coupon so I  tried it out. The Drinks were OK - priced at $ 4.00 each. The Fried Okra and Mushrooms were heavily Battered so the Hot Oil would explode in your mouth when you took a bite. The Beer Battered Onion Rings were nicely cooked and I would have liked a few more for $ 6.00. The Angus Beef  Brisket had a Row of Fat in it, on a cold lifeless bun smothered in a unusual BBQ sauce. I would advise them to have Fresh Buns, Toasted and just use Cattleman's Sauce instead of their mixture of  a second rate sauce and Vinegar. Service is Swift and Efficient. I peeked into the kitchen and it looked clean. Even with a coupon I thought this plac eis just not worth it.  I could not eat most of the food due to itsincredibly bad preparation. I think this place only exists because of the Bar, from all the other reviews and the constant emptiness of the Restaurant it seems to be a One Time Visit.
2	Met up with a few co-workers here on St. Patty's day, expected bar to be much busier on such a well known drinking day.  We were pleasantly surprised when we came in that it wasn't super busy, our group was at the shuffleboard and a couple people playing pool and a few more randomly scattered around the bar.  After taking at least 10 min to order/get first drink, we now know why the place was less than busy.  Bartenders were too busy to even come take my order at the bar, STRIKE 1. After meeting with our group and throwing a cpl shots down the shuffle board we decided that we wanted to order dinner.  After tracking down our own menu, because the bartenders were again to engaged in their own conversation to assist us by providing a menu, I was finally able to track one down to ask tonmorder our food and beg for another drink as mine had gone dry. Due to our belief that a drink in a bar that is barely busy should NEVER go dry, STRIKE 2.  Our food came quite quickly the Mr ordered their corned beef plate and he really enjoyed it portions were a great size especially for the special price of $5.99.  I had club sandwich with garlic fries and was equally impressed, the sandwich while not hard to make some places really lack in caring how it's put together.  The fries were the favorite by all of us, in fact if we were to have stayed later we would have ordered more to go with the munchies and green beer! Finally the last of the bartenders working when we entered, was closing out tabs as she was leaving for the night.  We all handed in our form of payment and ordered last drinks, it took over an hour to get bills paid, drinks on table.  Two days later our payment had cleared our bank account, and there were two more charges 'pending' from the Juke Joint.  This finally resolved it's self, but my assumption is one to many shots when trying to close tabs not good for business. Bottom line, the bartenders are more interested in their lives or own stories than serving customers.  Calling a customer sweetie or hon only goes so far, when the situation continues to occur.  Pro's are the food was great, and since it's not busy the pool table and shuffle board have less competition.  The juke box was good, we all enjoyed the variety and had a good time playing some 90's music that you don't hear much anymore.  It's possible at some point we'd give it another try when that group is looking for a centralized location to hang out; but really my house is only a few more miles away...and service is much better.
4	Bar food is pretty mediocre, but the beer is good and everything is reasonably priced. Happy hour is all day before 6 pm, and you can get large frosty mugs of Fat Tire, Ranger IPA, Newcastle, Guinness, and others for $3. Service is hit or miss, but you can't beat the price on the beer. My favorite Vegas watering hole on the northeast side.
2	Went there for breakfast..  Very slow service... The cook really needs to taste his gravy for the biscuits .. Gross.....  French toast was cold... They had a nice big tv to watch while we were waiting 30 minutes for our food....to bad it was on kid shows...probably wont go back.....I miss big dogs around the corner.. :(
1	The music was so blisteringly loud that there was no pretense of being able to have a conversation with my friends. We left after one song, and no drinks. When I go out to socialize, I'd rather not just text my friends across the table.
2	Although the food was pretty good (probably worth 4 stars based on that alone), I downgraded them for pulling a bait-and-switch scam. They have chosen to be listed in the Entertainment Book (which will lure in customers from all over Las Vegas), but when you arrive with your 2-for-1 coupon, they refuse to honor it.
1	We came here last Saturday around 3pm, no one at the restaurant area except for the bar. Waited 20 mins for the food to come out, we ordered wings to start which tasted really good! However the waitress with the 3 sizes too small pants with a corset and 3 inches of muffin top never gave us plates and didn't come back out so we happily made a mess on the table. The cook brought out the food, my bf ordered the burger and fries for 4.99 which tasted good and I ordered the pulled pork BBQ sandwhich it was a little bland. The reason I'm giving 1 star is for the horrible service and the filth of the place, I posted a picture of the mustard bottle that looks like you can catch hepatitis by touching it, and bathroom stinks of urine and the waitress being as trashy as the dump in the back.
5	Good food and great customer service! Will be back!
1	My husband and I have driven by the place for years and we finally decided to stop and eat on a Sunday afternoon.  We waited about 10 minutes before anyone came by our table.  We ordered two burgers.  I cut mine in half and was overwhelmed by the smell of rancid meat.  Neither of us ate our burgers and I informed the owner that the meat was spoiled.  She rolled her eyes and walked away.  The waitress came over (the first time since she brought us our Cokes when we first arrived) to slap the bill on the table and comment on my "expensive" purse.  We were charged for our rancid burgers and insulted by the owner.  If I could give a ZERO star rating I would.  This place is a health hazard!
1	I want to rate them with no star. I knew when we walked in and saw no one there that we should probably leave. The "server later identified as the manager" was had such a nasty stretch marked covered muffin top hanging out of her TUBE TOP that I lost my appetite before we even got started. My family decided to order hoping that we'd discover a new hole in the wall place with excellent food. That didn't happen. Inside the men's restroom was a chalk board with racial slurs around a large drawn penis. I was served ice tea that was days old. My husbands Philly Steak and Cheese sandwich looked like gas station food. The bun was an XL while the actual meat portion was a Medium. The brisket my daughter ordered (she said) was rubbery,  so I reached across the table to sample some and asked her to cut the piece I reached for. While she held it down with her fork it stretched and then tore on my fork splashing bbq sauce across my face. I understood her "rubbery" description and didn't need to eat any. My frozen burger patty was covered in yellow lettuce and so I refused to eat it. My husband went to go get a manager to find out if any of our compliants could be addressed and the waitress who had just ridiculed my family in the kitchen said she was the manager. She spoke to my husband, a disabled veteran of the United States of America as if he was a criminal threatening to call the police if we didn't pay for the food. We didn't ask for the bill to go away we asked her to take off the frozen burger,  asked for another drink besides the old tea and we actually requested to add more meat to my husbands sandwich and to add additional topping to my daughter's salad. She was very stuck on the idea that we for some reason would just accept the food as served because she mentioned that she would charge us for extra meat amd salad toppings. I think to get my food served the way I like I could scrape up $2.25!! We waited a while for her to resolve that small issue but decided that we just want to go somewhere else. ANYWHERE else. We asked for our bill so that we could leave and asked that the untouched food be removed from the bill. But not before checking in with bar patrons to get their opinion about whether or not we were entitled to any help under the circumstances.  After she walked away from talking down to me she made a few phone calls and came back to tell my husband that she would ONLY take off my food. She said we ordered, food was served and that if we were umhappy to not come back. Ok, no problem on that lady, but that isn't how you treat your customers and when I mentioned that the "N" word in the bathroom was not a good look for the venue she said:"What do you want me to do? Did I write it?" There were a few more words exchamged but my husband decided that he'd just pay and then call Action News.
2	I only come here to see the football games. The food is over price the service is slow the food takes forever to come out. I dont see this place staying open for too long.
2	This place is a spot we have past for the last couple years and finally decided to give this bar a shot. When walking in there are two entrances, one leads to the bar while the other goes to the sit down restaurant area. The menu has a "Mardi Gras, New Orleans" vibe.. however the food has nothing to do with quality Louisiana  cooking other than names. I tried the chicken finger appetizer with the Stupid sauce which is basically blended habaneros and vinegar. The chicken fingers were 6.95 and came with 4 fingers, two pieces of celery and two carrot pieces.. THATS IT!! .. not worth 6.95.... I then tried the fish and chips for dinner and it came with 3 small pieces of fish that were cooked fair, fries that were very generic, and god-awful slaw. These were 7.95 and also not worth it. Wife tried the Mushroom Burger which came with garlic fries .. Burger was good and cooked medium and fries were generic with tons of garlic salt on them. I tried the Jambalaya and it tasted like perfume and was bland. Overall the food was very generic and the portions were skimpy and prices on some thing were not worth it. With that being said the drink prices are fair and not bad. I tried a bloody mary which came in a nice big glass and tasted good for only 2.50. The server did a fine job as she was running tables at restaurant side and also bartending. I would not give this place a 2nd try for food however I would think it was a good spot to grab a quick drink.
1	Poor food quality, limited menu, wait staff unable to handle our large party (12). Took two hours for low quality bar food
1	This place is awful and has horrible service. On Monday 50 cent wing night it took over an hour to get our wings and they were NOT busy AT ALL.  There was one other table with people.  Someone that joined our party late received their food 20 minutes before the rest of us did.  There were children in our party and they were not made to feel welcome in the restaurant area by staff.  I, and my friends with a large tab,  will not be returning... Ever.  I will not give another dollar to this establishment.  You shouldn't give your money to them either.  It just forced me to give a star rating.   I wanted zero but it made me choose again.  If I could I would pick zero stars.
1	I have been a regular at juke joint for years.. Take family from out of town for their cheap breakfast. We go there for .50 wings on Monday night. We went in on 8/25 to celebrate the 1st day of school with our kids. We had been there for a few hours.. Our kids had been at the toy machine that they have in there for KIDS..  They then sat down and were conversating. Some rude customer yelled at us to get our kids under control. They weren't out of line they weren't  running through the restaurant.. When we asked to talk to the owners about what happened they were no where to be found. We left and re-entered. We asked to talk to Jean (owner) about the rude customer. She was sitting with him.Funny how we were never asked about the situation.. But we had just spent over 150.00 on our food.. So we will never spend another dime at Juke Joint.. We have brought plenty of people to Juke Joint who we will make sure they never return!
4	Randomly drove by.. decided to stop and have some lunch. Menu has many options, I chose to get fish and chips in which the bartender immediately responded those are good. Food came out prompt and fresh. I was pleasantly surprised to see that they were hand battered in house fish sticks. I even ate the coleslaw it was really good. I will definitely be stopping back in to have lunch.Jamie my bartender was very pleasant even cracked a few jokes..gotta have their apple pie dessert shot.
5	My family and I went here for Thanksgiving dinner. The service was outstanding and the food was overflowing the huge plate. And it was delicious. All for $7.99. I will definitely go again and again.
1	I gave this place a shot looking for a decent restaurant with a bar next to our Hotel.  I read other reviews about the slow service and could see why with only one server to take care of 23 hungry customers.  I played it safe and tried their Jambalaya only to be disappointed after about an hour of waiting.  What I got was seasoned rice with a few pieces of shrimp and sausage laid on top of it.  The Garlic fries were soggy and when I turned them away was still charged for them because "I ate some of them"  I give this place 1 star for the beer and affordability.
