5	They were able to help me right away with great service PLUS they have their own tow truck and prices that cant be beat!! I have recommended to all of my family and freinds and would recommend to anyone. PLUS automatically with NO EXTRA fee you receive a 12 month WARRANTY w unlimited miles.
5	Just a few days ago my transmission started slipping a bit. Then on the 101 it started making some very nasty growling noises. Got into a parking lot and every gear acted like neutral; my transmission was TOAST!Looked into a lot of different shops and was really starting to question if I should even keep my van or just get a new one because of the high costs everywhere I called for rebuilt transmissions.I heard about Pete's Transmissions from a trusted mechanic. Because of their reviews on Yelp and a few other places I decided to go for it. When I called, Erica answered the phone. She was very knowledgeable and answered all of my questions to my satisfaction. When she learned that I drove a van she immediately asked if it was a work van. I said yes and she quickly figured out what it would take to get it done as fast as possible so that I can keep working. My van is my office, warehouse, workshop and lifeblood of my business!I had my van towed to Pete's Transmissions on a Thursday afternoon. Friday morning Erica called me letting me know I was good to go! Very good turnaround time! My transmission repair included a 12 month warranty and was HALF the cost of most other places I called!When you show up at Pete's Transmissions it is clear that they know what they're doing and they do it well!My old van is driving better than ever before!
5	I bought a '67 Chevy Malibu and within a week, the tranny gave out. I was pricing all other places and got quotes from $975-1400. Then I came across Pete's and the website was clean &direct. I called and the woman on the phone was very helpful in providing me info and told me $850 out the door. I thought about it and called back and got a gentleman  by the name of Clyde. He was friendly, confirmed the same info I was already given.  I had the car towed Friday Evening & by Monday I was told she was ready. The car runs excellent. The tranny is strong and picks up with ease. 110% happy with Pete's Transmissions and would send anyone there who needs Tranny work.
5	Pete's was great. I dropped my truck off at 1:00pm and it was done by 10:00am the next day. They were also the best price I found. It's been two weeks and my truck shifts perfect. Thanks Pete's.
5	I had my truck (2002 Chevy 1500 Auto transmission) fixed at petes, great customer service,  unbelievable price (super low )trust me you will not regret it, the shop looks awesome, And they aren't bogged down with other non transmission repairs, I will only go to  Petes from now on and refer everyone to Petes transmissions, he will give you a great quote and a great price, I can't say enough good thing about Pete, but you are the man, thanks to Pete and his creww.....
