2	OK...this has nothing to do with this U Haul location, but has everything to do with the policies they carry.  I rent a truck, state to state 1 way, truck is great.  They price matched budget truck and even got me some other freebies (blankets, dolly).  BUT...when you pick the truck up it was on 1/4 tank of gas.  They say bring back with at least a 1/4.  How am i supposed to know how gas I'm going to use?  How do I leave the truck with 1/4 tank of gas?  Get gas every 100 miles and not fill up?  When you have a policy like this the only person who wins in UHaul.  Rent a car, bring back full, why cant UHaul understand this.  Full is full, and its really easy to do.  "Sir/Mis, remember bring the truck back full or its $5 a gallon."  No problem, but to bring back at 1/4 tank, and if its over that, thanks!!!!!!  Bad policy by UHaul.  BTW, this site, easy to find and the guy who checked me out, did that, checked me out.  Once again this is about UHaul and the shitty policy they have!
4	I don't know about rental trucks, but I use this location to get propane in my truck, and have always gotten excellent service. In comparison to the Uhaul location on Arizona Ave, this place blows them away. I have never had to wait more than two minutes for an employee to come out to fill my tank, and would recommend this place to anyone who drives a vehicle that runs on propane.
5	I've rented a truck from this location a couple times, most recently this last weekend for a move. The prices are fair and easily calculated on their website. I needed to move my reservation up by a couple hours and it was no problem. The truck ran well, was clean, and had super cold A/C, a must when moving in Arizona summers.Returning the truck was just as easy. Cleaned it out, folded up the blankets, and put in some gas. I over estimated mileage in at the pickup so I got some cash back. Gas is also easy to figure out. The documentation will clearly state how large the tank is. For example: If your truck has a 60 gallon tank every 1/4 of a tank is 15 gallons. Simple math and you can get your tank where it needs to be upon return.
