5	My boyfriend and I went here for NYE for their special 8:30 PM 7-course meal with wine pairings.  It was AMAZING!  Sure, it was expensive but it was certainly worth it, and on non-holidays not nearly as pricey. One of the best meals I've had in my life (and I'm a tough judge).  Each dish both looked and tasted wonderful.  There were so many fine details to each entree; OK, I'm a sucker for presentation!  The sommelier and wait staff were very helpful and patient with us minimal French-speaking Americans. They're quite easy on the eyes as well.  :)Canadian dollars:2 prix fixe: $1802 wine pairings: $904 glasses of champagne: $80---------$350 (~$300 USD)
5	Lalaoux is an incredible if well known stop on the culinary tour of Montreal.  Traditional French everything.  Excellent food, elegant service, intimate space, and a very real and valuable sommelier all make a truly sensual dining experience.
4	Truly memorable. We had the Valentine's Day menu (offering for the whole weekend). I wasn't sure about some of the courses and was a bit surprised they didn't offer the main menu, but I stretched my palate and found there was nothing to worry about- everything was cleanly presented and full of complex flavors. It was five courses for $65- starting with an amuse bouche of a single oyster, with mango (?) and salt- simple and lovely and got our taste buds ready for more. 2nd course-  snow crab with apples topped with a thick sour cream foam- HEAVEN. It was accompanied by tiny potato chips- charming. Hubby had the lamb tartar- now, I don't like lamb in general, but I took a bite, and had to completely change my feelings- it was luscious and divine. If I didn't absolutely love my snow crab, I would have devoured his!  3rd course- I had this amazing bacon wrapped scallop with a foam (sorry- I can't remember what it was!) with celery delicately strewn about the plate. Hubby had a miss, unfortunately- it was a game meat soup (?) with attractive curly pastas encased in a puff pastry. The flavors were very mild, but the soup was thin and had no actual game in it. The pastry was flaky, but when disassembled, would fall into the soup and make it soggy. :(4th course- we shared the lobster risotto which was made with the knuckles and surrounded by the tail and claws. Beautiful presentation- and it came with assorted colored carrots that were simply prepared, yet full of flavor- French country cooking at its best. 5th course- by this time, I was stuffed! I had the fruit salad, which was a very original interpretation of your grandma's fruit salad. Cut into tiny pieces and topped with a frozen (I want to say) mango, but I can't be sure- maybe passion fruit? It slowly melted as you ate it and it was lovely. Also had a couple of very small broken meringue cookies interspersed throughout. Hubby had the chocolate cake with what I think was a raspberry sorbet. It also had a small dollop of a light white sauce, but honestly, I took a only small bite because I was going to explode. In a good way, of course!Entire meal took about 2 1/2 hours- this was both a good and bad thing for us. I know, I'm a stupid American (I own up to it), but felt hungry throughout until the lobster (and then 2 bites and I was suddenly stuffed!) and was always trying not to eat all the bread between courses. My American style way of eating out expects to have one course after another which, when you think about it, is pretty gross. It was nice in a way to have the advantage of lingering, but I fear I ate, not quickly, but certainly not at a snail's pace. I blame my frustration on the slow service solely on me. Sit! Relax! Smoke a ciggy in between courses! Enjoy!
5	Walking along the streets of Montreal, I tell my brother that I want some nice quality French food. I'm dressed in my tourist gear, and he's dressed  in his casual work attire... so we can't go into anywhere that is going to require someone to be ultra fancy. We're about to walk by Laloux when I say "what about this place?" -- their outside terrace drew me right in.We speak with the hostess and since we do not have a reservation, we would only be able to sit outside, as that was all they had available at the moment... which is perfect because that's what we wanted anyway!We were definitely underdressed for this establishment, but what I liked very much and respected, was that they did not treat us any differently because we were dressed casual. I've received improper treatment due to dress before, so kudos to Laloux.I started with the salad - very good, with veggies that were slightly cooked but still firm and not overdone/soft. There were mushrooms, radishes, asparagus, onions, and a few other greens in the vinaigrette. I will say that I was a bit nervous when this arrived as the contents of the salad. I'm not a big fan of radishes, asparagus, or mushrooms.... but it was delicious and I ate it all.The bread and butter was plentiful. My brother and I are not shy of carbs, so I think we went through 2.5 baskets of it, and had we wanted to continue eating it, they would have continued bringing out out. Fresh, warm bread with salted butter.The main course that I chose was the duck in a dandelion honey glaze, served with fork mashed potatoes with berber spices, collard greens, and long pepper sauce. It was delicious beyond my expectations. I don't order duck very often... when given the chance I'd normally order some kind of steak, or veal, or lamb... but the duck was calling to me on the menu, and if I could get duck to taste like this everywhere, then I'd surely switch my preferences. Very well done, and the potatoes and greens were a nice compliment.Lastly, we had the cheese plate. Since it was only $4 per cheese choice, we decided to get all 6 options and sample them all. They all sounded so good we couldn't just choose one or two! When the cheese plate arrived it was accompanied with pecans, almonds, and figs. The goat cheese coated with oak ashes was by far my favorite, with the organic raw milk cheese as the runner up.The cheeses we were able to enjoy were:Bleu d'Auveigne (blue cheese from France)Goat Cheese from Ste-Maure coated with oak ashesComtomme - compton Estrie - raw milk cheese, organicReserve de la Perade - Ste Anne de la Perade Mauricie organic 5 monthsComte du Jura: France 18 months oldSauvagine, St. Raymond de Portneuf, QuebecI love that this was off the main hustle and bustle of Rue Saint Denis, and although it is a bit on the more expensive side, it's not outlandish prices, and it's worth every penny. I would come back here in a heart beat the next time I visit Montreal.
5	Our B&B inkeepers recommended Laloux to us and after some deliberation (and 30 minutes of walking aimlessly in the snow) we ended up coming here.  I am so happy we did!  Our meal was amazing!  To start, our waiter was great.  Very personable, we always had a full glass, yet he didn't feel intrusive.  I loved the part when he told us in the begin that "We'll have a good time".  Just set the tone for the evening.Our meals were not dissapointing either.  I started with the beet salad which was incredible!  They were mixed with pomegranate seeds, pistachios, green beans and haloum cheese.  I would have never thought about mixing those flavors, but they all married so well.  My main delish was just as good!  I had the cod with hummus, olives, artichokes and lemon and it was bursting with flavor!  I can't say enough.  My husband ordered the parsnip soup and the gnocchi, both which he said were very pleasing as well.  It was such a nice, warm oasis in the cold, cold night!
5	The wine sommelier's at Laloux have be among the tops in Montreal. This meal was one of my most memorable meals in my life. The ambience was excellent, my group felt as if we were the only ones in the restaurant. The food was very, very good. Although the price was pretty high, this is a good bet if you'd like to spoil yourself a little bit.
5	Open on a Sunday! This is how we found Laloux, and it was a lucky find.  Our meal was pretty perfect.  Beginning:The grilled calamari appetizer is phenomenal.  The shallot vinaigrette made the green salad memorable.Middle:Pickerel fish- who knew?! So light and still tastyLobster terrine that looks like a large sushi roll- why not?!End:A very, very happy one.  Our shared desert was an elegant take on a chocolate delight: a brownie topped with mouse.  But, aside from the chocolate mouse that's rich (of course) but somehow not dense, paired with a very lightly sweetened creme, topped with toffee; the kitchen made the effort to divide the serving into one with the brownie and one without (for the gluten-challenged member of the pair).  Such thoughtful service!  I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant- any day of the week.  Not only will you enjoy a great meal, but you'll also venture to a neighborhood that's a bit off the beaten path.  Enjoy!Side note: the chef's dedication to only serving sustainably caught fish is a testament to ethics and creativity.  The effort is really, really appreciated by this reviewer.
5	I LOVED LOVED LOVED THIS PLACE. As far as a meal goes, it is hard to get any better! I got their 5 course sampler for ~80ish with wine pairing. The value out weight the cost. And for ten dollars extra, you can upgrade one of the appetizers to the foie gras. Totally worth it. The best foie gras i had. and the sparking rose wine that was paired with that was amazing! Close to one of the best meal i ever had. The five course meal ended up being 7/8 when they send out pre-appetizer, and two extra desert. We got three deserts... Amazing service as well. We got there late. 10PM when their kitchen closes at 10:30PM and we stayed until 11:45PM. We were the last customers there and not once did they hurry us. This is the best where everything is right. The service, food, atmosphere!!!
5	Great space the food was excellentThe desserts are to die forNot overly expensive or pretentiousMy Date was very impressed(:Service is good
5	We loved the food and the atmosphere at this Montreal eatery. Highlights of the meal included a compressed watermelon Asian-style salad, charcuterie with pickled veggies, a wonderful cold lobster dish, and the chocolate mousse for dessert. Very romantic, modern, and filled with light. Would highly recommend it for a special night out!
5	excellent service, presentation and food. 20-30$ for mains, 6-10$ for starters. meal was worth every penny. agreed: staff are attentive and easy going.
2	the potential was there, good looking food, anemic portions. but cold entrees, and cold service overshadowed the whole experience, at preposterous prices...hope this is productive feedback. - a disappointed diner who was rushed out from his table.
4	We wanted to try french food on our short stay in Montreal. Wish we could have stayed an extra couple of days to experience more cusine opts. We had an early dinner on a Monday evening passing by on our way to St. Agatha Monts. There were just a few tables occupied during our stay there, which surprised me. Most seemed like business casual folks. I had a duck magret. It was pretty good. But the portion was so small! I could have easily had 2 meals. The dish included beans and 8 or so slices of duck meat. No potatoes or rice so it wasn't filling. Maybe that's typical French cuisine. Small portions. The price was $25 for my dish. It seems that's typical price range in Montreal and for this type of food. I would probably return or try some other French restaurants the locals might recommend.
4	I live in the area and I have somehow never been to Laloux. This restaurant has been around for over 25 years but I have often overlooked it for newer glitzier restaurants. My wife and I finally went to Laloux a few weeks back and had a wonderful meal. It's not your typical French bistro fare but rather modern French food using local seasonal ingredients. My wife had scallops with curried cauliflower and I had duck 2-ways. Delicious. What impressed me the most was the presentation, which was outstanding for a restaurant in this price range. Only downside was the slow service. Definitely recommended!
5	Great food, not cheap mind you, but definitely fantastic value for high quality French food and generous portions. Nice ambience - feels like you've been transported to Paris. Stayed for a long dinner, and service was not rushed at all. Definitely will go back.
5	I took my girlfriend here on a Monday night. I've been all over Montreal and Los Angeles and this place is in my top 5. The service was impeccable. My girlfriend had food allergies and they completely catered to her needs. We had the tasting menu and though there were nuts in a half the dishes the chef made special plates for her. I highly recommend this restaurant. And don't fill up on the bread cause though it is amazing they will keep bringing it!
4	I went there for 'Taste MTL' week. Of the available menu, I had the seared trout, the beef tartar, and the profiteroles. I wish there had been more of the seared trout, as it was DELICIOUS. The beef tartar was quite good, but it included beets, which was a bit of a downer for me. And of course, the dessert was magical!Great wine selection, and the waitress was really friendly and extremely patient with my friend who tasted about 4 different wines before he finally settled.
4	Maybe I loved this because I had no expectations, but I think Laloux really is a stellar spot. It's relatively small, isn't trying too hard, but manages to execute very well on food at a rather reasonable price point. We stuck with a seafood heavy meal (a salmon, roe, sea app, arctic char with whelks and eggplant, and a local mackerel with gnocchi), swayed by the sustainability of the options, and only the appetizer wasn't a huge success. The japanese eggplant, served under the char, was literally mind blowing. If someone offered me a plate of just that, I would be more than happy: luxurious in texture, perfectly seasoned. The wine list is fairly interesting, reasonable. They ended the meal with miniature caneles on the house, which I didn't try, but looked like a solid version.Minus one because: there were a ton of bugs outside which I think could be partially scared off by some kind of candle/treatment and our server, while very nice, seemed to disappear, so was rather slow.
4	We went to LaLoux on a Sunday night whim, since it was one of the few places that took OpenTable reservations -- the sorrows of traveling without a local phone.  It turned out to be one of the best decisions we made that weekend.  The restaurant is crisp, clean, and has little "nooks" for couples to dine in relative quiet and peace.  It isn't rowdy, and service is never pressured.  It's a great place for a date or to celebrate a special occasion.We ordered the tasting menu for two (~$65 ea) without wine pairings (extra ~$20).  True to its European roots, our meal was a grand, three hour affair.  The "amuse bouche" was a fair-sized appetizer based off of fresh fruits.  There was a salad course, an appetizer (either quail or duck terrine), a main course of duck breast, a selection of cheese, and two desserts.  Since the selection will likely change, my overall impressions were that the cuisines were not traditional French, but played off very fresh, local food with intelligent connections between dishes.  For example, the appetizer and the main course tasted completely different, except for wild mushrooms that felt like they were placed to connect the experiences.  Excellent chef decisions all around.I guess the finest compliment I can give is this -- we just came back from having the tasting menu at Le Bernardin last month, and we preferred our meal here.
5	We showed up about 45 min early before our reservation but Laloux was able to get us seated anyway (despite the fact that it did get much busier after we had arrived).  Service throughout the evening was excellent - my French is awful and even though it was clear that not all the staff were super fluent in English, they made every attempt to answer questions we had about the menu as best they could.  Food was excellent from both a presentation standpoint as well as the taste.  Highly recommended.
4	Great modern French bistro. The beef tartare was the best I've every had. Other dishes were solid as well including the duck and sweetbreads.Service was impeccable as well.  Would of been 5 stars, but I found the seasoning to be some what inconsistent between dishes.Will go back again next time I'm in Montreal.
3	My partner and I went here on Saturday night based on the Yelp reviews.  We were somewhat disappointed.  While nothing was horrible, it was certainly not outstanding.  We had escargot for an appetizer.  It was just okay.  Maybe it was a bit chewier than others I had.  For the main course I had the Duck Confit.  It was decent, but nothing exciting.  Potatoes were alright.My partner had the Filet Mignon,.  It was cooked to his liking, but it was a bit tough.  It should cut like butte, but it was a bit hard to cut.I would maybe consider coming back, but my partner would definately not want to go back to this one.
5	Laloux will go down in infamy for being the absolute best meal we've had in a restaurant.  We came to Montreal for a few days to celebrate my husband's birthday.  Laloux was our "splurge" meal, although the prices are actually pretty reasonable compared to DC.  Especially when you see the quality of the ingredients, the presentation of the dishes, and the refined taste of each dish.  We started with the foi gras and sea urchin mousse.  Both were fantastic.  The foi gras was served with fresh honeycomb.  It was the best honey we've ever tasted!  For dinner I had the arctic char, and the mister had hanger steak.  Again both were so delicious. The meal was absolutely amazing.  We loved Laloux!
3	The food here is good and I like the decor but they over-season everything.For example, my chicken liver mousse had apple slices and a spoonful of honeycomb and some sweet purplish sauce around it; when I took a bite of the liver without any of the accompaniments it already tasted sweet and nothing like liver.If I wanted a cup of cream and sugar, I wouldn't have ordered coffee!
4	Really nice atmosphere and great service.  We had the beef tartar apetizer and then the flank steak and the scallops for our main courses, then lemon tart and dulce creme for dessert.  Everything was good and very beautifully presented.  Unfortunately though I have to agree with a previous reviewer who commented that there is just too much going on in the food.  Too many flavors in each dish - it almost overwhelms the beautiful, perfectly cooked scallops when there are golden raisins randomly floating in the nutmeg almond sauce!  The food alone set us back nearly $200, which is too much for the overdesigned meals, even though well-prepared.
4	What a great little spot with a kind of Mad Men vibe to it. We sat at the bar and I perused their 2 dishes + 1 dessert for $20 menu. I thought this would be a light meal option for two girls on the town who'd much rather fill their tummies with a sumptuous red wine. Well, I was mistaken. Though the dishes are a little paired down from their main menu counterparts, this 3-course meal is enough to sate a dinner appetite. I ordered the beets salad, the beef tartare and the macaron with sorbet. While my girlfriend and I shared a bottle of Rioja. Total cost for two with bottle of wine and 2, 3-course meals and tip: $107We had a pretty nice waiter and the bar area all to ourselves... nice!
4	I think this is a great little restaurant.  The whole experience starting from the design, service and menu was outstanding. The decor was simple, modern and classy without being overbearing.  The atmosphere was sophisticated with a smart casual vibe.  My kind of spot.In terms of food, the scallops, artic char, beet salad, butternut squash soup and deconstructed lemon tart were delicious.  When reading through the modern french menu, you almost think that there are too many things going on in each dish; however, they come together wonderfully.  I will say that you may need 3 courses to fill up though because portions aren't huge but they are adequate.  I'm going to give this place a solid 4 stars (border line 5) because the quality to price ratio is right up there.  The total bill for two (one glass of wine each, 2 mains, 2 apps and 1 dessert) was around $110.  If I lived in Montreal, I think I would be a regular here.  With that being said, I look forward to coming back to Laloux to further explore the menu.
5	My boyfriend and I had our valentines day dinner here. Our experience were truly memorable. Great service! And awesome food! Even my boyfriend, who does not like French food, really enjoyed his meal here. We got the $70 tasting menu. Everything was tasty and the order came very quickly comparing to the other fancy restaurants. Love love!
5	Not making a reservation well in advance makes lucking into an extraordinarily good dining experience all the more special. It happened for our party of 4 when we struck out at three places after delaying our attempt at a reservation on a Saturday night and ended up in a place we all emerged convinced gave us a dining experience as good or better than any of the ones we could not get a table at could have provided.The menu is brief but brilliant. Each dish was wonderously prepared and presented. The staff was attentive and had a command and confidence  about the food and beverages they served.We had Arctic Char, duck, beef and scallops. Each entre was outstanding and was complimented with perfectly seasoned and perpared an accompanied by just the right vegetable and starch. The wine selection was quite good and the somelier guided us expertly in choosing  surprisingly good, relatively inexpensive wine to go along with what we ordered.In a city with a multitude of fine restaurants, you will be hard pressed to find one more rewarding than Laloux!
2	The food was quite good, although at the price you're paying, it should be better. The bigger problem was that both my partner and I suffered horrible abdominal pains after the meal, destroying an otherwise romantic evening. I think the culprit was likely undercooked Jerusalem artichokes. When I wrote to the owners to complain, they offered a belated, muted apology. It seems to me that if I drop $300 on a meal and then get violent stomach pains because of the food, the least they could do would be to offer a bottle of wine? A dessert? Anyway, I certainly don't recommend the establishment. If you choose to go, avoid the topinambours!
5	After walking by this beautiful little gem of a restaurant dozens of times without noticing it, we finally tried it out for dinner on a good friend's advice and had a nearly perfect experience.The service is impeccable and the food is absolutely wonderful. Not only is it interesting and sophisticated, but it is beautifully presented and absolutely scrumptious. For appetizers, we tried a wonderful cold cucumber soup and a black cod piece served up in a volaille bouillon with salicorne de mer and wonderful little mushrooms. For mains, we had the arctic char with asparagus and a to-die-for primavera pasta with a lemony and cheesy sauce and roasted pecans (sounds boring but trust me it wasn't).The wine list is extensive and features a lot of french wines. I tried a delicious and unique glass of Cotes du Forez recommended by our waitress and was not disappointed.To add to the dining experience, the very Parisian style interior is beautiful and there is a lovely little terrace (patio) out front if you want to eat outside in the summer. And last bu not least, if you want to people watch, get ready to see fairly stylish groups of people over 50. it's a nice change from plaid shirts, tattoos and beards, right?
5	We ordered 2 appetizers, 3 entrees, and 2 desserts (we finished all cuz the French taste is never heavy, and all ingredients just go well and balance each other). This place is indeed nice and all foods are so delicate and delicious. It's the second time I came in, the first time is 4 yrs ago when I traveled with fds to Canada. Although they have a small variety choice on menu, they do change it once a while. I wanted to order a duck based entree (cuz the pics on yelp looks good!) but they don't have it anymore. Will come back later probably! As my expectations is still rolling... :D
5	Incredible mealCucumber soupCharcuterie was the best I've had and the profiteroles were phenomenal
5	Great French cuisine. Unpretentious decor. If you'd like a quiet and relaxing dinner far from the madding crowd, this is the place to be.
5	Best steak ever. Lovely bottle of wine (under $50) and fantastic service. Overall, great romantic date place.
5	Great place with a great, relaxed atmosphere. Perfect for a date or night out with friends. Not touristy or cheesey at all -- highly recommended for its fresh, high quality ingredients and execution. Wait staff was also incredible. I would go again in a heart beat.
5	Came in with the girlfriend and her family with a reservation. We were seated promptly and greeted by a very nice server named Vincent. He was very patient and answered questions about the drink and dinner menus. The tartare was a hit as well as the oysters-which were the 2nd year in production for Quebec. We all enjoyed different main courses and everyone was pleased. The Arctic char and scallops were amazing. Everything was presented beautifully. The restaurant had a very French feel and it was a leisurely experience. Vincent was very accommodating and even gave us a taste of grappa. The chef, Jonathan was very modest; we were happy to tell him how fantastic out meals turned out. If I am ever in Montreal again I will try to come back. Bon appetite!
2	Inattentive and slow service but delicious well balanced food. Just want to warn you that you might be walking into a 3 hour meal with spotty bread service, long waits between courses and lack of water refills.  Definitely all of my pet peeves at a restaurant. This could have been a 4 star experience but the service knocked off 2 stars.
5	A Montreal classic that always delivers to expectations. Laloux is a charming, cozy French bistro that is always worth a visit. Although the overall look and feel of the restaurant is very classic, they still manage to reinvent themselves and to amaze my tastebuds everytime I eat there. It's hard for me to pick my favorite item of the menu as I often go with the daily specials, but my best advice to you is to make sure you save some room for dessert. You'll be so happy you did!
4	Solid! I came here recently for dinner with a friend. This was probably the priciest meal we had on our trip, yet the place felt inviting and had a great ambiance. I ordered the scallops with cauliflower and parsnips -- delicious! The flavors worked well together and the scallops were perfectly cooked. I'd recommend this place if you're looking for something slightly more upscale, but still with a chill vibe.-L.
