4	This location worked out well for me.  After finding out that Fremont Medical Center could not accommodate me again, I swung by here figuring I would just leave if it was a nightmare.  I was surprised by the very pleasant experience.  Everyone was so nice and upbeat.  Even when you feel like crap, it's hard not be grumpy when everyone who works there is smiling and happy.  In and out in less than 1 hour with a prescription for the drugs I needed.  This was 8am on a Thursday, mind you, but I've never experienced such quick turnaround at any clinic at any time of day in Las Vegas.  This is my new go-to place.Note, they won't take same-day appointments for primary care - for new patients, at least.  You have to go to urgent care, which is a bit of a bummer but it all worked out in this case.  Yay!
3	I'm not sure what to say.I came here on 12/21 for a on-fire sore throat that I had for four days.  Waited for about 10 minutes and was taken into the back.  The nurse took my vitals and placed me in a room.  The doctor came in, looked at my throat and determined that I had strep throat.  Now, I've never had strep throat, but I thought that you need to take a swab of your throat and do a test on it.  But whatevs.  I'm allergic to penicillin so he put me on Levaquin.By 12/25, I was breaking out in hives and on 12/27 I headed back into UMC with hives and swelling all over my body.  The nurse taking my vitals asked why he gave me Levaquin.  I answered that I didn't know.Then I was put back into a room and a different doctor came in and asked why the previous doctor gave me Levaquin.  I answered "i'm not sure, i'm not a doctor..haha!"  So he put me on steriods, z-pack and some anti-itch medicine.On 12/29 my eyes were almost swollen shut, I was incredibly weak from not being able to keep down food.  So my husband took me to the ER and they gave me an IV full of steroids, pepcid, benadryl and something else.  They then gave me a prescription for prednisone, pepcid and told me to keep taking the z-pack and anti-itch medicine.With the nurse and doctor at UMC questioning this doctor's prescription, makes me think that the doctor screwed up.  I guess that's why they call it "medical practice?"  I'm not totally mad, cause we didn't know that I was allergic to Levaquin, but it makes me think twice about going back to somewhere where other people are questioning what the doctor is doing.
1	Went last week.Positives: Nurse who checked me in was very very nice, may not know anything about medicine but very very nice.Negatives: Got there when it opened and still waited 2 hours, saw doctor for 20 seconds he said my lungs were cloudy (he didn't do an X-ray) and listened to my chest for a second literally.  That is all he did I told him I didn't feel well and before I could elaborate he gave me a antibiotic and said follow up with your doctor in 4 days.  He also gave me a codeine and ibuprofen (I'm a gastric bypass patient and can't take ibuprofen) After seeing the doc I still had to wait another 30 mins. Very disappointing I was hoping he would have spent a bit more time or at least pretended to be interested.Final thought: Unless my arm falls off I'm not going back.
4	BARF! Thankfully it wasn't us.Took my mom here who had abdominal pains. We sign in, wait our turn to get the paperwork started. Then, CRASH! !! The front door suddenly bursts open. Then, one heavily tattooed Filipina young woman runs in and finds the bathroom.   We clearly hear her  moaning and heaving her guts out for about a minute.   All the waiting room people turn to see her stagger to the waiting chairs as her boyfriend begs to see someone right away. The admitting clerk says wait..."Let me talk to the doc." A third person person comes in behind them with low pants that exposes his underwear.  Five seconds behind his friends and five years behind in fashion. As vomiting girl gives her info, she runs to the bathroom again for another round of barfing.  We are all hoping she's okay, comes back out and tries to finish her paperwork. And luckily for her, she gets called to the doc right away.My mom's primary doctor down the street could not accept any appointments becaue he was sick.  Ironic, but even doctors get sick.  So we ended up here.  It's not the newest, cleanest place, but acceptably so.  First they ask what's wrong and decide if you get to cut the line like the vomiting vixen.  They get all the insurance info, and you wait for awhile...How long? it all depends on who's in front of you. The admitting clerks are quick and professional and friendlly as well.  We end up waiting twenty minutes before seeing the doctor. My mom tells them about her issues. At this point,  I was asked to leave the room because the female Filipina doctor has to do the ever memorable rectal exam.  When I return, the doc says to us, "You need to go to the Emergency Room at the hospital right away".  It turned out to be great advice, as my mom was admitted a few hours later for an infection.For what they are, they do fairly well.  If it's beyond a simple problem, of course this is not the place for you.  But if  you have the cold, flu, sprained ankle, etc. this is an option for those in the area. Medical Care in this town is among the worst I have seen anywhere (particularly Summerline Hospital). I never found out whatever happened to the girl who threw up, but hopefully she is okay.  Maybe she got sick from seeing her male friend's dirty underwear.
2	I spent 2 hours waiting here.  With all the er's saying wait time is only 15 minutes, quick care should be at least reasonably close to that time.  The staff tried to be friendly even with mean weird people complaining but the service was still slow and disorganized.
2	Great front office/tech staff, terrible doctors. I had a recurrent infection and asked repeatedly to get a proper screening done about it. The doctor brushed me off, even when BOTH nurses I talked to seemed concerned. I had a bad reaction to the medication I was given. I called in and the doctor said there was "nothing (she) could do" and that if I wanted further help I had to go to an emergency room. When I brought up the fact that I had practically begged for the test that would have prevented the reaction, she hurriedly blew me off again and hung up on me. Now I have received a bill for a test that was not actually run on me - or if it was, it was run without my consent and the results were not given to me. I will be disputing the bill, and I am never coming back to these people. The only reason it's not one star is because the nurses are nice, and that is unfortunately rare.
2	I've been a patient of dr shauna christiansen-thistle for about the past three years.  I haven't really had any concerns with her as I've only been going to her for healthy annual exams.  I've recently had some actually medical issues and she completely blew me off.  She said that mild arthritis showed in an x-ray.  I asked if mild arithritis would cause the extreme back pains that I had been experiencing.  She wanted to refer me to a rheumatoidologist.  I inquired whether the back pain could be connected to my foot bunions that I have.  I have had issues with them in the past when I worked service industry jobs through college and actually had referrals for surgery.  She was adamantly against me seeing an ortho for foot correction surgery.  She then said that my debilitating back pain could be "in my head" due to chemical imbalances of my depression.  I commented that I've been coping with depression for 15 years and this back pain has been occurring for 4 weeks - she immediately then advised that it could be Lupus or Rheumatoid Arthritist or an Auto-immune defficiency.  This really threw me off and I asked if any of these conditions had prevalence with genetics or hereditary, as none of these things run in my family - no response.  All of which, she was not making eye contact and she spoke condescendingly.  It was as though the more questions I asked, the more frusterated she got with me.  Needless to say, I am now looking for a new primary.  I am giving two stars as I have been happy with the rest of the services provided at the UMC Primary/Quick Care.
1	Let this be a warning to anyone who has a small child.We requested for Doctor Frank McAllister to check my baby's ears for infection. Being that she's a baby she was not fond of having a stranger poke into her ears, and she threw a tantrum.To our horror, the doctor pinned my 11 month old girl at the neck with his elbow. I just don't understand how someone of such character is allowed to handle children, or even allowed to practice medicine. My wife is contemplating reporting the incident to the medical board, but in the meantime, please take this review as a warning to you in case you have a small child.
4	I went in here yesterday for what I thought was kidney infection, but I was wrong. It took me a little less then 2 hours to get in & out. The staff & doctors were great. Glad I was wrong about the kidney infection. Thank you for great care.
2	Horrible. Patients are separated from spouses or family members until they have seen the doctor.My husband requested me to be with him (he was the patient) twice - and he was told that due to their policy that he couldn't have me with him. The said it was to make sure that patients "felt safe" to disclose abuse or that they wouldn't be "bowled over" by overly assertive family members.After all that, my husband forgot to mention to the doctor some of his medical history, left without meds, and was told to take ib Profen.
1	Cash patients pay a fee of 70. At no time do they tell you it's more per visit until you get the bill in the mail 30 days later. 70 is a copayment even though they make you believe that's the total payment. I don't like the service. The doctors don't care and are completely smug and insensitive to cost
3	Usually fast service. This place is in need of a remodel and some up keeping in cleanliness. You would think its a nice place bc it's in a nice residential area but nope. Get it together UmC and don't be soooo cheap.
1	This place is a joke. The doors open at 7:30am because the primary care office also opens at 7:30am which is attached to the Quick Care. The Quick Care opens at 8am. Now, the receptionists at the front desk are extremely rude!!! They open at 8am they all come rushing in at 8:01am and it takes them 15 minutes to bring up their system. Oh and while they're sitting there they gossip about doing each others work and blah blah This place is a joke. When you walk in the very far woman who sits on the right, furthest away from the front doors is completely rude.If you absolutely have to go here, i'd at least avoid her.
1	This place "used" to be great... we could get in with our sick family member,  and staff was a lot cheerful.. now they ask to "come back after the doctor see the patient"... why? You can see any doctor in town with your sick parent... why are those peasants so special?....add to that the arrogant way in which you're being "told" and an absolute smile less and unkind staff and you  have a lousy place .... never again...go somewhere else....
1	If I could give this place negative stars I would. Came in for a scheduled appointment and had to wait an hour to see someone (even though it was a weekday and there were only 2 other people in the office.Had to pay up front before I was actually seen by a doctor ($50).The "receptionists", and I use that term extremely lightly,  were loudly talking the entire time and snapped gum during the conversations they had with the other patients.The nurse who saw me was a complete sweetheart and asked lots of questions about what symptoms I was experiencing.  The doctor on the other hand had a terrible bedside manner. He entered the room with his head down and stayed that way the entire time he talked to me. Informed me I had an upper respiratory infection (without actually giving me a check up), and wrote a prescription for antibiotics then walked out.The nurse came back and asked me if I wanted to take something now to get started on before I went to the pharmacy, I declined. Then she advised me I was all set to go.I understand it's an urgent care facility,  which in a nutshell is basically a drive thru clinic, but I expected a little more for the amount I paid.I ended up going to my regular doctor the next day and it turned out to just be a cold.Have not been back to this place and would caution others against going as well.
3	Overall was ok. Nothing great but not bad by any means especially for quick care I have been to worse. Check in was quick and fairly easy though they kind of acted like I was asking for their first born child when I asked for the co pay to be billed to me. I offered to partial pay it right there ($15) of the $40. Which they did but gave me the "as a one time courtesy" speech. They have a big sign next to the check in area that reads "all patients will receive medical treatment regardless of ability to pay" but didn't feel like arguing with them. Nurse that took vitals temperature etc. was polite and did most of the work. Doctor was nice too even though it seemed like a formality to even see him. In and out in about 60 seconds here's you anti biotic RX and out the door. Will go again if I have to but would recommend to try your primary care physician first
4	I have been to this UMC location at least 3 times since moving here to Las Vegas. 2 out of the 3 visits have been very quick, and from the minute I walked in to the time I left took under an hour (both happened to be when I dropped in in the morning). My first visit, came in the early afternoon, was the one that took what I felt was an excruciatingly long wait time in the lobby (might have also been the middle of flu season). Based on my limited observation, I would still recommend (if possible) timing your visit for as early in the day as possible, to avoid spending 3 hours here waiting for medical care.The staff in the front may not be the friendliest, but I was never treated rudely, so I have no complaints. Can the front office staff be better? Yes, there are much room for improvement.The nurses and doctors working here are friendly, knowledgeable and caring. If you have questions or concerns, they still take the time to address them. So as much as I hate having to visit a doctor's office, coming here and being treated professionally and with dignity by the medical staff here is as pleasant of an experience as one could hope for.Do they always get the diagnosis right?  That would probably be no. But for the basic medical emergencies, you should be in good hands here.  For the tougher medical conditions, they will always refer you to follow up with specialists.Overall a 3.5ish rating.
4	I was a little hesitant going in...very pleased...was in and out in an hour which included intake, met with doctor, xrays, and prescriptions...$30 co-pay...not bad...
1	The patient service here is extremely slow. The wait time exceeds one hour. Dr. Fredrick  Lippman has  challenges with accessibility.
4	I took my 78 year old father here after he fell and hurt his arm. The wait was about 2 hours to get in (the entire visit was 3.5 hrs), but the admitting nurse and Dr. P Hansen were very caring and professional. There were no broken bones. When I called back several days later to get a CD of the films, Roger in X-ray was very helpful in explaining how to get them and actually completed most of the form.The waiting was a pain, but the staff were all professional, caring, and helpful - this is the basis for the 4 star review.
4	This place was very helpful and convenient other than the wait, which was long but it was a Sunday afternoon so I didn't expect speedy service because most doctors aren't "on duty" on weekends. The doctor and nurses were accommodating, knowledgeable and helped get me feeling better in no time.    If you're sick in Vegas on a weekend I would totally recommend you try this place it serves it's purpose. Plus I've been told from my friends that this particular branch/location is better than the others.
4	This was my 2nd visit to this location in the past few years for the same type of cold/flu illness. Both times were as pleasant as it could be for being horribly sick and having to visit an Urgent Care.  The waiting room was pretty much at full capacity but the wait wasn't long at all. We were in and out within an hour. Everyone that I came into contact with was extremely nice and very caring...from the intake to the nurses and doctors. And...very reasonably priced. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because I think the waiting room could be a little cleaner and kept up more. This is definitely my first choice when it comes to Urgent Care needs.
