5	My Favor Smith's. All the workers here are very friendly and the store is very clean and bright. Sale items are well stock which is a super plus. The water refill outside is cheaper then most places. The prices here is much better then other smith's as well.Only thing I dislike is that they close early at 1AM but they open back up at 7AM. It would be better if they were 24 hrs hehee but it's ok they need rest.
4	The employees at this Smiths were friendly and helpful.  Awesome food shopping experience!Sometimes I just need a few things, don't want to venture out very far, get them - and leave. This was a very good experience for a grocery store.  Lots of smiles and help. Just what people need after a day in the trenches!
4	I don't typically shop at Smith's anymore and when I do, it's not normally at this location. I stopped in after work to grab some ingredients for dinner along with a few other staples. Just inside the door was a rack of hot and fresh french bread. I was already thinking spaghetti for dinner and the french bread kind of sealed the deal. I spent the rest of my time in the store smelling the bread and it was all I could do to keep from eating it while I shopped. The store was busy, but not extremely crowded. The produce section was fully stocked and everything looked fresh. This location has a large selection of meat, complete with a full service meat counter. Smith's carries a yogurt called Carb Master and this location had a better variety than my regular Smith's store. This is an older location, but it is well kept and the staff is friendly. I even found a fog machine on sale in the seasonal section, which couldn't have worked out better, as my other one petered out three days before the opening of my haunted garage. When I got ready to check out and headed for the registers, the lines were starting to form. They opened up additional checkstands and I was out in a jiffy.
5	My regards go to the Pharmacy staff at this Smiths location.  They are always professional, helpful, and friendly. There is usually not a real long line and I can always shop if more time s needed.  I've tried the others and always end up coming back to Smiths.
4	It's the closest smith's to my place which is really good. Staffs are friendly and they sell special things that maybe you can not find in the other stores. The prices are reasonable and it's not busy like Walmart that makes you crazy after your shopping.
5	Friendly customer service,  very cheerful,  and fast.  I always come here because of how easy it is to get in and out, plus I like the rewards savings card :)
