5	I have been here a number of times and seen a couple different people. I was always horrified to go cause of all the pretentious scene twits that rave about this place. But Shannon rules. She is my girl. Today I let her do whatever she wanted, I was sick of the same old thing. I have gone to her tons of times so she knows i have trouble keeping my bangs out of my eyes and hate long hair in the back. Based off that she gave me the cutest little asymmetric bob with little side swept bangs that somehow magically do not fall in my eyes. Seriously, I think she used magic. She doesn't try to sell me stupid products I don't need and she is funny and cool. And this haircut, seriously it rules. i have never had a bad haircut there, but omg this one rules. She on the cheaper side of T&G stylists, idk why. Yay my hair.
5	The 1 thing i miss about Arizona was the fact that they had TONI & GUY! For those of you who don't know, we only have 1 Toni & Guy in southern California & why is it unheard of here in the Bay Area?!? i do not know-for it is like the M.A.C. of hair.The stylists here are typically hip & very flamboyant with their hairstyles + makeup which i liked. What i loved about these salons is that their customer service was consistent at all locations-a greet, offered a beverage during wait time, then you leave with a refreshing hair style.Though I've had my hair done at multiple Toni & Guy salons around AZ, i liked this one the most. Nevermind the ghetto mall its housed in, i finally found my regular hairstylist + Master stylist (whom i went to when my reg. stylist wasn't there) at this location.I've had many bad cuts in the past so my hair eventually hit my waist & had no style to it whatsoever. When i finally decided i wanted a change from one length hair that was down to my waist to bangs with choppy layers-i'm glad i decided to make that transformation here. My stylist named Kristin at the time helped me do that even though she didn't want to take all that length off-in the end it was a new look & i always came back to this Toni & Guy once a month.Depending on what level stylist you request will determine the price you pay-of course its worth it because these people have skills. It seems that most stylists here are more experienced than typical chain salons that hire stylists straight out of cosmetology school. Big plus.
1	Toni & Gee is a mall favorite for those that have favorites in malls. Toni & Gee-od what just happened to my hair? I think I tried them once on a triple dog dare. I knew what I wanted but they didn't. 'No, I don't want a style that was new and hip 5 years ago and is now somewhat acceptable by mainstream standards.' "but it's one of the 4 that I know how to cut for men." *tear* I prefer something along the lines of inspiring mothers when walking downtown with their stroller-ed and leashed parasitic spawn to hurriedly move to the other side of the street while trying not to make eye contact for fear of contamination, over the "ummm, I'm not sure about that, sweetie. it's different... & kinda cute, dear" when paying to get the hair did at a salon.If you don't have the money to go to a real styling salon then keep saving up or go to a barber or effin DIY punxorz! Head over to Sally's and buy some dye for your hair and oil for your clippers. Get that mop chopped choppers, chop! chop!I gave it a one star because a total of 12 stars for 3 reviews (4 star average?) would really be too much. hopefully this one star I gave it (3.6666 avg) will show up as a 3 star average. crossing fingers. now save....damn! at least it's not a 4 star average.
