5	A coworker brought in the tres leches cupcakes--- to die for!! Love LOVE. Definitely ordering from them soon.
5	Mmmmmmm!!!!! These cupcakes are SO GOOD! Definitely coming back for more.
5	Bought a dozen of the Americana Apple Pie cupcakes for an office party recently.  They were easily the most amazing cupcakes I've ever had.  I've since placed another order for double that amount for the 4th of July party I'm going to.
5	I've never had better cupcakes in my life but their Tres leches are to die for! I will definitely be using them for my launch party next month! The owners are exceptional people
5	The Tres Leches cakes were amazing! My family inhaled them :)
5	OMG, they made me fat(ter)!  The tres leches cupcakes were delish! My family of four finished a dozen in a day and a half.  Can't wait until the bakery location opens so we can drop by anytime to pick up a yummy treat. They also have the cutest ads, menus, and slogans!
5	My experience with Bakeshop has been off the wall GREAT! The Details:My first order was for my boyfriend's 31st birthday. My order was for a 50 person party and I went with 2 dozen tres leches and 3 dozen cupcakes designed into a golf themed birthday cake. The Delivery and Product:The Bakeshop ladies delivered on time and were completely non-intrusive to the party, like ghosts, it was crazy! Anyways, they came with cute (rented) displays for the tres leches and the product in a container that allowed it to be easily refrigerated until consumption. And then the moment of truth...opening the lid of the box to the cupcake cake was the best feeling of relief and joy in the world. The cake was literally PERFECT! Between the green frosting, the chocolate hole, and the cake pop golf ball and the cute little flag it was just adorable. Anyways, I had to fend people off for a couple hours from the desserts and..The Moment of Truth and CandlesWhen it came time for the candles and dessert everyone loved it. In fact, the tres leches were gone in minutes. Literally minutes. Everyone I know is a health conscious eater and they were gone in minutes. I don't think I've ever seen my particular group of friends react that way. The cupcakes (Red Velvet and Vanilla) were demolished as well. I got to take one cupcake home for a friend who couldn't make the party and that was only becuase I hid it in the back of the refrigerator. That good.Needless to say, Bakeshop was the icing on a really great and special evening. It was so easy to order, the delivery was on time and the presentation was very nice. Couldn't have asked for a better bakery experience on this special occasion!
5	Being on a low carb diet is tough.. And it was more difficult with a sweet tooth like mine. I tried a low carb cup cake from Bakeshop and it was AMAZING! I couldn't even tell the difference. For all you non-Lo carbers out there the Tres Leches and Apple Pie cupcakes will make you jump off your chair in a cake induced bliss! These bakers know their cake.
5	This place is fantastic =) Ordered a dozen tres leches for my office before our July 4th break, and they were gone in minutes! The cupcakes were delivered right to our door, and I got a call letting me know when to expect them. Everyone loved them, and I'm certain to order one of the other varieties for next time!
5	Hands down the best bake goods I have ever had.  Not only are the treats AWESOME but the people running this joint are top notch as well.  I will definitely be back.
5	We traveled through many States and sampled many bake goods during our trips. Some are very good and others I thought were made with store bought cake mixes.  We are so glad Bakeshop is in our neighborhood or should I say, the Greater Las Vegas Valley. Tried it, love it and will definitely come back. The cupcake I tried is just right in sweetness.  It was moist and light.  The baker put her heart in the art of baking and not working at just another job.  Now that I found Bakeshop, I need to run an extra mile a day so I can enjoy another delight from this shop more often.  I will recommend Bakeshop to my family, friends or foes.
2	This is my first Yelp review and I really wanted it to be a 5 star! Sadly I'll have to settle for a 2 :-( This place is ... Interesting lol. I didn't really enjoy the way the store looks and it was also kinda hard to find. The cupcake that I had, just a regular chocolate on chocolate, was nothing special. It was kinda dry , like it had been left out for awhile, and just boring. Not horrible, just not something i'd want to get again.
5	I went to a BBQ last night and the highlight of the event was when these cupcakes came out. The German chocolate cupcakes were really moist and had plenty of frosting, which is the best part! I am definitely going to order these next time I have a party.
5	This shop is absolutely beautiful inside. You can tell that they really care about every little detail. Their chocolate chip cookies are to die for (I ate two) and my husband had one of the apple pie cupcakes, which he loved. I can't wait to come back and try this place again!
5	I visited today to try out the weekend special on key lime tres leches. Let me just say,  mmm mmm mmm! Since I can stop by on my lunch hour, I have managed to try some of the other tres leches flavors offered here since they opened, but the key lime is my favorite so far. I hope everyone can make it in to try it out before they sell out. Perfect variation on a classic dessert like key lime pie. Can't wait to see what they come up with next!
5	INDULGENT is a great word for Bakeshop. I like to order a dozen of their pecan cookies to bring home. They taste so good as is, but I like to keep them in the fridge. For some reason I like them chilled a bit. Perfect little cookie for mid-day tea time.The apple pie cupcakes and coffee flavored tres leches are also some of my favorites.
1	I would love to take u up on your offer however by you saying that I must be confusing your shop with another one nearby is really wrong. U can't make yourself better by putting others down. The things I didn't like about the decorations of your store are just that it's a little country old ladylike to me. I personally don't like chalkboard walls and old pictures.
4	Just came from Bakeshop in Anthem and met the nicest people who own/operate it.  I tried the Wedding Cookies.  They were so fresh they melted in my mouth.  Can't wait to try something else next time.   The coffee was good too and bottomless to boot!   Good luck Samantha.
5	I'm so happy I checked the hot new businesses in my neighborhood today on my yelp app! I hit the German chocolate cupcake jackpot today, moist and delicious tastes like Christmas at grandma's house! The decor is so cute very country makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside . I will be back soon to try the tres leches and red velvet!
5	ok so what can I say here.... I walked in and immediately was surprised... I'm from Seattle and stripmall stores look like... well strip malls. Bakeshop made their space into a charming and inviting space to sit down and enjoy a pastry. I got to "sample" (by sample I mean devour several) their chocolate chip cookies and then moved on to some sort of chocolate on chocolate cupcake (I don't know the name, I just know how amazing they were). I'm not really a fan of cupcakes or cakes in general because they are generally too dry for me. Bakeshop's cupcakes don't seem to have a problem with moisture in their cupcakes. Maybe someday they will offer up a shipping service to get these up to Seattle (hint hint!!).
5	Bakeshop has it all. A variety of tasty delights, a functional and open space for entertainment,  and the most attentive and talented staff in town. I loved the lemon cakes. I also sampled several of their cupcakes and chocolate covered fruits/pretzels and was very impressed by the quality and presentation (seriously delicious!). The prices are quite reasonable as well.I've tasted their Tres leches and fruit filled cupcakes at a bday party for a friend. On another occasion, I went with a large group of friends to take advantage of Bakeshop's cupcake decorating party - what's better than edible art?  We had so much fun and staff were awesome to our group. They said they can also do cakes and even have low carb options. I will definitely go back for more and cannot wait to bring some Bakeshop goodies to my next event. Yum!
2	Went here last week for donuts and had to wait for it to open at 10. Wanted to buy several donuts but they only had five. What?? A bakery with no donuts in the morning. Sorry
2	I will Samantha. I just would like to know if you do have donuts or the old spelling doughnuts. Lol. I will try your pastries this weekend.
5	Great cupcakes and sugar free options.  Being a diabetic it's comforting to know that people care and offer options for us not just throw something together and say we have it.  There no sugar added brownie cheesecake was to die for.  I highly recommend this bakery. Great customer service friendly staff and all around great place to hang out and meet new friends. There customers are all friendly and open to conversation.  Best place I have gone to for a quick snack and coffee in a long time.
5	Really great addition to the area! We've tried a few of the cakes and they are all really good- chocolate oatmeal square, chocolate chip cookie and pecan spice cake all excellent! Very nice people who run it and a nice place to sit and have a coffee too. Highly recommended!
5	Stopped by for a snack. Beautifully decorated interior that makes you want to sit down and spend some time just hanging out. They had a lot of options, including gluten free! Fresh cookies were coming out while we were there and they smelled amazing! Sam, one of the family member that own and run the shop, was super friendly and knowledgeable about everything. We walked away with tasty noms for a very reasonable price! Worth the drive!
5	Bakeshop is truly a sweet spot . . . the interior provides a bright, comfortable setting to meet for coffee and treats and the cupcakes, cookies, tres leches, cakes and pies are deliciously baked from scratch. They also offer sugar-free, gluten-free and high protein options.
5	I stopped by Bakeshop yesterday after hearing the rave reviews, and I was so impressed!  The bakery is lovely, and the owners are so welcoming!  Discussed party options as well as cookie decorating and cookies for Santa!  Love places that have such fun activities for the kids!  I of course ordered a fare share of sweets and it was all absolutely delicious!  You can tell they have put their heart and soul into Bakeshop, and I will for sure be going back soon!!!
5	Many subsequent visits after my initial review, I still say this is the best bakery for me and my family.  Gluten free carrot cake superb.  Today I tried the pecan apple cake.  One word "WOW".  For a preview of our upcoming Holiday treats, we picked up some peppermint bark.  Best we have tasted.  We will keep coming back.  My advice is to buy from a quality local business and keep this community in style.  Compliments to the bakers and to Samantha.
