5	I had the chance to check out Biddle's Escape just three hours after they opened on their first opening day. We live in the neighborhood and have been eagerly awaiting the grand opening. The inside of this place is fantastic.  It has a bold, bohemian feel. I was happy to see a lot of thought went into the patio seating area. There is a nice garden, with wood carvings and even a metal, dinosaur skeleton. I asked if it would be alright if I brought my dog next time, and was told they had already had dog visitors that day and it was no problem. I love places with outdoor seating for that very reason. For those of you who aren't familiar with the neighborhood, this new coffee shop is on a quiet street, with beautiful trees surrounding it. I think using "escape" in the title of this coffee shop was perfect. This place has a much more relaxing atmosphere then when you sit outside and sip your coffee in Squirrel Hill or directly on Braddock St. in Regent Square. The prices are great, and I am happy to support this new local business. We'll be returning here often.There is also beading section in this shop as well. Maybe it's time to take up a new hobby?
5	Fantastic atmosphere everyone is so friendly! Highly recommend!
5	This place is only a few blocks from my house and I've passed it on numerous runs over the past year or two, eager for their opening. I finally got a chance to go this evening and I was so pleased with what I found.I love the space - bright, clean, open, with a large garage door opening up an entire wall that leads out onto their big outdoor patio. The interior is exposed brick and brightly-painted walls covered in art, beaded objects, clay buddhas, painted doors, and artifacts purchased by the owner on his visits to various countries. It's situated on a really nice little side street in Regent Square, and I saw several people stop in while walking their dogs. The Americano I had was fantastic, and the service was great.This is going to be a fantastic environment to do work in over the summer. I feel  lucky to live so close!
4	I've been here maybe 6 or 7 times since they opened (I live nearby). I'm definitely going to be a frequent customer this summer. I really enjoy the shop. Great atmosphere, friendly service, great coffee, funky decor, awesome deck seating. It's a new shop, and they definitely have a few kinks that need ironed out. I've found coffee grounds at the bottom of my cup several times. The baristas need to prepare drinks with a bit more urgency. It's definitely a laid-back store, but if there are more than a couple people ahead of you it might take upwards of half an hour to get your drink. They also need to do something about their chai mix; I got an iced chai and their powdered chair mix does not dissolve well, which resulted in a chalky, chunky beverage. I'm sure those things will improve as they are open longer.But in all this is about 500 times better than Katerbean, our only other option for coffee in Regent Square. The quality of their coffee is excellent.
5	My first visit was last Saturday during the Regent Square community yard sale.  They were PACKED and the service was surprisingly quick.  My coffee was nice and strong and everyone was super friendly.  It's a place that begs you to sit down and stay awhile.  And I will.
4	Agreed with Morgan, almost verbatim. :) Great vibe, fantastic patio and very friendly folks. It's nice to feel like you are in the woods while sipping on a tasty, cool beverage. They now have muffins and goodies from Sweet Tammy's! The only kink I notice is the timely-ness of said treats to arrive. They are a little slow, but that's to be expected with any new biz. I can see this place getting SUPER busy this summer!
4	Really gorgeous location right in the residential area of Regent Square. Plenty of space both inside and outside. The outdoor deck is wonderful, trees overhang it to provide a nice "respite" from the city. Staff is very courteous. Great coffee at decent prices.
5	Great place hidden in Regent Square. Good selection of drinks with a nice environment to sit and relax in.
5	Hello to my new favorite hidden gem! Tucked back in a cute neighborhood behind regent square is this secret little coffee shop filled with wonders. I spent a few hours outside on my laptop (how often do you get to plug into an outlet on a deck of a coffee shop) and enjoyed every minute. From a whale's vertebrae holding up the ipad checkout to a bead store in the back, this is truly an escape. Check out their events such as the ukulele nights or acoustic shows. Oh, and they are open late for all of us 9-5er to check out. This is my new fav coffee shop in the burgh!
5	I'll start with their coffee; it is excellent. I'll proceed to their Italian Sodas; they are excellent. Continuing its the espresso drinks I will use the same superlative. I have not had the Cannoli yet but am looking forward to trying one. The baristas are all very friendly and helpful and the atmosphere is perfect. There is a beautiful deck outside with trees, a garden and metal dinosaurs! Also of note is the consistently good Wi-Fi, and good selection of board games if you want to stick around and leisurely enjoy your drink(s).Another unique feature is the bead shop located within and a nice mix of artwork including the numerous Buddha statues blissfully inhaling the aroma of the coffeeA really great place!
5	Biddle's escape is a really cool little coffee shop that just kind of pops up in the middle of a residential neighborhood in Regent Square.  It's funky and unique, a beadstore and a yoga studio/wellness center are appended to it, and each night of the week features a different event.  It seems like it is a true community center.  I was very happy to stumble upon it and will return often. :D
5	I literally cannot come up with a better name for this place if I tried..Let's think about this, it includes the street name and it talks about escaping which would make sense because once you are there...you forget about everything else...it. is. Fantastic.  The place opens up in the summer to give you this rare combo of inside and outside all the while dodging the noise of cars zipping by every 2 seconds. It's peaceful and full of bones. Yeah I said bones...what a cool theme right!? There are board games to be played and plenty of seats to be sat in if that's what one would want. The drink options are plentiful and the service is swell. My only gripe is that I wish I lived on Biddle....bummer :( If you are in the area...definitely stop here.
4	Great spot, cool environment, friendly staff, great coffee! I spent many days writing at Biddle's over the summer, look forward to spending much of my winter break there as well. Truly, the only negative comment that I can make (which isn't even a complaint) is that refills are full price. And if that's the worst thing that I can come up with, Biddle's must be doing it right.
4	I love this place.  Great coffee or tea and the patio is awesome in the summer or in the winter.  Come and stop by.  I wish they had move gluten free food choices.  Barbara
5	Biddle's Escape is THE haven for artists, musicians and healing practitioners as well as students and people just trying to chill or get some work done!! The variety of coffee and drinks available is refreshing and I absolutely LOVE the feel and atmosphere of this cafe. Enjoy eyeing countless strings of gemstones lined along the cafe walls as well as cases of jewelry and craftsmanship so elegantly displayed while you sip your coffee. The baristas are awesome too!!!! ~
5	This is a lovely little shop that's easy to get to, but just enough off the beaten path that it rarely seems crowded. It's just a peaceful place, with a good amount of open space and bit of a New Age or Granola feel. I had a nice big coffee, an outlet for my laptop, and a delicious oatmeal raisin cookie, all for about four bucks -- and since Biddle's uses Square, I didn't even have to worry about having cash. It's a great place to sit down, collect your thoughts, and take an hour off from the world.
5	GREAT GREAT GREAT!  Superb drinks at fair prices, friendly employees, and the one of the best atmospheres that I've experienced at any coffee shop, anywhere.  They also sell beads and stuff for making jewelry.   The wifi is also fast and easy to use.  There's plenty of free street parking nearby.
4	Biddle's Escape is a nice coffee shop, and Joe D. (owner) is a great guy.  They have a nice menu, with a good selection of teas, herbal infusions, and other beverages.  I would give them 5 stars except that their manager only seems to hire white women.  If they had more than 15 employees, they would be in violation of Title VII and possibly other anti-discrimination laws.  For this reason, i give them 4 stars... I think all forms of sexism are harmful, even feminist ones.  I'm not sure that the Wilkinsburg area needs an all-white coffee shop, but they do provide a lot of valuable services to the community, like petitions about relevant issues for Wilkinsburg and Regent Square residents to sign and a pick-up spot for the Clarion River CSA so that locals can get great local organic produce.  They regularly host local musicians and artists, and have reading groups that meet there regularly.  So even though their employees are (from their opening to the time of this review) only young white women, and thats an issue which detracts from the experience of being there for me, i give them 4 stars.  I think they are generally good for the community, and a nice place to enjoy coffee.
5	A true jem!  I love the huge outdoor seating.  It's also in the middle of a quiet residential neighborhood, so very nice outdoor ambiance.  There's also a wide variety of drinks available.
5	Eclectic, foodie, trendy -- all in a good way.  With excellent artwork and outdoor seating.
5	Love pretty much everything about Biddle's: coffee is great, service is good, prices are reasonable, wonderful asset to the neighborhood, good venue for local music, great deck... The only issue is sometimes it's a challenge to find a table.
5	This place was fantastic! I had an Almond Frappe and my friend who I was with had a Frozen Strawberry Lemonade, both of which were delicious. I like the unique atmosphere of this place, although I felt that it was a bit crowded - you could tell this was a well liked place!The outdoor seating was nice, the staff was friendly, and the people there were friendly as well. For a college kid like myself, it was nice to go to a non-chain coffee shop and get some work done. I will definitely be back here every chance I get!
4	Come to Biddle's Escape for the experience and maybe the coffee. While Biddle's drinks are good, the best thing about Biddle's Escape is sitting out on the cafe's beautiful deck in comfy seating, chatting with friends.My go to drink is the chai latte with soy milk--you have to be careful, however, that the right person makes it. Sometimes it's on the very sweet side.
3	Nothing to hate about this place.  It's a decent place to work, nice indoor and outdoor spaces with a sort of hipster ambiance.  You'll feel weird rolling up in there with a suit and tie to get some work done, it's kinda  like that. My beef with them is that their coffee just doesn't taste great. If coffee taste is a priority in your coffee shop decisions, this is not the spot. I also had an almond croissant that dude told me was supposed to best in the city. Nah, couldn't be.
5	What a great place- service and food are fantastic, as is the funky decor. My first time here today and I'll definitely be back.
4	Very impressed on our first visit. We tried the French toast latte and a double espresso with whipped cream. Both excellent.  Great atmosphere, a dog-friendly porch--- the kind of coffee shop everybody should have in their neighborhood.
4	I was not expecting such a unique spot. I feel like coffee shops have to carve out an identity for themselves. Do we want to be hip (or hipster), cozy, modern etc. but this is a whole other level!The menu itself is expansive. Tons of really great choices for lattes (hello bacon maple), but the real treasure here is their massive tea list! And SO MANY black teas! Rejoice my friends for your tea haven is here! I LOVED my vanilla coconut tea. All loose leaf blends from a brand I've never heard of, plus they sell them too (have to investigate this more!). There's also a food menu, which just ups the ante more. Then you turn a corner from the bar area and there's a whole wall full of beads! So not only can you grab a tea, but you can make some jewelry too. Who woulda thought? So here's were I have to be a party pooper. This place is pretty awesome, but what's not awesome is the internet. These days wifi and coffee shops seem to go hand in hand. And while they have wifi, it's spotty. I kept getting kicked off. I asked one of the workers, who explained to me that since I had a Mac, "their internet sometimes doesn't work with them." Now, to be clear, I don't think she was lying, but I also feel that there has to be a problem with their internet. Cheap service, bad server... Not sure, but it doesn't cut it. I would have for sure come back to work there, but honestly because of the internet issue, I won't. Really a shame. Looking around, there was a good amount of people reading or writing, so maybe it's not the internet crowd.I would still be willing to grab another tasty drink and try some food though!
3	I was all set and ready to love Biddle's Escape.  They have a bead store in the back, sell books and crafts from local artists, and have an INSANE chalkboard menu-ed drink selection.  I'm told they also have really great events (but they aren't on their website because they don't have a website...should have been my first clue).The drink and the service are some of the best.  I've had friendlier baristas, but then again, I'm used to "my" coffee shop with my Cheers-like greeting when I walk in.  Even still, she was patient while I perused the menu and had my Camp Fire S'more Hot Chocolate pulled together quickly.  It was decadent and sweet and had a hint of marshmallow which perfectly complimented the delicious (real) whipped cream topped with graham cracker crumbs.  Oh my, heaven in mug and perfect on a cold day.If that's where my experience ended, I would have given 4 or 5 stars.  HOWEVER, I was stay to do work with a laptop.  The wi-fi connection is horrible.  It kept cutting out, and not just on my machine.  The woman I was working with asked if their wi-fi occasionally times out and was told it was her laptop.  Yes, her MacBook Pro (and mine for that matter, which works perfectly everywhere else) was the cause of the delay, not their internet service provider.  So that kinda...wasn't cool.If you're coming here without a laptop, you'll do great.  It's a great space to work unplugged or catch up with a good friend.
5	One of those awesome little coffee shops.   Great coffee, good prices.  A real find in this area.  Funky, groovy and hip.  All good.  They sell beads too -- not into it, but it adds to the funky atmosphere.
4	Just stopped in for a coffee and a snack. Friendly place with pretty good food and great coffee. Definitely recommend
5	The place has the San Francisco theme thingy, but more Pittsburgh feel.  This place is great to stop middle to meet friends there, chat, serve the coffee & drinks and free wifi.  The parking wasn't bad during weekend visit.  Definitely will visit again.
5	I was really excited to finally stop in here after hearing such great things about it. I have to admit that I did plan to work before I stopped in, so I had a contingency plan to travel to a nearby coffee shop if the internet didn't work out well for me. However, I had no internet problems! Therefore, I was able to enjoy the amazingly cool and hip ambiance of the place to its fullest potential. I loved how the shop was completely nestled within the Regent Square neighborhood, and the beautifully colored building popped out like an amazingly sore thumb. I walked in and the barista was great and gave me time to view the menu- after which I promptly and shamefully just ordered a coffee. I sat down and blissfully enjoyed a few hours of good coffee and good internet. I wish I had a place like this right down the block from me, but I'll make sure to stop in the next time I'm in the neighborhood!
5	I love this place!! The hummus sandwich is to die for! The blood orange red tea is equally as yummy. I love the feel of the place and the outdoor area. The only place they could improve upon is their prices and possibly their coffee? I get mine with soy milk and it's always kind of... chunky? I'm not sure if it's the coffee or the soy milk but that's not a  bad price to pay for everything else being perfect. Go there!
2	It's ok. First time customer and they got my order wrong. Waited over 20 mins. Finally got my order and had to add sugar to a latte? No way. Not going again.
5	I love Biddles so much. It makes me so happy to live in a neighborhood with a place that is so much more than a coffee shop. A walk just a couple of blocks  from my front door and I'm there. A venue with delicious coffees and teas, art, music and like-minded people. Terrific spot to relax alone or with friends and neighbors.
5	Groovy atmosphere. I visited on a day that they had some spoken-word event on the deck so that was a cool experience. Quiet location, friendly staff, adorable decor
3	Very tasty.  I enjoy the Egg Sandwich on ciabatta with this creamy cheese that is escaping my mind at the moment alongside a cup of pomegranate green tea. Was the perfect way to start my Friday morning.
3	From a chill spot to great smelling coffee it's got my attention. I love little places like this. Compared to crowded coffee shops this place is at the other end of the spectrum. Quite with some tempting smells:) Great spot for a meeting. Love the deck and the garage door that divides the two. Only reason 3 stars is I have yet to try the food.  I'll be back..... to be continued?
4	They have improved much since when they first opened. They don't have a lot of space and tables are usually hogged by students doing work. Prices are reasonable and great selection.
4	Went here today for the first time. The vibe was great and I loved the menu board and the wall of beads. I got a breve cafe latte which was very well made, and was the perfect temperature. The wait was a bit long, but worth it. Overall I was really impressed and can't wait to head back and to try more of the menu.
5	This place has such a wide variety of everything I love it! Today I had the Pumpkin Chai Tea and holy smokes, amazing. It tastes like fall in a cup and my only regret is getting a small (should've went for the large). I also got a blueberry muffin that was so fresh and a perfect accompaniment with my Chai Tea.The service was great and I hardly had to wait for my drink to be ready. They were busy, but you couldn't tell. Everything was smooth and done just right.Also love the atmosphere. They have a big space, but they've made it so cozy and the overhead music isn't too loud, it's really a great place. Can't wait to go back and try more of their menu :)
5	What a selection!  What an atmosphere!  How Amazing!!!!Biddle's is a great little find with lots of personality.  A HUGE selection of loose leaf teas and coffee! Beads and pinball and great tables. They are super welcoming to groups and have a wonderful outside space for when the weather is warm!
5	Work outside! Play pinball! Discover a local author!I love Biddle's. Regent Square had been in need of a KaterBean alternative for a long time. They really considered the details in the creation of this place.It's a freelancer/student's dream. Reliable wireless, so many plugs (even outside!), and decent non-junk/vegetarian food for when you get hangry. I've never heard the music be too loud or obnoxious. The usually-open garage door creates a non-stuffy and therefore less-painful place to work during hours when you resent that you're working. Their loose-leaf tea selection is pricey but high-quality, so it's good in a pinch when you can't get to Prestogeorge or the Tea Loft in Allison Park. There's pinball in the back (woot!) and there are performances sometimes, so it pays to seat yourself strategically depending on your level of noise tolerance.
4	This is my local coffee shop, tho for coffee without the cafe atmosphere,  prefer East End Food Coops coffee.IBiddle's has community, and quirk and heart is in right place.TBC...
5	This is a great laid back coffee shop.  A must when I come to Pittsburgh. Friend Kristal lives around the corner. I'm coming back. And a built in Bead shop for Tammy.
