4	Finally got to check out this spot and man am I a happy dude. They have a huge menu, all seafood! They had close to 10 different types of cold cocktail salads (shrimp, abalone, calamari, octopus, squid etc.) and a few ceviches. They have some seafood based tacos and tostadas as well We went with a small Octopus cocktail ($5.00), a calamari cocktail ($5.00), a crabmeat tostada ($5.00) and the ceviche ((5.00) I have to say everything was awesome awesome awesome. The broth for the cocktails was perfectly seasoned and not too much citrus. You could tell the veggies were recently cut and the fish was super fresh! I think the standout of the whole meal was my crabmeat tostada. It literally had probably 1/4 of solid good crab meat, with a few avocado slices and a tomato. Insanely simple, let the fish speak for itself. The ceviche was great too. It's a small little restaurant right on the side of the road, but it was very clean and the workers were super nice. I think the total damage was $27 with our food, and a large Horchata. I know I'll be going back. If you're a fan of fresh really simple seafood dishes, this is the spot!
4	To my utter surprise, this place is fantastic. I'll be honest in the fact that these holes in the wall scare me a bit since I have no idea what to expect. I have driven by this seafood spot for a couple of years and always laughed at the name. Last night, I was in the mood for Mexican and the hubby in the mood for seafood and something healthy. I really wanted chips and guacamole, which by the looks of the menu, they do not sell. No matter as I am always a sucker for some ceviche. There were seafood dishes galore and prices ranging from inexpensive (my small shrimp ceviche $5) to mixed seafood dishes for $18. Some of the more expensive dishes are offered as a daily special which can save you a few bucks on certain days. Our food came with tostada shells and per my request, avocado on the side ($2). It was a small whole avocado cut in half so very fresh. My ceviche was awesome, especially with the avocado. My husband had a crabmeat tostada and I was amazed at the amount of crabmeat piled on the top. My husband felt there was a 1/4 pound of crab meat on that thing. The food felt and tasted very fresh, too. Again, this spot was great. I tried to drop subtle hints to go back tonight but the husband wasn't having it. Maybe I'll try again tomorrow or the next day, or the next day.....
5	went back again today, still awesome. They have special a few days a week and today just so happened to be "It's Tuesday, a dozen oysters are only 99 cents" day. Holy mother of pearl! So  I had the oysters, a small shrimp ceviche and the bomb.com crab tostada. All awesome. Oysters super fresh and shucked to perfection, not all torn up. I stopped by the QT on the way home and got a tall can of Chelada and BAM! I'm official! Get there!
4	It's a small place but this little blue and white seafood eatery is easy to spot. Because of the space limitation, the dining area is a tad cramped. But the staff is friendly and the seafood is really, really fresh! I consider the prices to be moderate because, while not exactly inexpensive, they're pretty good considering the quality, flavor, and freshness of the seafood.
4	Mariscos Chihuahua has always seemed to me like.a seafood Filiberto's. I always see them on the side of the road, generally in shadier areas, with that signature blue roof and a busy parking lot. Still, I'd never met anyone who had actually gone to Mariscos. Is there a Yelp Whitey Badge? If so, I just unlocked it.Jenny and I were in the mood for fish tacos but had no patience for the kind to crap Rubios or these other Mexican places try to pass off as over-breaded, deep-fried, fish sticks in a tortilla. We wanted good good seafood and, damn it, if anyplace was going to be able to hit that mark, it was going to be a place named Mariscos.We parked in the back and entered the small shop with a man at the counter and a couple eating in the corner. I think a man and woman were the only people working. She took our drink orders and discussed any questions we had on the menu.  We ended up with some shrimp tacos, fish tacos, and seafood cocktail dishes. All were excellent. I have to say, we are now Mariscos fans por siempre!
5	i love this place! great shrimp tacos and cocteles! will deff. be coming back! i wish it was a little bigger but the food is great!!
3	I'm on a search in the area for Fish tacos and came across this place via Yelp. I think I was here maybe 5+ years ago and if it is the place I'm thinking of, they had good cerviche. But on this trip I ordered 2 fish tacos and 1 shrimp taco (my M.O.) to see how they were prepared. There was a good freshness to the cabbage, tomato and avocado on the tacos. I liked that they gave me the crema sauce on the side instead of plopping it on there. The fish tacos were better than the shrimp in my opinion. Both were fried but the shrimp were on the small side. There was a nice saltiness to the batter to give the tacos extra flavor. Without even asking I got extra limes which I appreciate.
2	I wanted to try something new, and this place was alright. The waiting time was so long, and I didn't find it to be the most sanitary place to eat just because the hands that prepared the food were the hands that opened and closed the door. No gloves whatsoever. I was served my food by the chef, who had creamy gunk all over his fingers. Nevertheless, I ate the taco since I was too hungry from waiting... And it was alright.
5	Amazing food. Everything is cooked fresh. You will never have ceviche like this anywhere else. The squid is cooked so well. Unique dishes and amazing service. A hidden gem for sure!
4	Hole in the wall, not a lot of seating space, however, food makes up for everything.  Me and the wife had a couple of chihuahuita cocktails and they were GREAT!!  Also had a shrimp ceviche tostada and a mixta.  I prefered the shrimp ceviche by a longshot.  Definitely would go back.
5	The best Mexican Shrimp Cocktail ever. Small place. However, no wait time here like the other Mexican seafood places in town and no live and loud music here. Come alone or come on a date. Not fancy but just plain good neighborhood place.
