4	The best shredded beef tacos ever. I was on a $20 a week bing for a few months and they always satisfied the craving. I have not had anything bad from here...The serve Mt Dew too
3	Not sure what happened but the beans were watery and had ZERO flavor, the tacos were not crispy at all and the carne asada was bland... First time in YEARS we had bad food here. I hope they recover.
5	Mexican Food-101....small joints kick-ass!!Coming out of a gym of all places I discovered this little joint across the street.  I started to get that "warm tingling inside" and that is always a tell-tale sign that good food is near.Small quintessential Mexican-Joint with the requisite Mexican ice-cream cooler near the counter.  The menu is dizzying with ALL the favs.  I quickly settled on a carne-asada torta and a small order of taquitos with gauco.It took a good 10 minutes for the food to come up, which is a good sign that freshness is happening in the kitchen.  The torta was the best ever.....bursting with flavor and the seasonings were perfecto!!  The taquitos were delicious and the icy cold Coca Cola washed it all down and soothed the fire.What an amazing little gem!  For their sake I hope you all give them a try, for my sake I hope no one else ever discovers this little slice of perfection on the WestSide!!Oh best part.....$ 8.50.....and it could have fed TWO!
5	I have lived steps away from this place for years and a few months ago, my boyfriend suggested I give it a try. Since I'm very picky with mexican food places, I had doubts, but boy was I wrong! All I can say is wow!!! This place is amazingly delicious. I thought I would never find a place who served authentic Mexican tacos and out of the blue I found it in a hole in the wall strip mall and just steps from my house! This can be a good thing, but also a dangerous thing because I am trying to lose weight. This place is so good. I got two tacos and I know I will be going back again and again.
4	This place does have good and cheap food considering all things.  It looks a little dirty there all the time so I don't really like eating there.  It's not about how much they scrub it or how clean it looks, it's the paint, the tables, and the floors that make it all look dirty.  The place needs a face lift for sure and in it's current state no amount of pinesol or bleach will make an appearance difference.The food taste good, the prices are cheap, and the staff is always nice.
4	Good food for the price. I am a regular here,  because of the daily special. Under 7$ will buy you a big burrito, refried beans, rice, and a drink. It is almost enough food for 2 people. I like the chicken better than the beef.  I also really like their 2 hot sauces, good flavor.  The tacos are good also.  I recommend trying this place for yourself. It is the best 'berto in my experience.
5	Love all the people who work at this place. Maria always challenges me to speak the espanole with her,its fun. We now have a tradition,ITS TACO TUESDAY!!!!!!.  These are the best ground beef tacos. Addicting!!!!
4	Friendly, professional, fresh made breakfast burritos. The smells of the fresh cooked ingredients was mouth watering. My only gripe is that there was NO spice on my burrito. The sauce was OK that they offered, but it needed a little kick to clear the sinuses. Other than that, it was a positive experience overall. I did hit them negatively a while back for not being open during business hours. The owner responded and apologized, professionals!!!! Either way , they have since redeemed themselves two-fold.
