5	THE MECCA of photography in Montreal. Everything else is a gift shop. Even the greeters know about photography here. You can go here as an amateur or as a full fledged pro, they have it ALL. The only thing missing (or that I haven't seen) is a book section.
5	"the photographers Toys R Us"If you're a professional photographer or a self proclaimed amateur photographer, there is no other place to shop at. They have absolutely everything you can dream of. Now all this being said, they aren't necessarily the best deal in town. But it's a fantastic place to start your search.Go in, ask your questions, and be on your way. These guys are pros, not booger eaters from Best Buy.
1	If I could I would rate this place with 0 stars. I pretty much had a horrible experience. It first started when I called on a Wednesday asking about their closing time, the guy on the phone was really nice and professional and said 9 p.m. which was great as I ended work late that night. I make my way from Verdun, which is not next door, to find out the store was closed. What a bummer!  I figured the employee on the phone must of had a long day and thought we were already Thursday. I decided to go back on Thursday night.  I was so happy to go get some advices as I heard so many great reviews from this place. I have very basic knowledge of photography but I had managed to make a thorough pre-purchase research online. I get there requesting to see a camera they had listed online, the employee flat out tells me they don't have it, they only have the model higher up in the line which was twice the price!!! I politely informed him that my budget was small, I'm not a professional and all I was looking for was a good compact with a wide angle. He went and picked-up a Nikon compact that had terrible reviews and a defective flash(broke easily) according to many online reviews. I tried to pointed out asking him about the fragility of the equipment. He simply flat-out said I only have this camera for you, you take it or leave. Well guess what? I left swearing never to come back ever again!I get it, I'm no connoisseur and I probably would have been a small commission that night; nonetheless, I'm a customer and I deserve a good service. I was hearth lightly going in to get advices and most likely buy my first camera. I was so put off by the store employee that I will never buy anything from them.  The employee was a chauvinist which I think is ultimately detrimental to the business. Instead of passing down his knowledge and passion for photography he simply looked down on me. Who knows? If he had acted differently he might have piqued my interest more and created a loyal customer.
4	While their prices are generally higher than other places, the service and selection at Lozeau is excellent. They are very happy to serve you in French or English, and to take some time to demo the newest $1000 lens or to explain a $10 accessory. A+ for customer service. The rental side is very professional and is an affordable way to try out expensive gear before buying.
