5	Gourmet Command Center came out to feed our hungry auction customers, and Bernie, Cindie, and the whole family are just great!  Excellent and professional service.  YUMMY, hot, and fresh made food!  Great prices and wide selection of choices!  It just doesn't get any better than this...and I haven't even mentioned the head-turning TRUCK!  Gourmet Command Center is a class act, and I would recommend them to anyone!~Cheryl ToddAZFirearms.com & Pot Of Gold Estate Liquidations, LLCAvondale, AZ
4	I ordered a Philly Cheesesteak, Chorizo Burger and Sweet Potato Fries with Maple syrup dipping sauce..I have never been to Philly but I bet the cheesesteaks with chez wiz are pretty damn close..I'm not a big fan of sweet potatoes but these fries we're great with the maple sauce..The real star of this show was the Chorizo Burger..it's a burger made outta Chorizo..Hello!..Awesome!..Hope they come to Tucson soon!
5	Stomach and tongue give it two thumbs up!Italian Philly was the final choice after a long eliminations process from the menu.After receiving my meal, I felt as if once again my eyes were bigger than my stomach. I was starting to slow down half way through the sandwich, but my taste buds wouldn't let me put down this flavorful Philly until it was all gone.I also had a chance to steal a couple bites of their pulled pork sandwich. Those bites will make my next eliminations even tougher!Great food, great service, wish I lived closer.
3	We've eaten at GCC about 3 or 4 times now.  2 times at the Gilbert Food Truck Court on a Friday night.  1 time at the Encanto Home Tour.  And the last time at this past First Friday on Roosevelt Row.  Sandwiches I've tried - Gourmet Chorizo Burger, The New Yorker, and the PhillySides - Seasoned Fries, and the Cheeseballs.Everything we've had and ordered has been great.  But they must have been off their game this past  FF on RR.  My parts of my Philly were cold on the inside.  And the fries we ordered were slightly cold too.  We ordered the cheeseballs again and this time we asked them to leave the honey mustard sauce off.  Instead I used some hot sauce (tapitio) and we got a side of blue cheese dressing.  That combo was pretty good!  J said the gal seemed kinda put off that we altered the balls.  But whatever.  Again, maybe this Friday they were having an off night.  We'll probably return to GCC, but i think it will be a while before we do.
4	Huge fan of the Philly! You must try the Rattler or ask for a side of the rattler relish.. You will wake in the middle of the night thinking about this combination.. The cheese balls are a must try but today they went quick!~  I hope they're able to make it to my side of town more often!
