5	Grand Opening day for the first centrally located Nordstrom Rack. Near the beautiful Biltmore area of Phoenix this location is located at Town and Country shopping center off of 20th street and Camelback. Doors opened at 9am with over 300 guest waiting patiently for the doors to open. The store had a welcome party at 7:30am with a DJ and refreshments to get shoppers excited. The main reason to get their early was to get an opportunity to win a 2,000 shopping spree with 90 seconds to race the racks and grab all one could get. Sadly only one lucky winner. Even though I did not win there was other exciting things going on. The store was well staffed with members of the team greeting customers and showing off some of the hottest buys for less. They also provided free samples of Netroguena products which is a line they carry in beauty.As the doors opened they kindly welcomed each guest with all of the staff cheering everyone on as they walked in. There was another incentive for those who were up early to catch the great buys the store had 20 hidden golden hangers worth $100 each to use towards your purchase. It was a safe opening with plenty of cashiers, space and merchandise. The store was beautiful. Very organized and well stocked with the latest trendy fashions. Items were easy to find and within reach. There was something for everyone with different price points. I was very impressed with this location. The store did a wonderful job by being organized and ready. No long lines and plenty of parking. Bottle water was provided as it was hot but the lines outside the store were in the shade.I see this location as a successful one as Nordstrom is known for their quality service and merchandise. We needed more shopping stores in the central area of Phoenix and this will be the next new place to be.
5	Now at Town and Country, a whole new Rack to entice me into spending money.  Stopped by for the grand opening today and I can only hope they keep the place as nicely organized as it currently is.  Same quality as you'd expect from Nordstrom, great selection, and generally 1/3 to 1/2 the price.  No complaints.  None at all.
5	I knew it was going to be bad when I heard they were putting a Nordstrom Rack literally right down the street from me but I had no idea it was going to be this bad for me & my bank account...First off, the place is immaculate..so well organized and it's beyond easy to find what you're looking for. Not only that but even the clearance racks are still organized where as most places, most people have picked over it in such a frenzy, it's usually impossible to keep it tidy..but NR does it!Secondly, the staff is awesome. So friendly without being in your face and when my mom had a tumble, they called me to the front, walked me over to her & really took the time to make sure she was OK. I can't tell you how much it helped that they were so nice as she was really embarrassed by the ordeal. The entire staff is friendly too..not just one or two people...specifically Stephanie, the girl who checked me out. She was so nice & really took the time to help me. The clothes are obviously great. Great selection and for great prices for the most part. Damn you, NR for exceeding my expectations..you're going to make it impossible for me to not come in more than probably necessary.
5	When I heard that they were opening a Nordstrom Rack in Town and Country I was jumping for joy. :) So,  I finally went to the new Rack at Town and Country last night.  When I walked in the store I was like WOW this store is huge and well organized.  Sara the cashier that checked me out was super friendly to me and we ended up talking for a couple of minutes too.  I will definitely be coming by to the Rack at Town and Country.
5	I knew I was in trouble when I saw they were opening up a Rack in Town and Country. I stopped in on Saturday and came out two hours later with enough to fill the trunk of my car. I couldn't get over how clean and well structured this store is. Perhaps because it has only been open for a few weeks, but it was well organized and not rifled through like most other Racks. Now I have yet another store within walking distance to fuel my shoe addiction. I found a pair of Vince Camuto's in  the clearance section for $80! My man also had a lot of luck, he was able to find a pair of Seven Jeans, 2 sweaters and some CC undies (that fit his 6'6 frame).I can already tell I am going to have to put myself on an allowance because I drool every time I drive by the store.
5	Neat, clean, organized. Great prices. Helpful staff. I have no complaints.
4	New store in Biltmore
5	I am pretty sure I am exclusively clothes shopping here from now on. Such a nice atmosphere with super low prices on Nordstrom brands. I just love the quality and style of the clothes and shoes. The place is brand new, super nice, and as others have said, very organized, right down to the clearance racks.
4	I love the location, and the finds are great.  I have found everything from Hats to Mavi Jeans and dress shoes are great prices.  Staff is friendly, atmosphere is upbeat.  If you love true quality clothing and shoes but don't want to pay come in here.  Also the sales associate sold me on their rewards debit card.  Merchandise displayed is very neat and kept.   Love ya Nordstrom Rack!
4	I really like this location! They have awesome customer service and a great selection of clothes! I'm happy this new location is here... my bank account... not so happy.
4	***This is a very clean and nicely organized Nordstrom Rack (much better layout and much easier to shop than the Nordstrom Rack at Howard Hughes Center in Los Angeles); they have some good quality items though value varies--some decent deals, some okay deals and some items that feel a tad pricey; the selection throughout the store from luggage and beauty products to shoes and sunglasses is pretty good though; service was friendly though they need more cashiers working the registers***Nordstrom Rack is in a retail plaza that has its own huge and free parking lot. It is easy finding an open space.
4	Being a man who just recently lost a ton of weight (and clothes sizes), I am in need of a new wardrobe. I am now in full "purchase mode" and procuring the best shirts, polos, pants, etc, all at the best price. I heard about Rack a couple times, and thought "Meh, if they have nothing, I only wasted about 10 minutes of my life." Well, lets just say this place is outstanding! Lets run our hands through the Pant aisle at full speed, and discuss Nordstrom Rack:~What to do~Buy buy buy clothes, shoes, perfumes, accessories, etc... ALL at significantly marked down prices.~The Good~THEY HAVE PENGUIN! I love....love...love this brand. I am not a clothes person persay, but holy God I love this brand. They have it marked way down, at prices which allow me to comfortably stock my closet. The prices for all the designer clothes, for that matter, are outstanding. I was giddy with excitement looking at all the magnificent deals. Everything I got was at least 50% the normal dollar  rate in regular stores or online! I picked around and was able to come out of the store with everything my heart wanted. The selection is outstanding and they do not skimp on the name brands or styles. Everyone is accounted for, and the styles are not the slightest bit garish. Also, service is fast, even with long lines. They are efficient with your time spent in the store in mind. ~The Bad~Although they are still marked down, the shoe selection is still pricey. I do not suggest buying the shoes, you can go online or to a shoe store to get better deals. Maybe try on the shoes you are looking for, but put them back and save your money. The jeans are also pretty expensive. I am not a jeans guy, so the dollar amounts for the jeans seemed excessive. I am pretty sure I can get the same quality jeans for a quarter of the price somewhere else. I obviously can't vouche for the womens side, they have a ton... so no comment there. That really covers it, not too bad if you ask me.~The Down Low~All this said, there are many places to get marked down clothes at. I did my homework, the prices here beat markdowns online and even on E-bay for my Penguin brand. The same goes for a lot of brands, I am sure. For designer styles at marked down prices, this is the perfect spot, and its so close to my place. As for my 4-star rating, the strong variety of options, good looking clothes, large list of designer brands, and the quick efficient service keeps this place with a high rating. The poor prices on shoes and jeans knock a star off. I highly recommend shopping here. Why waste your money with markups!?! Come here, and enjoy!
5	Love this place, no doubt. I love to shop and can find myself lost for hours in this store due to the "department like" options or can run in and grab something on the fly. The prices are always super reasonable and the staff is always courteous and helpful.
5	I'm a shop-a-holic...and this place makes that addiction okay. There aren't many places you can get name brands for this cheap. Not to mention, this place is clean and organized, unlike other bargain stores. If you're in the market for a new wardrobe, or just want to browse, this is the place to go.Overall, this place is a shoppers heaven.
5	LOVE it! At Grand Canyon University for the week doing a residency and needed stuff to do at night. We do not have a Nordstrom Rack in SC so I decided against my better judgement to stop in. Spend almost a hour in there and walked out with several great buys. The guy in front of me got his bike stolen while he was shopping that night .... didn't look like a rough area but what do I know?
4	This is a spacious, clean and  well organized Nordstrom Rack.  There are many bargains to be had although a lot of the merchandise looks like it is direct to the Rack instead of merchandise that arrived via the Nordstrom stores. The entire back portion of the store is shoes and unlike some Racks which only have one shoe out and you have to go and ask a clerk for the mate, this Rack has both shoes out. Some of the discounts were not as deep as I would have liked on the higher end labels, but they were still a bargain.
4	I very rarely shop at Nordstrom/Nordstrom Rack, but when I do it's normally the Fashion Square location (regular) or Chandler location (Rack). I got a gift card to here recently and randomly decided to come to this location and use it. In the future, on the rare occasion I decide to shop at a Nordstrom, this will probably be my location of choice. It's VERY clean & well-organized compared to the Rack location in Chandler. I've always liked the selection at Nordstrom Rack, and this one is no different (to be honest, I don't think this store is necessarily any "better" in terms of selection than other Rack's but because it's so well organized it almost comes across that way). The one thing about this location, and maybe it was just me, but it seems to have a lot more formal wear compared to other Rack  locations. I guess that could be a good thing (or mean nothing to you) depending on what types of clothing you wear more/less often.
5	I'm really happy they opened this location! It's very clean, full of great finds and spacious. It's always a little calmer than the Scottsdale location and not as picked over. It also seems more spacious. They have a great selection of purses, shoes, accessories, jewelry, clothes and bath products.
5	Great selection of men's clothes. A lot of really good t-shirts and many good deals can be found on the clearance racks. Upon coming here I wasn't expecting much as I always thought this store was geared almost solely towards women shoppers. I was wrong as there's a good portion of the store dedicated to us guys.
4	Excellent prices on accessories, good selection even in the common sizes and it is not a zoo... like Last Chance.
4	I went here for the first time ever when I noticed it near my Title Companies office.  Decided to stroll on in and loved it.  I was a little afraid their prices would be outrageous but they were pretty reasonable.I haven't bought work pants in forever as I have a hard time finding pants for my specific figure, but here I was able to find 3 pairs of pants that were very business appropriate, all 3 for under $100 with tax included.I love that you can check out anywhere, there are plenty of store workers you can do it with.The only thing I highly recommend is to make sure you try on every article of clothing.  Even if you grab it in a different size or color, or the one you're looking at has a snag so you grab a different one.  The reason I say this is I found a top I loved, I tried it on and noticed the sleeves were different and it wasn't obvious on the hanger but mighty obvious while wearing it.Otherwise I've been pretty happy with everything I've purchased and I'll continue to shop here more.
3	This is a great new Nordstrom Rack. It's very well stocked and super neat and clean. Even the dressing rooms are clean and well kept. This location loses two stars because of a serious, consistent problem: the checkout lines are really, really, really long. They never seem to have enough registers open. When the line backs up 4 or 5 people deep, it's time to open another register! I still love this store but I can't just pop in on a lunch break because it takes 15 minutes to check out. If you have lots of time then by all means stop in to shop. There are some particularly great values to be found on the clearance racks if you're willing to hunt.
5	great selection and plenty of parking.  there weren't long lines to check out like i'm used to.  will be back.
5	I've been to the locations out in Peoria and Chandler and this one has the best stuff by far! In Chandler they make you wait in this long line to try on your size shoe and has a horrible selection. Peoria has a good selection, but it's far. Customer service is always great at this location and I always leave with a new, cute outfit without having to break the bank!
5	This is my favorite retail store in phx , I have small feet so able to always find something good !
4	Out of all the places I visited in Phoenix, Nordstrom Rack by far was my favourite. Found some great bargains and really enjoyed looking around all of the floors (and there is plenty) however any visit to Nordstrom Rack is not complete without visiting the basement restaurant the food was amazing and the service ever better can't wait to go back next year.
5	We were in the run up to Christmas at Nordstrom Rack un dhatten thus the opportunity to experience the great Christmas decoration with super sale offers. I can not really recommend any AZ  visitor a tour of this largest department store in the world to do. Here everyone should find something suitable.
5	Nordstrom Rack is new to the Phoenix market. I finally them a visit to get a makeup makeover. I really enjoyed the experience. The makeup associate really took her time with me. I received lots of compliments on my new image.
