4	I did not utilize copper square kitchen to cater my wedding however I wanted to write a review in regards to their customer service. Griselda Chacon who is the manager here is absolutely awesome. She is super friendly and extremely helpful. There was a list of cheap referrals in regards to linens, cake, DJ's, etc that she copied for me because she recently had her wedding a year prior. The prices are VERY competitive in regards to the surrounding hotels (Sheraton, Westin, etc). So if you're looking for catering services for roughly 100-125 under $7000, then check them out. The only reason why we didn't book with them is because we chose an all inclusive venue that we couldn't pass up that was closer to home. If I were getting married in Downtown, I would go with Copper Square Kitchen at the Hyatt. Ask for Griselda!
5	A few weeks after our wedding and we are still getting rave reviews on not only the food, but the service provided by Copper Square Kitchen. We tasted with Copper Square and one other caterer, and there was no comparison, and the other caterer's food gave me such a belly ache! If you want a simple chicken or beef choice, you can pretty much go to anyone (although I'm sure Copper Square rocks this out too) but if you want a truly unique meal that your guests will be talking about weeks later, go with these guys. At our tasting they really pulled out all the stops. Griselda (the Catering Manager I think is her title) is just so warm and accommodating and I felt like whatever we asked for, she would make it happen. Susie, the Head Server is also the bomb. She made me feel like a princess not only at the tasting but on the big day.First the service - on my wedding night every time I turned around my champagne was topped off and my drink was filled. Susie even placed a plate of food at my seat, knowing that I would be rushed saying hello to everyone (she was right!).  Many of our guests commented on the high level of services from both the servers and bar staff - and the stiff pours were much appreciated by our guests (we provided the liquor which was a huge cost saver). Griselda was also there to make sure the night was a success.I also want to mention that we used the Hyatt Downtown Phoenix(Copper Square is part of Hyatt)  as our hotel of choice for our guests and they were beyond thrilled with the service, location, and rooms in the hotel too. We received a complimentary wedding night room as part of our package, and Griselda gave us an amazing room for our first night as a married couple! We plan to come back to Hyatt to celebrate our anniversary in the future.On to the food ... like I mentioned, we did not want the "chipper chicken" nor the "vale" (OK if you haven't seen Father of the Bride that makes no sense). We wanted a unique variety of flavors that would please all of our guests. We really wanted food stations to remove the wedding stuffiness. I have to tell you that the presentation of the food stations by Copper Square is the coolest I have seen at any event. They use really cool tables and unique set ups to make the food look appealing, which trust me it does pretty well on its own. So here is what we selected: We had the Dippin Station at cocktail hour, which I pretty much missed, all though I did pound a few bread cubes dipped in Spinach Dip while lining up for the reception, and it was really good! The Sonoran Street Tacos: Tacos for wedding food? Yes please! Our guests freaking loved it! They served chicken, carne asada, and pork carnitas tacos with warm shells and the most amazing homemade salsas and guac for toppings. They were all delish, as I learned at the tasting. Mid way through wedding planning I made a personal decision to stop eating meat, poultry, and pork. Griselda immediately offered to check with the chef on subbing shrimp tacos which I thought was really sweet, but I stayed with the original 3 choices. Sushi Station: So we originally were going to do the Bisbee mini Kobe burgers, which were amazing at the tasting. They were a casualty of my newfound pescatarianism, because, I should get to eat at my own wedding right? And we were originally serving a lot of red meat. I was glad I switched it to Sushi, which anyplace else would have been risky, but it was SO GOOD and gave our guests another variety of flavor to experience. The presentation was awesome and the fish was so fresh and just the right amount of heat. Roasted Beef Tenderloin w/Cheddar Mashed: This was for my meat eating Chicago family. Again, it was so good when I had it at the tasting, and the guests said that it was so juicy and tender - one actually said it was the best meat he had ever had! I enjoyed a heaping pile of the mashed potatoes, and I'm pretty sure that they serve those in heaven. Mac'n'Cheese bar: Presentation wise, this was the only slight miss by Copper Square (nobody's perfect) because I had requested they be served in Martini glasses, and put on my menus "Mac'n'Cheese Martini Bar" so the guests were probably wondering where the martinis were because they just had small plates, but no biggie. The cheese sauce was soooooooo good and I loved that there was also a vegan option of soy cheese and eggless noodles for the few vegans in the house. They offered chorizo, bacon, veggies, etc.. as toppings and this was the hit of the night!All in all, a HUGE thank you to Copper Square and the entire team. I couldn't believe how they basically threw down a kitchen in the side alley and everything turned out 5 star A+++++. Griselda was an absolute doll and I hope we stay in touch, and we will see you all when we hit up the Hyatt for our anniversary (unless of course we can afford to go to Tahiti where we went for our honeymoon, yeah, prob not gonna happen!)
5	Griselda, Susie, and the rest of the CSK team catered my wedding at the Phoenix Art Museum on 10-25.  Can't say enough good things about the service and the food.  All of the pre-wedding planning and coordination was fantastic.  Our guest count did drop below the minimum but Griselda was awesome in helping us add some late night sliders to the menu as well as enhancing our cocktail hour appetizers.  She even helped coordinate our deserts the day before.  The quality of the food and its presentation was 6 stars.  All of our guests were impressed.  CSK helped make our wedding a complete success!  They are truly a top notch caterer and would be an excellent choice.  You will not be dissapointed!
