5	Wellness for less is an amazing value. Office visit is under 40 Dollars. Cindy is really good. She has a great bedside manner.  Reviewing from a smart phone is tedious so I will sign off and say Thankyou! LOW COST HEALTHCARE is real at Wellness for Less!
1	I called 6 times over 2 hours before someone answered to make an appointment. The woman on the phone (Erin?) sounded so annoyed by my call. Nonetheless I made an appointment.  Finding the place was a challenge, but I pulled up, unbuckled my 7 month old and 3 year old in the hot sun and walked up to the front door. Locked. What? I called and the guy said "Oh the entrance is in the back, just drive to the back of the building and park there," as if I was supposed to already know. There isn't even a sign on the front saying that the entrance is in the back. Anyway, I re-buckle my (now crying) children, and drive to the back of the building. There isn't a sign as to which door is theirs, so I call again. He said it was the one with the screen door, I thank him, and say I'll be inside shortly. I unbuckle the troops again, and we walk up to the door. It's locked too! I can hear someone inside so I bang on the door and wait. Nothing. I tried the doors to the right and left of the screened one, locked too. I banged on the screen door again, because I can still hear someone on the other side. Nothing. By now my 7 month old is sweaty and crying. Did I mention it was 2pm and 104 degrees out today!?I got all of my children back into the car (again!), and I called to cancel my appointment as I drove away. I told him that having no signs and all of your doors locked is THE best way to lose customers. Not once did he apologize for it being so damn difficult to just get into the building. I only drove all the way down here because we are in between insurances, because my husband started a new job. I have no idea how they are medically, but I will wait until we have insurance again to go to a REAL business.
5	I would absolutely recommend this this place to anyone who is looking for fast and affordable healthcare. I had a kidney infection that I let go on too long because of my lack of insurance. I was in pretty rough shape one day and decided to go to the Walgreens walk in clinic. The guy at the front desk referred me here because it would be quicker and cost half as much. I am so thankful he did!. The office is clean and the staff is super friendly. Cindy Steel was incredibly welcoming and compassionate.
5	THEY HAVE MOVED! Here is the new address:2530 East Indian School RoadPhoenix, AZ 85016Just to let you know I have been back a number of times now. With a new insurance company it is even better than before! As a member of HeallthNet AZ my office visits are covered 100%, I could change to a different Doctor or Clinic but change is not good when knowing these folks have always taken great care of me. To everyone at the clinic, Thank You for all you have done!
