3	This is where you board and being dropped off if you are taking Megabus to or from Montreal.A little quiet but it is a good as one can chill a little while waiting for the bus. Ample seating and free wifi. Really close to Metro Bonaventure just a block South.The sad thing is there is NOTHING interesting around here. I wish there is a pub or something I could have a drink........
3	This is the location of the new Megabus station. Really no frills.Seating onto the bus is regimented. There is a seated line up for an orderly way to grab that seat on the bus which in my mind is good idea! It looks absolutely makeshift. There is only bathroom so be prepared to wait either to use the one on the bus or wait in line to use the lonely washroom.
3	So it's your waiting area for the Megabus. By the way, you can't wait outside at the bus stop, the lineup actually starts in the building. If you aren't aware of that, you'd be forced to the back of the line.I took the 9:00pm bus last night heading back to Toronto, and surprisingly only about 20 people on board. Definitely a lot more comfortable than the 12:30am midnight bus from Toronto, which was full right to every single seat.I do agree with Jennifer K., which is that there's not a lot of amenities around the waiting area. You could go inside Le 1000 if the shops are still open, or through the Reso to the Eaton Centre food court for food.
1	I would give it minus stars if I could.  I had no problem with the coach itself-quite comfortableand clean.  the problem I had was leaving someonestranded at 3:00 am because you didn't want to wait an extra minute for a passenger to board or ratherre -board the bus.  This happened to myhusband who went out to stretch his legs at astop-over.  We were traveling from toronto toMontreal and stops at Kingston. The drivergave a warning that the bus would depart in 10minutes,however seemed to cut this short and started tomove the bus-he wouldn't open the door to letmy husband back on-arguing that he's on atight schedule. I think he was in a hurry to get off his shift.  Seems doing a little thing could'vewent a long way. My husband had to wait 3 hoursfor the next bus and megabus has some prettycrappy stations-nothing around, dead areas andno amenities-not too great or safe to be late at night.The driver also had a real attitude-like I saida little humanity could've gone a long way.
3	My brother and I just returned from 3 days in Montreal and I took the Megabus both ways (he met me there because he had flown in from Miami--yeah, he is a lucky butt!) The drive to Montreal from Toronto was great. I left at 9am on Tuesday morning from Toronto and the bus was only half-full. This was great because it allowed me to take up two seats and spread myself out (I am pretty small so I could make myself into a ball and I slept the whole way). The return was a whole different story. It has been 2 yrs since I have taken the Megabus to Montreal and the last time I was there, the stop was located indoors. On our way home last night I made the mistake of not double-checking the address, and I ended up getting my brother and I lost. It turns out that even though you still get to wait indoors for the bus, you still need to go through the outside to get to the entrance of the new stop. This was not the case before.The stop itself is sparse and there is nothing around. Since my brother and I were taking the 12:15am bus to Toronto, the area looked even more sketchy (imagine dark, dead and gloomy). My brother and I were the first to get on the bus and we went straight to the 2nd floor and snagged the row in the back hoping that we would be able to sleep using up an extra chair each. Wrong. The bus got packed really quickly and we had to give up the extra chairs. I know, it's not cool to try to take up extra chairs, but come on, you can't tell me you have not tried to avoid having someone sit next to you! So, we lost the middle seats to 2 gentlemen and my brother and I got comfortable in each of our corners. Right before we left the station, a man with 2 dogs got on the bus. The man did not exactly smell great, so many people moved from the back of the bus where the man had chosen to sit with his dogs, to the front or bottom of the bus. The 2 gentleman sitting between my brother and I tried to cover their noses, but after 20 minutes or so, they gave up and left their seats. So yeh! For getting the extra seats for my brother and I to stretch on, but neh for having a pretty smelly ride home. Here is my advice:*As soon as you arrive, get in line (sit on the chairs against the wall by the window) *If taking a bus after 9pm, buy food in advance*After they open the line, you need to walk to the bus located on the street--sometimes not in front of the waiting area. Why park so far? Who the heck knows?*It gets really cold on the bus. Come prepared with scarves and blankets
