5	I'm on a low carb diet and I didn't think this place would be able to help but I ordered their BIG DADDY sub and they happily put it in a salad bowl! It has over 70 grams of protein and I was thrilled. Tamra is always friend and very helpful. She remembers people and their orders and I'm impressed with this Cousins Subs. I haven't been to others so I can't speak for all of them but this will be my regular lunch take out for those busy days. I just call and order!
4	i just went to Cousins Subs for the first time this evening and wow!  They are really good!  i ordered a veggie sub with the garlic herb bread and it was fantastic.  The veggies were crispy and the bread was perfect.  The ladies behind the counter were really nice as well.  I'll definitely go back.
4	Very clean and a brand-new location, staff was very friendly and helpful. I planned on stopping by to Dunkin' Donuts to pick up donuts for the office and was drawn into cousins subs got a half-dozen subs, definitely worth it I'll be visiting back again
4	Very clean and always delicious.  I had been getting Capriotti's down the road, but this is so much better!  I'm a vegetarian, so I can't really vouch for the meat, but the veggies, cheese and bread are always tasty.  The ladies behind the counter are friendly and helpful. So why only four stars you may ask?  Because this place STINKS. As soon as you walk in there's an overwhelming chemical smell.   I assume it's a cleaner, which I appreciate, but I always have to get my meal "to go" because of this ungodly nostril-roasting smell.
4	Extremely clean store and the staff is super friendly. Subs are always delicious and the bread is fresh! Only place in AZ that I know of where you can find Sprecher root beer, yum! Makes me feel like I am back home in WI.
1	Had a terrible first experience at this place. I arrived at the store 10 minuets before closing time. Employee was a young male and EXTREMELY rude. He locked the door 5 mins before closing time to prevent any more customers from coming in. As soon as we got our food and sat down, the employee rudely asked us to leave at 8:07. Never going back to that store again.
1	Inferior meats used on sandwitches, looked like they buy meats from.the dollar store,used to be a lot better,.cheap, lousy meats, waste of money, go elsewhere!
4	Love Cousins Subs from way back.  The stores I used to go to have either closed or are seriously run down, so I was glad to see this one open.  The employees have always been friendly and helpful and the sandwiches as good as always.  It's far from my house, but every once in a while I'm able to stop by and get a good basic turkey sandwich and my day is good.
