4	I'm giving up another local fave of mine here! This place is a hoot!  It's a Mediterranean place owned by three Asian women.  Toni, Suki & Felice do a great job.  They bought the place from a Mediterranean family in 89 or 90 and have being doing it up ever since.Now, I don't know how authentic all of the dishes are, but they are super tasty!  The hummus is wonderful and creamy with the warm pita.  The lentil soup is delish, creamy and full of flavor.  I love the rosemary chicken & pasta dish too.  Greek salads are always fresh and crispy.  The chicken shushka is my absolute favorite -- shredded chicken cooked in a tomatoey broth over rice.  It's spicy and warm in your tummy!  I also always get a side of grilled veggies -- carrots and zucchini, I don't know how them make them taste so good.The atmosphere is really casual, but the service is great.  If you're in here more than two or three times, the ladies will remember you.  Especially Suki -- she's the real character of the bunch.  Nothing fancy here -- paper napkins and no tablecloths.   It's almost like being at your crazy Asian auntie's house when she's having Mediterranean night.  The wine list is just ok, so stick to Athenian beer and you'll be good to go.  Special orders are no problem and take out is easy too.Parking can be a bit of a problem, as Med House is in the same strip mall at Richardson's and Dick's Hideaway.  Best bet is to park in the back and enter through the back door.
4	Second night in Phoenix... Chinese did not go well the first night... Let's try something totally different... Was around the 16th Street / Bethany Home area... Didn't want to try Richardson's as it was so busy... Let's try the dark and secluded Mediterranean House!Surprise! This Greek restaurant is owned by a Korean lady named Suki! What a combo! I asked her why she didn't open a Korean restaurant because you can charge up to $16 for BulGogi or Galbi. I guess she just wanted to try something different.For starters we tried the Combination Platter which consisted of Hummus, Babaghanoush, and Falafel Balls with Pita Bread. I warned my friend, and any person reading this review, that Greek cooking combines herbs unlike no other country in Europe. You have to like the flavor of oregano, mint, garlic, onion, dill and bay leaves, basil, thyme, and grape leaves. Feta (Goat) Cheese is used often in their salads. And their desserts are characterized by the use of nuts and honey.Suki could tell by my friend's facial expressions that Greek spices were not to his liking; she recommended the Cairo Special as an entree - Egyptian Chicken and Mediterranean Beef combination. The Egyptian Chicken was slightly overcooked, but had a sweet aftertaste which was interesting. The Mediterranean Beef was excellent.I ordered the Lamb Shish Kabob - which consisted of two big skewers filled with gigantic pieces of Lamb, Onions, Green Peppers and Tomatoes! The Lamb was the tenderest I had in years - EXCELLENT! Of course, you have to like Lamb...For dessert my friend had the Cheesecake - unfortunately store bought. I had the Baklava, which was delicate and light, with two small cups of Turkish Coffee! The coffee was not as strong as coffee I had in Europe, but is probably the best in Phoenix. (When you drink Turkish Coffee... Stir the coffee OFTEN! Grounds from the coffee will settle to the bottom if you don't... then you'll be drinking Turkish Mud! And stir in about 2-3 teaspoons of sugar, which makes it taste GOOD! I know you're going to say "that much sugar!" when you see such a small cup... trust me! When I was in Europe, my friends would often take me to breakfast establishments that would serve Turkish Coffee. (Many customers would take a couple of shots of Turkish Coffee before their workday began!).An excellent Greek restaurant... with the proviso that one has to favor Greek spices and herbs.
4	This happens occasionally, too. Heidi E. and I are friends, but sometimes friends don't agree. Maybe it's a matter of different tastes, or even different experiences, who knows, but I have a very different take on Med House.I've been eating at Mediterranean House regularly for the last 6 or 7 years. Started with a group of business friends for occasional lunches, then for dinners with my partner, and now it's a couple times a month for take out. (Have to say I prefer take-out for a few reasons: convenient, neighborhood spot; food travels well; only beer + wine when dining in.)I find the food here to generally be great - though not always consistent, have had one or two just so-so dinners. That said, when the kitchen is on, the food can be spectacular. We usually order the same few dishes - one of the chicken plates and the gyros platter. My favorite chicken plate is the Olympic Chicken, which is grilled chicken breast with a really delicious black olive sauce. The Moroccan Chicken is also really good, and maybe a little healthier with it's herbed breasts, honey-yogurt sauce and side of carrots, apple and spinach (which is not cooked, just shredded, but surprisingly good.) If you want rich flavor, go for the Egyptian Chicken, which is pan-fried in parmesan cheese and herbs. If you want spicy, go for the Chicken Shushka, which is more stew-like, flavored with lots of paprika. The Gyros platter is a standard favorite, though Med House does it a little different. No shredded lamb here - instead, you get 4 long pieces of juicy, tender meat. I think the quality is better this way, and it makes for a nice dinner presentation. Pita and house-made yogurt-cucumber sauce are still the perfect accompaniments, and If you like spicy, ask for the spicy green sauce - some kind of minced hot green peppers - the flavors match the gyros meat perfectly.Hummus and Baba Ganouj appetizers are just OK, I suggest the Lentil soup instead - vegetarian, made from scratch, delicious and hearty. Salad is OK as well - dressing can be a little too citrus-y or vinegar-y for my taste, but always fresh feta and crisp veggies. Love the rice pilaf, with almonds and apricots, and the 2 pasta sides - fettucine with creamed spinach or angel hair pasta with sundried tomato and feta - both are rich with flavor.If you're interested in trying Mediterranean House, I suggest sooner rather than later, as the strip mall where they're located may be seeing some major changes. The building owner has told tenants he'll not be guaranteeing any leases, and most tenants are already gone. Unfortunately, if Med House loses their lease, they may not reopen at all. I'm pretty sad about that, and a couple nights a month I'm sure my stomach and taste buds will be, too.
5	CLOSING FOR GOOD IN OCTOBER!I eat here, maybe twice a month, and have never had a bad meal.  I was shocked when Suki (sp?) told me they were closing in October, for good.  Apparently they are having problems with a difficult (to put it nicely) landlord. Make plans now to go and enjoy it while it lasts.  Heidi, have you tried the Egyptian Plate?  We usually go in and start with Hummus, Lentil Soup and then move on to the stuffed grape leaves or Egyptian Plate.  I also like the Falafal pita.
2	gotta say that this place failed on the majority. service was slow and rude. the hummus was almost all tahini, no lemon juice, and no seasoning. lentil soup was like chef boyardie chili gone bad.i dont recommend this place at all. lots of choices in the area.
4	the food was delightful! i've eaten here twice and enjoyed it! the service was very friendly and good place to sit down with your friends and just yap away about your horrible day. the food will cure away your hard day at the office. if not then just go to taco bell and call it a night. i also  like the setting inside, it's lighting is a great place to take out a date if both of you are adventurous about trying out a totally different place to eat. HURRY they're closing in October as Bobby Q. stated on his post. I will try to go there before their doors are shut for good. :(
4	NOT CLOSING AFTER ALL!!!I've been going to Mediterranean House for about 15 years, and I've never had a bad meal there. I went this evening for one last time before they close, and it turns out that they aren't closing! They will be open for at least one more year due a reprieve on the lease situation. Excellent!
