5	Lucky is amazing!!  We purchased a certificate that she had donated to the school fundraiser.  The menu that she provides has many wonderful items to choose from.  She came to our house prepared and ready to feed our family.  We chose the Pad Prik King and her Signature Fried Rice.. Phenomenal!!!  Her fried rice was so good we signed up our daughters to attend her FREE children's fried rice cooking class.  You can tell Lucky loves to cook.  She has a huge heart for our community, so reach out to her for your next meal or to take one of her wonderful cooking classes.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this woman! She was blessed with a gift & so glad she shares it with us! When you don't want junk delivery but you don't want to cook- this is who you call. When you go out of town & leave your husband home to work but don't want him to starve- this is who you call! Delicious. Healthy. Affordable. Thank you so much for cooking for my hubby when I'm not home, you keep him alive when I can't! You are the best, love you like family!
5	I was Lucky to have Lucky cater my wedding.  My guests were pleasantly surprised that the food was made right there fresh and hot.  I was overjoyed to have her.  She was awesome, her staff was amazing and the food was the best I have ever tasted.
5	WOW! this gal can cook! I have taken Lucky's cooking school for adults and I had a great time, ate yummy food and learned how to make some of her delish dishes.  She had so much patience with my friends and me when we were learning.  My kids attended her cooking classes and had a lot of fun.  Healthy food that kids want to eat is a great thing.  So yummy!  Lucky truly loves what she does and it shows.  A chef with passion for cooking great food.  I can't wait to try more of her dishes and classes.  Thanks Lucky for introducing your good food to us.
5	All I can say is Yummmmm!! Best Crab Ragoons ever! My kids/ husband were fighting over them. Lucky did the fruit arrangements for my girls birthday party and everyone loved it. So beautiful! My other daughter was also just invited to a friends party that Lucky did a cooking class for the kids. My daughter had so much fun and was very proud of what she did.Very professional and good with kids.  I am ordering dinner from her tonight and would love to have it become a weekly thing!
5	WOW!! This food is SO GOOD!!! Thank you for the AMAZING fried rice & egg rolls. Loved it all!! The egg rolls have the perfect flaky crust. Highly recommend. We had this sticky rice before that is FABULOUS as well. Reasonably priced, too.
5	Lucky's appreciation for her home country of Thailand's cuisine is sensational. Lucky recently visited my home to audition for a house party and represented herself extraordinarily well, preparing handmade egg rolls, a perfectly spiced prawn fried rice and a favorite, Tom Ka Gai (mildly spicy chicken & coconut soup).  As a result of Lucky's delicious presentation, she will return soon for a special event house party. Stay tuned.
5	What a great personal chef experience! Trained at a culinary school in Thailand, Lucky brings technique, great service, and a delicious dining experience to the -- heh-heh -- table. Would def recommend for a super fun and tasty night.
5	We had some guests in town and wanted to do something special so we had Lucky prepare a meal for us. Let me tell you,  it was nothing short of amazing! My guests and I were all impressed by not only how delicious the food was, but by how beautifully it was presented. We all agreed the Pad Thai was the best we had ever tasted. It was a joy to watch her in the kitchen, as she has such passion for her cooking!Thank you Lucky for an unforgettable dining experience!
5	We recently hired Lucky and two waiters for a birthday party at our house. They showed up on time and got everything set up/ready to go.   Lucky customized the menu for party of 12, and she is ok with changing the menu at last minute.  She uses fresh ingredients, it was delicious and healthy Thai food.  The crew also made sure the kitchen was all clean up before they left.
5	I usually don't have time to write reviews but had to do this one because I must give credit where credit is due. Lucky went well above and beyond our expectations. I had important exams until 2 days before my daughter's party. I called Lucky the DAY BEFORE the celebration and Lucky graciously agreed for a reasonable price. When she arrived she had all of her prep ready. I considered bringing food home from s restaurant but I felt there is something truly special about having the cook at home and being present with your guests there to meet her.  I was right. Her preparation was all fresh, flavorful and every dish beautifully complimented one another and was absolutely delicious. The appetizers (crab rangoon, chicken egg rolls, and beef salad) went quickly. The entree's were equally amazing. My guests, who are true foodies, familiar with all the well known Las Vegas restaurants were truly impressed. I kept getting pulled aside with someone telling me, "This is REALLY good." As g host, I felt guilty for taking all the credit for her tremendous work. Her fruit basket at the end was the perfect finale. It was gorgeous. I can't believe how quickly she made it. I even received compliments from tough critical family members who praised me for finding her. Lucky gets my highest rating. It was very obvious that her objective is to provide the best quality food.  We are so grateful to her for making my daughter's one year old birthday so spectacular.
5	I got the chance to order some chicken pad thai, egg rolls, and crab rangoon.  I am a long time lover of Thai food and have tried it many different places.  This food is by far, some of the best I have ever eaten!!  The portions were very good size and the price was well worth it!  You will not regret it!
5	I'm so fortunate for hiring Lucky to cater my son's birthday party. Her food and presentation went beyond my expectation. She started with fresh sushi, egg roles with special tangy sauce and this delicious crab dumplings for appetizers. She also created a taco bar station with all the trimmings and a few Thai dishes too, including beef and broccoli and fried rice with a little coconut flavor. It was so delicious. I'm also impressed with the beautiful fruit carvings, which was displayed around the food for a beautiful presentation. The kids even got to make their own fruit flower arrangement. My party was a big hit...and friends are still talking about it. Her tasty meals, creativity and dedication is all very impressive.
5	Chef Lucky Thai catered my family Thanksgiving dinner and it was awesome. My family and friends  raved about her authentic, fresh and healthy Thai food. I have already booked Chef Lucky Thai to cater my family Christmas dinner and the 2015 EMG Anniversary Celebration. I guarantee that if you hire Chef Lucky Thai for catering, cooking classes, meal plans or personal chef services, you will thank yourself and hire Chef Lucky Thai, again and again.
