3	My daughter is growing so fast! Today was her first drum lesson! This place seems really busy kids pouring in and out. A very nice space the staff was very helpful. They have a really nice selection of instruments including mini Fender's that were so cute. They have amps, string's,  books, and pretty much anything else you'd need. They have a lot of teacher's here they teach it all 7 days a week. I may just sign up for those vocal lessons I've been wanting to do. Too bad I'm way passed the age cut off for American Idol. Oh and for dad's they had the depressing Cardinal's game on over the radio. It was painful to listen to I'm glad that I couldn't watch it!
4	I am a band teacher so naturally, I need to be in contact with a music store. This place was actually recommended to me so I tried it. The staff is very friendly and they always have what I am looking for. This is also the same place I take my instruments to, to get repaired. I really like that teachers get extra discounts because we buy in bulk. The sheet music selection is amazing and 20% off. It just sticks that there are no stores in Phoenix. One day...
2	I took my instrument here for a repair. I was told I'd get the estimate the next day but got it in two days. That's not a biggy and I'm AOK with that. I didn't ask enough questions and found out they don't do the repair and sent it out to someone else to repair. They had my instrument for 21 days. In that time I found out I could just send my instrument out for repair myself and the prices vary from $70-$140. (plus shipping) They charged me $225.00 I also use reeds and they sell the Ricco Reserve Reeds for $29.00 and that is fair but I found them myself on the internet for only $17.95 including shipping. They also don't carry my Eb reeds but they can order them. I told them not to bother I just ordered them myself. I saw they have many rooms with people practicing and it was terribly noisy the rooms don't seem soundproofed and it wasn't music to my ears.A little beat here or maybe it blows?
1	First guy that helped me had the excuse that he just started 2 weeks ago, 2nd guy had to get an older co-worker to clarify what I could use a store credit fir and what I couldn't and then there was a call out to the owner I assume to re-confirm that I could actually purchase the entry level trumpet on display using a store credit...owner didn't answer so the 2nd guy said 'I guess you cant use the credit' so they failed to make the sale happen due to 'store policy' no one could confirm.  Turns out I would have to pay the higher msrp price to buy something using store credit vs. the  sales price on display...not satisfied and not happy.  I will not be back here.
