4	The people here are super helpful, they let me try out Halloween decorations before making my final purchases, and they also let me return a few items I didn't use over Halloween with no hassle. The store itself is huge with all kinds of costumes, decorations, accessories, etc. They have all kinds of products for kids and adults. The prices are reasonable and its a great place for anyone that needs to get ready for a party.
4	I love coming here when it comes to party planning and decorating. It's a nice size store so they have quite a bit of stuff to choose from. Most of it is organized into different sections according to event type, holiday, etc. The employees are pretty cool and the few times I've been in here they add extra staff to help out around the holidays when it gets busy. I really like that this place is kept neat and fairly organized so that you aren't stepping over things or rummaging through different sections to find what you need.I recently came here looking for little toys and pencils for kids gift bags I was making and was happy to find everything I needed and more! Party City has tons of cool little toys and favors as low as .25 a piece. A nice feature they have is to email your receipts - it's good to have, especially if you're picking up items for work that have to be submitted for reimbursement. Can't wait to come here for the next party I have!
4	This Party City is amazing! It is huge and has anything one would need when throwing basically any type of party! They have a huge bulk candy and toy section that is reasonably priced.The staff were friendly and even gave our son a balloon for free because they did not carry an Avengers balloon.We had a great a experience at this store and did not mind the travel because of the great selection.
4	10 times better than Spirit Stores for costumes and cleanliness.
3	This place is pretty good. What I like about it is that each aisle has a different party theme. It makes choosing things very easy. They have cute things for birthday parties, weddings, baby showers etc.They also have a big selection of balloons and will fill them for 75 cents each. The tanks seem expensive to rent. I calculated the cost for a small one, and it was only saving like 4 cents a balloon and would only fill up 40 balloons. If I have to lug a big tank back and forth, plus get ribbon, I want more of a savings. The decorations were very cute. I looked on amazon though, and found everything for cheaper except a few items. All in all it is good if you need the stuff right away and do not want to order online, and want to support stores in your community.
