1	Nothing wurst than a bad weenie. No bun intendend. But every so often I get a hankering for a hot dog. A Chicago hot dog at that. In the windy city at Milwaukee and Devon sits SuperDawg and it is a site to behold. But I ain't in the Windy City. I'm in the Hot Blistering Sweltering City. And I didn't know where to go. And then I drove down Thomas and saw the Vienna Beef sign! That was it. That's what I needed. The universe had answered my calling. You ever enter a restaurant and immediately have the instinct that you should turn your ass around and leave quickly. Yea. Well I didn't listent to my gut. Cuz it was rumbling with hunger and I could smell the hot dogs steaming. The place wasn't clean. Ok, it was dirty. Stained floors, rec room style paneling with splintering chunks of wood and vinyl chairs with duct tape. Hmmm...still not enough for me. So I get home with my Chicago style dog, with pepperoncini, neon relish, celery salt, tomatoes in a soft poppy seed bun with krinkle fries. Ate it in 90 seconds. Spent the next 40 minutes in my bathroom. You get the picture. Thank God for that Reader's Digest I found under the sink cuz I would have been real bored.
3	Haha...I think a)Thomas S. went on a bad day, or b) the cute little Asian couple that owned it when I used to patronize the place over 2 years ago, have sold.While naming a hot dog "Chicago-style" or whatever never really seems to me to change the fact that...well, it's still just a hot dog under all them fancy condo-ments, I've never been disappointed. Granted, never been overly impressed either.But I think I felt a familial love because whenever I'd pull into the itty bitty parking lot at the front of the store and walk in, the little guy would be like, "Ehhhhhhh, it's the PLINCESS". (He meant 'Princess' cause I had a window sticker sprawled across the windshield of my Black Jeep that read "Ebony Princess". I think he thought my sticker referred to Yours Truly. And in a way, he'd be right)But Whoa, I digress. Ugly 70's basement decor aside, they're definitely not the worst hot dog place in the valley! And luckily I've never had Thomas' experience.
4	Being a huge fan of Chicago, and the cuisine it creates, I'm always on the prowl for a good Chicago style pizza or hot dog. I stumbled into Johnny's one day on accident after being disgusted by Z Pizza and I'm glad I did. They do the single best reproduction of the true Chicago hot dog I've had in Phoenix. Perfect bun, dog, relish, onions, sport peppers, celery salt, tomato, and pickles. There is no ketchup to be seen, which scored some big points in my book, until I looked around the corner and saw it was served but with french fries... I guess I can let it slide. Johnny is a nice guy and serves great dogs. Can't beleive nobody has reviewed this place yet...
4	I hadn't been to Johnnie's in about 6-years, but after my kids finished their swim lessons today I wanted to take them somewhere for lunch other than Mickey D's. As we hopped into the car, I remembered that Johnnie's was close and knowing that the kids would go for hot dogs we headed over.Unfortunately, my 2-year-old fell asleep right as we got there, so I carried him in with me - ordered myself a jumbo red hot and a basic dog with ketchup for my 5-year-old. Back when I worked on Central Avenue, it always used to amuse me how this little hole-in-the-wall gets such a professional crowd, and apparently it still does because we were the only non-business types there for lunch.My son enjoyed his hot dog and fries and I enjoyed mine as well - even while holding a sleeping 2-year-old in my arms.The place gets 4-stars because not only is the food great, because even though they don't have servers, the female owner (of the cute Asian couple referenced in Tammi's review) saw that my hands were full with two children and not only brought the food to our table but also brought us a glass of water after my 5-year-old changed his mind about not getting a drink.
4	Tried Johnnie's for the first time this past Saturday. They have a good selection of hot dogs with a variety of toppings and Italian beef sandwiches.I ordered the garbage dog. Sounds disgusting, right? Wrong, it was great! The owner says "do you know what comes on that dog?"I said "yeah, all this great stuff!" He said "no, it's yesterdays garbage." and then he laughed. The garbage dog comes with chili, cheese, kraut and cole slaw. For a side I got the fries. They were pretty good, but a tad burnt, but I didn't mind they were still good. You can tell they are homemade, no frozen fries here.My husband ordered the Italian Beef sandwich and he said that was really good.The owner, is a really great and friendly guy. The only thing I was disappointed in was they have no fresh brewed tea. It's Lipton from the fountain, which I'm not crazy about, but I'll drink it if I'm thristy.
3	From my other reviews, you'll see that Chicago food has a special place in my heart.  It is the food that I grew up on.  Instead of Gerber's I had Harold's Chicken.  Nuff' said.So here's a joint that puts 'Chicago' in their name, and they expect me to come to them with wide eyes and an anxious stomach.  Well, I'll admit that I did get wide eyed when I saw them pop up on Mapquest as I searched for nearby restaurants.  And my stomach did indeed get vocal after reading about them here on Yelp.So I went for lunch.I pull into a spot and step into the joint.  Its exactly that - a joint.  Nondescript decor with a flat screen in the corner.  Everyone has a flat screen except me.  Is the place dirty?  Let me ask you this...do you plan on eating off of the floor?  No?  Well don't worry about it.Sure the bottom of your shoes will have some new dirt on them, but so what.  The kitchen is wide open and you can see everything that goes on, which is nice.  There's a few tables sitting around for those of you who don't like eating at the office.  And yes, you can eat here without being worried about bugs sharing your table.I couldn't care less about what the place looks like.  It could be a little rectangle with a grill in one corner, a cash register in another, myself in the third, and a fold up chair in the last one.  All that matters to me are two things when I'm stepping into a genuine joint: the food and the price.The Food:  Ok, I tried the Italian Beef.  Now, I know you don't go to a place called Chicago Red Hots to order Italian Beef your first time in.  But I recently saw an episode of Man Vs. Food where Adam was eating Italian Beef...I've been craving it since.  Plus I haven't had one in about 15 years.I noticed that the price was about $5 for it.  I was broke, but I was in lust.  So I got it.  The service was noteworthy.  I was greeted with smiles and hellos.  That gets an automatic star from me.  I suppose these are the owners everyone speaks of.  Their daughter was there with a friend, and it was kinda touching at how her mother was making a big fuss over them having enough to eat.  Anyway, I get the sandwich in a nice amount of time.  Back at my desk, I sat down and opened up the bag.  While doing so, images floated around my mind of that roll bread all soaked in gravy and me with juice running down my fingers as I munched.  However when I reached in and pulled the sandwich out, something very wrong happened.  I pulled out the tiniest Italian Beef I've ever seen in my life.  I though maybe I got the wrong order, but there was no one else there but me ordering so that couldn't be it.I unwrapped it and sure enough, it was a mini-Italian Beef.  At least it was cute.  No gravy.  It wasn't dipped.  Just meat, peppers, onions, and bread.  No juice.  Strike one.I picked the little thing up, bit into it.  Again, no juice.  But the taste?  I am sad to say that it was only passable.  It wasn't like "Oh my God, an Italian Beef!"  It was more like, "This ain't right."Don't get me wrong, it wasn't nasty.  Just not really good.  Disappointing.Plus it was way too little for the price.Now before I judge this place and condemn it to greasy spoon hell, I'll go back and try some dogs.  If those pass, then I will revise this review and give them a passing grade.  After all, it is all about the dogs anyway.I just figured that if they can do the 'other' stuff right, then they've probably got the dogs down.  Now I am afraid of what I'll find when I order a Chicago Style.  If I see ketchup, all is lost.Bottom line?  Its a joint.  The service is great.  The menu is non-complicated and has dogs, fries and sandwiches (what else do you need?)  Its pricier than it should be, but the convenience to the area is a plus.  My meal was not that good.  But I am picky.  Waaaay too picky when it comes to a 'Chicago Style' place.  This is not my final verdict, as I have not tried their bread and butter - the dogs.  Until further notice, I can only give Johnnie 2 stars...Ok...tried this place again today (3/6/09)I got a red hot this time.  Decent.  Not the best outside of Chicago, but a valiant effort.  There was nothing on there that shouldn't have been, and there was nothing missing either.Taste?  On point.  No gripes, but remember I said that it wasn't the best I've had outside of Chi-Town.  Maybe this is as good as it gets in Phoenix???Again, the service was great.  A hello, a smile, and he reminded me to get napkins.  What more do you want?The price still isn't my idea of great...but on par with the rest of the stuff around here.So now, I must try the Polish Sausage.  That will be Johnnie's ultimate test.  If its grilled right, if the onions are carmelizededdy right...then Johnnie might get another star.
4	Johnnie's Garbage dog is the work of the God's. You can't go wrong with any of the dog's here so when you can't make up your mind and everything looks so good - why not just have it all! Seriously try this one. Be forewarned it can be messy, so get a good grip because once you pick it up you won't be able to put it down.
4	"Oh Johnnie's you're so fine, you're so fine you blow my ....weenie?" OK so it doesn't rhyme, but Mr. Chang, owner of Johnnie's is a force to be reckoned with. He smiles. He greets. Takes your order. Makes the food. And is obviously passionate about what he does. He even has homemade chocolate cake for less than $2 a slice! But it's about the Chicago dog for me. Neon green relish. Pickle. Tomato. Celery salt. Mustard. Onions. On a steamed poppy seed bun...which I'm sure will cause me to test poz for opiates. For less than $4 you get your weenie and some delish fries! I'm so glad I went back and can't wait to have a Chicago dog made by an Asian man in the desert!
4	Just had a Chicago dog with the works and watched a baseball game for lunch.
2	It seems that Phoenix has a lot of restaurants that have "Chicago style" pizza or hotdogs and usually I am not too impressed.  That would be the case here as well.  I had the regular hot dog, fries (not a very generous amount) and a medium coke and it cost over $6.00.  The hot dog was alright -I think I have had better hot dogs at Wienerschnitzl though.  And it really wasn't the greatest value either. The two drug addicts, who had been in front of me in line, seemed to enjoy their food as everyone in the restaurant got to hear them making assorted noises as they ate.  And it was so pleasant to leave the restaurant to see a homeless guy sitting by my car.  Needless to say, I am not going back.
3	Johnnie's deflowered me with their Chicago dog. I was a virgin to Chicago style hot dogs until Johnnie's. Z Pizza was getting boring and I was interested in trying something new. I was kind of skeptical  from the moment I walked into the store. It was dark and not crowded considering how it was lunch time. Then I was greeted by a Korean dude and thought, "Oh boy, Korean hot dogs... this should be interesting." But he was actually really nice. I wasn't exactly how to order so I just asked him to give me one with everything.After he was done, I unwrapped my dog to find a shit-ton of toppings. Onions, tomatoes, pickles, peppers, mustard... all on a poppy seed bun. I heard it was sacrilegious to put ketchup on a Chicago dog so I didn't but it certainly didn't need it. The hot dog was awesome and I finished it fast, so fast that I don't think I gave my stomach enough time to figure out that I'm full. Hence, the reason why I have an eating disorder.I ordered another one and this one took a bit longer to finish but I don't like leaving things unfinished, especially food, so down it goes, into my belly. It wasn't until years later that I finally made it to Chicago and had lots of Chicago dogs there. Now THAT was the real deal.
4	Nothing gets better then walking into a place called Johnie's Chicago Red Hots and finding little chinese people working, maybe even the owners. I work right around the corner from Johnnies and eat here occasionally. Their "Chicago" style dogs are about as good as your going to get in the desert. And the price would compete with the best dog carts in Chicago.   Whether you like cheese, chili, peppers, relish, sauerkraut,  or anyother topping, Johnnies has it. You know a place it good when, during the rush of lunch, the line goes out the front door. If you face yourself with that line and deliberating whether to wait it out or run, I urge you to wait. You wont regret it.
4	Johnnie's is fine by me.  I woke up at my friend's apartment and everyone was still asleep.  I was dying of hunger and couldn't wait till everyone woke up.  I stepped out into the quad area and the gate was locked so I had to hop the wall.  Considering how hungover I was, I was proud of myself that I did it with such ease.  I thought I was gonna struggle with it for a bit.Johnnie's was the closest place I found to eat at.  I was walking for a long time.  I must have just been walking down the wrong damn street because I felt like I was in the goddamned apocalypse.  No one was around and my stomach was punishing me.When I finally arrived I order mah dog and some lemonade and soaked it all up.  The hotdog came with fries, which I was not aware of until I got everything together.  I was perfectly full.  Not too full where I felt like an elephant was sitting on my chest and I was good to go for a long time afterward.The price was okay.  The hotdog that I ate was really tasty.  I kind of wish this place was closer to where I live and work because if it did I'd go there for lunch every couple of weeks or something just to hit up the different varieties of hotdogs that they have including various chili dogs and chili dogs with sauerkraut.  That sounds pretty amazing.Everyone who came in after me proudly declared that they were a regular.  I was kind of in awe of the established fanbase.I'm a hotdogger.  I am.  If I'm in the neighborhood again, I will eat at Johnnie's.
4	Quick and tasty "Chicago-style" dogs from one of the friendliest people I have met. If you're feeling brave or hard-core, try the garbage dog!
5	Chicago style hot dogs which are really tasty, my personal favorite is the jumbo chili cheese.  I've never been to chicago so I can't compare them to the "real deal" but these just taste great, and have a perfect amount of toppings.  The service here is really good too and quite friendly.*does not serve coke products
4	Been here a few times.  Typical fare you would find at a place displaying the Vienna Beef sign.I've had the red hot, and the polish.  Had the fries and asst. soft drink.Apparently, this place and the folks that run have been here 20+ years - and nothing has changed.The HOT-DOGs are good!
5	Everytime I pick up a New Times best of issue I quickly check to see if Johnnie's has won because it completely deserves it and I am always afraid it might go away. I began my love for Chicago Style hotdogs when I moved to AZ in 2004 from Texas. After my first hotdog, I frantically searched for any sign with Vienna beef....and then I met Johnnie's and I was a goner. The fries are perfect (I get them with chili and cheese) and the hotdog...yuuuummm. While in college I would go in at least once a week. I would try to spread it out because I was a little ashamed that they knew my order before I said anything. Now that I am out of college, have a desk job, and my metabolism isn't that of a 24 year old anymore, I have to limit my visits and pray my business didn't keep them in business...as my husband rolls his eyes when I tell him that that is my biggest fear...
5	The Chicago hot dog at Johnnie's is simply the best Chicago hot dog I've ever had. Even compared to the ones I've had in Chicago. I generally order two hot dogs, a side of fries, and a soda, and I get out of there well-fed for under $10.
5	I love Johnnie's!! My husband, kids, & I have been coming here for 4 years now & never had nothing but great hot.dogs & excellent homemade fries. Try it yourself, you won't be sorry!
5	Johnnie's joint speaks for itself, it's been in this town for longer than many of us have been around, he runs the place himself and has been critiqued more than most others in this town over the years.He has a simple, yet good and tasty product, and Johnnie is a true great himself. His heart of gold is apparent as soon as you hear him talk. He is an honest and fair business man, and would do more than most to make his customers happy.His place has that old school look, and makes you feel like you are sitting in Phoenix during an earlier generation. As I said, simplicity is very apparent, but the nostalgic atmosphere and Johnnie in there chatting with the crowd makes it a very happy and quick lunchtime experience.The Chicago Style Dogs are done as they should be, and the Chili Cheese Fries aren't too bad either.There isn't a whole lot to comment on for this place, except that a good guy like this who takes so much pride in his business, deserves a great review for that alone. When someone puts love into their business, it comes out in their product, end of story.If you want a good, yet simple Chicago Style Hotdog, give Johnnie a shot, you will love chatting with him if nothing else. Cheers! :)
3	Stopped by for a quick dog at lunch.  The service was fast and friendly, the hot dog was pretty authentic for a Chicago style, I especially liked the Slaw Dog.  Heartbreak however over the french fries, I hoped for good things with the house made fries, what we got was soggy fried that were wrapped the instant them came out of the cooker for the 5 minute drive back to work.  Might stop by for a dog in the future, will probably pass on the fries but my guess is I will scope out some of the other dog spots first.
4	A small mom&pop hot dog joint with a variety of dog styles and Italian beef sandwiches.  I got the garbage dog, consisting of cheese, chili, sauerkraut, & cole slaw.  I don't know if the toppings are homemade, but they taste good.  I liked the french fries, they taste like "real" fries and not some bag of ore-ida potato paste.  The prices were low, I feel like I got a good deal.  The owners were absolutely wonderful.  If it weren't for the billion degree heat, Johnnie's could totally have been a dog joint in Chicago.
3	I had a chili and cheese dog. It was ok but I expected better. They put beans in their hot dog chili which was part of the reason I wasn't blown-away I'm sure. And it seemed a little pricey. I would be willing, however, to come back and give other dogs a try. Fries were homemade and good.
1	The place is filthy looking, the Chicago dog was Ok and the fries are absolutely disgusting.
5	Affordable and delicious!
5	Best THEE best hot dog ever!!
3	I give Johnnie's Chicago Red Hots three stars for what it is and where it is.  It is a hot dog stand in Phoenix trying to make a Chicago style hot dog, polish or italian beef.Did they acocmplish their mission - yes.  Would they get three stars if they were back in Chicago, no - I have had better, much better.But, as a place where I can get my chicago hot dor, polish or Italian beef sandwhich they hit the spot. From the exterior signage to the interior posters of the Bears and Cubs the place could be right off any corner in chicago.The hotdog was spot on chicago syle.  The fries were fresh cut and reminded me of Gene and Jude's fries.The Italian beef was a bit of a disappointment.  The flavor was nearly dead on (though a bit salty).  The roll was good.  The hot Giardinara was a nice touch.  But the amount of meat was miserable.  It was so little meat that the sandwich easily closed (not to happen at a Buona Beef or Portillos back home).The couple that runs the place were very friendly and attentive.
5	I've been a loyal fan of Johnnies since before I was born. The quality is consistent and always good. "Johnnie" (as it seems most people call him) is courteous and professional, and is always fun to talk with. His product is delivered quick and delicious, and is one of a kind in the midtown area. He's been in the business for 27 years and is finally closing up in March of '14-get there quick if you want to have the chance to try a great dog.
4	Delicious Chicago Vienna Beef juicy hot dog with the works, and made from scratch french fries for $4. Best deal in town. Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain
5	A great Chicago Vienna Beef, wonderful owners, and been around for almost 15 years. It is a sad day that they close their doors starting March '14. His hot dogs were also out quick, the fries perfectly done, and good conversation to be had. You'd be hard pressed to find an authentic Chicago dog in Phoenix this tasty. Poppy seed buns, great pickles, the works. The place was always packed during lunch, frequented by people from the hospital across the street and business folks. Decently priced and great to pop in and have satisfy your craving. Mr. Chang knew almost every customer that came in the door, their story, and their order. His wife is also a sweetheart. I will miss this place.
5	Sad day. I came in today only to find they closed forever. I've been coming here since 1984. They were so nice.
