4	The salon is clean and the staff is friendly. They are pretty good at pedicures and manicures. I like them. They are a nice, friendly neighborhood nail salon.
3	I like this place because it's such a short distance from where I work. They can typically fit you in as a walk-in (Friday lunchtime is a hit and miss) but in general, the place is clean, the people are friendly, and they do a good job.I've never had a bad experience there, and I've never had an exceptional experience there, so I'd say if you're in the neighborhood, give them your business, but don't go out of your way to frequent there if you have some place closer.
1	Went here for a manicure after previously having a shellac manicure elsewhere.  Instead of soaking my nails in remover for 5-10 minutes to take off the old polish, the nail technician pried/chiseled the old polish off with a fake nail.  It hurt and left my nails brittle until they grew out (over a month).  There are plenty of great nail salons in the area that provide top notch service at an affordable price - don't waste your time here.
2	I went here with 2 girlfriends after looking on their website, where it clearly stated that they take competitors coupons (website has since been updated).  After giving them the coupons from a place across the street, they told us they don't take competitors coupons.  We argued for a few minutes, I pulled up their website from my iPhone and showed it to t hem.  They told us that it was for a different location, when right underneath it, it showed their address and phone number.  The girl snagged my phone from me to show to 4 other people in the store, and then finally gave us the discount.  After hearing them talk about us for 5 minutes in another language (we knew they were talking about us because the only English words they threw out were coupon and website) we got up and left.I would rate the pedi I received a 3, but the service a 1.
3	So my friend and I came here to try out a different salon from the one we generally go to located across the street. I kinda felt claustrophobic when I walked in. The place is very narrow and not that big. The salon is well lit and there is a center aisle that takes you from the front all the way to the back of the salon where there is a bathroom and private waxing room. They have ten angled pedicure chairs that are spread out making it not so convenient to talk to your friend. They chairs are angled so you can see a TV (that wasn't even on when we were there) and there are plenty of magazines to choose from at each chair. There are eight nail stations. There are not a lot of colors to choose from and I didn't see any Shellac, OPI, or any other gel nail polish brand that is really in right now. Staff was friendly, but of course still talked to each other in their language leaving you insecure and wondering if they are talking about you (because remember you can't really talk to your friend). The place seemed clean, but you really never know with these salons. They don't use liners in their pedicure chairs and the water was obviously dyed blue. On the plus, Tom did my pedicure and is amazing at massages and meticulous at color! Five stars for him!
4	I like this place! Its not crazy expensive like some places in paradise valley. It was clean and the nail technician was very friendly! I would come back again. But i only gave it four stars because its just average not amazing but a good place to go for a pedi!
2	Since I've been running the past few years, I usually do pedicures at home. Running gives you ugly feet so it's kind of embarrassing, but something told me to get over it and go. I stopped in here very impromptu on my way home. It seemed to look like any other nail salon: bland, fake plants, stacks of old magazines, but the pedicure stations looked pretty clean so I sat down.For some reason I felt the need to apologized for my ugly nails telling her that running has ruined them. She said dancers have the same problem.  At least I'm not a total mutant.She did a nice job with the polish, although the rest of the pedicure was kind of lacking. For the massage part it was more like just putting lotion on than an actual massage. $24 for basic pedicure.
3	Mani/Pedi for $35. Definitely not the best nail place I've ever been, but not the worst. The entire process took 40 minutes which is usually how long my pedicures are. I got the same color on my fingers/toes but they don't look the same. I left with a few bubbles on my fingers. Overall, very nice salon, your experience may just depend on your tech.
4	I've been going to Ashley nails for 7 years and they have always been wonderful. People see my nails and always ask where I go. I highly recommend. They just got all new comfortable pedicure chairs.  They are awesome .
1	Rude shop. They speak in Vietnamese the ENTIRE time you're there. She spoke 4 English words total. If you're providing services to English speaking people- SPEAK ENGLISH in their presence!!!!
3	I've been here several times, and I keep coming back because they are consistently great about giving fantastic leg and foot massages. Recently, I was treated so rudely that I'll never go back. I arrived without an appointment. Maybe that was a mistake. Perhaps they don't like walk-ins, but I've never experienced that at a nail salon before; I just expected to wait. Anyhow, the technician acted very irritated with me. She scolded me for watching her work, asking/demanding "Why do you keep looking at what I'm doing?!"  Oops!  I didn't know that I'm supposed to shut up and keep my eyes on my magazine. I thought perhaps I was making her nervous, so I kindly told her that I wasn't judging her technique, I just like to watch what they're doing. I tried to give her some space (?) by playing on my phone instead of watching her work. A few minutes later, she said something, so I looked up from my phone and asked, "Hmm?"  But she snapped back, "I wasn't talking to you!"  Awkward!  All I got was a simple pedicure, and I didn't even get polish (I never do in the winter time), but I felt like I was such a thorn in her side. I couldn't understand what I did to irritate her so much, but I felt bad and tipped her well to try to make up for it. It's been over a month, and I'm still bothered by the experience. I certainly don't wish to be a customer in a place where I don't feel welcome. On the bright side, I guess I learned my lesson about making an appointment instead of entering as a walk-in customer.
5	Great place. I have been coming here forever. They give a really long massage for pedicures and always do a great job. Place is clean and always busy. Recommend making an appointment even though you don't have to. Good prices too.
2	I'll keep this short and straight to the point. I'm so dissapointed. I came in with a group of friends during the weekend. I asked for a basic mani-pedi. Payed 40$. The lady I had wasn't the most pleasent. While finishing my to coat she accidentally bumped a nail and instead of taking the polish off that finger and redoing it, she just put another topcoat over trying to cover it up. It was a glob of clear uneven nail polish on one finger... Clearly this isn't going to end well. I sat and let them all dry for over thirty min. As soon as I got in my car that nail was ruined, so I went back inside and had them fix it while they talked about me in Korean. All in all it was not worth it. My mani (even after they fixed the bad nail) only lasted one full day. My pedicure didn't even last a week. For a pedicure not to last at least a week is absurd in my opinion. I won't be back.
1	Went in for a pedicure while passing thru from Las Vegas to South Bend. Ask if they can clean up my cuticles on my hands. They cut until my hand bled. Will be reporting them to the BBB next.
