5	Great for meeting friends for a quick (sit down when you arrive) meal.  Good mexican with healthy choices.  Best chimichangas in town.  Plenty of mexican beer, tequila and mixed drinks. Wait staff has never disappointed us.  We visit once a week.
5	Really good food.  Really great service too.  I don't drink, but they have plenty of drinks too.  My boyfriend loves this place, and he is REALLY picky.   They just expanded their menu, so they have even more delicious food.  It's a little small, but it's worth the wait.
5	Wonderful Mexican!! More authentic than other places in the area I have tried.  I've eaten here twice, once for lunch, once for dinner, and neither time did I leave wanting to kill myself!!  (Which I think is very important when it comes to Mexican)  Like the name says, the Senor knows tequila, so def try a marg.  They have a bit of a rush at dinner, so go early or later.
4	The margaritas here a ton better than the ones that I drank at On The Border, I really prefer a spanish person to make my margarita rather than a gringo who looks like he has been working the bar for less than a week.  The shrimp fajitas here were great, the shrimp were huge.  It didn't taste too Americanized like a lot of the Mexican places in Charlotte.  I would like to come back, the only problem was that I prefer to have the tails pulled off my shrimp when I order fajitas.
5	This is my favorite mexican restaurant.  It is in a very small space so it gets hot inside the restaurant during the summer.  You may want to bring a towel to wipe the sweat off your face during dinner.  But, it is worth it.  The food is that good.
3	Went here for lunch recently in a group.  We paid separately and the server cut our change.  For instance mine was 11.61 and the server only gave me 8 dollars back.  He didn't even acknowledge it.  Its ok though, we took it out of his tip.  The food seems to be going downhill also.  Chile Relleno tasted like it was from the microwave.  It will be a while before I go back.
5	This is consistently one of my favorite Mexican places in Charlotte.  The quality of the food is excellent. I love many of their shrimp dishes and the ir Chicken with mole is the best I have had in the Charlotte area.  Burritos and enchiladas are awesome as well. We've had several birthday celebrations here and they have several yummy desserts as well!   Service is usually good, but they do get really busy at times.  I like the fact that the owners have incorporated other Latin American & South American cuisine into their menu so its not just the same old standard Mexican fare...
4	Awesome stuff!  Huge menu for such a tiny place.  Great margaritas, excellent, somewhat authentic food for a decent price.  Check the chalkboard for daily specials...they're usually real good.
2	my friend and i decided to go here since it was close to trader joe's and it had an outside patio area. they were doing some sort of road construction (with a crane, putting up store signs) right beside us throughout our entire meal which was really loud and annoying. this, of course, was not the restaurant's fault but it really affected the ambiance. also, it is right next door to a dog grooming business so there were people and their dogs coming in and out. we were the only people eating outside since it was pretty hot out (we wanted to smoke) and the fan they had on the patio made it feel pretty comfortable. the patio area is also covered which is nice but it is right in front of the parking lot so there is not a lot to look at. i had a quick look at the inside and it seemed small and dark but cozy. this place is not cheap. we joked that putting the word "cantina" in the restaurant's name allowed them to raise prices (as if it were somehow fancier than your run-of-the-mill mexican place). the chips were decent; the salsa was excellent. the taco salad had WAY to many beans in it and it was overpriced. my friend had the fajitas and it was a tremendous amount of food. there was not enough room for her to really prepare each fajita at the tiny outside table. my coronas were 4 bucks each and her margaritas (standard size) were each 8 bucks. the peach margarita was boring and had no real peach flavor. the coconut margarita was an interesting flavor but still not worth the price.the service was ok, nothing great.the lunch menu looked cheaper and i might try this place again. i will update the review if it is significantly better or worse.overall, charlotte has better options for mexican food that are cheaper and have better atmospheres.
4	Just ate at Senor Tequila for the first time in a while. They have added some good specials at lunch time so the prices are very affordable. My lunch dish was under $7 and the quality of the food was good. As always, service can be hit or miss here, but I stil like the food and will definitely go back.   Also, they have taken over some space from next door, so finally the restaurant will be a little roomier.
4	Love the new space since they expanded the resturant back in the summer! It is so nice not being squeezed into the tiny little space where you were sitting mere centimeters from the table next to you.We arrived at around 6:30 and were seated immediately (yay, no wait).  I noticed that they had added a couple of new items to the menu.  I was tempted to try something new, but ended up going with the mole which covered a ginormous chicken breast.  Their mole is very thick and rich - it was good, but not quite as delish as the last time I had it here.  David had a combo plate which came with a choice of tacos, enchiladas, rice, etc. He was pretty thrilled wih his chicken tacos. The service was good - our server was quick and efficient and made sure we had everything we needed. Our tab came to around $41 which included an order of cheese dip for our chips, 2 entrees, and a beer.  We did well though since we had bought one of those coupons where you pay $20 for $40 worth of food.
3	This little restaurant is a little bit out of the way for me but since we were meeting friends who live off Rea Rd. this was the perfect place to meet up. I have been here just one time before and both times the food and the drinks were excellent. Although Senor Tequila is located in a strip mall, they have recently expanded and the space inside is beautiful and spacious. Sitting outside on the tiny sidewalk still feels a little bit odd, however. Sometimes, I can be swayed to love a Mexican food place even if the food is a little bit lackluster, IF they serve amazing chips and salsa. Unfortunately, the chips at Senor Tequila are light, crispy, and freshly made but they are not salted. I hate that. Thankfully, my food has been so delicious both times that I have eaten there that I will overlook the chip issue.  My second favorite part about a Mexican restaurant is, of course, the margarita! Senor Tequila does not disappoint. They are a nice size and have great flavor. The four of us all had a drink and an entree and our total bill came to just under $90 - for the taste and quality of the food, I'm ok with that. If you find yourself near Piper Glen, head over to Senor Tequila!
3	Went here for lunch to try out their $5 lunch menu.  I ordered the tostada and was not disappointed with how the food tasted - it was not spectacular, but it was not bad either.  It was only one tostada, but I was surprisingly satisfied after the meal.  My wife ordered the burrito bowl, which had a good amount of food, but once again was nothing special.  For $5, it wasn't a bad deal.  We took a look at the regular menu, however, and were surprised at how much more it costed.  The only thing that gives this place 3 stars instead of 2 for me is that we only had to pay $5 for otherwise mediocre food.
4	Dinner for Lunch today:  Chips, Salsa, Sweet Plantains with Cheese (what Plantains with cheese, where have I been).  I have never left this continent, though I have had Plantains in Louisiana in a Haitian Dish and many South American Restaurants and a few Spanish Restaurants and I have never had Plantains with cheese.  Before I scraped the cheese off I snapped a photo and tasted one, ummmm, OK I'll leave the cheese on!Steak with Chimichurri Sauce and Garlic Sauce, Sausage, Potatoes, Peppers, Spinach and Rice.  I'm not a big fan of any of this food, though all of it was better than Three yelp stars and the service was perfect.  I would eat here again, ONLY because there are too many places I like better, I'll stick with the places I like more!
2	My family arrived at this strip mall tex-mex at about 7pm on a Friday night.  Seating was quick and the "joint was jumping"  Let me start by saying this is THE LOUDEST RESTAURANT I have ever been in.  After the expansion, I guess they like the acoustics, because there was not a shred of fabric anywhere to absorb the sound.Appetizers and drinks arrived right away and the simply apps were good (guacamole and cheese dip).  Our orders for entrees were taken at 7:15pm and that was where the wheels came off.Main course finally arrived at around 8pm and my order was flat-out wrong.  Maybe it isn't such a good idea to have two menu items that sound so much alike (Tacos al Carbon and Tacos al Camarone) in a noisy dining room.  Took an additional 10 minutes to get the right entree while everyone else ate.Food was generally tasty, but the fixings with the Fajitas and Tacos were lean (no cheese and only enough sour cream etc for 1 tortilla).  My son though the Burrito Fritto (Chimichanga) was amazing, though.We did not drink for a change, so that certainly may be "undiscovered country," but all in all it was a disappointing experience.  A place like this is not really intended for a 100-minute dining experience.
4	Had heard about this place for years.  I believe recently they expanded their restaurant into the shop beside them in the plaza.Have to say the food was excellent but the ambiance left a little to be desired.  Although I never visited before my understanding was it was very cozy.  The new space while probably welcomed by regulars needs some work.  The massively high strip mall tin ceiling was just a huge echo chamber which made everything loud.  Lighting was harsh too.  Not exactly sure why it felt that way, but very bright for a restaurant.The food was the star here.  Some of the freshest true Tex-Mex you could ever ask for so much better than the typical fast casual chain Tex-Mex.Fix the ambiance and I could see this easily moving up to a 5 star place.
5	I love it. Why have i never been here.. Waitstaff it attentive.. food was hot spicy and fabulous..
4	I have nothing but compliments about Senor Tequila. Delightful food, and with the remodel, there's a lot more seating indoor and at the bar. I loved the bartender, who seamlessly poured massive margaritas, cervesas and those old-guy-in-his-50s mixed drinks.In terms of vegetarian entrees, I yield to the "Chiles en Nogada,"  which is essentially the lunch special chile relleno masquerading ever-so-successfully as a dinner portion. Every bite is amazing and it's a disappointment to finish!My husband went with the "Ropa Vieja." A Cuban dish to die for. (Or don't, since you'll definitely want to go to Senor Tequila as soon as you can!)Weekend dinnertime can be crowded, and for good reason. Take my advice: go during off-hours and enjoy a margarita the size of Rhode Island and indulge in the most delicious chiles rellenos known to mankind.Please, don't thank me. Just enjoy a true South Charlotte gem.
5	Great atmosphere.... very modern food and not to mention delicious.Try the Cafe con Leche.. that is our favorite... but everything else is very well served.
2	Far overpriced for the quality of food you receive. Many other great options just a few miles away.That being said, it is more "authentic" than some Mexican restaurants, and the margaritas weren't half bad.
2	My prior homestead of 11 years was located directly behind Senor Tequila, which has been in this small shopping center off of Rea Rd long before Trader Joe's and the yoga pants crowd took it over, and I used to eat there semi-regularly, always enjoying all that they had to offer.  I had not been for several years and decided to stop here for dinner on the way home tonight.  I was thoroughly unimpressed, which made me a little sad.Coming right after work, I got there around 5:30 ish on a Monday night.  There was a gentleman sitting at the bar and 2 other tables were seated.  I was instantly greeted by a young man who promptly seated me, he turned out to be my server and was very nice, attentive without hovering, but I expected that since the place was basically empty.  I had not eaten here since before they expanded - the seating area is clean and well decorated, and the tables are nicely spaced instead of being slammed on top of each other.  The food was by no means bad at all - the flavors were fresh, well presented - there was nothing offensive about anything, it just wasn't anything special.  The food:Tortilla chips - may have been fresh but I didn't think they were particularly tasty.Salsa - tomatoes, onions and cilantro.  Tasted fresh, which was nice, but nothing special.  No real oomph. Queso - for almost $6, I was expecting cheese dip so good that my toes curled.  Oddly served in a metal lidded bowl, it was fine.  Nothing particularly wrong with it, just fine.  Shredded beef chimichangas w/ rice and beans $13:  The rice was a little hard and tasteless.  The beans were very smooth and served in a small fried tortilla cup - I did not care for these at all.  I was served two thin chimichangas cut on the diagonal for 4 pieces, with a small amount of queso and a small amount of tomatoes and onions sprinkled on the top.  Again, they tasted fine, but nothing special.  Everything was a resounding meh.  I have always enjoyed Senor Tequila and maybe I just ordered the wrong thing tonight.  For the cheese dip, chimichangas and a soft drink, my total was $23, not including the tip.  I won't be rushing back, preferring to go to Azteca... or even *wince* On the Border (eek!).
3	Had dinner last night. We each had the chicken fajita a decent sized portion, unable to finish. Pleasant tasting; nothing remarkable, but certainly ok.
1	First impression was a table that was sticky and a filthy pair of children's menus. It was downhill from there. Our waiter's visits were few and far between, sodas had far too little syrup, and my enchiladas were cool to cold on the ends and warm in the middle. But that's not the most egregious offense. To cap everything off, after almost finishing the meal, my son noticed an ant crawling across his plate. When asking for the check, I mentioned this to the waiter, who's response was something to the effect that, "...these things happen." A brief apology, too much paid for dinner, and we were out the door...never to return.
3	We came for lunch on a Saturday. Menu is limited but a few lunch items. Chips and salsa were good. I had 2 tacos with chicken an soft corn tortillas. The chicken was good.The rice was dry and crunchy and the beans were okay. Kids got a cheeseburger and chicken tenders, not the average choice at Mexican and they did not like. Overall, for the price, it was just okay and we will keep searching for 'the' Mexican spot.
3	We sat outside and enjoyed a nice dinner. The margaritas were just ok, I was hoping for a little more kick. The chips were fresh, but the salsa was a little runny for my liking. My Mom and friend enjoyed their burrito and tacos, but I thought the fajita was a little plain. A lot of chicken, but only onions, maybe one pepper and one tomato. A little disappointing.
4	This is a really good restaurant. We walked in and were the only people in the whole place so we were a little worried but decided to try it anyway. The cheese dip app was really good and served in a warmer dish so it stayed hot and yummy. I had the chimichangas and my husband had an assorted enchilada dish. The food presentation was very pretty and my chimichangas were awesome. A few more people came in while we were there. Not sure why the place was so empty, we will be back soon!
