4	I've had many pies around the world and the one I had here exceeded my expectations. It was a little different to what I expected, it came with the pastry separate to the steak filling as a light, delicious, flaky pile of heaven. The steak was cooked perfectly in a juicy ale sauce and my boyfriend had major food envy. The coffee was just average I would go to Artisan Roast in New Town for that but we'll be back for another pie.
3	Surrounded by hideous tourist trap syndicated pubs on a main drag shopping alley, it'd be easy to expect precious little from Rosehip, but it dished up what proved to be one of THE best example of a Steak and Ale pie in this town. Cheap AND amazing, we're talking the most luscious beef and beer stew on a bed of perfectly chunky/creamy mash topped with a pillow of puff pastry.Forget the awful, reheated, hideous pub rubbish of 'traditional' fake pubs, give Rosehip a burl at lunchtime and you might just have an epiphany.
4	From whisky to foodFresh, local, made to orderSimple British flair
2	I expected more of the Rosehip.. Hence only 2 stars.It was a cold Thursday night, I had a long day behind me and what I was looking for now was a nice dinner out. My husband and I had bought a itison voucher for a steak meal at Rosehip some time ago and decided to make use of it finally.After arriving at the restaurant, we got a table in the upstairs area. Ordered 2 glasses of wine and they bought over a bottle.. No big deal, it was rectified swiftly.My husband ordered a brie starter: 3 smallish triangles of fried brie which came with sweet chili sauce and salad. It was delicious, and just the right amount for a starter.A while later, our main courses arrived. The deal was for a 8oz sirloin steak served with grilled tomato, onion rings, hand cut chips and garlic butter. Instead of chips we got potato wedges - again not a big issue but I'm more a chips/fries kind of girl. Especially if they are 'shoestring fries' :)The onion rings were lovely, and I ate them quickly before they went cold.The steak itself was quite nicely cooked, but it had quite a few fatty bits which I had to discard. It didn't have as much flavour, but the accompanying peppercorn sauce was nice - it wasn't too strong or peppery.There was no garlic butter, but to be honest I didn't need it anyway. It was time to pay.. They brought over the bill and we noticed that they had charged for a full bottle of wine instead of 2 glasses. They apologised and brought over the right amount of change.The waiting staff were all very friendly and that was the positive thing about Rosehip. Food wasn't quite up to my liking but perhaps I've been spoiled by Kyloe when it comes to steaks.
2	This visit was because we had a Voucher for 2 people for a 8oz sirloin steak, fries and vegetables and peppercorn sauce.The Rosehip is a bright place with a clean minimalistic rustic farmer's home feel to it. Mismatched chairs, around mismatched bare wooden tables. Spartan table settings, on the tables you have no cloth.  On entering we noticed that we brought in a lot of cold air and guests at a table near the entrance asked to be moved to a warmer spot, which was promptly done. On returning from that just moved table guests - the waitress offered us that exact table. We declined politely. So we were seated on the upper levelWe ordered 2 large glasses of red wine and a breaded brie starter to share. We ordered our steaks Medium-Rare.The wine came and it was an bottle, we explained the actual order and that was corrected. The brie was very tasty and big enough to share, very nice dressing on the side salad too. The steak were server with skinned potato wedges (not fries) and noticeably varied in temperature. The Sirloin steak was a flat char-coaled griddle with grizzle bits. It was done medium (but with the lack of thickness it was not surprising) - I was disappointed with the taste - even though the sauce was tasty the steak itself wasn't what I am used to these days.. - thanks to  "Kyloe" &  "STEAK." my standards have creeped up..- But even without those amended standards I would have found to be of low quality. The onion rings were very good, but the mushroom and tomato-half was meh..In all it was a pub meal, and if served in a pub I would have found it fitting and may have given it an extra star. The men's toilets were 3 flights down right beside the kitchen. They were clean but oddly located, as on entering I was able to look into the kitchen.The bill stated a full bottle of wine - which again we had to ask to be amended. I have had better experiences, not a place I go back to in a hurry.
3	Yes, the old site of Seadogs, with two dogs still standing watch near the stairs.. how I miss your mushy peas goodness... anyhow..Rosehip - Good, honest food. Had an itison voucher for a couple of steaks and they came out perfectly cooked (one rare, one medium rare). The menu seemed more pub grub than anything else however no complains whatsoever. Nice to note the wedges were actually hand made rather than some -Service was attentive yet not imposing.
3	Visited the Rosehip on Sunday night for dinner. The place seemed relatively quiet when we arrived, we were sat by the window (to encourage passers by to enter).  Thankfully the heating was on full blast so this area was very cosy, however as the evening progressed it got busier and the new people were sat at the tables near us.  This would normally be fine, but we felt the tables were pretty close together, now in a confined space and it felt like everyone could listen in to each others conversation.  Became a little to cosy for my liking, especially since there was a large restaurant up the stairs at the back only half full. We ordered burgers.  They arrived with nice big homemade wedges, coleslaw and the chicken burgers were big and all very filling.  All yummy but the white burger buns were a bit cheap tasting.  A seeded roll or more sturdy roll would have been better, the burger fell away from the hands and it was a bit messy.  Personally prefer the Sea Dogs restaurant, who used to be sited here - gutted it closed!  Rosehip is trying and to gastro pub and restaurant dining, but I think they should stick to one or the other.
1	At first glance, the place looked nice enough and the service started off well... However, everyone else who came in after us was served and for some untold reason we were not.  A family of four, quiet and with two teenage daughters deserved better treatment.  We paid for our two appetizers and drinks and left since our meal order was taking over 60 mins to prepare!
5	Great lunch. I had the Cullen skink and ham sandwich. Both were excellent. I would highly recommend this for lunch.
3	We were seated quickly in the upstairs area. The staff were friendly and gave us a table despite not having booked. The waiter then disappeared and forgot to take our order until we had to catch another waitress to take our drinks and food order. About 10 minutes later only half our drink order arrived and still no food.We had to catch the waitress again to find the missing drinks and still no sign of food, so we just settled the bill and left. The service was slow and the staff seemed to forget quickly which tables they were serving. That being said the cocktails we ordered were tasty and well made... When they eventually arrived! But we did leave hungry. 3/5
2	Went here on a Friday night and the place was pretty packed so I had fairly high hopes.  We ordered the following:pigeon breast (special of day) - the breast wasn't overly cooked but some how it was a bit dry. Overall it was ok.soup of the day w/ bread - my gripe is not with the soup itself which was also just average.  However, the soup is suppose to come with bread. Our server did not bring the bread (we thought she'd bring it) after a minute or two we realized it wasn't coming. We tried for another 2 minutes to wave down our server to enquire about the bread. Then another 5 minutes went by, no bread.... By the time our bread finally came we had finished our soup. She then asked, do you still want the bread? As if she was going to take it back.... This is pretty poor service IMOConan Dylon steak sandwich - pretty tasty with the caramelized onion. Steak was well cooked, but for some reason the sandwich wasn't hot which suggests items are sitting under a heat lamp.cheese cake - this is suppose to be a milk cheese cake but had a lot of chocolate or toffee cream. It wasn't badOverall, food was average. Service was a bit suspect (although they did always have a smile)
