1	*Open*Open*Open*Apparently, Lis Doon Varna was supposed to open in March.  It is now July.  There isn't any information provided on the building as far as an estimated opening date.  The website just has pictures of construction.  No information at all.Maybe I am overly anxious for a new non-chain restaurant, but I really do believe it has been years that this has been in progress...Will re-review once it opens...
3	Improving......Lis Doon Varna will have their grand opening September 18, 2008.  They are currently open with a limited menu.The building is lovely.  It is divided into different sections with some more private areas and boths and then open areas.  It definitely has a unique and welcoming atmosphere.  They are a Guiness Pub...which I hear is sort of a big deal.  People are excited about that (as a non-beer drinker I am out of the loop on that piece).The food was delicious.  I am anxious to see their full menu.  Their "chips" aren't french fries or traditional potato chips, but real potato chips...potatos sliced and cooked.The service was friendly but slow.  She was apologetic that she was in over her head.  I am guessing that's part of the reason why you open before your opening...to work out the kinks and get everyone trained.I'm looking forward to coming back after September 18th and reviewing again.
3	Some Irish co-workers wanted to hit this place up for happy hour last Friday so I was just pleased to go and see red heads. The wine list was sparse, but I did like the Pepperwood Grove CabSav. The menu was traditional, listing options like Bangers & Mash, Corned Beef, Shepard's Pie and Fish & Chips. I opted for the Boxtey since the menu had a limerick about dutiful wives related to it. The Boxtey was basically braised beef wrapped in a potato quesedilla. The beef was tender and tasty but the carrots and broccoli were bland. Dutiful wives are also braised beef with a touch of blandness so I guess they got that mix right. :-)The restaurant was open and airy, kind of like some red heads I've met in the past. The service was very weak though, given their grand opening is Sept 18th. It took me 15 minutes to get my first glass of wine.  On a positive note, I met an Irish lass there who was flirty. I told her that I have always wanted to kiss the Blarney Stone but had not yet made it to Ireland to do so. Yet, if I could kiss her, it would be like me kissing the stone since she was a native. Her reply was, "well, I haven't actually kissed it, but I have sat on it." We're in love and expecting mixed children.
4	This place has potential!Inside there are about 3 different bar areas and the main dining area is open and has access to 2 of the bars. Outside is ample patio space and two more bars. The food was decent. My husband and father had the fish and chips and my mother and I had the Sheppard's pie. We shared a Guinness brownie for dessert which was good because the brownie was not overly sweet.The thing that excites me most about this place is the large open dining area. It looks like a large drinking hall. Large tables in the middle, cozy wood booths on one wall, pub tables in another. With two separate bar areas in there it makes you feel that at any moment the whole place could erupt in song (at least this is what I am hoping will happen). The grand opening is not for a few weeks so the menu is limited right now, it will be interesting to see what becomes of this place after that.
4	Does the matchmaking get better or worse, the more Guinness you drink? Lis Doon Varna, named after the Irish town famous for its annual matchmaking festival, celebrates its long awaited Grand Opening tomorrow, THURDSAY, September 18thA funny thing happened on the way home from the beating the Arizona Cardinals gave the Miami Dolphins last Sunday. A new certified Guinness Irish Pub, called Lis Doon Varna, named after the town in Ireland with a popular matchmaking festival, finally opened. It took five years to build, from conception, Mike Garcia, the GM said. It was supposed to be open by the Super Bowl.The reason it took so long to build is the furniture is all from Ireland. There's great attention to detail in the construction. Down to the floor tiles and the window to the mock children's sleeping quarters, upstairs. They designed the exterior to look like a town, with the thatched roof and storefronts.They're proud to be serving their 20 oz Imperial Pints at the perfect temperature and the perfect specifications by Guinness. It takes 102 seconds to pour the perfect pint.It just so happens, I was with Steve, the ultimate Guinness critic. There isn't an Irish Pub that goes by without Steve's truck getting sucked into the parking lot. Most recently, the James Joyce in Santa Barbara and Rosie McCaffrey's in Phoenix to hear Chrystal Baker and The Waters, who we love. I can talk music. Steve can talk Guinness. You'll have to ask him about the Guinness at those places. I'm trying to get him to Yelp.I do know Sunday, Steve was a happy man. He said, sounding like a pretentious wine critic, "The Guinness is spectacular! Extra cold. Not one tint of bitterness. Smooth." Why wouldn't it be? Mike said they built the whole Pub around the tap system, which is made of solid brass, "the largest in the nation."They had a soft opening, which is why you've already seen reviews. We had wings. They were meaty and not over or undercooked. And tasty. The celery was crisp and cold. The ranch and wings sauce were both really good. They're paying attention to the food. We saw a huge thing called a boxty go by to another table. They raved about it and the macaroni and cheese. Turns out the boxty is "similar to a crepe or tortilla or potato pancake, cooked on a griddle, stuffed with fillngs and rolled." It looked big enough to feed a family of five.What I learned was that Lis Doon Varna is named after the town Lisdoonvarna that holds an annual matchmaking festival. Being a matchmaker, I had no idea Guinness was gonna bring me to anything related to my profession! They had a matchmakers' booth, where the elders in the town would sit with someone and make a match. I loved the interior. Take a walk around when you go. There's many rooms, lots of hard wood, the best booths I've seen, a stage with a 200 year old organ and of course, lots of Guinness and Irish Whiskey.Mike said their highest selling beer is Guinness. Unlike others who claim they are Irish Pubs whose best seller is Bud Light.The Grand Opening of Lis Doon Varna is tomorrow, THURSDAY, September 18th, 2008. If you LOVE a PERFECTLY POURED GUINESS, a decent selection of Irish Whiskey, live Irish music, huge proportions of tasty food in an ambiance reminiscent of old Ireland, then go join the fun. Just bring the number for a taxi.They have a schedule of events and information on the story of how Lis Doon Varna got its name on their Website. I just looked it up. They have toasting contests during the day and if you win, you get to say them later that evening up on the stage. So, you're telling me folks drinkin' Guinness are supposed to be able to speak coherently after hours of drinking, waiting for their turn at the mike? I thought Guinness was supposed to be a strong lubricant. It's THURSDAY. Are they tellin' us folks are taking the day off?I'm writing this from a convention in Austin, TX, when I should be down having my own toddy in the bar. I won't see you there, but I'll be thinkin of ya. I wonder. The more Guinness they pour, do the matches they make get better or just more plentiful?PS We did notice one negative. The server was super friendly, but they left the dirty plates and napkins in front of us on the table instead of picking them up when we were done. After wings, you can get one heck of a messy stack of napkins.
3	"Your Bollix will be out soon"Wow!  what kind of  drinks do you serve here? Sobriety to public nudity usually takes more than  a couple of ciders  so I have to ease your minds by  steering you to the starter menu over at Lis Doon Varna.It's a stroke of marketing genius to include a dish with such a delicious pun as "hot bollix"   for a bar that's back story relates to the matchmaking tradition and can be quite the icebreaker on a date.  Let's just say that the idea of hot sauce on my bollix is ONLY appealing in the appetizer sense.   a nice  soft center of potato, onion , bacon and  scallions  , battered into balls and fried. you get a pretty robust  buffalo sauce  to heat it up with.  Now that I've stopped talking bollix lets get onto the rest of the meal.About the only innovation I've seen in Irish pubs in the USA  occurs on the appetizer menu.Since no one seems to want to mess with the main courses too badly what follows shouldn't surprise anyone.Main.We had. The Beef and Guinness pie and the Bangers and mash. E.g  typical.  Firstly the pie.  Ahh separate  pastry , yes it's easier to cook that way but I really prefer it if the crust and meat enter the oven as one which gives a wonderful gravy soaked soft under layer to a contrasting flaky top. This was all flake. The filling was really good,  generous and quite rich.  Accompanying veg  of green beans  and carrot rounded it off nicelyNow to the bangers and mash.    Potatoes were  just too smooth to be "real" potatoes and came off as packaged which given that we  identified  the gravy mix supplier wasn't unexpected.  The sausages were fine but  this dish is phoning it in. Bread Pudding. Oh dear,  the base was a raspberry concoction that was out of place on this dessert. While whiskey  or rum sauce would have been nice  a  sickly raspberry ,a la pop tart, wasn't doing it for either of us. ( Kinda  like UK Virgin cola:) . The dish looks like it came of the bread pudding assembly line and is way  too neat for my liking. I prefer the more organic one over at Tim Finnegan's which degrades gloriously into a heavenly mess.All in all we'll be  back to check out the rest of the menu*edits to improve grammar / typos still a work in progress.
3	stopped  by here when they first opened a while back the inside for me was like what you would expect an actual "irish" pub in Ireland to look like, instead of being littered with harp and guiness posters, it's more reminiscient of 19th century wood craftsmanship. the furniture pieces are somewhat mismatched, but it works, even the bench seats are of different heights, there's also a number of "galic" slogans and phrases carved into wooden plaques that I wish I understood,I had the fish and chips, and this was probably some of the best fish and chips I've had in a while, the fish was very light and flaky and less like gortons than many other places would have you believe this dish should be served, my wife had the sheperds pie and it was quite tasty too.I also had a guiness, because in a place like this you feel like you might get odd stares if you're not swinging a big black beer, though that's not a bad thing. overall service was attentive.we stopped by tonight with some friends hoping to grab dinner, we were told it would be about a 5 min wait, FF 20 minutes and we're still not seated, one of our friends goes to the host stand to find out what's going on but the hostess has disappeared droves of people off the street (presumably from the Giants/Cardinals game) and after 5 minutes of waiting for the hostess to come back we walked out and ended up going elsewhere.regardless I would probably go back, just may be a while, seems like a fun place to have a guiness/harp/smithwicks, and I really liked the food.
2	Last week in an attempt to give Lis Doon Varna another try, I dragged my husband and my best friend in from out of town there. It was a Sunday evening, about 6 o'clock and while the parking lot looked full the actual restaurant had over half of their tables empty. That being said the hostess told us it would be a 10 minute wait. That would of been fine if it hadn't turned into a 25 minute wait and the same hostess kept disappearing. About 5-6 other tables came in after us and were all given the same quote on wait time. I completely understand on being short of servers or a back up in the kitchen, but management needed to step up and help out the in experienced host staff. A lot of people walked out that evening and I am sorry to say I was one of them.
2	I'm generally a big fan of the English/Irish Pub restaurant.  I love the shepards pie and the type of fare that can only be supplied by this type of restaurant.   However the last couple of time's that I have been there, there was just nothing to get excited about.  We recently went for a late lunch there and the food was really just adequate.  They didn't seem to have a lunch special menu like the sister store, Rula Bula does and the shepard's pie just wasn't top of the line.  I went there recently after dinner with a friend who hadn't had dinner.  He enjoyed his steak salad which he commented was the first thing he had enjoyed there in the last several times he had been.  He did have some sort of little bug in his cider tho.  I had a small salad and although it was good they put it on a tiny plate that basically let the greens just drop on to the table.   We were the only table in there on a monday night around 8:00.
4	I love the Irish.Good beer, good culture, and great food.Lis captures all of that, and at good prices, to boot.Their food is always consistent and delicious, I say eat the Bollix Balls and get some Fish&Shrimp&Chips. The staff is always friendly, I find myself at the bar with friends striking up long conversations with the bartender over a few pints of Guinness. And that's the best part. Nitro Tap Guinness, served properly.You just don't get that in this town.Other than a 10 dollar cover charge during St. Patty's day, I can't find anything wrong with this place.
3	My husband, a Glaswegian, and I decided to check this place out. It is a bit of a drive from our house in North Scottsdale,  but there is such a dearth of places to get a good pint and authentic British food that we made the drive. The restaurant is large and nicely done. It was a quiet Sunday when we went and we both thought that the size of the place and the lack of a crowd made it seem a little cavernous and lacking in energy. Seems better suited for a live music event or busy weekend crowd. The food was good although my husband's steak pie came to the table cold -- we noted that another Yelper commented on the same issue. Once would expect the management to correct something so simple. Another note: How can a pub be a pub without Curry and Chips on the menu!? The service was adequate, if somewhat authentically British.  The staff were pleasant but seemed to be hiding at times. We had to track our waitress down to pay the check. We are looking forward to giving this place another try on a more lively night.
2	I know, you're expecting a bloody fine review for a true "Irish" pub.  Sorry, Lis doon varna doesn't get it from me. !) too cutesy a name...2) a so-so Irish menu.  The fish and chips was pure USA.  3)The wait staff is poorly trained - and we've been there twice and experienced the same service both times. 4) That's not surprising, having met a very poor people-person posing as a manager.  In Ireland (been there 5 times for 13 weeks total) the better publican is usually a very good politician, greeter, kidder....the kind of person that makes you want to come back tomorrow.But Phoenix is not an Irish town, so I'll keep looking without expecting much.Oh, Kevin, you're so right.  Absolutely no soul!!!!
2	The tables are barely taller than the seats in the front bar seating area, and so this means the table height is barely at your leg level.  Now, look at your legs, add 2-3 inches of height, and imagine trying to eat off a plate that is essentially resting on your legs.  They made this retarded mistake when the place first opened over a year ago, and when I first visited here the bartender thought they were going to fix it.  Nope.  To make matters worse, the leather ones (such as the one in the corner with the square cubby hole) are puffy and slant forward, so you feel like you're sliding forward into the table that barely allows room for your legs.  These flaws are so obvious that there's no way in hell that a lot of people haven't complained about it, and apparently they've stubbornly choose to stick with the mistake, even after a year.  Irish pub owners stubborn?  No way.$5.50 for a pint of ale is on the high side, and food prices are within normal range.  I've had 3-4 different menu items, including several apps, and there's nothing terribly special here.  There is an Americanized feel to the entrees, and I was a little disappointed to see that the artichoke/spinach dip is served with 5 or 6 boxed crackers for dipping.Visual appeal of the place from the outside and inside is quite cute, and the Irish theme is more than obvious (except that there were fairly few snugs compared to most Irish pubs).Service was below average.  On multiple visits I get that "you're lucky we serve you here" feeling from the staff.  No, Lis Doon Varna, you're not that special.  Drop the attitude.With The Auld Dubliner opened up just down the 101 at Northern, there's little reason to go back to Lis Doon Varna.
2	We went for lunch.  We've been to Rula Bula in Tempe and Auld Dubliner in Peoria..both were much better than Lis Doon Varna. I ordered corned beef melt...very salty, on a chabatta roll no less..not very irish.Husband ordered bangers and mashed...he said the bangers tasted like a bratwurst not british bangers.The atmosphere was nice..may be a good drinking place..not happy with the food.
2	I am tired, really tired of spending and being disappointed. We came for dinner tonight. Mike, Mer~, Gus and I were the eaters of note. Mike had the lamb stew, it was over salted and peppered and he left half of his meal, he never leaves food on the plate. Mer~ had the Shepherds pie which was to have Angus beef carrots peas and parsnips with fresh herbs, Of course topped with the mashed potatoes. What she got was a whole lot of potatoes and a small side of peas with a speck of beef. Truly underwhelming with poorly portioned ingredients Gus did not enjoy his meal of Beef pie with puff pastry crust. Tough dry beef with no flavour other than salt, the pastry top was not fresh as it was difficult to cut let alone eat. I had the one good dish of the evening; the Pork shank. It was cooked well and tasted fine. The restaurant/bar is ok I guess. No real feel of Ireland; more like what an American might think of Ireland. It is just too contrived to feel authentic even if the pieces are from Ireland. The music was much too loud. Most pub - restaurants in Ireland when music is played real folks are doing it and often the folks join in. Here it is just too loud to hear your companions talk. The wait folk seem like there is no real interest in being there. It is like, ok I am here what do you want. Other customers at the bar were Americans acting like they expect folks at an Irish pub would act. Loud and obnoxious. Most customers in Irish pubs enjoy themselves with a bit more decorum. Overall the experience sucked with one bright spot, my meal. I never felt I left Arizona either.
1	I gave this restaurant a rating of three stars in June 2009, which was really too high then. I am only disappointed today that there is no Yelp rating below one star. My wife and I have officially scratched this poorly managed restaurant off our regular list of restaurants. Since we eat out 7 nights weekly, we know good food and good service when we see it. A short time ago Lis Doon Varna tried to int ice early diners with a half off appetizer for early diners around 5pm. We went in last week and asked for the half off deal at around 5pm and our waitress told us the new policy was that we had to buy two alcoholic beverages to get the half off deal. Being a regular, with a history of good and poor experiences, I contacted management by email to give them a chance to correct this poorly thought out discriminatory policy but they choose not to respond back. On too many occasions, we have noticed that this restaurant is just poorly managed with little regard to the people who pay the bills. They have gotten our last dollar.
3	This is the west valley's answer to Rula Bula, it is owned by the same people that own Rula Bula. This place has a thatched roof and looks like an Irish building in the middle of an upper middle class shopping center. Its a free standing building and is quite impressive with the style and scale of the place.The interior (and supposedly the exterior) were all made in Ireland and transported to Arizona for the bar. Sound inefficient but I guess the way you get an "authentic" irish bar in the west valley.The beer selection is OK, not great but they have what you would expect from an Irish pub, Guinness, Smithwicks, with a couple of craft ales from western US breweries. I did not notice any casks on the menu or at the bar.Food was good, all Irish inspired cuisine. I cannot comment on the authenticity of the food because I've never been to Irelane. Its a cute place with some decent beer and good food. If you love all things Irish, check it out.
5	This pub is my favorite place for beer and food.  I think I would stop by this place everyday if I could.
4	Met some old coworkers here to have a few drinks and appetizers for happy hour - it was my first time coming here and I was pleasantly surprised! It had a great atmosphere, beautiful interior, and it wasn't too busy like I thought it would be for happy hour. At first I was a little disappointed that they didn't have any hefeweizen, but our server suggested I try hoegaarden (I childishly giggled at the name) - and ended up loving it. Also tried both of their combo platters which was enough for 4 people to share and be full. I'm not too sure what I ate but it was all really good!    Definitely a place to try when you want to switch things up. I'm sure I'll be back here soon.
4	Stereo typical verson of an Irish pub.  Lots of Guinness signs and friendly staff.  Went here last Friday night to meet up with some friends.  Nice thing about this place is they have a lot of room, both inside and out. Pretty much across from the spring training facility it was pretty packed with baseball fans when we went here.  We decided to park it outside because the weather was perfect and we noticed a rock band setting up gear for some live music.  We sat at the bar and placed our Guinness orders.  Looking around everyone seemed really chilled out which was nice and relaxing. We ordered some apps, some Guinness wings and a chicken quesadilla.  The band started and was a bit out of tune, but did play some classic songs that where good.  Later that evening a member of the band came and told me they were just getting started and this was there 5th practice, so I totally understood the out of sync part of it.   But even that they weren't too bad.  Our food came and let me tell you, for apps, they were huge, and soo yummy!  The wings were top notch, big juicy and had an awesome sauce.  The chicken quesadilla was really fresh tasting and had huge chucks of jalapeno in, mmmm, mmm good.. I enjoyed our food a lot.  Would differently come back and try other things on the menu as well.  Our Guinness drafts were $5.50 a piece pretty reasonable price and the apps for the size and quality were a steal at between, $8-$12 each.  We had a lot of food, buy the end of the night we were trying to give it away.  We left a little faded, but our belly's were full...  :)
4	We stopped over at Lis Doon Varna following a spring training game in Peoria with a group of eleven people.  They weren't that busy and we got fair service, but the variety of traditional Irish dishes on the menu is definitely worth the visit.  They have a pretty good selection of draught beer to accompany your food, including Guiness (duh) Hoegarden and Smithicks.  But the food was the real attraction.  I had the lentil shepards pie, and although the portion was a little small, the dish made up the size in flavor.  My compatriots had the corned beef, fish and chips and a couple of chicken wraps, and everyone seemed happy with their meals. The atmosphere of LDV is the most attractive facet of this restaurant with great decor and a unique floor plan, multiple bars and a substantial outdoor seating area.  I am under the impression that when they have trad music sessions, this place is hopping.
3	Its definitely cute. I liked that there was a live band on a Sunday afternoon. The food was good.Not great.Far from bad.We started with the Spicy Bollix Balls which were quite good. They're basically deep fried mashed potato balls. they are served with a buffalo wing sauce and ranchFor my meal, I had the open faced steak sandwich with fried potato slices. It was all good. Kinda on the bland side but still good. Coulda used some cheese or something. I would come back, its just not on top of my places to run back to right away.
5	My fiance and I love coming to this Pub because it was the place where we had our fist date. It's not even on our side of town, but we're willing to make the 30 min drive nowdays because it is a meaninful place. Had this not been the place where our story began, we would still be coming back because we still enjoy the food here a lot. We usually always start with the Salmon Cakes (very good) and/or the Bollix Spicy Potato Balls served with a side of buffalo wing sauce and ranch dressing. The spicy balls are indeed spicy but very enjoyable - one of our favs here and if we're ever here for just a few drinks, this is our munchie food!Since I'm always up for trying new things, and having never tried Pub food before, I was very curious to try the Boxty on our first date...until I saw Salmon on the menu (which I had been craving the last week). I was torn! Being the sweetheart that he is, my fiance told me to get the Pecan Salmon and he would get the Boxty so I can try both. Boy did I feel horrible after his Boxty plate came out. My salmon was absolutely delicious! Perfectly juicy and full of flavor - even the veggies were a delight! His Boxty however...that was something we will NEVER order again. Now, we've never had Boxty before in our lives, so we dont have anything to compare it to, but this was so bland. No flavor whatsoever! My poor date tried to scarf down his flavorless meal because he was starving that night, but I could tell he was not enjoying it because of the look he had on his face, like "I can't belive I'm eating this disguisting food, but she's cute and I'm starving so what the hell I'll just man up". I eventually convinced him to put his dish aside and share some of my salmon. We definitely cleaned that plate! We laughed at my poor first choice of food and guzzled down our beers which were nice and cold.We've had the burgers with a side of Irish Chips on other occassions. They were good and tasted pretty fresh. I really enjoyed the Irish Chips. We've also had the Shepherd's Pie here. It's a big serving so we shared that one. Decent, not the best I've had though. We've never been disappointed with our drinks or bartenders here. Somehow we end up with the same bartender every time my fiance and I go eat here alone (we usually sit at the bar). He is always friendly and attentive. I never complain about the drink selection here because I enjoy their draft selection. I always stick to my Snake Bite or Hoegaarden, or if I ever feel the need for some liquor I go for my usualy SoCo Lime and my fiance will usually stick to Harp.The dining area can get VERY loud if you're ever there on a Friday or Saturday night after 8 or 9pm when they have live music, but sometimes they have a live Irish band which is kinda fun to listen to if you enjoy Irish rock music
3	I've been to Lis Doon Varna a few times... twice on a Friday night and once during the day.  Sure... it's cool, but really... I didn't notice anything that special.Now... there wasn't anything bad either... but nothing really stood out.  The food wasn't absolutely amazing, I didn't hear any bands playing at all on the nights I was there... Nothing I can't do somewhere else, really.  They do make a mean black and tan tho. :)
4	My mom and I wanted to try a new place for dinner. We'd seen this place before and deciphered that it was an Irish place from the Guiness signs in the window.Right away, you get the feeling that it is a genuine Irish pub. Not that I've ever been to a pub in Ireland, but I didn't feel like I was in Peoria, that's for sure. There are 2 bars and a couple of dining sections. We sat in a strange size booth next to the bar, but we asked for a booth and it was the only one left.Happy hour consisted of $1 off well drinks and appetizers. There was a decent selection of scotch and Irish Whiskey. We got the house scotch and paid $5 for it. The menu also said they sell cigars. It made me think of the Ireland episode that Anthony Bourdain did. I could easily picture him in the place. The menu was huge so we asked the waitress for suggestions, and she gave us a few of her favorites as well as a few of her least favorites.I ordered the Gaelic Chicken which consisted of a giant heap of mashed potatoes covered with chicken breasts, veggies and a yummy mushroom sauce. It wasn't AMAZING, but it was good.My mom had the Reuben with fried mushrooms. The corned beef was excellent (and HUGE) as were the mushrooms.The bartender looked of Irish decent and the Guinness on tap looked delicious.We will definitely be back!
5	I've been here many times. The food is great and drinks are nothing TOO special, but the atmosphere is what makes this place worth it. The staff has always been friendly and very fun! I recommend the Doon to anyone looking to have a great time with family and friends!
4	Sat at the bar during reverse happy hour. The friendly bartender had a couple of random experiences to share. I was entertained. 2 for 1 drinks if you work for the "industry", and two happy hours = plenty of chances to come in and save a bunch of money.The kitchen closes at 10PM on the weekdays which was a total downer, but I'm not going to let that alter my rating for this place. Although, I did take a look at the menu, and there were more than a couple of things that made my mouth water. I will definitely be back to try the Guinness wings, and shepard's pie.
4	Made it back the same week to try the food.The Guinness wings were tasty. Even with all the sauce they smothered them in, they stayed crisp for quite some time. The sweet potato fries were nice and crunchy, just the way I like 'em. Don't forget the potato balls, either. I'll have to try one of the dinner entrees the next time I'm there.This is definitely a nice place to kick back with friends, and have some drinks and eats.
1	Comments in the older review still apply, except for now they have a happy hour, but you may get somewhat shafted like I did.I simply asked if such and such beer was "on the happy hour" and the reply was "yes".  So I ordered this beer a few times, plus an appetizer, and then my cheque arrives - FULL PRICE.  Guess what... if you just order the beer by name, you don't get the happy hour price & size (16 oz).  Instead they serve you the 20 oz. at full price, without bothering to tell you that you're paying full price, EVEN WHEN YOU JUST ASKED ABOUT A BEER ON HAPPY HOUR.Thanks for making this review an easy one, and I'll be sure to note this experience to my friends who like to go for pints of Guinness on occasion.
3	The atmosphere was excellent, the live music was outstanding, the servers were courteous and prompt.  As a pub it was great.  Unfortunately, my wife and I had dinner there as well.  The food was bland.  We split a shepard's pie and side of mac & cheese and both agreed:1- the shepard's pie was boring no spice to it, the mashed potatoes tasted like the box they came out of and there was almost no meat in it.2- the mixed veggies that came with the shepard's pie were over done, soggy and had all the flavor steamed out of them3- the mac and cheese was not creamy or saucy and amazingly, it was bland - as if the cheese had no flavorSo go to Lis Doon Varna for the pub because it is great - just don't go for dinner...
4	Time to get your drinking cap on, because this place has a large assortment of beers!  My 4 star rating comes from the beer selection, and the food deserves 3 stars.I want to start by saying that I really like the decor and atmosphere in this place.  Cute, quaint, and traditional.  Occasionally I have come here and was greeted with a live singing and performing Irish band, which is a nice touch after a long week at work.My last visit proved to be pleasant.  It was a Friday night and surprisingly we were able to be sat immediately.  We made it to happy hour in time, which runs there until 7 pm!  I got a delicious Weheinstephen (sp.), and a large one at that.  I decided to order my personal fav...Corned beef and cabbage.Now, I don't know if I am thinking of someplace else, but I swore that their corned beef and cabbage came in whole chunks and NOT in sliced deli meat style.  I was slightly disappointed when my food arrived at the sight of that...something about having the extra fat and shredded texture is what I crave...and it provides WAY MORE FLAVOR.Aside from that, the food was tasty.  My fiance ordered the braised beef and the gravy was thick and amazing!  Delicious flavor.  I would have liked to see larger proportions for the cost of the meal, as we both had no leftovers to take home with us.In either case, definitely check this place out and TRY THE BEERS!
2	We had a few pints and some appetizers.  The appetizers were alright, but nothing special.  However, they were extremely overpriced.  This place is not worth the bill.
4	If you can't stand "Irish Pubs" that are no more than a typical American sports bar with an Irish-sounding name, then this is the place for you.  As soon as you walk in, the decor conveys that you've come to the right place if you're looking for an old-world experience.  Hey, anyplace that serves boxty can't be wrong, right?  Plenty of Irish beer, just enough local ones (AZ and CO beers on tap) and even a Belgian white if you're difficult.  Speaking of boxty, my Guinness beef boxty was excellent, as was the Irish pudding.  Great service, too.  The only thing missing was someone playing uilleann pipes (hence the 4 stars ;-) ).
4	If it can be done to Guinness, Lis Doon Varna is doing it. I loved the Irish Car Bombs. They used their homemade whiskey-based cream liquor for them, and it was amazing.I get annoyed by the generic Irish pubs on every other corner, sporting nothing but a shamrock here and a Guinness ad there, but the decor at Lis Doon is refreshing. I'll update my review when I come back for the food...but don't let me have too many pints. Guinness and Cider is addictive.
4	The only reason I'm giving four and not five stars is because it is pretty far from my house. A friend of ours took my son and husband here and they raved about it. So they've been trying to get me to go. Well I finally went and it was worth raving about.We started off with black and tans with Guinness of course.Then we had the warm Potato chips and the cheesy potato balls of goodness as appetizers. I had a salmon dish with the horseradish crust which melted in my mouth. My son had the fish and chips and raved about it. My husband had the bangers and mash and our friend had the lamb stew. All enjoyed their meals. We also got the bread pudding and the chocolate dessert to share- sorry can't remember the name of the chocolate one.Would definitely go back again- there was so much I wanted to try.
3	This place is OK. Good for beer and apps,  not for meals.
5	One of the best Irish dip sandwiches ever, the Irish fries were great and red potatoes awesome. Great atmosphere, not too pricey. Went there on accident, Texas Roadhouse wasn't open for lunch but I was glad in the end!!!!  The building is so cute too-although that has nothing to do with the food! Really impressed.
3	Okay, vie been here about 3 times. I'm not very keen on irish foods. And i wasn't to impressed with the menu. I literally ordered chicken tenders and they came out looking like flat Mozillarella strips. I was like uh WTF is this. That and the lack of non irsh food on the menu was disappointing. Beer is good of course. The building is visually stunning i must admit. Service is great and they have a nice patio with bar in the rear. Prices are a tad high for me but if your willing to spend it then it's okay.
