3	The restaurant was advertised in a tourist brochure, so I headed over on a Sunday morning.  With floor to ceiling windows on two sides, diners get expansive views of Parc La Fontaine diagonally across the street, and cyclists streaming by.  Inside, it's a comfortable space with a bar along one side, and a 70's retro feel.  I ordered smoked salmon Benedict for $12.95, which also included the following:  over a half-dozen sections of pineapple, grapes, citrus, and melon; two pieces each of sausage, bacon, and ham; sauteed fresh mushrooms, home fries, and a quarter of a baguette.  It appears the prix fixe brunch includes all of that, and everything served was high quality, fresh, and beautifully presented.So why only three stars?  The service was completely disfunctional.  When I arrived just before 11:00, only about six of the 30 or so tables were occupied, yet both servers were clearly getting frazzled.  An hour later, with the place fully occupied, they were completely overwhelmed.  There were long lines of people waiting to be seated, waiting for menus, waiting to give their orders, waiting for their food, waiting for their check, and waiting to pay.  Tables could have been turned in about half the time it actually took if the dining room were run efficiently.  It's ironic that once orders went in, they came out in a timely fashion. So if you're a patient person who enjoys well-prepared, fresh and high quality food, head on over.  Otherwise, you might prefer someplace that has a bit more respect for your time.
4	A very original 70s retro environment, nice staff even if a bit slow, and very honest meal quality, but what you will go there for, is definitely the view!
5	Lovely, especially for the price.  My wife and I enjoyed 4 meals over 2 days at Bistro Tot ou Tard and enjoyed each.  We enjoyed a lovely eggy brunch with all of the sides, perfectly prepared with lovely fruit on the side and delicious potatoes. One evening I tried an unusual cut of steak - beautifully prepared as medium rare with a lovely mushroom sauce.  My wife tried the veal liver which was terrifically fresh and tender without any gaminess. Our dining companions both had (and raved over) one of the ravioli specials.  Another night we tried the mussels - absolutely perfect and a steal at the price!  Oh and the fries were way, way too good.  I'll have to work out a lot to get past those.Finally, we had a quick lunch on the way to the airport - hamburger gourmand.  Again, a winner.
5	As others have said, really good food & portions for the price. We were looking for a cheap place for brunch in the plateau area, and this was just around the corner from the place we stayed. The menu is only in french, but the waitress was happy to answer our questions. We each tried a different type of crepe and were all satisfied and surprised to find that they came with eggs, toast and lots of fresh fruit. Mine was about $8, and my friends whose orders included bacon/sausage were around $13.Since it's in the ground floor of an office building(i think), there was quite a lunchtime rush. When we arrived at 11 there were 3 tables occupied, and prolly 12 by the time we left. Unlike others on here i didn't think the service was poor/slow, the 2 waiters did a great job of keeping up with the rush while being friendly.
4	Excellent brunch! Bear in mind, portions are HUGE. We had the eggs benedict, which was great, and the fig/date crepes, which were simply amazing and quite possibly the best crepes we've ever had. Both brunch dishes came with ham, bacon, AND sausage, which upon reading the menu I thought was a typo, but was in fact the reality. I don't think I've never had a larger portioned brunch before. I finished about half of mine. The bloody mary was also very good, although not made with horseradish, which I almost always prefer. It's also located right at the corner of the park, which provided excellent people watching. I highly recommend!
5	I love this place! It's my first meal in Canada during my first visit to the country. I ordered  mussels that comes with a mixed green salad. Great flavor and a very big portion.
5	This place is amazing. If I lived remotely closer, I would go here all the time.Service was friendly but not intrusive - no rushing here to turn over tables. And all brunch meals come with onions, ham, potatoes, bacon, sausage, AND a huge bowl of fruit! I'm not talking crappy honeydew/canteloupe melon fruit, I'm saying an actual array of bananas, apples, cherries, berries, pineapple, etc... fruit!For two visiting Americans with rusty French skills, they were great, it was nice to see the wide age range of patrons, from families to young couples. Always a good sign :)
4	I had their brunch on a week-end, with the place bursting with people. They serve the usual breakfast fare, eggs, Benedicts, waffles, etc. The price is fair, given the ginormous portion of food served.One hiccup during my visit; each of the plates came with a small bowl of fruits. That day, it was a mixture of melons, one of which clearly had gone bad. There were only a few bits of melon in each cup of fruit so by the time we realized and spit it out, we didn't have any left to show the kitchen.The decor is fresh, modern, vibrant and green, and everything looks quite new.I would come back if I was in need of a breakfast fix with friends, but this spot does not stand out from the crop of other similar priced and similar menu-ed brunch restaurants in Montreal.
