2	The allure that drew me into this parking structure for my most recent flight out of Sky Harbor was the fact that I could pull up to the "Early bird curb-side check-in" at the parking garage, drop off my bags at my leisure, check-in to my flight, park and the take the PHX sky train to the terminal.  Certainly seemed like a huge convenience.  This parking structure is located directly East of the airport.  Follow the signs to the entrance of the lot.  Take your ticket upon entry.  Keep in mind that you can do the easy check-out, so, remember to take your ticket with you and pay by the elevators when you return.  Once you get your ticket, the fun part begins, pull up to the Early-bird curbside check-in to drop off your bags and check in.Be mindful that you MUST be checked-in by 90minutes before your flight or their computer systems will not allow them to check you in or take your bags.  The curb-side check-in window is 4hrs - 90mins before your departure time.  Don't learn the hard way, as I did.  I got there at 90mins til.  By the time I got my bags out and walked up to the counter, it was about 87 mins until my flight, I could not be checked-in.  It also sucked to lug that luggage from the parking garage to the terminal.  It took me exactly 1hr from the curb-side to the gate!  1 hour.  --- BUT WAIT.  The kicker part?  I would have been there in plenty of time if, on the way out of my community, I had not thought to stop at the ATM machine to pick-up cash to tip the curb-side check-in guys!  hahaha!  Oh well, such is life!The curb-side check-in service is currently ONLY available for USAir and Southwest customers.  Currently, it is not available for International travelThe hours are from 4am - 6pm, Daily.   Definitely check the website to confirm this information as it may change over time.Once you've checked-in to your flight, park your car.  If you park on in the covered structure above ground level, be mindful that you will need to come back to the first floor and then get on the Skytrain elevator to catch the Sky Train to the terminal.The fee to park here is $9/day uncovered and $11/day covered.  My tab after parking there for 2 days and a cpl hours?  $33.  Given the amount it costs to park at this lot and the fact that it took me 1-hr (includes the time I spent at the curbside) to get to my gate, I've decided that I won't use this parking structure again.  I will continue to use the satellite parking lots that have covered parking AND drop me off at the airport curb-side.  That takes less time and I am pretty sure I have never spent $33 for parking at Sky Harbor.
4	This was our first experience parking in the East Economy lot.  We parked in the garage as for us, the $11 was worth the covered parking vs. the $9 for parking in the open.  The only negative was driving 'round and round and round' to get up to the level in the garage where there was available parking - not a big deal and worth it for the covered parking.  We took the elevator down to the main level and the light rail was right there and we walked right on.  It is a great set-up with the trains feeling very clean and modern and it is smart that they didn't put much seating in the trains so everyone has room for their luggage and you simply hold on to the hand rail.  It was only a couple of minutes on the train before the doors opened and we were at Terminal 4.  It was a quick escalator ride and then a short walk through a very modern walkway and we were in Terminal 4!  Very slick.  On the way back, we *just* missed the train so had to wait the 4 minutes till the next one and even this 'worst case' wasn't a big deal.  This was a seamless experience and we would definitely do it again.
3	Still one of the most overpriced airports I've ever had to park at, at least East Economy Parking with the new monorail can get the cost below $10 a day.  Cheers to the friendly folks driving the trams to keep people from suffering too long in the desert heat, but at this cost I'd still appreciate more shaded areas in the lot.
4	Lots of parking available, covered & uncovered. New sky train access easy from garage parking and buses roam lot to pick up those parking on street level. Sky train runs every three minutes and connects to terminal on second floor where gates are.
3	Phoenix airport has some of the worst signage.  People are always getting lost.  If you've never been to this lot, it will be difficult to find and difficult to get out in the direction you want.Pricing is pretty good.
3	Good luck getting a spot in close proximity to the train, give yourself an extra 5 minutes to park and walk.
2	This is for the curbside check in people at the east economy lot. First of all, I don't appreciate being there 95 minutes before my flight, having to wait 6 or 7 minutes for the people in front of me to get done, then get turned away because I'm 88 minutes from my flight. The guy running the show, who isn't very nice, says his computer won't let him do it. I think it's an excuse to be lazy. If it really is the computer thing, they should really build in a grace period. 5 minutes is fine. The curbside check in thing is a great service, but they are really turning into luggage nazis. Bottom line: make sure you are there 100 minutes or more before your flight or else you'll be pissed off and stressed out like I was.
4	Best place to park for the airport.  Large, well-lighted lot that's easy to get around.  The trains are very regular and take you to the terminal very quickly.  Service is good if you want to be taken between the train stop and your car.TIP:  Show up 90 minutes before your flight and you can early-check your luggage here instead of taking it to the terminal.
5	Great place to park when traveling for a few days, covered parking is only $11 vs $25 at the airport and with the light rail connection it only takes about 5 minutes longer!
4	I finally got to take the SkyTrain! I've been hearing about the SkyTrain ever since it went operational, but never had a chance to use it during my many trips to the Sky Harbor Airport. The reason is that I'm most often the one picking up and dropping off my oft-traveling roommate here, which indicates that I really don't travel enough... even though I have always had that bug. This visit was one of the times that I had a good excuse to travel.. to a work convention! I was unable to time getting picked up or dropped off myself, so I was destined to use long term parking.I made the mistake of driving into the parking garage nearest the terminal, assuming it would somehow lead me to long-term parking. Although it appears there is some long-term parking in the structure, I spotted a sign that said it was FULL. I made my spiraling, corkscrewing exit out of the structure, and found out from the friendly attendant how to get to the East Economy Parking lot. I guess the entrance I chose to the airport did not display appropriate signage to lead me to it.It's a ways off, and you will have to do some hiking once you park to get you and your bags to the SkyTrain platform. But I was really happy leaving my car here for a few days. It seemed secure, clean, and somewhat new. I would've used the free early-bag-check, but fortunately I found out beforehand from the shuttle bus driver that the service was for people who arrived well over an hour before their flight. I was pushing it, so I lugged, or should I say wheeled my duffle onto the metro, and made it to the terminal quickly. Once again, nonobvious signage slowed me down a tad once I got into the airport. I guess it should be obvious that ticketing and check-in are on the bottom floor of Sky Harbor. By taking the Skywalk from the train platform, you automatically will find yourself on the second floor.Anyhow, if any of my comments are useful for future East Economy parkers, I'll add a couple more tips. Always snap a cell phone picture of the parking lot locator signs once you park. You really are unlikely to find your car in a prompt fashion if you rely on memory. When I parked here, the rates were $9 a day. And they do take credit cards.
