5	THE BEST! They care about their customers and the cars they work on. It is so evident.I had concerns because my brakes were grinding and thought I had to have those or the routers replaced. i called around and Penn Auto was able to squeeze me in the following week.I dropped my car off and they looked at it right away. To my relief, they explained that my car was fine and why the grinding was happening. While I waited, they turned the TV on for me and had a very nice waiting area.They didn't even charge me for looking at the car--I know other shops would have or would have tried to replace the brakes.I will be returning!
5	After someone backed into me, needed a little bumper repair. After hearing horror stories of auto mechanics, I was dreading finding a shop to fix my car. My State Farm agent recommended Penn Automotive. They were AWESOME. They made the whole experience very pleasant and super easy. They got me in the next week and gave me a loaner while they had my car for 2 days and did a wonderful job. They did my inspection while they had my car and did not try to sell me on anything.I highly recommend them to anyone!!
5	I was on vacation in Pittsburgh and had a muffler problem. Penn Automotive took a look, told me what I needed, but was unable to fix it that day due to scheduled customers. They also told me it was safe to drive, just loud and annoying. They didn't charge anything. I told them I couldn't give them repeat business since I was from out of town, but would surely give them a good review. If I did live in in the area I would be a regular customer. Thanks again
5	These guys are excellent. Friendly, conscientious, full if integrity. Plus the best holiday decorations around!
5	Amazing! I tell everyone about Penn Automotive!  After moving to Pittsburgh I was worried about finding an auto repair shop I could trust but I am so glad I found them! The best!!!! Thanks so much Joel & crew! Highly recommend them.
1	The lady who runs the office is unpleasant and rude. Will not use this garage in the future.
