5	As a self professed massage junkie, I can say that I know what classifies a good massage. I have experienced many massage techniques all over the world and Glenda is not only good, she's outstanding! She goes above and beyond by customizing your treatment to exactly what you want and need. If you want to feel refreshed, renewed and rejuvenated, book an appointment with her ASAP!
5	I used to work in the same building as Glenda - and had set up a few massages with her before, however we both had busy schedules and I had to keep cancelling.This past week, I happened to notice a really great special for a 90 min massage on her facebook page and called immediately hoping for a same-day appointment. Score! She had it. I finally went to see her, now at the Beach Retreat and all I can say is Whoo Hoo!!! So worth the wait. I am an LMT as well so I know pretty intimately what constitutes a great massage, and Glenda hit the nail on the head. She worked deeply and thoroughly where I wanted it, gently and slowly where I needed it and overall did a fantastic job. In addition to having a very physically demanding job, I also suffer from scoliosis, and it takes someone with great skill to relieve my pain and tension without leaving me sore or limping. Not only was she able to do that but I saw her 9 days ago and I still feel great.The Beach was a kind of cute little place. It has a homey, folksy kind of feel to it. Most importantly, the table was comfy and the temperature in the room was just perfect. Warm and soothing without being overly hot. Just. Plain. Awesome. I highly recommend her!
5	this was a 90 minute massage...it was absolutely the best massage i have ever had...and i have had LOTS of massage!!!
5	"As a massage therapist myself, I would say Glenda's massage gets a 2 thumbs up! She worked out some problem areas without inflicting pain."
5	Glenda is AMAZING!!! My 90 Min. Swedish/Deep Tissue massage was incredible from start to finish.  It's def. been a while since I had a deep tissue massage so my trouble areas were in horrible shape.  I do prefer the deeper pressure when getting a massage and Glenda def. provided that.  Glenda worked out my trouble spots and it felt great!She even had Pandora and offered me any station of my choice.  My kind of music + a fantastic massage = PURE BLISS ;]I'm def. looking forward to my next appt. :]
