3	We have come to this AT&T location for several years now looking at new phones, and servicing our existing ones.  The employees are very knowledgable and friendly.  In the past we've had Motorola's, several Blackberry's and numerous Apple i-Phones, all of which were happy with the experience.  I highly recommend this AT&T store!
2	As I read the "Meh, I've experienced better" I thought, yes, this is how I felt.  I went in 45 minutes before close and it took 30 min minimum to get out of there.  I really wish it was taken into account that I went in and spent money on a new iPhone and the amount of money that I spend monthly with them, that the service and attitudes of the staff would be A+...maybe it is a bigger issue on a corporate level... darn AT&T...
5	My mom and I came into att today because my phone case was broken. They were very polite and kind. Isaac was a new retail sales consultant and he helped us out. He put on the case and was very kind and patient. I would recommend this place to anyone with att. We went to the att on cactus and I could feel the negativity in the air. They didn't want to replace my case because the new guy at the pv mall att said he didn't want to deal with us. This shows that scottsdale does everything better! My advise if you have to choose, choose Scottsdale AT&T!
5	Excellent, efficient and friendly service. Book an appt. online to avoid wait. Issac was a pleasure to work with.
1	I came in today to return an iPhone cable that I bought a few weeks ago and when I came in they said its passed the 14 day mark. When I bought it, I also bought several other items which the rep then told me that I didn't even need a recent to return anything because it's on my account. He never mentioned a time limit of returning something none the less it was never even opened. I feel robbed that ATT was happy to take my money and not disclose time limits on returns and I spend over $140 a month on my bills. Never again will I trust an ATT rep. Thanks ATT for taking my money and not allowing me to return one of the several items...Buyers beware
5	My hubby's had problems with his phone not getting the OS software updates and the phone CS people have been unable to help. So we choose this store as the closest Company Retail Store.The gentleman that met us at the door was very polite and seemed very knowledgeable in his aspect of the store. Unfortunately, we needed help of a more technical nature so he suggested we go to the store in Paradise Valley Mall.He walked us to the door and was very apologetic that he couldn't help.Would definitely go to this location again!
