3	Better than quite a few urgent care centers I have been to in the valley. The majority of their business seems to be occupational testing, so when I walked in as an urgent care patient, they put me in a different queue than the occupationals. I was seen by a nurse within 15 minutes and a PA within 15 minutes after that. I got the meds I was looking for to treat my two week old cough and other nastiness. Four days later they called me to see how I was doing. Pricing is posted up front. Check the website to fill out the main form ahead of time. If you are paying cash, you can print out a 10% off coupon. Not the newest building, it is next to a Samurai Sam's in an industrial area. Hours are not terribly helpful, mostly 8-5. However, it filled my need in a more timely manner than I expected. I would go back if necessary.
1	No Service! Turns out the hours posted are not their hours of service. I dropped a large object on my foot and was pretty sure it was broken so I looked online and saw their hours are 8-5. I arrived at the clinic at 4:23, told the person at the front desk what happened, and she told me the xray tech was leaving at 4:30 so all I could do was see a doctor. When I told her that didn't help me, that I would most definitely need xrays, she said the xray tech left at 4:30, as if I didn't hear her the 1st time. I asked if she would talk with the doctor to ask if I could see the tech first, she then said it would take me more than 7 minutes to fill out the paperwork and that I wouldn't have time to see anyone before 4:30. Apparently, the front desk person, who, based on her grammar has less than a high school diploma, makes office decisions, not a competent office manager or the highly educated and trained doctors. Needless to say, I left without seeing a doctor or getting xrays. I did suggest that they post their hours as 8-4:30 or they actually provide all services until the closing time. We've all been to businesses who stay late to accommodate the customer, you would think a health care provider would do the same, especially if the patient is in the office prior to the posted hours of service. Concentra apparently does not accommodate the patient, just the hours of their non-customer service oriented staff. Good to know, there are other Urgent Care facilities available, now I know this is not one that I care to go back to.
1	I get there when they open one of the first to check in and I sit there for an hour. After they checked into people who got there after me, I asked how long was the wait. She then tells me that she hasn't check me in because the person who can check me and isn't in yet.
