5	This was my first time to Yogurt Jungle I was very impressed. My wife and I went there to try it out, it just opened two days ago. What I liked the most about this place was being a self serve yogurt store, they actually tell there prices (39 cents an ounce), I have been to other self serve yogurt stores that its becomes a surprise at the end how much your yogurt is.They had 10 different flavors: Original TartPomegranateStrawberryGreen TeaRaspberry ( no sugar)Orange SorbetVanillaChocolateNew York Cheesecake PistachioWith over 60 toppings including candy, fresh fruit, dry cereal, all types of syrups, and much more. I would highly recommended Yogurt Jungle. My wife and I both had yogurts with all the fixings with a ice cold fuji water ( $1.00) for about $ 8.00 and my wife still had yogurt left. Very clean location, kid friendly, had a counter low enough for kids to see the toppings. Over all great experience, the owner even introduced himself and was very friendly. Being a small business owner, I am always trying to support local business owners that offer a great product, with great customer service at a reasonable price.Thanks Yogurt Jungle for the great first experience, we will return.
5	I had the opportunity to try out a brand new "hot" spot for the community - Yogurt Jungle, now open at the Queen Creek Marketplace!  My pictures are not going to do the place justice so you will have to go check it out for yourself, but it truly was a fun place.  The kids LOVED IT.  You are able to select the kind of frozen yogurt you want - which has a cool feature - LCD screens to tell you what the flavors of the day are.  You pay per the ounce, and although it was not cheap, it was much more cheaper then say Cold StoneI really enjoyed our visit and would recommend anyone in the area check it out.  I think on June 26th they will be "officially" open and will be giving away FREE YOGURT to everyone who comes in.  Not a bad little PR stunt to drum up business and awareness.   Again, this is a great little addition to our little (but growing) community!
2	This is a tricky one because the yogurt was tasty, however, I thought it was overpriced--especially for self serve.  Maybe I'm just cheap but was surprised at the total for a couple small cups of frozen yogurt.  My sister and her family were there also and surprised at the high prices, too.  It's unfortunate because the yogurt is delicious, but the prices might keep me from returning often.
4	Wow, the best looking yogurt place in town PERIOD, these people really spend alot of money on this place and it shows. the decor is very new and we love it. the only thing i would change is I had the shake and i didnt know what flavors to ad. I would recommend to have instruction or ideas what to mix with what. Other wise, it is very clean and neat. The girls behind the counter were very nice. I aslo wish they had choclate, my kids were a bit disappointed.Keep up the good work and w will continue coming back.
5	The first time I went to Yogurt Jungle, I was impressed. The vanilla frozen yogurt is fantastic, healthier than ice cream, and goes with any of the complementary toppings they have (strawberries, kiwi, pineapple, etc.). I recommend the vanilla flavor to anyone who visits this place (tastes excellent with or without toppings). Those who are trying to watch their weight, Yogurt Jungle is the way to go. For anyone with a family and picky eaters, Yogurt Jungle is also the way to go. In addition, they have self-serve, the price is cheap for those on a budget (39 cents an ounce), and they have a variety of sizes.Yogurt Jungle is great for everyone, especially for those with families. The place is clean, kid-friendly (low tables and chairs for kids), and the service is usually friendly and helpful.This frozen yogurt place is definitely worth a visit. Try their vanilla frozen yogurt and bring your kids too!
5	This is a great addition to The QC.  Perfect treat for after dinner and the kids can get whatever they want...they never complain and neither do we.The establishment is always clean and the staff does a great job making sure of that.  They are also very kind.  The flavors stay pretty consistent but have about 4 that rotate.  The other night they had banana and I loved it.  Plenty of topping choices -- not like the other places with minimal selections.Two internet-connected PCs in the place as well.  Close enough for some free WiFi also.Just a great casual post-dinner (or just-for-the-heck-of-it) snack.
5	I'm her second victim- my sister has been systematically dragging each member of our family to Yogurt Jungle since her first visit less than a month ago. I believe she plans to poison us with our own good taste. Some concoctions were never meant to be concocted, and they have been; the sheer insanity is exhilarating. Cheesecake strawberry pistachio and coffee strawberry Heath cream cheese are the most recent of our blunders. And the worst truth of all is that they both taste amazing. These flavors should NEVER be allowed to exist, but they do, and somehow they work. I was half way finished before I remembered to take a quick picture of our oh-so-strange frozen desserts. The pure fun of this place is that it is undoubtedly a jungle. It's an adventure navigating the yogurts and the toppings, trying to decide what combination of chocolates, candies, and fruits you can get away with. You have the freedom to do whatever you want with your dessert, which unfortunately also gives you the ability to fail miserably. Pomegranate, lychee jelly, and graham cracker dust? Oh no- I don't think so. Be sure to take advantage of the little taste-tester-ketchup cups. Avoiding them myself nearly resulted in an intestinal tragedy. Thank goodness I escaped intact...There are far too many good things about Yogurt Jungle to talk about verbatim, so here is a list of pros and cons I've found:Pros--Near my home, so it's a quick drive, as opposed to other yogurt shops in the valley.-Incredibly clean-Comfortable- their booths and tables are fun to sit and chat at over a cup of yogurt.-Great WiFi connection. I sat there for an hour and enjoyed the same speed as my connection at home.-Kid-friendly. It was packed with them when we arrived, though my sister and I were easily able to navigate the store and had our deserts in no time at all. -Very friendly service. The staff remember you, and are sure to greet you when you return (my sister got a very kind 'hello! Nice to see you again.') and are very on top of maintenance and cleaning.-Inexpensive (depending on how much you like to eat). You pay $0.39 an ounce, no matter what you get. My sister and I paid about seven dollars for both and we were both full.-The Choices, oh the choices! There are so /many/, and they change all the time with new tasty tidbits. Wanting to slim down? Go for the fruits and low-cal yogurt. Need to bulk up? Go for the chocolate and candies.-You can choose whatever you like! It's crazy- not like a Cold Stone where you have limits to your frozen dairy aspirations. You can go free- have fun!-Great hours. You can go almost any time. My sister and I were there until closing at 10pm. We did not feel rushed or hurried- we were just having fun.Cons--With the freedom to choose, there is the freedom to make some really nasty combinations. I'm scared to even imagine them.-It's an addiction- it really is. Like Pokemon; "Gotta concoct 'em all!" (Potentially a somewhat healthy one?)-Small store. The organization is effective, but when it get's busy toddlers, teens, and grannies are all stepping around each other.I very much enjoyed my experience at Yogurt Jungle. I do believe it's becoming our family's new little hotspot. Friends and family better watch out- you'll all be coming here eventually.
4	i do love me some fro-yo. went there tonight with my boyfriend and his mom and it was packed. ive never waited in line to get yogurt before! lol. the flavor choices were ok. i stuck with the euro tart and tart pomegranate. lots of topping choices though. my only complaint was that it was pretty much all melted by the time we got home, and it was like 60 degrees outside. but other than that it was good and i will def be back esp since its only 39 cents and ounce!!
5	Memories of my youth! Great place, always crowded but because its a good deal and fun treat
4	Vanilla and pecan- the best!  Not a big fan of the toppings since I see kids with their fingers always in them.  Usually get a tub and add my own toppings at home-  if even needed.
1	I had been to yougurt jungle several times with my family. However I wont be returning after tonight. We got there around 9:50 pm tonight, they close at 10. We poked our heads in and said are yall still open? The guy said yeah come on in. The woman behind the counter gave him a dirty look and stared us down the entire time we were in there not welcoming whatsoever. After we were already in there they presumed to tell us a group of 6, that we could only have the yogurt that we couldnt put any toppings on because "they already put the serving spoons away". Very unprofessional in my opinion especially for a business like that. If your hours say you are open till 10 pm, that means that everything is available until 10 pm. If youre gonna close your shop early, you better lock your door. Very unimpressed and I wont be recommending Yogurt Jungle anymore.
5	The yogurt takes just like ice cream.  The toppings are of good quality and include fresh fruit, snicker pieces, brownie chunks, nuts, etc.  A hefty filled cup runs us about $4.50 and is worth it.  You can get a card each time your yogurt weighs more than 8 oz and you get the 10th one free.
4	I like to come here because I can create my own frozen yogurt dessert just the way I like it. The kids love it too. They have a large assortment of toppings from fresh fruit, to chocolate to assorted candies. Oh, and lots of yogurt flavors to choose from, including some low sugar options.
5	I love coming to Yogurt Jungle with my husband! I must say that it is one of the best self serve frozen yogurt places around.They have a great selection to choose from: 50+ toppings, and 10 flavors that are either low calorie or low fat. My favorite flavors are Alpine Vanilla and Pistachio but you will not be disappointed with any flavor that you may choose. Their prices are reasonable ($0.39 per ounce) but ounces will add up after you add all of your favorite toppings to the frozen yogurt. Do not be surprised if you pay $10.00 for a large cup. However, you will not regret coming to Yogurt Jungle and will most likely return to it many more times! :)
5	We are here once a week. Super clean, reasonably priced (.39 an ounce), and a lot of fun for our 2.5yr old.
5	Great place to visit!
4	Oh my gosh i love this place. There clean, fun and inexpensive. There areso many different flavors to pick from. I highly recommended this place.
5	This place is so much fun,. They always have several flavors of yogurt and tons of topping to choose from. Word to the wise think about how much you'll really eat when you will your cup you get charged by the weight. Once I got an 8 dollar cup and couldn't eat like 1/3 of it. About 2 dollars worth will fill me up!
4	This is a solid (ok, semi-solid, :)) frozen yogurt place.  I have been there a few times and the place always seems to be clean and well stocked with a nice selection of toppings.  The flavors are all very good and they always seem to change them up a bit (with seasonal flavors) while keeping some of the favorites available.I believe the price charged is 39 cents an ounce, so you get what you pay for :).  My only advice is to not get a massive portion, because as good as it is, you will get sick of it by the end.  Also, if you check the ads in the mail or Sunday paper, there is sometimes a buy one get one free (or 1/2 off) coupon inside.This is not the best dessert in the world, but for those looking for a yogurt-based treat, this is a great option.  Great place to take the kids too!
5	One of my favorite "self-serve" yogurt places!  A good selection, always squeaky clean, super cute decor and a friendly staff to boot.  I'd say more, but I have a sudden craving for some yogurt and am heading out the door! :)
4	Awesome yogurt bar!!!!! Put everything on it!!!!
4	I been here many times but this is my first review. Good selection of yogurts.  Even better selection of fresh toppings including fresh fruits.  A little expensive but worth it.
4	Good flavor's of Yogurt... Very nice atmosphere.... It's very clean & the toppings are very fresh...
5	Trendy feel inside in a great location off Ellsworth Loop.  Very clean, which is always a plus.  To me frozen yogurt is a category all on it's own.  The taste and texture are different than ice cream.  I personally will take Frozen Yogurt or Gelato over ice cream any day.  There are several flavors to choose from with some that stay static while others are switched out to keep it interesting.  I would like it if they changed these transient flavors more often.  If I remember right it was pineapple that rocked my world, but I haven't seen it since.  Pistachio is also very good.  Wonderful variety of toppings.  I usually opt for the coconut, white chocolate chips, and some fresh fruit.  I put the fun stuff on for my kiddos.  Price is per ounce. They have specials/discounts written on a blackboard.  There's also a card you can get where after 9 punches the 10th Frozen Yogurt is free.  Fills up quickly for us since it's a family event when we go to Yogurt Jungle.  There's a refrigerator with prepackaged yogurt.  As others have mentioned free use of two computers and wi-fi.  My 2.5 yr old and I love the kid sized table and chairs that they have inside by the windows.  Makes it more fun for him.  Overall a fabulous place to have a treat.  Our family loves it.  We would go more often if we could, but the price is a tad expensive for us and that prevents it from being a more frequent outing.
5	Hawiian Pineapple is the best flavor! I've been waiting for the whole year and it's finally back! Cute and clean little place to stop by for a quick treat. 10 flavor selections  and tons of topping to choose from. Love this place!
4	Pretty much like every popular self-serve yogurt place that seem to be popping up everywhere.  For us, the location is perfect.I love that I can control the portion, and the kids LOVE the choice of toppings.  I wish they wouldn't have the toppings at such a low level, because I see other little kids dipping their fingers in the front row every time we are there (yuck)...so I try to choose toppings that are without boogie germs by going for the second row and back.I prefer this over Cold Stone, and so do my kids.We go here about three times a month, and occasionally I find coupons in the Valu-Clip thing we get in the mail. I would prefer an email coupon, since I rarely have the actual coupon with us when we go.
5	Great selection of toppings and yogurt! Super clean friendly atmosphere the only place I will get yogurt from.  Do yourself a favor and go get some!
4	I love this place. The yogurt selection is kind of small, but the flavors are yummy.  And it's open late-ish, so that's awesome. Prices are decent for fro-yo. I've never tried it, but it's awesome that you can make shakes too!
5	BEST FROZEN YOGURT EVER!  I should have known that a warm tempered climate would know how to freeze the stuff properly.  Yogurt Jungle had a fabulous flavor offering with cake batter, ny cheesecake, eurotart, pomegranate, mango, dulche de leche, and the list goes on.The topping offering was also way above average.  I went to fresh fruit heaven and went HEAVY on the kiwi, pineapple, blackberries, and strawberries; that makes the outing a healthy one, right?  I can safely say there will be no need for Vitamin C or Calcium supplements for the remainder of my visit, a daily dose of Yogurt Jungle will do!
4	Something about being able to make my own makes it taste better.  Easy going, great yogurt.  Fun for the whole family.
2	First not a clean table in the shop. Second service rep no where in sightThird limited flavorsForth did I mention dirty tables??  Very dirty?When the service rep came out of hiding she was friendly but went back into hiding. Maybe we were really impressed with the service rep at Sweetie Peas. She always keeps things cleaned. If she isn't checking a customer out she is wiping down the bar and all areas. Nice and clean!!!Came here for the kids but probably won't come back.
4	Yummy but $$. It is very good frozen yogurt. Not all frozen yogurt places are good but this one is. I am addicted. My favorite is pistachio.Negatives:-Brownies: they used to taste good but they must've started ordering new ones. They now just taste gross.-Coupons: they used to have buy one get one free or half off but they stopped it.
4	First self-serve yogurt place I've been to that has Snickers pieces for a topping. Sweet!  Other than that, it's your usual yogurt shop with a few selection of flavors and many different choices for toppings.  They even have a option where you can turn your yogurt into shake.  They have free wi-fi which is a plus and they have a small table and TV for kids to use.  It wasn't too busy for a Saturday night, but I've been here in the past and it usually is busy on the weekends.
