3	A dark, little basement bar, Grumpy's seem to be most fit for a quick stopover pint. This just doesn't strike me as a destination bar. Don't get me wrong, the bartender is nice and there was live music (and some dude playing a hockey stick-cum-musical instrument), but aside from that there is not too much going on in here.Standard prices for drinks, standard levels of cleanliness for a pub and standard patrons for a establishment close to downtown and McGill.If you are looking for a quiet, hole in the wall this might be your place. If you are looking for something a little more animated, wander up the street.
4	What a great little place. A friend and I recently visited Montreal and spent two of our three nights here. A super cozy, neighborhood joint.After spending almost $40 on two rounds of beer at some awful sports bar up the road, we followed a quartet of musicians into Grumpy's. The music was excellent, though I can't figure out exactly how the band worked. Whatever. A French horn. I'm sold.The bartender was extremely friendly and I have a sneaking suspicion that a round or two was on him, though I was beyond math when we stumbled out of there.
3	Casual venue with $4 pints of beer.   Nothing fancy but the people are really nice that work there and they seem to have a lot of regular customers who all know each other.  On Sunday we hit Trivia night after being upstairs at Comedyworks.  That was my first trivia night at a pub and it was fun.  Last night after the improv we popped down for a beer and there was a good jazz band playing.  Not too loud that you couldn't talk though.  Totally chill place with cheap drinks and nice people is A-OK for me.
3	A great little dive located in the heart of Montreal. Take a few steps down from the street into the bar; which is dark and dingy. There is usually a live band playing. The crowd is mid 20 to late 30 somethings. Typical Irish-dive bar atmosphere. Reasonable prices for the city. Enjoy a beer, cider or shot with friends and then hop on to the next dive.
4	This is a super cool bar on Bishop  with live music and good looking people.  In Montreal, one can have a hard time finding a place that's off the beaten path of douche-baggery, especially right ON the path of douche-baggery, (i.e. Ste- Catherine) but it's nice to know that amidst the "clubs" with covers and strip bars with striped shirts, there exists a place for fans of good music and good people.Definitely gonna make Grumpy's a  routine tour stop.
5	Love this cool, stoney, dim, half-underground hole in the wall bar run by family, and musician friends who are like an extended family. Downtown affordable, lots of live music, bluegrass jams, front and back terrasse.
4	This little bar is tucked down under bishop street's arm just off of St. Catherine street.I discovered this spot 9 years ago when I was invited to play some of my original songs at "Chick Pickin' Mondays" and haven't stopped going ever since.  Stays open late and the kind of place where everybody knows your name and the bartenders invite you over to their house  for dinner. Homebase to lots of local talented musicians and the quality of the music is as good as you would find anywhere else in town.
5	Come on down into Grumpy's and laugh with the hilarious staff, find your corner amid the stone walls and listen to local talent sing, strum their guitars or rock out on a ukulele.  The beer is plentiful and the prices are reasonable. It's downtown but a bit tucked away, so it almost feels like your own special bar.
4	Quaint little underground bar with stone walls and dim lighting that give you a warm, homey feeling, and two terrasses that allow you to enjoy the summer breeze or catch some fresh air. The staff are cool and welcoming, the beer is great and reasonably priced, and the live bands are always jammin'. Grumpy's is definitely a fun place to go for a few rounds with some good company!
4	Among my friends, this place seems to have a bit of a cult following. Most of the people I know who have been there consider it their favorite bar in the city. I haven't drunk the Kool-Aid, so to speak, but it's a pretty good bar, especially when it's warmer out and you can sit outside and marvel at the relative quiet on the block, especially when compared to Crescent St. just a stone's throw away.
4	The ambience of this place is cool. It's an Irish pub with a warm, friendly, and chill atmosphere. The bartender was nice. I'm not much of a drinker so I asked him to make something good for me and it was really good! Highly recommend!
4	Super cool place, glad to have spent some time here.  I like IPA's, and the barkeep said "yeah, we have that" and I was able to have a few.  Don't know the brand/brewer, it was just a matter of asking for a nice IPA.
4	So an American walks into an Irish Pub in a French-Canadian city... talk about your cultural cocktails. Despite 90% of the customers speaking French, you could mistake Grumpy's for a classic pub in New York, or Dublin for that matter.Underground, dark, chill... one TV off to the side just in case you want to watch something on TV... that's the way an Irish pub should be; heck, even the TV is optional.Bartender was great. Really nice, attentive, and quick.
