5	Next time you are doing your spring cleaning and find clothing or accessories nice enough to resell, rather than donate, head over to this re-sell store and trade in your old clothes for new(to-you) stuff!!The store is tiny, but is jam-packed with great clothes, shoes, purses, even jewelry for ladies, men and children. Prices are low and..... who knows? If you trade in items, you may come home with a new starter wardrobe for zilch! Come early in the day if you want to trade, though, as the trade counter gets really hectic afternoon.
1	Do not, I repeat, DO NOT go here!!!  On weekends, you will be forced to wait a minimum of TWO HOURS just for them to tell you what your stuff is worth, and even then you are likely to get less than $10. I had brand-new clothing and they gave me a whopping $3.50. Horrible customer service. Run, don't walk, from this place.
4	Today was the first time I went into the store, and I had a good experience. I sold some of my clothes and the rest that they weren't going to give you money for? They'll donate it for you! I got a decent amount of money for the things I sold and I didn't wait too long - 15 minutes was what they told me. I didn't time it though.While I was waiting, I looked around the store. It's small but it is packed with TONS of stuff. They have clothes from kids to maternity to toys. The organization of the place is OK. I just wish they had a designated area for bags or shoes, but it is small so I guess they have to make due. Overall, the staff was friendly. I got in and out in fairly quick. I got a decent amount for my clothes. It's definitely worth checking out every now and then to try to find some steals or to make some quick cash while cleaning out your closet.
5	I have seen this place a few times and have been dying to check it out for the longest time, but I was always either too early or too late. Today I was the shopping center in which "Twice as Nice" is located and was thrilled to see it was open. I walked in and was pleasently surprised by all the vintage trendy items. I was also surprised by how new and well kept all of the items were. The prices were also very low, it was great! I'm so excited with all my amazing finds. This little gem of a vintage store is so on the down low! You can even bring stuff to trade and use the credit for new clothing. The selection was adorable, those buyers do a great job! And it beats rummaging through piles of junk at other thrift stores. :)
3	I have been shopping this little store for about 4 years now off and on. I guess I have a love-hate relationship with this place. I have sold here a few times and they will take tons of stuff and not really give you much for it. The highest amount I have been given was about 30.00. The items are priced pretty low though. I have noticed that lots of the women's items are things from Target, Wal Mart and Pay Lessesque shoes. A lot of their purses seem outdated or like something my nana would use (not cool vintage nana). A lot of the clothes also seem a bit outdated and just as worn out. They recently started arranging "higher quality" clothing by tags in a separate part of the store (Forever 21, White House/ Black Market, Michael Kors) but despite the tags a lot of the clothes look as if they were used by a dog to sleep on. Also lots of the items seem to be the same old spaghetti strap, sparkly tank tops/shirts, shirts with supposed cute sayings on them and empire waist shirts that would make me look prego. BUT when I do come here I must admit I always walk away with something. It also seems that recently they have been having a 5.00 bag sale. People can fill up a bag of clothes for 5.00, they tend to have them on Saturdays and will announce the sale on their website. I have noticed they have cute kids things. They also sell maternity and mens clothing.
1	This place is sooo not worth it. They give you crap for trade credit and sell everything for WAY too much. I took in 2 bags of gently used toddler and young boys clothes, new books Thomas the tank engine, and 2 new Star Wars costumes. One with a lightsaber. They only took 1 toddler sweat shirt, half the books, a new Scrabble game and the two costumes and offered me $13 in trade or $6.50 cash. What a ripoff.
2	Grand Opening Day awhile back was accidently the day I went.  They'd had a fashion show or something ealier.  The fancy boy I dealt with at the selling counter was VERY RUDE to me.  I'd sold at the other location just fine in the past and wasn't expecting to be treated so meanly.  He treated me like I was bothering him even being there.  Sighing and tsking.  He made sure I knew the limit.  Not too many sacks per person (can't recall the limit).  Made sure I knew I'd be waiting for an hour or more.  Made sure I knew that if I brought my 2 toys in, that they probably wouldn't buy them (girl who looked thru my sutff DID wind up buying BOTH of my nice toys).  Perhaps he was tired and just didn't want to be there.  Hung over maybe?  I dunno.  I was disappointed with how much they bought, which was a lot, and the money I was offered.  1/2 the cash is a bit harsh.  I spent the trade cash on stuff there.  Nice selection.  Going to try again soon, though.  I'll hit all of the places that buy around town before giving it all away.  Okay place, but the silly kids behind the selling counter MUST be nicer.  It's not a fun job, but it could be tolerable with a better attitude.  What comes around goes around.  4 stars if the yucky personalities go away.
5	I liked this store when it was at the old location, but its even better at the new location. The inside of the store is nicely decorated and much brighter than any comparable store. I have purchased some very nice items like my Coach shoes and Juicy Couture Bag. Those are my favorite things that I've purchased from them so far! I can always find cute clothing that I would normally have to pay a lot more for. Its great being able to just clean out your closet just to get more new clothes!
1	If I could possibly give negative stars, I would. I love a good bargain and unique clothes & am certain you will not find either here. Really tacky clothes & cheap brands selling at 80% what you could buy them for new... I even came across garments that were frayed & holy. Save yourself some time & money & go to Goodwill instead.
5	I have completely changed my wardrobe BC of this place! I love it so much!
1	I would give 1 start for this store.I treated in 2 loads clothes recently in  there.I mean 2 LOADS.and they are like new.some clothes are kept in closet and even wear.I am like typle of person like to buy new stuff. .I sold my 2LOADS clothes.the girl told me I can have 90 $ store credit  or 26$ cash.I did not mean to buy anything or exchange anything from this store.because I dont like buy used clothes.but  the cash offer is supper low that I cant accept the cash . I also went Buffalo exchange one time,also sold my clothes they offered me I can have 50$ store credit or 35$ cash.I dont like twice as nice at all.and I looked around the clothes are looks bad and old.soooo I would never sell my clothes over there again.now I have 90$ store credit dont know what should to do.guess I will just post on internet sell someone fro cheaper.damn....
1	I came in today to trade some woman's apparel. When I arrived I carried my four bags and one box to the back of the store where the trade counter is. A young brunette girl asked me if I had ever traded here before and I told her no. She pointed to a clip board and said to read over the trade agreement. I was told it would be about 30min. As I browsed around the decently organized store and looked through the racks I noticed that majority of the merchandise was extremely out dated. I thought to myself well geeez they will have to take my "in style" higher end clothing. After looking around for about five min I sat down in a chair located right next to the trade counter. I watched the same girl talk to her co-worker for about ten minuets about total nonsense then she proceeded to go through her phone. I sat there staring at my untouched bags in front of her thinking about how many other things I could be doing. Shortly after this she dumped all my bags out on a long table without unfolding items she literally took handfuls of unfolded clothing and placed it back into the bags without even looking at it. I'm feeling annoyed at this point... But it gets better. As I'm still sitting waiting for her I look up to see she has disappeared, but all my clothes are still scattered all over the table. (Side note it's been over 45 min by this point) I wait... And wait.. After about 10min she returns to continue gossiping about other coworkers. Once again she is taking handfuls of clothes balling them up and stuffing them back into my bags without looking at them. As I'm literally rolling my eyes I look over to see her picture on the wall... Low and behold she's a "shift leader". You have got to be kidding me. She continues to shove my clothes in bags and walks away AGAIN! I wait for another 5 min to finally be called. When I reached the counter a nice middle aged women explained that they would be taking 15 items and that the trade amount would be "$15.75 store credit or cash would be $3.50." I had clothes that still had never been worn and your taking 15 items and you want to give me $3.50? Get real! I'd rather donate them. I told her no thank you and took all my clothing back. All in all my experience was not a good one. I won't be back and I highly recommend staying away from this place.
1	I brought in a box of clothes tonight to trade. I drove about 20 minutes to bring them in and I get to the back counter and the girls at the desk tell me they stop taking trades at 645. I look at my clock and it's 644. I would never purposely come in at a time like that, but they close at 8 so I never would have guessed they stop taking trades at 645. I tell them it's 644 and I just drove 20 minutes to come here. All I get is an I'm sorry! You would think in an economy like ours people in customer service positions would actually have customer service skills. It would have taken 15 minutes to sort through my things but they chose to send me away with an hour and fifteen minutes left before they closed. Won't be returning here!
1	I had the most unpleasant experience I have had in my life time. This place should not advertise that they recycle clothing. On the phone they said bring in anything and we will go thru it. They seemed to be almost  afraid of me. It took one woman over 3 hours to go thru my items. The time and results I received did not even pay for gas. Please do not waste your time.
1	I have frequently visited Twice as Nice before they moved when they were located at 43rd ave and Cactus and was always happy with it....until now.  I have purchased clothing and traded clothes there and received a decent credit and gave it to my teenage daughter that had no problem finding something that she liked.  However, today my daughter wanted to go and use the credit that she had from a previous trade and they had moved to 43rd ave and Peoria in the same parking lot as the Ross.  This location is not good and this is the reason I gave them one star.  It was really hot in there, I don't know if the A/C was broken of they just hadn't turned it on yet. There was a huge fan in the back of the store, but they didn't even have it turned on.  The location was dirty looking and smelled like the typical thrift store.  The dressing rooms were even hotter and laking clothing hooks to hang the clothes.   The clothing was not labeled with small, medium or large...only a very few of them had that.  This location was much smaller as well, so the selection was very small.  The staff was friendly, as usual.  The 43rd ave and Cactus location was much larger, with more of a selection and always very clean and smelt really good! Everything was always in its place and labeled and the dressing rooms were nice.  I don't know how long they have been open at the new location, so maybe they just haven't had the time to get everything up to par, hopefully they will do some extra work and give the location a little bit of "elbow grease" to make it more appealing.   I don't understand why they moved, but it wasn't a good choice.  The new location doesn't even have a sign saying who they are.  My daughter did manage to find some clothing while we were there.  Overall, due to ambience of the new location my daughter and I feel that we would not like to return to the new location, which is a shame.  I might wait awhile, return and see if anything has changed for the better.
