4	Pulled pork, dragon (beef), and chicken tacos were amazing and well priced! They are prepared with a layer of rice under the meat and toppings.
5	This place, is just amazing. They have the best asian inspired tacos I have ever had. Great service, great food, and great Prices.
5	Food trucks don't get better than this.  Serving tasty Asian-inspired food in hand-held soft tacos and burritos at a very reasonable price is brilliant!  No bowls, forks, chop sticks to worry about, lovely and personable "hostess" (Sandra?) to chat with while waiting - yumm on all accounts!  I was visiting Vegas on business and could have eaten in any restaurant on an expense account, but chose Dragon Grille's tacos after "experiencing" Fremont Street's scene and seeing the truck down a side street.  In fact, I brought a business associate the next night and he was equally impressed with the burritos we ordered.  Great food, prices and people!  Look for them!Actually, looking for them and checking out the tasty menu would be easier if they updated their website - hint, hint!  :-)Patrick
5	I decided to try one of their to-go dishes because I don't see too many food trucks around in Vegas. I tried Korean galbee and it was absolutely delicious! Their custom sauce on top of galbee sauce is just absolutely fantastic. I've been going back ever since for more. Definitely recommend. Also, the owners of the food trucks are very lovely people. Howard
4	While the cafeteria is being renovated at Mountain View Hospital, there are food trucks that set up shop for the day. I got lucky during my work shift and got to taste Dragon Grille for lunch. Upon walking about to the stand, The gal working erased the pork off of the board of available meats. She said they had just ran out. Darn. So my choices were the shredded beef and the chicken. The gal suggested that I do a combo of the two since I wasn't able to make up my mind. As for the sauces, they have 5 different kinds - ones I remember were the Korean Galbique, Hawaiian Shoyu and the Asian Sweet Chili.DG gal said that the Korean galbique was the most popular and her hubby's fave. Since I'm Korean, I opted for something else, so I got the Asian Sweet Chili. Creamy with a tad hint of sweetness - delish! I did crave some heat and thank goodness that they had pre-packaged sriracha sauces! The small bowl is $6 and the large is $8 for meat with your chosen sauce over white rice. Adding veggies is $1. Canned soda is also $1.I paid via credit card. They had an iPad that took payments. They can either print your receipt, email or text it. I thought that was kind of cool. Never had my receipt texted to me before!I was completely satisfied with my small bowl. I can't wait to go back and get me some more. Just wish they'd regularly come to Mountain View even after the cafeteria re-opens again!
3	Extremely clean and friendly food that stations around town offering the best in mobile lunch in Sin City. I love how awesome this lady owner interacts with her customers. She is a true hustler. Her husband, the chef, also a cool guy. They seem to have a good idea of what they want to offer and surely have everything organized. As for the food, I was not a huge fan. I had the chicken and shredded beef with two types of sauces on the side. I actually had a stomachache after this. I was sure never to try this place again but decided if they are ever in my area, I will give it another chance. Maybe it was something in the air and not the food that caused my stomachache pain......???? who knows....
4	Once again, Dragon Grille kills it at a great event at BOH Brawl lastnight. Had a quick bite to eat before the chef battle/ Always good food from Dragon Grille. Highest quality for sure- All night, couldn't even see them since there was a crowd of people surrounding them! Great job, Keep up the good work!
5	So all of the insane options at Foodie Fest my boyfriend and I visited Dragon Grille on our second round of eats.And trust me we RAVED about those tacos.He had the chicken teryaki and I had the brisket with the sweet hot type sauce. Can't remember the name, oh well they said it was new anyways.My lanta.Those tacos were both equally amazing.I scoffed at his bland selection only to be amazing at how satisfying it was.Mine was though by far the winner. Even my non foodie boyfriend has been grumbling for more since the event two weeks ago. Can't wait to see them at StrEats.Definitely a worth while stop!
5	Holy tacos!  My first stop while visiting Vegas StrEATS and we ordered the Asian infused tacos with brisket and my life is forever changed.  One taco and a little sriracha and I am hooked. Totally quality food.  The meat had huge flavor.   I have a new favorite food truck!  Holla!  The chickie with the cute accent that greets you in the front was such a sweetheart and she could have talked us into anything. LOL  I honestly could have had several tacos but my peeps wanted to try a few different things from other trucks however the thought of this taco is still lingering in my head.  I can't wait till then next time we meet Dragon Grille.  Thanks!
5	great service, had the korean beef rice bowl. please tell me where this truck will be so i can eat it all. yummmmmm
5	If your looking for a quick bite to eat, or some one to supply fabulous food at your party; look no further! I was fortunate enough to enjoy Dragon Grille before they relocated their food truck to various business and events around Las Vegas. My words can only describe a TASTE of what Dragon Grille has to offer. With their various yumyum sauces (as I would like to call them) added to either chicken or beef you can be satisfied for hours. Soft, sticky, japanese, sushi-grade, white rice pillows your choice of pulled beef or chicken. You can add fresh, steamed veggies as well. It is your choice of six different sauces to drizzle or drench the already succulent meat in. Obviously, being asian myself, I add Sirracha as well as either the sweet chili or galibicue (dragon) sauce to my chicken dish. With a small bowl you can get away with spending only 7 dollars and waiting about 5 min for your food to be prepared. It doesn't get any better than that!
5	Found Dragon Grille at foodie fest and went back there again and again. Super nice people and the food was just amazing. Everything we ate, we compared to their Korean beef taco with galbi q sauce. I went home with a rice bowl even. Instant new favorite
5	Tried the Hawaiian Shoyu Chicken Tacos and Sweet Asian Chili Beef Tacos...AMAZING!!!! A definite repeat eat!!!!
5	Stopped by Dragon Grille while it was at the Foodie Fest at Silverton Casino. Tried the pork tacos with chipotle sauce. They were delicious. A good balance of ingredients. Nothing over powered anything else and it all worked very well together. I am looking forward to trying the sliders that were offered the next time I eat here. The fact that they have 6 different sauces to mix and match with the meat options makes this a place to go back to. I highly recommend Dragon Grille to anyone wanting to try Asian Fusion cuisine!!
5	My wife and are now regulars and love their asian tacos! I always get the brisket with the chipotle galbi sauce, best tacos ever and at a great price!
5	Tacos are absolutely delicious.  I have not once eaten here without being 100% satisfied. I have tried the chicken, the beef brisket, amd the pork and mutiple sauces and have loved them all! Super friendly staff and great food. Can't beat it!!
5	Super holy delicious! This is a must try. Their Asian fusion tacos are amazing.   I may have to drive around and follow them wherever they go.
5	They were posted up off Decatur and a friend recommended we try it out, so the wife and kiddo and I tried some Dragon Grille tacos. Christian helped us decide by allowing us to taste some of their made-from-scratch sauces before ordering. They ranged in spiciness levels and were flat out delicious.I love the Asian fusion thing they've got going on, the truck was clean, staff was friendly and I will definitely try to catch up with them again.
5	By far my Favorite Food Truck!!! Clean, Fast & Friendly Service! The Korean Brisket Ricebowl with Chipotle Galbi Q sauce and Dragon Fries is what I always get! So delicious, always on point! can't wait to try the other items on the menu!
5	Wow amazing TACOS!!! I crave them all the time. The sauce is the best... I had the beef ones with chiptole sauce.. I wish they could be every where all the time. And they have the best customer service. Oh and i just tried the dumpling those are really good too.
