5	Buffalo chicken was excellent!  Taco was great and the kids had the mammas. Outside seating was perfect on such a nice day.
4	We went here for a dinner celebrating our Twin girls birthday.  It was a very nice space, setup similar to a Noodles and Company.  The specialty is mac n' cheese and they have many variations.  The food was delicious, without a doubt.The windows were really bright though and we found ourselves sweating from the setting sun pouring into the west facing windows.  The manager told us shades were on the way.Highly Recommended and we will visit again.
4	Great lunch spot near Costco and target.  We tried the buffalo chicken as well as momma's Mac & cheese,  both were very good.  Open and airy location and they bring your meals to you if you are dining in.We will return to try more things including the four cheese melt which I'm told is excellent.
4	First time I stopped I got it to go.  I opened it as soon as I got to my car and it was Luke warm.  Tasmte wise it was good but I like my macNcheese warmer.  The second time here I had the Popeye with spinach, mushroom and onion.  We ate at a table and everything was piping hot.  Husband had the buffalo chicken and loved it.  He isn't a Mac and cheese type of guy but he said he would ce back.  Three kids had the regular child's Mac and cheese with hi milk, chips and apple slices.  Everyone cleaned their plate except my husband who ordered the papa size Mac and cheese.
2	Tried this restaurant for the first time tonight. For some reason, we thought it would be similar to Noodles & Company. Our food was okay but it seemed overpriced for the portion size. Probably won't go back.
4	Went on opening day with my two kids.  I ordered the Memphis, and the kids got a regular and a mama's.  when the food came out, they brought me the chicken bacon ranch rather than the Memphis.  but they quickly corrected that and let me keep the CBR Mac.  Everything was really good.  Not the cheapest, but it was plenty of food and it was fast.  I'll definitely be back!
4	We had a lunch date here a couple of weeks ago. Good amount of food for the price. And the food was delicious. It was served in a timely fashion for a lunch hour meal. Only complaint was lack of seating. We had to stand and wait for a table to open up, and got seated at an outside table just before our food came. We were lucky that it was nice out that day, not sure how this will go over come winter time or on rainy days.
5	We tried Mac's for the first time tonight for dinner. The decor is nice, modern/rustic. There was outdoor seating, but we chose to sit inside. Similar to Noodles, but all of the dishes are based on macaroni and cheese. There are 2 sizes: regular ($5.25-6.95) and Mac Daddy ($7.25-9.95). They also have melt sandwiches served with chips and a pickle ($5.50-8.25). There were a few wedge salad options ($6.25-6.95) and desserts (cookies, cheesecake, chocolate cake). I accidentally ordered the wrong dish. I ordered by the wrong number. When the food came out, I realized my error. I felt terrible and apologized to the server. She was very nice and assured me it was no trouble to make the dish I originally wanted. They made my dish quickly and the kitchen staff ran it out to our table right away. The food is delicious. I had the Popeye Mac and my boyfriend had the Chicken Bacon Ranch Mac. They were served in iron skillets. Hearty and flavorful. Definitely come to this restaurant on your cheat day! The chocolate cake was wonderful. The Mac Daddy size is generous. We ate half of our meals and brought the other halves home. If you are a big eater, you may end up eating the whole meal. We will come here again.
4	Does a great job at what is supposed to do: make great Mac and cheese. I tried the buffalo chicken. Would instantly eat here again.
2	I had high hopes for Macs but unfortunately, the food didn't really do much for me. I ordered the Jalapeno Popper Mac and Cheese and the Taco Wedge salad as a to-go order. The Wedge salad was pretty basic with iceberg lettuce, a few sliced tomatoes, shredded cheese, and ground beef. There wasn't anything extraordinary about the ground beef flavoring and they forgot to include the side of sour cream. The Jalapeno Popper Mac and Cheese had okay flavor from the peppers but was fairly lack-lusterous otherwise. I realize that Mac and Cheese should be cheesy, but this was entirely too heavy on the different cheeses for my liking. At one point, I got an entire spoon full of cream cheese... The description of the dish didn't provide the noodle type but I believe they were rigatoni noodles which aren't my favorite for mac and cheese either.As far as pricing goes, they are overpriced for "Fast-Casual" dining. The "Daddy Mac" is the largest size and is still smaller than the "Regular" size at Noodles. The "Daddy Mac" cost was $8.25 compared to $5.59 at Noodles. My total order was around $17.00 including a drink which seems pricey for a bowl of pasta and an iceberg salad.The atmosphere of the restaurant is nice with both indoor and outdoor seating. The staff was courteous, my food was promptly prepared and they seem to have a variety of food selections. I may consider giving one of the other dishes a try, but for the money and taste, I'm still a loyal Noodles and Company customer.
4	I am in love.  It is like the Chipotle of mac and cheese. I fight every urge to go there daily. I ordered the mac and cheese with pulled pork. I skipped the extra sauce because I did not want it too liquidy. It was a marvelous option. The pork and the mac was paired well. I would have skipped the onion straws. They were unneeded and a little too overpowering.My only negative point?  The base mac is the same. It is only the toppings which differ. Perhaps, they could try a different base and change up the cheese mix.The price is a touch high but you REALLY do get a good chunk of food.I did not try the salads but I saw them. They looked a little basic/small for the price. Truthfully, I am not going to this place unless I get Mac and Cheese. My advice?  Go with someone, get a couple and share to try them all!
5	Fantastic food and different than the every day normal chains. Employees are friendly and always helpful with any questions. I wish there were a couple more locations closer to our house but when we travel....its worth the extra stop.
4	If you want Mac N Cheese, this is pretty good stuff. My favorite is the Jalepeno popper or the Buffalo Chicken version. Both very tasty. My wife likes the Taco Mac.Portion size: Honestly, the "regular" dish looks pretty small at first. But it's pretty heavy, rich food. Finish the whole thing and you should NOT be hungry. Kid friendly, as long as your kids are ok with something that includes real cheese, not the watery blue box mac that my kids like.
5	Great food. I had the Buffalo Chicken Mac and it was fantastic. The iron skillet keeps the food hot. And the prices are reasonable.
3	I've been here twice.  The first time I tried the Memphis Mac and the second was Popeye Mac.  The Memphis Mac has pulled BBQ pork, that and the other toppings really took a normal cheesy noodle to the next level.  I really enjoyed the Popeye as well but felt that it'd be better with more spinach.  This is a good place to go if you want some comfort food but don't want to put in the cooking time.
3	If you want Mac N Cheese - this is the place.  Their mac n cheese is quite good.  And by good I mean rich and tasty.  It's pretty heavy so I don't think it's something I can fit in to my regular repertoire of restaurants, but if I am looking for some good comfort food this would be my go to place.
4	This was our first trip to Macs. The counter staff was pleasant and accommodating. I had the baked potato which was delicious, cheesy in a good way. The ingredients were fresh and plentiful. Bacon,chives, and potatoes sat atop a huge portion of Mac and cheese. The noodles were perfectly cooked! Way too much food for me. My wife had the Popeyes. It was also delicious but more less generous with the spinach. The menu has a great deal of variety.We will be back!
4	Went Saturday night with wife and daughter. They were busy. Daughter had the regular mac and cheese, wife had the chicken bacon ranch(mac daddy) and I had the Philly steak(mac daddy). Food came out in about 15 minutes so not too bad for being busy. All three dishes were good and liked. Chicken bacon ranch was the best of the bunch. Get's a little pricey, but with the price of cheese and ingredients nowadays, i can understand somewhat. And you do not have to tip. Fairly nice layout, but was very cold temperature wise when we were there. Probably will be a once every 6 weeks or so type of place in our out to eat budget.
5	The service and food was delicious. It is great to have such a great restaurant in Sun Prairie and this definitely is the place to be. I had the Mac and cheese and a grilled cheese chicken sandwich with bacon. The chips complimented the dish along with the pickles. I recommend this place highly and will be attending again.
5	Oh my gosh the best birthday lunch on planet! It was so delicious.I got the chicken bacon ranch mac & cheese and my date got the pulled pork mac & cheese and they were both phenomenal. The mac & cheese was very creamy and was bubbling hot when I came to the table. We both got the regular sizes instead of the Mack daddy size. Which was plenty of food to fill us up.The atmosphere is very casual and open and on this particular day a little cold so you may want to bring a coat or a sweatshirt to warm up.I will definitely be returning for more mac & cheese!
