3	Though we'll typically head over to Lowe's on Albemarle, because it's just closer, from time to time we'll get down to this location on Independence/51 instead.If you were to compare the two, they are almost identical in size - I'm not going to say that they are the same down to the inch or anything, just that neither seems to be obviously smaller than the other.Service and selection at the two stores seems to be pretty similar as well.  Typically we just go to one or the other based on where we are (if we're out and about) or if one happens to be out of something so we'll swing by the other one.
3	I need to update this review.  But it's really almost an entirely new review, because this update isn't about the store.  It's about the bathroom.  You read that right.  The bathroom.At the risk of providing too much information (yes, in the day of Twitter, I am providing too much information), I decided to use the bathroom at Lowe's the other day.I don't often use the bathroom in stores.Scratch that.  I don't think that I ever use the bathroom in stores.  What I meant to say is that I rarely use stores bathrooms while I'm shopping.  Hopefully that conveys the thought a bit better.But there are times when you have to go, and when you have to go, you have to go.  So I did.  I was a bit surprised to find that the facilities at Lowe's - at least this Lowe's - are impressive.  There are half a dozen stalls (all automatic), as well as an automatic sink, which actually supplies warm water.  Very nice indeed.At least as impressive (if not more so) was the fact that the toilet paper was a nice, two-ply variety, rather than the slick, one-ply variant that you find at so many public toilets.  Another nice surprise.What was equally interesting was that the place was busy.  I mean slammed.  In my quick trip to the loo (I always wanted to say loo), there had to be a dozen others that also used the place.  No wonder they need such a large one.The only real downside was that the position of the toilet paper dispenser was such that it almost knocked your shoulder out of joint when you sat down.  Very uncomfortable.  Maybe they don't want you to enjoy it too much.
4	I've gone to this store for my home-improvement needs and some paint.  The store is always clean and pretty organized (similarly to their competition across the way).  This is a pretty busy location and it is set back some in the shopping center.  You can easily spot it off of Independence, but getting there is another story.  Sycamore Commons shares an intersection with the Independence/HWY51 ramp so sometimes the intersection can be a pain in the butt.  And once you get in theres a couple of 4-way stop intersections in the parking lot that shows NC drivers in-ability to negotiate intersections that don't have traffic lights.I digress... the people that work here are pretty friendly and I haven't really had a bad experience with Lowes yet.  I'm still a fan of their "Lowes...T" price adds where various objects form a "T" over the Lowes sign.  I'm just geeky like that.
5	I had no idea Lowes had a clearance isle. Did YOU? I bought my new Samsung French-door fridge from there AND my new Bosch convection microwave oven! OVER HALF PRICE is what they were on clearance for-both returns and in outstanding working order AND still under a FULL Warranty. And the best part? We got extra discounts because we asked! All you have to do is ask! I was completely floored by how helpful and friendly everyone was that we dealt with. And we bought those 2 appliances on 2 separate occasions, therefore had different folks helping us. They were GREAT! Thanks to Karen, especially-for the sweet deal on the fridge! Love lowes!
5	Everyone there is so helpful and my trip there both times were super quick. Great store and great customer service.
3	It's Lowe's - what do you expect?  Service has been decent, but sometimes I get opinions from their "experts" I know are inaccurate, which is a bit discouraging.  In fact, I was sold a lawnmower that the sales guy said "buy this one if you want a rear wheel drive...blah blah" - so I did, that's what I wanted, a rear-wheel drive mower.Get 'er home? it's front wheel drive.  I gave it the ole' college try, but my lawn has hills, and front wheel drive mowers just don't cut it on the hills.  So redeemingly enough (redeemingly - I don't think that's a word, but I digress) I took it back after 3 or 4 mows.  It's a dirty, used mower, and they took it back, no questions asked.  Full refund, so I could go back there, and do what I should have done in the first place.  Read the dang descriptions on the mowers instead of listening to the sales guy!
1	We had a fence installed. It was supposed to follow the property lines. It is 6 feet from the property line in places and tapers in at the back in a very odd shape. Now I have to drag lawn equipment outside the fence to maintain that area as well. Company is useless at dealing with customer complaints. The installer was very quick to tell me that he does not work for Lowes. I made multiple complaints and had to constantly call to follow up. Many calls later and I was told Lowes feels my fence is fine and they will not fix it. Now I hate my yard and can't enjoy it. Worst waste of money ever. I will never rs hop at Lowes again or recommend them to anyone. When we renovate next year I won't buy as much as a nail from this awful company.
1	Just left Lowes and had a horrible customer service experience. The CS answered one of several questions I had and walked away. After hitting the "help" Byron twice and waiting for another 15 I bought none of the materials I need for the project. I'll hit up the local hardware company tomorrow. That level of service is unacceptable.
4	I come here often for my random home improvement needs. I never need any special services (installation, etc.), so I can't speak about those. I rarely ask employees for assistance, so I can't speak to their helpfulness. However, the store is clean and well-organized, the employees are friendly, and it is easy to find what I'm looking for.
