5	Great prices for purchases, and even better then great for bulk purchases. The staff is friendly and the facilty is clean, which is something i always like to make a note of and share. Great place to pick up cleaning equipment and chemicals in large amounts.
3	As a restaurant owner, I am always looking for places to get food/supplies. This place is good for some things, but not for others. Do not go for beverages. There is no deal whatsoever here. Really? A case of vitamin water for $32? It's cheaper buying per bottle at the grocery store with a rewards card. U usually can find deals at Vons, Smiths, etc. for like 10/$10. However they do have items that you can't find at those places like 50lb bag of flour, deep fryer oil, and paper products like take-out containers, 18"x1000' aluminum foil and quantities of cups etc. Their BBQ sauce selection is a bit lacking, but I am a BBQ sauce freak. The condiment aisle is my favorite one in a grocery store. On the plus side, no membership is needed. It's definetly worth a trip. I will be going for the paper goods.
5	Not as massive as Sam's Club or Costco, but they doo have comparable prices, a great selection and no membership required. The store is well organized and there has never been a back up at the register. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Every single time I come here, there is always a staff member that asks if I need assistance. I work right down the street for a restaurant and they have just what we need when we can't go to our regular supplier .. its so convenient. So much stuff in bulk.  Now its not Sams club or Costco nor is it trying to be -- but it does the trick for us.
3	I usually only go here to get cups for my job.  They always have them available!
3	Being price conscious and doing some comparison shopping is the key to having a good experience with Smart & Final's LV locations. If you read up on the origins of this chain of stores then you know what their strengths are: Bulk items. Need 5 lb bags of shredded cheese or a 1000 ct roll of deli wrapping paper? They have it. Want 3 gallon containers of Rocky Road ice cream? Yes, they have it (I looked at it but no I didn't buy it). To find the best deals in this store all you gotta do is typically look down at the bottom shelf and check out the bulk items. And if you're willing to put some trust in their house brand: First Street, you can save some serious $$$. Would I buy produce here? No, I don't think that the quality is as good as I can find elsewhere and their selection is kinda pathetic. I won't buy dairy here either as like someone else wrote, they keep some gallons of milk that are a little too close to the expiration date for my liking. Service: Well I only had to wait 2 minutes to check out, and the service was friendly and fast. The best advice I can give anyone is to walk the store once. Go in, scout it out, then go on and do your normal shopping. For me when I did that as I walked through Costco, Sams Club, Winco, and Vons I saw where Smart & Final's bulk buying could save me time and money on several things. Overall: 3 Stars...going to split this one right down the middle. (And one more thing. Smart & Final used to have stores in Denver but they had to leave Colorado due to a bad business plan. The Vegas stores are what they should have rolled out to Colorado, if they had done I suspect they would still be doing business there.)
4	Every single time I come here, there is always a staff member that asks if I need assistance. I work right down the street for a restaurant and they have just what we need when we can't go to our regular supplier .. its so convenient. Now its not Sams club or Costco nor is it trying to be -- but it does the trick
4	What happened?  There must be some very happy CEO of this company because they certainly know how to do things RIGHT!Before - You needed a member card, you needed to present it to check out or type your phone number, the layout of the store was odd, and difficult to navigate. It was just not inviting.Today - The store is totally redone. The flooring is so shiny and nice in a cement kinda way.  All aisles are redone and in the same direction. Much easier to shop and go up and down.  A bit wider too, so you are not "stuck" around other patrons.  The selection is great, pricing is great and  you no longer need your card!I say, check this place out for the basics that you need. This is a place that for your basic foods with preservatives like cereal, snacks, chips, all that stuff, it is great. They are a bit weak on produce and vegetables, but they have a decent selection.
4	If you come in here and buy in bulk, such ask candies, they have a really good selections of brand names for cheap, other than that, don't come here, because it can get expensive
4	The fruit  that was out was not as fresh as I would have liked.  The lady working seen me picking through it and told me she had fresh fruit coming out for me. Thought that was pretty considerate and it was a lot better!
