4	Okay....my review for this one is the same as the other one on Bell...they are pretty much identical except there is more parking at this location....and occassionally you get a distracted server....but for the most part the service is good.I only ding it a star for the singing.  As with all of this style restaurant they do the obnoxiously loud birthday singing that makes you have to pause your conversation and wait, and wait...and...they seem to average 3-5 birthdays per meal that I have there.  How about a little cake and candle and a nice simple, "Happy birthday!"The food is great and there is a variety of dishes...something to please everyone...vegetarians, experimental eaters, the burger guy, and me -- the picky one.   Dan mentioned that he didn't like the fancy stuff -- they actually have a big thing on their menu that asks you to just tell them how you want it -- you can pick out what type of bun, what goes on it, etc.  So...if you don't want a fancy bun, ask for a plain one, no one bats an eye.They have a dangerous thing -- unlimited french fries.  For a whopping 49 cents you can make them unlimited garlic fries.Also...if you ask they will bring you a side of onion straws or fries while you wait for your meal...so far they've always been free.
1	I have been going to various Red Robin restaurants  since about 1990 and have for the most part been satisfied with the food and service.Today however, this was not the case. This is the second time that I have been to this location and was a little underwhelmed the first visit by the service, not the food. I know this happens so decided to stop by here to satisfy a burger craving.We were seated and waited 12 minutes before we were approached by our server. I was shocked that she was our server because she had been assisting the two neighboring tables and never acknowledged us. Anyway...she took our drink orders and returned a few minutes later with the drinks and took our food order. I ordered my usual ( cheeseburger with bleu cheese, cooked well) the husband ordered the same . The lady that delivered the food was very nice and offered to get us ranch for our fries...that was nice of her.My burger had a cold bun...I frowned and thought..well..as long as the meat is cooked and hot I can overlook it, and it was and I dug in. The husband took a bite and spit his out...it was cold..the bun and the burger, plus it was raw inside...not a little pink....it was raw. We got our servers attention after about 10 minutes ( she only had 2 other tables by the way). She apologized and offered to correct the situation...the new burger was delivered and was fine. By this time we had been out of drinks for a while and really needed to quench our thirst...but our server was nowhere to be found. She finally comes over..after being prompted by us raising our hands...LOL...why did I raise my hand??? Imma dork. We let her know we would like some refills on our drinks and some extra fries...away she goes.5 minutes later our fries arrive...not form her...from another worker. We waited...waited....waited....20 minutes have now passed. We see our server offer to box the people's food next to us, she brought their check, she served another table their refills, came back to the other table and bullshitted for a few minutes. At this point I was pissed and saw a manager and motioned for him to come over..explained the ordeal...and he comped 50% of the bill...thanks Alex that was nice of you...I wish we could have left you the tip and not her. He brought us the check...she totally avoided us for the rest of the time we were there.So...Alisha....your job is to be a server. This means that you take food and drink orders, deliver food, refill drinks, and make sure that we have a pleasant dining experience. I know that I pride myself in my job...and when I make a mistake I will be the first to admit and try to make ammends. I am not being harsh or rude...this is just basic skills that a person in this job should have. I know not everyone will have a knock out personality...or huge boobs, or a great smile. But Alisha...come on ...you could have at least apologized for the oversight.The conclusion is that I will NEVER go to this particular RED ROBIN...thanks to Alisha...it would just be awkward to have to see her again. I will continue to go to the one off 99th and McDowell...and then soon they will have one even closer to me...OOH JOY !!!P.S. The one star is for the nice manager that genuinely felt bad about our experience and the nice lady that offered the ranch.
4	I've always had a good experience at this Red Robin. I usually go with friends or a date and get fries when we place our drink order. The food is always hot and correctly prepared. The tables can be a little dirty and the service a bit slower than I'd like but overall it's a great place to get a veggie mushroom swiss burger.
2	A completely mediocre chain restaurant that is starting to show its age.  The burgers are parodies of extremes.  For example, today I ordered a "Whiskey River BBQ" hamburger.  The only river involved was the river of onion fries that were stacked an inch thick on the sandwich.  I know, I can take them off, but honestly who makes a sandwich like this?Since my family and I have been here before, I knew not to expect good service, but this location in particular just continues to dissapoint.  I think this trip was my final "never again" realization.  They are not getting any better.  Move along, nothing to see here.
3	I'm going to have to agree with a couple of the previous reviews regarding the mediocrity of this place. I've never been thrilled with their burgers, but then again it's been difficult for me to find anything in the US matching the quality of burgers with "the works" from Artarmon Seafoods (http://www.eatability.com.au/au/sydney/artarmon_seafoods/). We've been to Red Robin several times, probably for the same reason as lots of other people (we have a kid, they have balloons and kid-friendly food). I haven't had a problem with the place up until our last couple of visits. Time before last, they forgot my kid's meal completely - where we usually say that we'd prefer the kid's food out first with our appetizers if at all possible. Last time, the dude just didn't seem to care - we got our food on time and the usual "how is everything?" a couple of minutes later, then absolutely no attention until the bill was dropped on the table, despite our glasses emptying out pretty quick and despite them BEING empty at the time of bill droppage. When he returned to collect the ticket we had to ask for refills in to-go cups. Now, I've never done food service in my life but we all know how it works, right? Take drinks and appetizer, deliver them, take orders, deliver them, and continually scan and visit the table for refills and any additional requests as appropriate whilst smiling and at least giving the appearance of caring. There is also the potential to wring an extra dollar or two out of us for interacting with the 2-year-old and keeping knives and hot plates out of his way when setting them on the table. The guy barely missed a penny tip.For some reason this place's quality is starting to slide. Considering the lack of food options on the far west side that's a big concern. El Paso is closed, Ritters is closed, the kebab place on Reems closed ages ago, Rio Cafe is mexican crap, Amuse Bouche charges like a wounded bull for pretentious French food (ditto Big Buddha, except their food isn't pretentious per se, just overpriced), Macayo's gave about four people from my work INCLUDING ME food poisoning, that Hawaiian place on corner of Reems and Bell actually had a waiter go M.I.A. while serving our table, Red Robin is turning to shite - lights are winking out in Surprise and I'm not pleased about it. Pei Wei shouldn't have to bear the entire gastronomic burden of the city yeah.RR gets 3 stars this time because the food remains okay. They get one more change AFAIC, make or break. I'll revise the review next time we go.
3	Heavy. That's the first word that came to mind when I looked at the menu. My sister really likes the California burger & my daughters friends worship the milkshakes there. I guess you just have to be in the mood, & by you I mean me :)I had the chicken tortilla soup, which was good & a small Caesar salad, which was average.
4	Just like any chain, people expect the best! But hold on here! This is a chain! You want the best service then go to a fifty to hundred dollar a plate joint. Burgers are very good, one of the best for a restaurant chain. Menu has a very wide selection. Note: If you eat outside in the patio, they tend to forget about you. So you must have patients! Service here is like any other low price chain. It can be up or down. We like it here enough to come back often.
2	Well...I just paid a little over $27 for two sandwiches that just may have been the worst burgers I've ever had in my 32 years.  After seeing the promo pictures for the "Big Bacon Burger" I figured I was in for a delicious meal!  Perhaps it is just me, but when I spend $10 for a low quality beef, burger and only taste BBQ sauce, I'm left a bit one on the unhappy side.  I could have spent 1/10 of the money and been more satisfied at McDonald's.  I'm not sure I have to mention the annoying service you get, but unless your nation CHAIN has just opened, you don't need to ask if I have ever dinned here before.  I think I can figure out how a lazy, uninspired burger joint works on my own.
4	My 17 year old is a MONSTER FAN!!  YUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMM!!! So he gets 3 of the 5 stars.  He would heat there daily if he was allowed to and as long as he had someone paying for it.   Since I am paying for it I will say, I LOVE the drinks. The food isn't above average or really anything to write home about. The service is a big deal for me and I was impressed with the service.  Our waitress and two others were very friendly and actually kept us giggling through out the meal.It isn't a top choice on my list but when I am feeling generous I let my son pick the dinner spot. It is better than Chilis or TGIF....but not my top choice of dinner runs.
3	This place was pretty packed on a friday night. We waited about 20 mins or so.  The server was pretty good, but swamped but made every effort to get us what we needed quickly :)  I didn't realize fries were basically unlimited when we ordered a basket of fries and he kept apologizing that he couldn't get us them, and I couldn't understand why until someone told me haha.Any how the burger I got, the Big Melt Bacon burger, was pretty good but not as tender as I would have liked.  It was a bit overcooked but still decent.   The tower of onion rings is always great and we had strawberry lemonade that had a bunch of real strawberries in it!  It was soooo good with unlimited refills, they even made us a take home cup so we could have more on the way home!  Well worth the money to get that lemonade!If you join the club, you get every 10th item for free which is nice.
2	Red Robin would be a great place if we lived in a world where the number one killer was not heart disease. Sure the burgers, fries and whatever are tasty but this is 2012. Once McDonald's starts a healthy menu that is a good sign you should too. On a rare occasion I am fine with pigging out and eating 3500 calories. But this place does not give you an option. Your only choice is to enjoy a meal and take a year off your life. The Red Robin I went to had very friendly staff, they even made the kids balloons. However on a corporate level you have to take some responsibility and either change out the tables for treadmills you can sprint on while you eat or add a healthy menu.
4	If the goal is burgers and fries this place hits the nail on the head. It's tasty and doesn't pound your wallet. Cheap beer as well if you like to imbibe. Good hangout with a good friend.
3	Took Collin here for lunch today. Out server was awesome. He had refills before he was even ready. We never had to ask, which was nice. The food was ok. I have eaten here way too many times and never had a burger before. Today was my first, it was ok. They got his order right, and if you know my kids, that's a huge deal. Overall a good choice. I'll stick to the other food on the menu next time we go. The burgers are good, but not $12 good. :)
4	Daughter and I decided to have dinner together, knowing this is one of her favorite place to eat. I figured this would have been her choice! I never really had a favorite dish at red robin, even though I do enjoy trying their variety of hamburgers! But I have been noticing that I have been ordering their fried chicken salad lately! I truly enjoy this plate, now of course it must have honey mustard dressing! Daughter had the same thing but with ranch, and we shared an order of fries with no salt! First time in a long time I really enjoyed having dinner with her, no i-phone!! Pet peeve of mine! If you are going to spend some time with someone! Stay of the F-n phone!!! You can text them later!!! There! Got it off my chest!!! Let's get back to Red Robin, great place to hang out, has a nice bar area, and good service!
3	Love the blue cheese burger
1	I just don't understand how this place has stayed in business. The prices keep going up (Whiskey River Burger is now $9.59), the burgers get smaller and the food gets worse. I can't say the burger is bad it just isn't good. It is mediocre at best and they charge $10 for it. Personally I think it is insane for what they offer. I would rather have a $6 burger at Carls Jr or better yet - and by far - go to Five Guys and get a great burger that makes this place look like McDonalds. Unless someone drags me here - last time. Not worth my money.
5	Great people. Very friendly staff The food is fantastic. Great burgers
3	Food was good. Servers and staff were excellente! Red Robin also offers so many unlimited deals too... free refills on root beer float (and they let you take a to-go cup), free refills on fries, free refills on fancay dranks whaa. But two people in our group suffered a severe case of food poisoning or something like that after eating here. The meat was definitely undercooked.
4	If you enjoy a great salad of generous portion, Red Robin is for you.  Fresh, crispy and delicious.  Burgers are just par and a little pricey, but the salads are top notch.
4	Red Robin has a nice selection of burgers. Love the basic bacon cheese burger. mustard and ketchup. The ol americana.   Drink prices are decent on happy hour.  Many cheaper choices. But if you want to sit and enjoy a juicy burger and a beverage this is a great spot. Staff is always attentive. Manager always visits our table and asks if all is okay.   Thumbs up here
3	We eat at Red Robin at least 12 times per year - and celebrate every birthday in my 7 person family here as well. Personally, I LOVE RR burgers. The food is always excellent - never a complaint from me. I have to say that in all the years I've been eating at RR (in Massachusetts and the last 2 years in Surprise) I cannot understand why the prices keep increasing and the portions seem to be dwindling. Probably the most obvious is this silly "Gladiator Cuff) that they just started using for the fries... it hold about 15 fries and is a perfect way to make it so that you get less.The Surprise location seems to have an incredible employee turn-over. When we live in MA, we had the same server for almost 1-year. Here in Surprise, we have had a different server every time we've gone. The service struggles desperately at the Surprise location. We always visit with 7-8 people in our party, and that in-itself is an undertaking for any server, I know. But I'm constantly amazed at how many times we have to ask for refills, or ask for more baskets of fries, or long waits for shakes, or long waits for napkins. Two months ago, our server was so bad that I had to complain to the manager that we had been seated for 45 mins and hadn't received our meals - he then took on the role of our server.It really is kind of sad when we all say "Let's go to Red Robin" and the conversation then goes into the bad service experiences we've had in the past 2-years. I hope they get a handle on this because we really are loyal customers.
5	Red Robin Yummm!!! I love this place! Every time, our server is very personable, The food is hot when we receive it, our drinks are always being refilled, the atmosphere is amazing! It's not too crowded, the bathrooms are clean I don't really have anything to complain about this place!! five stars!!  two thumbs up!!
4	I've tried just about every burger on the menu and each one was amazing. You cant go wrong ordering food here. Not quite 5 stars, but close.
2	We went out for a nice family dinner tonight and unfortunately Amy was our server. It seems like every time we get her the service is slow. Amy is friendly however she needs to pick up the pace a bit. Tonight we waited more than 10 minutes for her to take our drink order. Good food, that's what keeps us coming back. Ask for John as your server, he is the best.
5	We had the best experience we have ever had at ANY restaurant!! Our server was John, he was by far the best server we have ever had! I can't say enough how amazing this guy is. We will always request him now. The food was good, but our service made this the best dinner ever!
3	Went here for lunch on a Tuesday I would say the food was pretty good my fries were nice and hot and burger was great too. However the service sucked I felt like I kept asking our server for everything...."can I get a refill" "can I get more fries" " our check please and a to go box". She was so unfriendly maybe she was having a bad day.
1	Arrived to host who sneezed on his wrist. Seated and found service to be extraordinarily weak. No water, but another waitress alerted us twice that our server will be with "shortly". It wasn't busy, but their computer input looked like a great place to hang out. Food was average and pricey with their signature Smoke and Pepper burger priced at $13.99. No thanks. Unlimited fries were served in a strange metal collar and were greasy and lukewarm. Awful experience. Save your $30 and go to In-n-Out as fast as possible.
5	Always great service and terrific burgers, fries, and drinks. Wait time is always shorter than the host tells you. Ask for Joe's section. He works hard to keep your glasses and baskets full.
5	My Mom, BF and I went to Red Robin for lunch today.  It is one of our favorite places!  Michael and I usually order the Red Robin Tavern Double - protein style - which means it comes in a lettuce wrap instead of on a bun. He does so because he is a recently diagnosed Diabetic.  I do so because I am newly Gluten Free.      Today, I happened to overhear a customer place an order at the bar for a burger on the Gluten Free bun.  RED ROBIN HAS A GLUTEN FREE BUN???!!! I asked our server, Bree, about this and she said they've had it on their menu for a few months now.  She asked if I wanted her to bring one out to try but I didn't want her to go to any trouble and declined and said that I may try it next visit.  But she brought one out anyway.     It was warm and the small piece I tried was soft and had a wonderful, 'real' bread texture! It was great!!! But, unfortunately, within a few minutes, I started coughing. When she came back to ask what I thought about it, I told her that, as good as it was, I had an allergic reaction. Poor thing had to deal with me coughing as we spoke and she felt terrible.  I told her not to feel bad - that I truly appreciated being able to try the GF bun. She kept apologizing and said she would go back to check the ingredients.       A few minutes later, the manager on duty, Rick - if I remember correctly - showed up at our table.  He said he heard about my allergic reaction and wanted to make sure I was okay and didn't need any medical attention. He told us that he checked the box the bun came in and did not see any wheat on it. We assured him that I was fine.      Bree stopped by again and said the only thing she could think of was that she didn't call out 'ALLERGY ALERT' when she ordered the bun and that the cook would not have changed gloves as he would have if she did announce that first.  Again, we told her not to stress about this. But that maybe we'll try it again, on the side, next visit and to remind our server to call out 'ALLERGY ALERT'.  Can I be that sensitive?   My point is, my allergic reaction aside, we had a great experience at Red Robin. We always do! And the service and attention to my dietary needs today was exceptional!
1	Had a bad experience today with the employee seating people. We went to sit in the bar area like we have done the entire time this place has been open and the guy that was getting names for tables rudely approached me and my family. Immediately he checked my sons age, which wasn't an issue and then proceeded to instruct us on the Red Robins rules. Funny thing is, there was two tables open at that time.
5	They are not perfect but their customer service makes up for it! This location has an amazing management team who goes out of their way to personalize their service and take care of the customer. I facilitate customer service training, so I am a tough critic. I will continue to go to this location because of the leadership present.
5	Great place to hang out...good beer...good service...great food... The bartender  Caleb is great and a lot of fun!
1	I don't know what has happened to this place, but the last two times we've been here, the food took forever to get, it was the incorrect food order and it was cold!!! #NotGood #WhatHappened #GetNewManagementPlease
3	I have been here a few times. In short, it's am upscale burger place that has pretty decent customer service. The prices are a little high for burgers, but the food is good. I recommend this place if you are looking for something in-between a restaurant and a fast food joint. Additionally, the atmosphere is generally laid back regardless of the noise level.
4	The last few times I've been here, I've just eaten at the bar tables, so I don't expect really great service, but it was better than I was expecting.  The burgers are always good, which is pretty much why people eat at Red Robin in the first place.  Bonus for bringing them lettuce wrapped upon request, and extra bonus for having sweet potato fries, which were delicious.
1	I dont know how anyone likes these "burgers". My wife and I have been there a few times with friends who have wanted to go and none of us have ever had a good time. The latest time, and the time that sparked this review, was the worst. The waitress really seemed like she didnt want to be there. Im she didnt but put a face on atleast. She got my order wrong but I told her ill just take what I got because I didnt want to wait another hour. The food was not good at all. These just dont taste like real burgers and thanks Red Robin for the unlimited horrible fries. Im done with this place forever. Im sure they wont notice though because there are alot of people out there without taste buds.
2	My boyfriend and I visited yesterday a few minutes after they opened at 11am.     We did this so we knew we would get in, get served quickly and get out of there before the rush started.     We got seated immediately, waitress was quick to come take our orders.    Our appetizer came out pretty quickly, but our food seemed like it took a bit long.   I was seated so I could see the pick up window, I was not impressed by all the orders sitting up there just waiting to be served, all these staff people walking around or standing around, yet orders (I counted at least 4) were sitting up there cooling off.   Finally.... we got our food.  What's funny/odd is that our waitress was running all over the place, I don't understand why she had our table and then was out in the bigger tables section waiting on customers there.   Not her fault, I'm sure that's where she was assigned, but it made no sense at all.   There were other waitress right behind us and to the side of us..... now why would that make sense?   Not efficient at all.   We ate our food and were taken care of farily well, even had Jeff stop by and ask us how everything was.    Our meal was very good, we had burgers with steak fries.   I thought fries were bottomless, or did they stop that?   If that is still in effect, we never got asked if we wanted any more.  The burgers are a bit on the expensive side, especially there newest ones, $13.99? Really??  The peach tea was ok, it gets watered down quickly, my boyfriend got a refill and it tasted to sweet, we found if we stirred them mine picked up some flavor and his was less syrup taste.    Lastly, we finished, asked for a to go box, finally came back to us with the box and our check.   We waited forever for our waitress to come pick up our money so we could leave, if we would have had cash, it would have been great, but sadly we didn't.   I don't entirely blame the wait on the waitress, she was running around from one side to the other, so that needs to be addressed.    It would have been nice to get out of there much faster.    Lastly, we've noticed the last few times we've been there, everything seems "sticky" and I don't know what it is, the table is sticky, the door handle to come into the place was sticky.   Is it the cleaner they use?  I don't know but it's a dirty unclean feeling.   Oh and it was so blasted cold in there, my hands were like ice. I know it's AZ but it was uncomfortable, we couldn't wait to get outside into the sun to warm up. We will probably go again, but not for awhile, it costs us $35.00 for 2 people.... for burgers and fries and they werent' anything unique or oustanding.  I do have to say, they were prepared exactly as we ordered and they tasted fairly good.
5	We soooo love our local Red Robin! We are a family of 7 and have always gotten amazing service, which is a really big deal since we are a large group.  Our freckled lemonade and bottomless fries are always full. The staff is so kind and attentive regardless of day hour or busy-ness. Food? Perfect. Thank you Surprise Red Robin! We  you. Even if....one of your server gals...is a Michigan fan= go Buckeyes :)
1	We decided to come to this restaurant for dinner, no kids,  just my husband & I.  The hostess first sat us in the bar,  we did not ask to be sat there,  she assumed we wanted to sit there.  We don't typically drink out nor do we watch any kind of sports games.  In the bar everyone is loud enough I couldn't hear my husband ask me a question.   We asked to be moved & were told we'd have to wait a few minutes.  I asked why because it's not like the place was packed,  she said the tables needed to be cleaned.   We waited and then were seated at a dirty table!   Really?   Can we not clean the tables so they are not sticky to touch?   Could you at least clean the chicken tenders off the floor under the table?   Ridiculous!   First time in was good,  2nd time a little questionable,  after this time. .....I won't be back!   We ended up at Carrabba's, Yumm!
5	We eat here at least once a week. We do however only sit in the bar, away from the kids. All the staff is friendly and courteous, making sure we have what we need and in a timely manner. Our food is always fresh and hot, it does not sit under a heat lamp unattended. I really love they have a new burger out monthly to try, something new and different and a little foo foo, but always a good distraction from the normal menu even though I am always good with the Burning Love Burger.My only suggestion to better things would be to put the ice cream machine and the shake station somewhere else other than the bar. The bartenders should not be bogged down making milk shakes and chocolate milk. I am sure someone else could do it in another area of the resturant. Free the bartenders up to deal with the phone orders and make drinks.
3	Visited again, our waitress was eh.... ok.  However, she did ask about our tea if it was okay, if not she could bring us some more syrup to add more flavor.  Turns out, they make their tea and then add the flavoring/syrup per order.  She kindly brought us some syrup in a glass and we added our own, she also said it settles on the bottom so we stirred our tea up and much better.  For that, they get an A+!   We were seated quickly, waited on in a timely manner and our food was amazing, fresh and hot.   Still at the end, we had to wait a bit for the bill to be handled, but this time was a better experience.
2	Well...it was a Friday evening and busy.   We were seated fairly quick.  From there we waited 14 minutes for our server to take our order...that is no good with 2 hungry kids.  Once order was placed food came in a reasonable time.   Food was ok....never got a refill on my drink.  I ate the ice instead.   Our server just never noticed or bothered to care?
