5	Mori the owner here is a rock star and got my car running when no one else could.  He does the impossible - at a good price and in quick time too.  I've been doing business with him for over four years now.  100% recommend.
5	Mori's a trustworthy guy when it comes to your car , I come here now for oil change and everything else my car needs . Never had a problem with his work , good guy who's definitely there to help .
5	Mori helped save me $$ by fabricating a new clip for my back power window. If I bought a new part it would have cost a couple Benjamin's. He rewired the old piece. I also asked him questions about what would be the best suv to buy next. Usually car guys don't like to answer questions but he was very helpful.  They even washed my car for me!! Will be back for more car service & advice. Thank you so much!
5	Mori did a great job welding a bung on my down pipe for my wideband o2 sensor. He was very knowledgeable and had great customer service.
5	I used to take my Civic to Honda for everything that needed to be done. I am so glad that Mori is my go to guy since then, my family also brings their cars to have him fix them. He is honest and his work is perfect. His prices are much more realistic than the dealership. You will save more money by going to Mori at this shop. You will have it fixed in a timely manner too. Even for major work. Thumbs up to this shop and to Mori.
5	Mori is a genius!He's also a really great fabricator!Got him to fabricate a rally style custom cat-back exhaust for my NA Subaru Impreza and install a thicker rear sway bar.  Had it everything for about 6 months and it has definitely made driving the Subie more enjoyable.  Not a single problem! Hondas, Subarus, Toyotas, anything remotely JDM; Mori is the man to go see.  EVEN- non-import cars/trucks Mori can fix, fabricate, tune, rebuild anything for a solid price and in stellar turn-around time!Support your local mechanics!  Go to Mori's shop for any automotive work you need done, you won't regret it!
5	Mori hooked me up with some Eneos oil, OEM oil filer, and a oil change! I Explained to him I worked nights, and he offered to do my oil change :) (he had a car on the rack) thanx buddy! Will definitely go there again. Thanx Mori!
5	I first went to Mori because my usual mechanic doesnt weld and I needed a sway bar welded to my sub frame. He charged me a very fair price and did good work, I just finished taking my brothers car in because it was leaking oil and he had it done in about an hour that includes time to find the part. His prices are great in my opinion and if its upgrades id deff trust him.
5	Uehara Motorwerkz is a great automotive shop that knows Imports. Specializing in Asian autos but works on many Costom Cars, including American Muscle!! Subaru's all day my friends... All day!!
5	Mori is a true car enthusiast you can tell by the quality of cars that he works on that he knows what he's doing. Always fair prices and a very helpful guy.  Also a eneos  supplier as a bonus.
5	Mori and his team do some outstanding work. He's honest with his pricing and he shows you what is wrong with your vehicle. Even during routine jobs like oil changes, you can watch his team work on your car. I was referred to his team by a friend and have been thankful to find a mechanic shop that is honest and do what they say!
5	I was looking & calling shops all day to install my aftermarket suspension. The dealer and other shops were quoting up to $1000 for a simple install that would take and hour or so. Mori earned my trust & business for life! He was professional & knew what he was talking about, he even cracks jokes and does his job right! Mori took the time to install my Tein suspension right, adjusted the ride height, test drove it & then fine tuned it at the end again before I took it home. Not only that but he beat everybody's quote and saved me a lot of $. Plain and simple just go here no matter if you have a Honda, Subaru, Mazda, a simple oil change or a major issue just go here!!
5	Mori is awesome! I found my go to automotive shop. They're honest, professional and fair. Saved me $1,500 so far :-) on Spring Mtn. between off 15, just past Valley View.
