3	I decided to give this place a try one night, and it was about what i expected.  A cozy, family type place with good food.  The waitress was nice, but I had to flag her down if I needed anything.  But it was the food that really saved it for me.  Their french dip sandwich was fantastic, and add in some of the homemade potato chips and you've got a great meal.  So overall,the service could use a little work, but the food makes it all worth it.
4	Tasty wings?  In Charlotte?  You mean you don't want to go to Buffalo Wild Wings, which are really just an assembly line?  Then you may want to try Township Grille.  I would suggest you go on Wednesday for the $0.50 wings, however, as they are a bit pricey at other times (approaching $1 each).  You don't have to pony up for celery and dressing, however, which is nice.  The only downside is that they can be a bit skimpy - strange as they are advertised as "jumbo".  Definitely not the case.According to Dirty Dave S., the sauce is made with Frank's RedHot Sauce, and I can't vouch for that, but the flavor is excellent.  Lots of butter - so much so that it pools in the bottom of the tray.  I just wish the wings were jumbo, as I might never leave if they were, because the flavor was excellent.As a follow-up, we went for some chili-cheese fries, adorned with Cincinnati-style chili.  I'm not sure if it was a good choice.  The problem is that the whole dish didn't work.  The fries were hefty, and though they supported the weight of the chili and cheese fairly well, they were a bit limp because of the mass on top.  The chili did have that Cincinnati flavor, but it just didn't mix well.  The cheese was massive on the top of it all, making a big ball of mush.  This could be a dish by itself, however - it just doesn't live up to the other items.For the main course, I went with the beef on weck.  While it might not be a true weck, it's awfully close.  The top of the roll was crisp, the bottom soft with juices of the meat, and the (presumably kosher?) salt on top with the carraway seeds gave it an awesome taste.  Huge thumbs up.  A completely different category than the slider variety at Lebowski's, and this would keep you from a flight to Buffalo just to get the taste on your tongue.Add a bit of their horsey sauce (made with real horseradish, not the creamy style at Arby's) and you have a meal for the ages.  The house-made chips on the side are a nice touch, but they really aren't necessary.  For those of you who care, they even spell the roll kummelweck (no umlaut, however).Sweet Tea Report: The tea, while not overly sweet, actually has a smooth taste to it and it goes down easily.  I can't even count how many glasses I went through at lunch.  Generally I don't like tea that isn't very sweet, but in this case it was really enjoyable.
1	We went here for lunch the other day and discovered that they're closed.  Sad face. :(
