5	I had my first massage ever from Rebecca while working a freelance gig in Seattle. My back and neck were in such pain from sleeping in strange bed and working at desks that were not very ergonomically friendly. She worked out all the problem issues and found an old injury in my shoulder that I didn't even realize was hurting me, she worked that out too and afterwards it felt so much better I couldn't believe I had not noticed it.Now I am back home working in Los Angeles and was so happy to find Rebecca has recently moved down and started her practice here. She is very professional and has such a good touch, she now has me on a stretching regimen that is helping my computer work strains and I will forever be a client. I highly recommend her.
5	A week ago, I had a very good massage by Rebecca Sagall. I have Fibromyalgia and Rebecca was able to apply the right pressure for me. More importantly, two days after the massage, I realized my neck pain had vanished! The room was soothing even though it is in a Physical Therapy office. Don't get me wrong, the physical therapy office is very upscale - but I was worried it would be loud or very clinical and neither was the case. Rebecca herself has a kind, gentle and happy nature which made the experience very enjoyable. Thanks, Rebecca!
5	Rebecca Sagall is one of, if not THE best Massage Therapists I haveever known.  She is extremely professional and  knowledgeable.  She is also a very kind and caring person.  She will even recommend certain stretches that she thinks might help me feel better and get stronger.  I have seen Rebecca many times and always look forward to my appointments because I feel so much better, relaxed and serene after my massage treatments.  She is truly a gem!  I cannot find words to recommend her highly enough.
5	For my birthday I decided to start my day with a massage from Rebecca.  Her soothing touch and lovely energy calmed and relaxed me completely. She worked out all the trouble spots with just the right amount of pressure.  She was even able to analyze my body with her touch and notice patterns that I wasn't even aware of.  I felt amazing, not just that day but for a dew days after.  I highly recommend her, she is a true gem.
5	I decided to make an appointment with Rebecca based on Yelp reviews and I'm glad I did. I was experiencing painful muscle spasms following the emotional stress of losing a loved one.  I have been to many massage therapists over the years and had my share of disappointing massages.  I want to be able to relax during a massage and not have to direct the therapist because the pressure is all wrong or because they have neglected an area.  Rebecca is an intuitive and skilled therapist and i was completely satisfied. In fact, I scheduled my 2nd massage for a few days later and was equally happy with the experience.
5	I had a deep tissue massage from Rebecca last week. She has a lot of strength in her little hands. It was my first massage in Las Vegas and Rebecca was very professional in asking me questions about my body and past injuries. Once on the table she moved and mushed me with a great deal of confidence. Her style was firm and fluid and I left our appointment feeling more relaxed and healthy then I have in a long time.
5	I booked a massage with Rebecca last week and after it was over I immediately booked my next massage.  It was fantastic.  Rebecca listens to what you want and adjusts her style to meet your needs.  I wanted to relax and Rebecca quickly turned me into a pile of mushy jello after my hour session.  My husband had injured his shoulder the previous week so he got a massage after mine and he also was amazed at how great he felt afterwards.  We both would highly recommend Rebecca to anyone that is looking for a relaxing or therapeutic massage.
