4	Nice cocktail list, free food and drinks.
4	I would place this club at the high end (between AA in Miami and BA in Heathrow / JFK)  The club is brand new so everything was spotless.  It's close to the Select Club which I mistook for this (briefly looked inside..this one is much nicer)It has a hot and cold buffet, cacoon-like pods to do work in (including multiple power outlets) Conference tables, couches and real nice washrooms.The only downside is you can't bring a guest for free with a platinum AMEX.
3	I have a Platinum Amex and received an invitation to this new airport club. The plan seemed to be that I would get one free visit and then would have to pay for access. That's now changed, I get in for free always. And I can see why...I had this on my list for a while but was in the wrong terminal last trip to Vegas. This time I was in the right location. I arrived a bit early to check it out. Actually excited to see it. They were not equally excited to see me...The front greeter seemed perplexed with my happiness. I love perks, so I smile a lot and ask questions. Then the bartender, wow really in a bad mood. Completely dead pan. Maybe crack a smile or say more than two words? I got "drink?" and "here you go".Pros: Nice liquor selection and food service. Relaxing places to sit, like leather chaise lounges. Drinking with wealthy French people.Cons: Did I mention the bartender? Lack of places to plug in; really every seat should have a close pair of outlets. Nice but not amazing, similar to other higher-end airline club rooms. Certainly would go again, however I wouldn't pay extra for it unless there were no other options.
5	Such a great way to end a Vegas trip. Yes, I was hungover and sleep deprived when I entered this place. I'm so thankful this place exists!!! I wasn't even departing from the D gates, but I had to go there to check this place out. And I left completely impressed.You check in just like any of the airline clubs, swipe your Amex, and they remind you that everything here is complimentary. Had a great breakfast with some refreshing acai juice. You can tell the place is new. The seating was great. The fresh coffee was much needed. They have a multitude of things to entertain you. Apparently you can check-out a tablet at the front and surf to your heart's content while you're there. Free wifi, of course. Full bar (wasn't brave enough for "hair of the dog" before the flight"), fresh food, snacks, juice, water, coffee, etc. They have a great selection of magazines. The TV screens show status of ALL flights. The vibe is just on-point! Great job, Amex. My Platinum card annual fee now seems more worth it! The club is open to all Amex card holders. It is free for Black and Platinum card holders, and they charge a fee for other card holders. It's worth it if you have anything close to an hour or more to relax before/between flights.
5	Just wonderful. A constant supply of food breakfast lunch and dinner and the entrees are creative and delicious. The  chicken cacciatore with polenta and herbed gnuddi were fantastic. Service equally awesome, I never had to leave my comfy cube to refill my wine,
5	Simply one of the best domestic airport lounges in the US. Food not quite as good as the DFW location but seating is more comfy.
5	Relaxing environment. Great for Platinum Amex holders and up to 3 guests. Not sure if I'd pay $50... But it is pretty nice.
4	For domestic airline clubs, this lounge is as good as it gets.  The hot meal service, fresh fruit, extensive bar, and nice seating areas, help compliment a presumably draining Las Vegas vacation.  Sundays are the worst days because the foot traffic is so high, there is generally a shortage of tables. All and all, this an excellent perk for Platinum card holders.
5	Amazing place - I felt like I was in one of those VIP lounge in overseas; American lounges do not treat people that way! Very friendly staff and great selection of foods. I wish they have it in every major airport - i am sick of skyclub.
5	A+ 1000. This place has it right.  With a tough economy and cutbacks everywhere, American Express has really done an outstanding job rewarding their customers with a beautiful facility with no limitation. I have been a platinum members for over 12 years and have had awesome benefits w AMX.  This facility takes the membership to a new level and very much appreciated by me, a cardholder. Other airport clubs have limitations and technicalities that always put a sour taste in my mouth. With this new Centurion Club, you will be happy you maintained your A+ credit, even during these rough economic times. This facility is well done, and for once in these thankless times, I feel appreciated for giving a business like AMX my business. Thank you AMX. You have given me another reason to travel.  I can't wait till you open a facility near my home town.
5	How is it even possible that I haven't reviewed the Centurian Club, yet?This is the airport lounge that all other domestic lounges should aspire to be.  No package of crackers to be found in this joint.  Nope, celebrity chef breakfasts and dinners that I schedule flights around to enjoy.They're lacking in the single malt scotch department compared to the Dallas Centurian Club, but I won't hold that against them as this is one of the few AmEx clubs in the US, and it's right in my hometown.AmEx, please make more of these lounges ASAP!  They're a god-send in the middle of a busy travel day!
5	I don't know if I'll ever be able to enjoy another airport club, now that I've been here. American Express cardholders get in with 2 guests.The atmosphere is cool and modern. It also seems to be the only club I've been at in a while without screaming kids. The sitting is arranged in pockets with couches and chairs that have high backs which makes it seem very private. There is also a private kids area for the little ones.There is a buffet with warm dishes and cold veggies. The orrichetti was delicious, as was the chocolate mousse. Quinoa, salads and an assortment of other goodies are available. The bar is stocked well and the bartenders are good at their job. Service was great, our dishes and glasses were constantly removed so we could go back for more.You also get the feeling that Amex has zoomed in on the needs of the modern traveler: there are plenty of plugs everywhere!
5	Doesn't get much better than this, at the Airport.
5	I love this Amex club. They should have one in every airport. The ambiance is amazing ... It's comfortable. The food is amazing and the service is top notch To be honest, I enjoyed my 3 hours in the club so much that I was actually upset when I had to leave.
5	Great place for a start of a Vegas trip! We wanted a quick breakfast and Bloody Mary before the start of the Vegas vac. Very well appointed; service was excellent -- they cleared the breakfast dishes lighting fast ( you know how some airline clubs you sit with a messy table until you get up--not here). Top shelf drinks where a plus. Not sure if we just hit it right or if it is normal; check in at the front was very smooth and fast.  The breakfast itself was excellent. The eggs and potatoes had a chef's touch, spices where perfect. Certainly will be back (like tomorrow). I hear if your not an Amex platinum or black there is a charge...still worth it Greens and Gold's.  Not a real big place but plenty of seating...only drawback my family thought was there was no place to stow the carry-ons. Maybe it's a liability thing. Five stars all the way
5	They always have tasty food! Great stop before a long travel day! The brownies and cookies! I love this Amex perk!!!
5	To qualify, this is not as good as the CIP lounge at Turkish Airline's Istanbul stop (if you have not made it out there, you must, it's pretty much the epitome of lounge experience, aside from the Frankfurt 1st Class Terminal, or its 1st Class Lounge, maybe not even as good as the Munich, Hong Kong and Singapore lounges - I'd venture to say that United lounge In HK is comparable to this one), but this is the best you'd get in America for a non first class passenger. it's definitely above the par, by a long shot. At some point, you get to appreciate life's small improvements when traveling through from one airport to another. You need to be a platinum member of American Express to get in. Family can be brought in without any hassles. Could be used for arrival or departure. Platinum annual fee is $450 annually but there are benefits, especially if you know one is going into SFO in November. It'll be installed in the United Terminal (Terminal 3) and can be accessed as a result if you are flying out of the G-dates of international terminal or United terminal 3.You can see from photos I posted, as well as others, that the place is pleasant, it has a few things that others don't have, for instance, it has a sound proof children's play room, and large couches that you could actually use to nap in, that's unique. Salad bar is innovative to make you want to cook your own grilled veggies and serve it at home. Infinite cocktails. Yummy fruit flavored water and coffee. The man in charge of this club came from United, and he was quite friendly. It turned out he grew up in Stuttgart, and I have a long standing relationship with Stuttgart tracing back to when I was 20, so we got to chat about Swabian food and the little local place I ate at in the town center of Sindelfingen in July, which I simply adored. He remembered it well. After bonding over Swabian food (which reminded me, among other things, to call my ex-roommate Monika, who was like a mother to me and born and raised near Stuttgart, moved here when she met her American soldier husband - later, ex) , not to mention, the difference between the Porche and Mercedes Benz museums (loved loved the museums, love love Germany - one of my many peculiarities was that I love pretty much anything German as a result of early adulthood initiation),  we felt that we had established some common ground.  He then revealed the insider knowledge. Apparently each one Centurion club got a different theme. For instance, the one that is coming into SFO in November will have a wine theme, which will have a focus for local food and wine. I giddily reported to my friends who fly out of SFO often, and realized my trip to Florida in early December will warrant a well deserved visit, if not sooner, because it's about time we can stop heading to United Club and try something more on par with the European airports.
5	This AMEX Club is for AMEX  Platinum card members at $450 per year. That said, I thoroughly enjoy visiting the facility and experiencing it's excellent service, cuisine and other club members. I find this club much more relaxing than other limited access airline clubs and of much higher quality than your typical frequent flyer club. I completely wish that American Express would invest in more of these clubs around the world as they far out class similar clubs that do not even begin to compare in terms of quality and sheer comfortin the middle of a long layover on the way to somewhere.
5	Well worth the admission. One of the best airport lounges in the states. Comfortable, good food and drink options, clean, and friendly staff. If I have to spend a lot of time in an airport, this is where I would want to be.
5	I'm based and travel a lot out of Vegas.  Love this club.  All liquor is top shelf, and the bartenders, especially Danielle are top flight, experienced, knowledgeable and friendly.  There's some type of food that doesn't look very appealing, I've been there 6 times and never tried any of it.  Back to the bar, if you're a seasoned traveler and road warrior, stop here, look for Danielle, and you'll leave feeling better about yourself and the world!
4	As I've stated in my reviews of the AMEX lounges, these are more like international business class lounges. YOu get full service food, drinks, and people who actually care. They are not like a domestic lounge. You must be a cardholder (corporate cards work too), and the fee is $50 per visit unless you have a Platinum or higher. If you have a couple hours between flights it's worth visiting these spots, the food is much better in the Dallas location than the Las Vegas location, and the lounge is nicer too. This one is only 4 stars, but still way better than a domestic airline lounge.
1	Clearly a one is generous. A clear statement by Amex regarding the complete ignorance to running a lounge and incompetence of design. Horrible food, uncomfortable furniture, no service. What the current managers do not understand about travel is shockingly clear - everything!
