4	I love having this Target close to home as opposed to the alternative....Walmart!  I just discovered their Target brand half and half for our coffee at home and I have to tell you the stuff is awesome.  I am literately writing this review just to let you know that you have to get some.  I am talking about the stuff in the cooler not the powder stuff.  I also like their pharmacy since they have the best prescription bottles ever and they give you a color so you dont mix them up with the rest of your family...duh!  Anyway much more to say but that is all I can think of right now.
5	Ok, it's Target and it's new and it's a Super T! Do I really need to say anymore? I have one really good tip for people shopping for toys. They have better prices than Wal-Mart! Yay!
5	Let me tell you something. I. Love. Target. Especially this location! It's the only Super Target (translation: with grocery) in the area. I don't shop so much in the grocery department, but it's fantastic when I need a few extra things and don't have to make an extra stop. The whole store is always neat, clean and organized. But what is so great about this Target, you ask? It is NEVER busy. I dreadedly visited the weekend before Christmas, and was absolutely shocked. There was NO line. None! Nada! Target has my heart forever.
1	Do not use this Pharmacy they are unprofessional and incompetent. I have used the pharmacy for six years and once loved them, they were kind professional and helpfull. In the last two years something has changed to the point where using this pharmacy could RESULT IN YOUR DEATH. THey have lost, misplaced, mis charged and misfilled. THey misfill perscription. It must happen often since they have a strict obtrusive procedure to handle the situation. I suppose every pharmacy does, but I don't want this to happen to me, my children or yours. I say this with a heavy heart as I am not one to speak in a way that will harm others but this must be known and I am sure there are many others out there that have had similar problems. I will list only a few problems. Each occurance was in someway resonved by the manager or staff. I should have recognized early on that there was a deeper rooted problem as staff always initiall blamed me for each mistake. When I recieved a call from my doctor to immediatly stop taking the powerful medication that was mistakenly given to my I knew that there were significant issues. I had called my doctor to let them know that the Target Pharmacy staff has not been able to fill my full script due to insurace restriction. Target Pharmacy Staff often refused to use my insurance, Target Pharmacy Staff would say it is 548.88 $ if you self pay. I would then spend 10 min on the phone with the doctor or my health insurance. I have what I consider quality health insurance since I am a teacher as in my wife so I blessed to have double coverage. My doctor told me to never return to the Target Pharmacy, find someone else.It took two years and several phone calls to convince the Target Pharmacy Staff that they needed to bill my primary first and then my secondary.The last few problems I will list below. I am greatful to God that they did not mis fill one of my kids perscriptions. I will never use Target Pharamacy.-dropped off two scripts, came back to pick them up after getting the text message (which I will mis) Target Pharmacy Staff told me that I had only dropped of one script and they did not have enough tabs to fill. I could either not take the meds, which i needed, or go without. Target Pharmacy Staff said they would call me when the rest of the scrip came in. I never received a call and ran short that month.3 month later they filled the mising script which Target Pharmacy Staff said I never dropped off.-dropped off two scripts, Target Pharmacy Staff told me when I returned to pick up that my doctor would never write a script for a chest infection treatment.I had to go to my primary to get another cript across the street.-twice I have dropped off scripts 4-5 days in advance and ask to make sure Target Pharmacy Staffwould have the correct quantity, this is what I was told by Target Pharmacy Staff to do when dropping off scripts as a result of the previous time when I was shorted meds, Target Pharmacy Staff were short. Another take it or leave it or pay 400+ situation. I ran short that monthToday was the last time, I dropped off the scripts to the Target Pharmacy Staff five days in advance of the fill date hoping to get the correct quantity, was shopping for dinner, which I will mis, stopped by to see if everything was ready to go when it was time to pick up the meds tomorrow. Target Pharmacy Staff said I had not dropped off the scripts. Next Target Pharmacy Staff said I had dropped them off and they will be filled tomorrow. I asked about the quantity and they said they had enough. I asked them to check. They did and were short half the order. I asked for the scripts back then left.It is my opinion from my experiences that Target Pharmacy is dangerous and I reccomend you go somewhere else. On top off all of that my email has been undergoing several hack attempts most likley as a result of the Target hacking where million of compete cc numbers, passwords and email were stolen over the last 30 days.
3	We shop here every week. There store is never over crowded and the shelves are always stocked and neat.  The only complaint I have is one male employee that always seems to be just walking around. He wares a handkerchief on his head and kind of looks like a pirate. He scares the crap out of my child and has even yelled at her for standing up in the basket so I could lift her out. Other than the creepy looking pirate guy the store is great.
5	I have recently used TP at LPP and Happy Valley. I am pleased and relieved that the service has been top notch and professional.  After being forced to use Wallgreens I have been brought back to Target Pharmacy for refills and they have done a great job. Robin the manager is great. My scripts have been accurate and on time which other pharmacies have not been able to do.It is only reasonable to recognize Target Pharmacy for the quality work.
4	This target location is my favorite in the area.Not too much foot traffic, good stock of products and enough checkout personnel to get the job done quickly.They also have a decent amount of seasonal items and subsequent clearance of those items.They have a Starbucks inside the target as well.Target is a great store to shop for groceries, clothing, house ware, cosmetics, pharmacy, craft supplies, and seasonal items.Pricing is always fair at target and their clothing lines get better each year.
2	Ok so the store is nice and clean but the people that work here are a joke!!! I have always said I will shop at target over Walmart everyday! But if I am going to be treated like this in target I might as well save money and go to crappy old walmart. The "child" that looks like a boy that checked me out was ridiculous. I had four coupons I wanted to use for the razors. If you can't read honey go back to school. Don't just look at a photo to see if it matches! I will never come back to this store and will never send any of my patients prescriptions up here either. What a joke!
5	I will always drive further just to go to this Super Target. This location in particular is huge, especially their clothing section. It's always well-stocked and neat, and it's not crowded either. I have no complaints about the service. The best Target that I've been to in the area.
