5	It's a rare feat to find a stylist who is all about healthy, sexy hair and will only do what is best for your hair, period. It's even more unique to find a stylist who will tell you "no" if what you want is unhealthy or damaging to your hair. Moreover, La Shawn's ("Shawn" if you get are allowed in her inner circle--it took me four years.) specialty is fixing your previous stylist's mistakes. I started going to Shawn in 2006. When I walked in, I felt at peace. Her shop is neat (that is a big deal for me) and squeaky clean, perfect lighting, great ambiance, and utilizes top of the line products. And to top it all off, she greets each customer with a million dollar smile and makes sure that you leave better than happy and you haven't spent all day at the salon.Now, I don't want to tell nobody's business, but I got to say that Shawn also has a heart of gold. She rarely turns people away and is a sucker for a distressed client, ie "I gotta go out of town today and I know that I don't have an appointment, but would you please do my hair today?" She'll tell you to come on in. It's just her way. If she can help you, she will. Personally, I am the type of client who has to have an appointment because I want to be locked in. But to my chagrin, there have been times when I was flying in nappy-headed and made a call to her personal line (you can't have it) and she has fit me in.When I tell you that this girl (southern-speak, she is a grown woman with grown skills) can do some hair, trust me, she can do some hair. She is the only stylist I've ever had (and I have gone through more stylists than boyfriends) who has my complete trust: She wanted to cut my hair super short last week--done. When I pay, I don't ask how much, I just ask her to add the tip to whatever she charges because whatever she charges, it is freaking worth it. If I could fly to Vegas every week to have my hair done by Shawn, I promise you, I would. I love her and I love that she loves to please her customers by giving us a quality product--herself. She has a little "thing" that I noticed (I love to notice people's quirks.). Like to hear it? Here it go: when you sit in her chair, you want to know the first thing she does? it's cute. She puts her hands in your hair and feels it, touches it. It's a quick little "come to me" move that starts at your temples and ends at your nape and right at the level of her heart. It's as if your hair is speaking to her. It's simply amazing. It's as if she is taking your energy, feeling your need, planning her strategy, and returning her own energy, and giving you her best. The whole exchange takes about 15-30 seconds, then she usually says,(quietly, more to herself than anyone else) "okay." And then? She goes to work. Loves it!So that's it. I think I've waxed enough about La Shawn L-Brown. Don't even think about going to Las Vegas without an appointment at Styles of LA. When you leave her shop, your hair will be so gorgeous, you will feel like you just hit the jackpot.
5	When I relocated from California I was looking for a professional salon that straightened hair w a pressing comb (not flat iron) and didn't use those greasy oils. LaShawn the owner is very nice and professional, hence, my 7yr stay. The salon is small and quiet so if you're looking for hair shop gossip and a place that tells your biz, this isn't for you. There's no wait either and most importantly IT'S OPEN 24HRS!!!
