3	Q is a local dive type bar and grill in North Phoenix. With that being said there are not too many N. PHX places to eat lunch. I have been here several times and usually enjoy the food. Today Not as much. I elected to go with the burger and frys. I wanted something not fast foodish and a real piece of meat. Nope, it was almost as bad as fast food. Sonic... yeah, it was a Sonic burger. i will stick to tthe fish.
1	First off, this place is a dive, and I mean a DIVE.Every animal is on the wall here. Their beer selection is abysmal, even for a dive bar....really, what kind of dive bar doesn't carry PBR?I had the fish, it was nothing special, the fries tasted like frozen fries, nothing special there either.I guess for a bar, it would work, but it's definitely not for my type.
3	I went here yesterday with a friend and the service was average..  I however did not care for the decor on the walls.. (dead animals, etc..) nor the hunting on tv.  Other than that, the staff was friendly and our bartender Jason was really nice..  So if you are okay with animals on walls then I would recommend this place to you.  Average service, nice place to drop in and have a cheap beverage.
5	For folks from the Midwest who miss their fish frys and great small town taverns this is the place to go.  It has none of the chi chi foo foo restaurant atmosphere - it is definitely a sports bar.  It is about great food and fun and friends.  The fried food is available every day of the week so you don't have to wait til Friday but if you want all you can eat, Friday is the day to go.  But expect to wait!   Prices are reasonable.  The Walleye Pike fish fry is expensive but worth it.   The beer is plentiful and the wait staff is friendly.  Go tip a few!
4	so we've recently moved into the deer valley area andare always looking for a good little watering hole and good food is always a plus. well this weekend we decided to check out this place,  since a client of mine had told me about it couple weeks prior. on first glance i was a little turned off by the pungent fish smell and all the animals on the wall , which i had been warned about so i got over it quickly. a friendly waitress walked us out oo an air conditioned patio.... a what!? yes an air conditioned smoking patio. mind you i dont smoke but the boyfriend does so i still get sucked on to the usual hottness of patios in our fabulous summer heat. After we chose a table Andy, the quick bartender took our order and kept up the speed and grace through out the evening. we didnt eat this night but came back the very next night on our way to my boyfriends gig, he is in a great band called Radiofix! for a quick bite. sandwhiches are definate bar food and boy were they tasty. i had the julies chicken sandwhich fresh grilled chicken breast with melted pepperjack cheese with a fresh green chilli on grilled sourdough with a good size basket of fries. all the sandwhiches came with fries or another option dont remember what. we will definately be going back to this little dive bar hole in the wall. might even become regulars. especially since it was so inexpensive!
1	Went today for lunch on the my friend and I's Burger Tour of Phoenix.  I actually regret it.  The food was not great.  I got the Q Burger which comes with green chili and swiss.  I thought it sounded good but NOPE.  The green chili was really dry and unflavorful.  The onions overpowered the green chili which was a major problem.  The fries tasted like they were frozen in a bag then fried.  For just drinks maybe you can go here on a budget and I guess have fun but I would say you would have to be a redneck to do that.  They have dead animals all over and on tv there was tractor pulls on.
5	This is a great little cozy place with genuine atmosphere in a neighborhood watering hole way, and terrific food if you like memorable bar food. It's fun, it's cheap, and it's the way things used to be a whole lot more than they are now.
3	Love their corned beef and cabbage on wed. nights.
1	dark and gloomy, this bar had a bunch of old drunks and meth heads in it.....  TERRIBLE
3	If you are a high brow, spoiled yuppie go somewhere else. If you enjoy authentic, real, good ole boy atmosphere, this is the spot. Ask about the walrus part hangin over the bar....lol
2	Seriously? I order a drink and the waitress wants me 2 finish my 1st drink so she doesn't have to make my 2nd and give me a clean glass? Alrighty Then!
3	It's a bar. It's dark, there are dead animals all over the wall and all most all of the food is fried.  I have never been terribly impressed with the food, but its cheap, as is the beer, which is what really matters right?  The service is... adequate.  Most importantly I can ride my bike here, so that's pretty much why I come.
3	Good place - it really helps I can walk here because, I probably would never come otherwise. Don't get me wrong - it's an interesting place - food is good - but, overall it's a dive you go to for a night cap. Not very family friendly. The new patio is over-crowded with smokers and you have to walk right by it to the front door...unless you know to use the back. It's not like they don't want families here - it's just not the best place for young ones (unless they are into looking at stuffed animal heads)I know my review doesn't sound too good however, I'd say give 'em a shot and try for yourself. I live pretty close and maybe go once a year - and ten years ago it was once or twice a month so....I think I just found better places to spend a buck.
4	Pleasantly surprised, had not been to this place since the AZ state smoking ban and it has fully recovered.  Still a smoking patio but no effects of this inside.  Baja style burrito was VERY good although it was called "fish tacos" it was an A as far as burritos go.  Will be back.
4	Ice cold beers and a smoke! Good fish fry. Cool dive bar with great service!
3	I was here on New Year's Eve for lunch. This place is a dive bar with some residual stank left over from the days when smoking was permitted. There's an unfinished ceiling with exposed painted black rafters and numerous stuffed animal trophies hanging around. Frankly, there are so many that it's a little creepy. But the beer was cold and the burger was fresh so if I'm in the area I'd bite the bullet and do it again.
4	Yes, it is a dive bar.  Yes, there are animal heads on the wall.  But the staff is great and they serve an awesome grilled pastrami panini (the New Yorker).  The prices are very reasonable, the fish fry has a huge following, and who could ask for more than a climate controlled smoking patio?  Give it a chance!
5	What a great little bar, the owner was a super nice guy and the drinks are super cheap.  The inside is way nicer than I thought it would be.  Its very manly with all the animal heads everywhere but its very clean and just a great little place to meet some friends for a drink.  It wasn't busy when I stopped by but it was around noon to meet a friend.  I would say it is average in size and the service was great too.
5	I absolutely love this place! I have been several times, always on a Tuesday to take advantage of their Taco Tuesday special. It's 3 tacos for $5 your choice of pork, fish or chicken (mix and match) My personal favorite is the fish.  They serve you your tacos in corn tortillas with cheese melted on top, then it's off to the taco bar! Yup, you get to dress up your own tacos however your heart desires.  The taco bar includes lettuce, cabbage, cilantro, diced tomatoes, green sauce and their baja sauce (delicious but very spicy!)  You can't beat this deal... especially when you pair them with some of their ICEY (and I mean ICEY!) cold beer, which is served by the glass or pitcher.The last time we went my husband was not in the mood for tacos so he opted for their bison burger (added blue cheese crumbles and bacon) and it was delish!  Our server, Pam, was a delight.  She was very personable, very funny and made us feel at home.  There are plenty of televisions inside as well as a pool table. Seating includes booths, high tops and the bar top inside.  Outside on their full service, smoking patio (which is air conditioned!!!) there is a second bar as well as at least 10 more hightops.  I believe there are also 2 more TV's outside behind the bar. And to those who feel the need to comment on the decor and refer to it as a dive, you need to hop in your car and head about 15 miles east. it's a place called Scottsdale... you can enjoy the company of your fellow douche bags there.
1	if you like poor service and 20 min wait times for a simple bottled domestic beer then this is your place. waitress is more interested in her phone than taking care of customers. I tip very well and thought I would leave a huge tip so I would get better service next time.. nope.. same ol thing.. food is hit and miss sometimes its sbove average and 70 percent of the time its average to poor.
4	This bar/restaurant is wonderful! I have met the nicest and most interesting people here. The food is awesome and reasonably priced. It is a down home atmosphere that will keep me coming back for sure.
4	Friday night fish fry!  Fish is very fresh and delicious I especially like their fish tacos but beware their chipotle sauce is very, very hot.  If you are hot sensitive get it on the side.  Good salads too.  I always drink iced tea theirs is terrible get a soda.
2	Wasn't the worst place I've been too but it still has it's negative points.  Took a little bit for someone to recognize we were even there and than the waitress was slow.  The waitress than left and went home with out letting us know so that just seems weird to me.  35$ for two meals and two beers seems pretty steep.  Oh and the bathroom were mote than unpleasant with the graffiti and the paint falling apart.The food was pretty good but not for the price I paid. All in all I'll just say cleanliness goes a long way.
4	Had a great time here last night. Craft beer by the pitcher! Had the Calamari, it was delicious. Service was good too. Ambiance was cool but the place could use some cleaning (bathrooms). Decent menu for bar food.
1	I came here with a girlfriend because we always saw plenty of cars in the parking lot which, to me, indicates a decent restaurant.  Upon walking in, the restaurant was empty but there is an outdoor seating area for smokers which was packed.  As an ex-smoker, I think this area would be highly appreciated by smokers just to have a place to eat, drink, sit and relax without having to exit to smoke.I decided to sit inside.  Service was very friendly but the inside smelled like the grease-trap of a restaurant.  I ordered a burger and fries and both were just mediocre.  This is close to home but I will not return.
3	Been here twice now. Liked the food enough the first time to come back. Atmosphere: It's your basic dive bar. Dimly lit. Mix of tables and booths. Lots of wildlife on the walls. A few tv's. A small patio. That said, being a dive bar isn't necessarily a negative thing. I like dive bars. It looks like a good place to stop for a drink, some food or to watch a game.Food: I ordered the Fajita Salad both times I went. It's delicious! Sliced, grilled chicken along with sauteed green peppers and onions served on a mix of lettuce, red cabbage, carrot and tomato. It comes with jalapeno ranch dressing and a huge folded over tortilla. The tortilla tastes homemade. My friend ordered the Alaskan Pollack the first time, and a bacon cheeseburger the second. He liked both!Service: Not great. Not terrible. Different person waited on us each time. They were polite, but not friendly or welcoming. On the second visit, the server walked away abruptly without asking what side my friend wanted with his burger. We had to call her back over to finish the order.I'll give it three stars. I'll probably go back again for the Fajita Salad, but if they really want repeat business, they need to work with their staff on customer service skills.
5	We have been coming here since they opened and the food & service have been consistently excellent throughout the years. It's a nice little neighborhood bar that we travel 25 miles to get to when we come. My Minnesota friends say this bar is typical of Minnesota - relatively dark inside with lots of dead animals on the walls. Being vegetarian I tune out the animals and focus on what I like best - the rest of the experience. My husband is a huge fan of the Friday all-you-can-eat night fish fry. He also loves the fried mini taco's as an appetizer. I don't eat any type of meat so I stick with grilled cheese (pepper jack on rye) and friend zucchini, which is always fantastic. Surprisingly, the salsa here is amazing, even better than many Mexican restaurants. The service is the best - fast & friendly and they always know how to take care of you whether you're a party of 1 or a group picky group of 8. There is an indoor (non-smoking) dining area and bar as well as an outside bar and seating area that allows smoking. They have done a wonderful job with the outside bar, which is fully covered, has climate control and great seating. Even on a chilly rainy evening November you will be comfortable out here. Pros:Fast & friendly serviceFresh fishMenu selection with healthy optionsSalsa! (who would have thought?)Drinks made rightIce cold beerFun atmosphereInside & outside seating/barClean inside & outCons:Because of all the pros, parking can be crazy on a Friday night, this place fills up fast!
1	I LOVE dive bars. The first time I came here, felt like this could be my new neighborhood spot. Go to Dave's Place if you want a good, friendly place to drink. I didn't feel welcome here after some new advertising on yelp. Apparently, if you haven't been frequenting this place, they aren't welcoming to new patrons. Don't even bother touching the juke box, the owner will skip your songs if she doesn't like them, even if there is not another person in the bar..
3	The best thing about this bar is the staff... they are super friendly and nice. We had great service from them all when we went yesterday. The food was okay, but it was a little slow coming out. I ordered the mini taco's and they came with salsa and a spicy ranch type sauce; very tasty bar food. A friend told me the fish and chips they serve is usually pretty good as well; not too much batter... so that's next on my list to try.
1	Didn't want to taste anything here because when I asked to speak to the owner, I was told by the manager that the owner would not be receptive of me "if you know what I mean" is what she said. I took this as a racial remark
