4	Great selection, and great prices! Get a customer card and rack up points... at the end of the year, they send you a coupon to use on your next visit.  I spent $50 last year and got a $5 off coupon.Staff is knowledgeable and are always available if you need help. They have a self-production line of products that are great and cost much less.Go check it out!
4	The Vitamin Shoppe is like a candy store to me and it is my favorite place to shop for the vitamins and supplements that can help maintain your health and reach your peak performance.Staff members are always friendly and helpful and they actually seem to have knowledge about the products. Plus, the sale table is always fun and often lets you try something new for just a little cash.Unlike Hi-Health, the staff doesn't try to push you toward the house brands and unlike GNC, the supplements aren't overpriced.If you're looking for supplements, The Vitamin Shoppe is the place to go.
5	Liking these guys/gals alright! I've been solely a GNC consumer, but decided to give VS a try. Staff at this location asked me if I needed any help within 3 min of me wandering aimlessly for my Braggs vinegar.Clean, well-stocked store, helpful and friendly associates, as well as fair prices.
5	This Vitamin Shoppe is in a great location.   It is easy to get in & out of and the service is great.  The prices are a lot better the Hi Health.  Also this location is a little bigger and I like the layout of this store.    Customer service is always amazing.  They help you with what you are looking for, check you out and then you are out of the store in less than 5 minutes.  That is how I like to shop, quick and easy.
5	If Hi Health, GNC and the Vitamin Shoppe had a brawl...The Vitamin Shoppe would win (in my book anyway).Amazing selection and quality items (borderline addicted). I have items I have bought here that are not beaten anywhere else. What I love best about the Vitamin Shoppe is their customer service. I would be so lost without the employees! The employees at this location are so friendly, helpful and knowledgeable! The prices are great as well. I love The Vitamin Shoppe :)
