4	I went to Ashley's to get new bedroom furniture for our guest bedroom. I was greeted by bubbly and smiley Marisa. I only had about 15 minutes to pick out and pay for the bedroom set. I came in with an ad, she walked me right over to it and then showed me the mattresses that were also a steal. Although I didn't get out in exactly 15 minutes, I was in and out in about 20 and had purchased really nice furniture and really comfy mattresses for hundreds of dollars less than other places (including the 2 other furniture stores right next door). I'm a fan and will be back I'm sure. The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because they don't seem to have the same flexibility for shipping as do many other furniture stores (they needed almost a week's notice, whereas most other places deliver the next day). Still, Ashley's is a winner in my book, and thank you Marisa for your help and getting me in and out quickly!
1	I bought a bed there in 2007.  Flash forward to 2010 and the wood side rails split (where you connect the side to the head/foot board.  The corporate office said the stores handle customer service.  I have since moved out of the area.  I called and they still carry the rails (sold seperately cost 40% of what the total bed cost!) but since I have moved out of the area, they will not ship them to me nor will corporate.  So basically I have a peice of furniture that I bought that I can't do anything with because I moved out of the area.  Their response "sorry"  !?!?!?!
2	Slow as hell. - This store is super slow at getting an order completed. When I went to get my bed at the warehouse they didn't have the siderails for it. How do you have the headboard and footboard but no side rails. Ridiculous.
1	This place is the worst! I was supposed to have a piece of furniture delivered to the store for pick-up. I waited the week and a half they said it would take. I called a day before to confirm but they said "we don't know what's going to come on the truck". I called the day of, just to confirm that it was on the truck and they said again "we don't know until it gets here". I called back 2 hrs later and was told "it's not on the truck". After being put on hold and transferred several times, I demanded to speak to the manager Ralph. He told me he could have it delivered next week or I could go pick it up myself at the warehouse. Apparently my order never got placed. After much complaining on my part, Ralph gave a lame apology and said "I wish would could do away with this process, it's always a problem." Guess it's my fault for ordering from them. Do not do business here! Walk 2 doors down and buy better furniture, better service.
3	When you enter this location 9/10 times, you will be greeted at the door by a salesperson who wishes to guide you.  Whether they are feeling particularly friendly that day or not depends on the salesperson, but they are always professional and helpful.In 2007, I ordered a full bedroom set from them.  It was pricey, but most furniture is.  We were also able to haggle a bit about the final cost.  Delivery took quite some time.  One item was incomplete and required another delivery to set it right.  Always check furniture when it arrives.  That said, the delivery personnel were helpful and swift in setting things up.
1	Poor customer service from store all the way to corporate. They were "kind" enough to send tech after tech out to look at the obvious defect on our couch just to tell us nothing is wrong. Now all the way to corporate we have been told to "sit on it and deal with it" by a Deborah from corporate offices. The furniture isn't even out of the packaging and now being told this after two weeks and will not accept the return. Will be letting my neighborhood about this awful experience we have had.
1	We purchased a formal dining room table and six chairs (most expensive one in the store). One of the legs began getting loose immediately. A repairman came out to fix it and said that they had used the wrong size bolts in the manufacturing process. Since we only use the table during family gatherings, etc. we seldom use it. We recently noticed the other legs have become loose. I called Ashley and they refused to repair the chairs. I stated that these chairs are a total safety hazard and someone is going to be injured if/when these legs fall off. They suggested I tighten the bolts. Hello !!! They don't tighten because they are probably the wrong size bolts like the original chair that was repaired. I even offered to pay someone to fix them and they also refused that, saying they were unable to help me. So basically, I am stuck with a very expensive formal dining room table that we cannot use because someone may be hurt while sitting on these chairs. Thanks Ashley Furniture. Way to take care of your customers !!! We only spent thousands of dollars there furnishing our bedroom and formal dining room.
1	"Lifetime Warrantee" means 1 year.  ONE YEAR.  Is the WARRANTEE.  You get ONE YEAR of WARRANTEE with their "LIFETIME WARRANTEE".  Need I say more?  After a year they start charging you for things.  After 5 years, you're completely out of luck.
1	Coming from a retail background way back, I fully believe in the theory that customers only post reviews if their expectations are exceeded or if they are very dissatisfied. Unfortunately this is one of the few negative reviews I have on my yelp account.My fiancee and I just bought a new home and naturally were very excited to get a brand new living room set (sofa/loveseat/recliner) for our new space. We went in and per usual, a very enthusiastic salesperson came up to greet us. He was just the right amount of 'helpful,' not hovering too much and not absent. We picked out a set we liked and went to the back to set up financing. The GE Capital remote financing system was down for the day so the staff took my information and said they would call me if I wasn't approved.Fast (pun intended) forward to 3 weeks later when they finally were able to deliver the set. I was the first stop on the delivery route which was nice however the delivery people seemed to be in a huge rush. They made me sign a waiver stating that I would not claim damages if they were to damage my house or the furniture itself. They quickly got the loveseat and recliner upstairs but struggled a little with the sofa.  After scratching up the paint on my walls and gouging marks in my drywall, they quickly set it down in front of my front door and told me they couldn't get it up there and said that I would need to call customer service to get a refund.So I did just that, I called Customer Service to say that I needed a refund and that I needed to schedule a pick up. Customer Service then told me to call the store I bought it from to receive the refund. Okay, fine. I called the store who seemed less than pleased to give me my refund, explaining that it didn't fit and that I would also need to schedule a pick up. They told me that they would then charge me $80 since I didn't refuse the furniture at the time they dropped it off.  Um, last I checked no one, including the delivery men, told me I had the right to refuse at that point and I wouldn't have to pay the $80.  By this point I just want the sofa out of my house and the money returned, so I agree to pay the $80 delivery fee and am told that Customer Service will call me to schedule a pick up.A week and a half goes by and no call from Customer Service. So I call the store to explain that I haven't received a call from Customer Service and need to know what I need to do to get a pick-up scheduled. I was transferred to someone at the store who was extremely rude on the phone and told me that I needed to call Customer Service.  I asked her if there was anything I needed to tell Customer Service (like an order number or ticket) and she said "I guess..." I call Customer Service by this point (sorry this story is so long) and am extremely frustrated. I am really nice and completely appreciate people in any kind of service industry so I explain why I am frustrated and want to know how I can just get this sofa out of my house. The Customer Service rep asked me if I had disputed the $80 service charge or anything like that and when I responded 'no' she said she was confused why no one had called to schedule my pick up appointment (you and me both, friend). So we set up the pick up appointment for 2 and a half weeks out because that was the earliest time they had!By now my fiancee, who isn't quite as patient, called the store to ask why we weren't provided with better customer service. When the salesperson who answered the phone wasn't giving any answers, he asked to speak to the manager. The manager on staff was extremely rude and sarcastic. Along the way we had told all the salespeople that we just moved into a new home and are wanting to buy 2 new beds, a new sofa to replace the one that was too large, and an additional recliner.  That could be more than $3k in sales to them!  They refused to return the $80 delivery charge unless we purchased a brand new item on the phone right then so my fiancee just rented a uhaul truck, drove the sofa to the Ashley warehouse, and dropped it off.I am still in the midst of waiting for the $80 delivery charge to be credited to my account.  But I wanted to share my experience with everyone so they can go into the purchase informed.  The selection was great, I still really like my loveseat and recliner.  Just everyone (salespeople, delivery people, customer service reps, credit reps, managers) were very difficult to deal with...this coming from someone who is very understanding and patient!Bottom line. Write down everyone's name you deal with along they way just in case you have to dispute things down the line.
2	My first exoerimce purchasing went smooth. That's why I returned, only to be extremely disappointed! I went in looking for a few are rugs, picked out 3. Was able to leave with one and the other 2 would be delivered to the store the following Saturday and I could pick them up. Sounded great. Well Saturday came, I called to verify my rugs were there so we could get them, I was informed that no, they had not been put on the truck and were at the warehouse. I live in the San tan valley and if I wanted my rugs that day( the day I was told) I would have to drive to down town Phoenix to the warehouse and get them myself. So my husband did, got there waited an hour and finally was given 2 rolled up rugs. He gets them home and 1 is the same rug I brought home from the store. I called to inform them I had gotten the wrong rug "Jewel" answered and said They would re-order the correct rug and we were to bring the wrong one back in ASAP. So my husband drove it back up on Monday. He then waited for them to let him know when the new rug would be in, finally the extremely unprofessional manager "Ralph" came out said "your rug isn't available, it's on back order you shouldn't of been able to even buy it in the first place" and walked away. That was it. No apology, no offer of a solution. Nothing. So he came home told me all this I called back to store spoke with Jewel again tried explaining my frustration and trying to figure out when I would be able to get my rug and she kept cutting me off, was extremely rude and acted like I was of no significance. I said for being in customer service your not being very helpful and her respond was I'm not customer service Im the back office. I then asked to speak to someone that would give a crap about my concerns and she said you can call our customer service number. I asked her to please tell me what my options were she said they would re order the rug and have it by the next Saturday. Well guess what it's Saturday and I just called.... The rug wasn't delivered! Her excuse was the computers were down for 3 days so the order wasn't placed until yesterday and that apparently wasn't enough time for them to get a stupid rug put on a truck in phx and delivered to Mesa...... Anyways. I canceled the order and will never return to this store again! With people as unprofessional and inadequate as Jewel and Ralph taking phone calls and running a store I would rather shop elsewhere and save my self the frustration and disappointment! (whether you work in a retail store, restaurant, medical office etc you are customer service and should never treat a paying customer with disrespect)
5	After a few phone calls from the District Manager urging me to please call, I did call back to the store and spoke with an extremely professional and helpful woman named Monica. She listened patiently to my explanation of what happened and concerns. She apologized profusely for how I was treated. Even before this I did understand its not Ashley that is at fault here, but one bad seed can ruin it for a whole brand. I have been a loyal customer with the Ashley brand for years and years starting in NY and I did not "complain" to get any sort of compensation for the trouble, I honestly just wanted an apology and validation that I had not been treated appropriately. I feel that after the way I have been treated by Monica, and for the messages left by Rick, I will continue to shop with Ashley Furniture and am grateful there are people in "customer service" who do still care about the customer!
1	Horrible experience. I love my furniture but the nighmare it has been to get it and I still don't have it all was not worth it. I paid over $5000 for furniture and 3 pieces came very damaged. Then I was on hold for over 40 minutes for customer service. Then they couldn't even get me the pieces until next week and it is their fault not mine. The guys that delivered the furniture were very patient and helpful but the customer service is a nighmare. In the store they were polite and helpful for the sale but then they refuse to do anything and say you have to contact the customer service number which never answers. Three pieces of damaged furniture is not acceptable.
1	WORSE EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE!!! Don Tuck and the manager Tim were horrible. We were quoted several different amounts, and when we finally got to the end stage he said a final amount that was $100 more!!! During the sales process, we were VERY clear about buying 2 chairs and on the final sales ticket the 2 chairs were not included. At the end when we were upset about hearing a higher final amount that what we were quoted, Don "checked with his manager" and decided they didn't want to sell to us. He told us he's off the clock and that Ashley doesn't NEED OUR BUSINESS. I've never been treated this way in sales industry. Don't waste your time, go to Room Store next door - that's what we should have stuck to.
2	I purchased a whole bedroom set and was told by the sales person, "The furniture will be delivered in 30 days, but you can always call up and reschedule for an earlier date."  She also told me that the furniture was at the factory and there were, "10 of these and 20 of those!".  WRONG!  When the date came, they told me it was not available and told me next week.  The week came and I got the same thing!   I had been waiting about 45 days when I was told a a customer service rep that my furniture was still not available.  I called customer service and everytime I call, the line gets disconnected and I have to redial.  I finally got thru after about 30 minutes only to be told by a rude rep "You should read the back of your order form for our disclosures. We have the right to delay your furniture due to our factory in Wisconsin and you're in Arizona."  I asked to escalate the call to a manager and the agent refused.  I then called the manager at the store in Superstions Springs and she was kind enough to apologize on how the customer service rep treated me.  She was able to get me my bed and the mirror in on 7/19 and the rest of my furniture in on 7/24 (I hope it does get here on time) when I bought my furniture on 6/10.  The furniture is beautiful but the wait is way too long.  The salespeople need to be retrained and should not lie to customers.  The customer service department needs a major overhaul!  They are horrible!  They have no sympathy and when they can't give you an answer they try to get you off the phone.  I  will be extremely hesitant to buy anything else at Ashleys and only recommend them to people ONLY if they want to wait 2 months to get their furniture!
5	We picked out our perfect mattress set at sleep american but wanted to get a bed set to go with it. We have a decent size house but it was built in the 40's so there isn't a lot of storage space. We wanted to get one that had drawers and after being approach by one of the sales man there (rich) he showed us our dream bed and it was on sale for an additional 20% off! We were thrilled! Once our house sold we went to Ashley's again and purchased our set. I found the perfect decor piece to go with our room. He was very patient, not pushy and allowed us to do our thing but still be there is we had a question. Thank you rich, you were amazing and we will come back to Ashley's if we need anything else for the house!
1	Got some new furniture and when delivered a end table was damaged.  I told them I wanted a new replacement.  Ashley's makes you go thru the repair process before they will replace the item.  I was livid as I did not want a brand new table repaired...Really Ashley's!  I will NEVER buy from them again!!!!!!
1	We purchased what we were told was great quality furniture for our bedroom.  Now mind you it is over 5 years old. When we received it one of the drawers had come apart. Well we thought its okay that could happen. After 5 years of use it is falling apart. 3 of the handles have broke off as well as the drawers coming apart on the bottoms. I did call and ask if they had a repair shop of any kind to help us repair the furniture. I was told sorry they don't. Lesson learned we will not be buying anymore furniture from them. Ashleys is a large company they probably sell better quality stuff. My suggestion is learning about furniture before handing out your hard earned money is wise. On the hunt for a new bedroom set we go...
