5	I am sooooooooooooo glad my sister referred me to this place. She has a special needs dog and takes her here and the staff there is always good to her dog. So when I was freaking out about finding a good place to board my dog Ladmo, she suggested Sherry's. I've boarded Ladmo at the vet before and they did a fine job, but there he had to be in a cage and only got to come out like 3 times a day. If it was one night, then maybe, but we were going to be gone for 3 nights and I couldn't stand to think about him in a cage. So I looked up Sherry's, no reviews on here which is a shame. But I took a risk, knowing my sister uses this place and her dog always comes back alive and in good shape was enough for me to take the leap. Sherry's charged the same price as my vet, but for $25 a day at Sherry's Ladmo got his own ROOM! A 4 foot by 8 foot space all to himself versus a small cage/kennel. Also Ladmo got to play with all the other dogs his size in the indoor play area and got to go outside every hour for breaks in the covered misted outdoor area. He seemed to have had a blast. I was able to have fun on my vacation and not worry about him being locked up. I will FOR SURE WITH OUT A DOUBT be taking Ladmo back here for any boarding needs. They do grooming as well but he is in love with his groomer at Petsmart so we will keep going there, but I may enroll him in daycare ($15 for 12 hours) just so he can go and be social with other dogs. Heck maybe the other dogs will teach him how pooping on the floor is bad, hopefully he runs with a good pack of pups.
5	Ladmo gives Sherry's a 5 paw review! Still loving me some Sherry's! We were having our roof replaced this past week and didn't want to leave our little pup Ladmo home all day to be scared and stressed out by all the banging on the roof. So off to Sherry's he went. Each morning I would drop him off and pick him up on my way home from work. He was soooo chill and relaxed (he is normally a hyper dog) he got to play with other dogs all day long, I can tell he had a blast! On his last day I had them give him a bath, he is so nice and fluffy! I also found out they charge a whole heck of a lot less for grooming then where we usually go. So we may pay a visit for grooming.
5	Been going here since my dogs were puppies. One has died since and the other one is now 7 yrs old. She is an Akita and isn't exactly friendly with everybody or most dogs. They don't believe me at Sherry's. They think she is the sweetest thing. She seems to get along great with the other dogs, when I can't get her to walk by a dog without growling at them on a walk. They say she's being protective. I take her there once a week for daycare and she loves it!! Best of all the staff there is great!! They are always nice, sweet to my kids, and love my dog.  We love sherry's!
5	Good job here for a haircut for the little one.  Ready when promised, prices are reasonable.  Only gripe is it seems like the tips go into a jar behind the counter there instead of for the specific groomer for my pet (looked like what was going on, but not certain).  Really spoils the point of being extra nice for your groomer, because then the nice tippers are just basically those who make up for the slackers who tip little to nothing.
5	This place was awesome...interviewed 3 other places and came back to Sherry's.  The staff definitely loves dogs...and Lottie came back a very happy camper :)  I had to board her for 3 days while on a trip and she must have had a good time because she was exhausted.  I normally would take her to one of Sherry's competitors but they lost their lease and are not close to where I live...their loss was my gain in finding Sherry's.  I would definitely give them a 5 star...only wish I could have checked out the back where she slept at night, but they do have a sample of the little rooms they get to stay in.  Only thing I would change is to have them give her a bath before she came home...just to complete her spa pkg. Connie S. Phoenix
1	Unsanitary, unsafe and extraordinarily shady and dishonest.  Sherry's Pampered Pets should be shut down.We used Sherry's for boarding for about 1 1/2 years. Two very disturbing incidents led us to stop.First--we asked to use their restroom.  When we first started going to Sherry's we asked to tour the facilities. We were told that due to liability issues, they could not give us a tour, but we could look at the play areas through the outside windows.  We thought this was a little strange since every single other kennel we've ever been to was willing (and wanted) to give us a tour. We figured we had no reason not to trust them so we accepted their excuse. Fast forward 1 1/2 years-- I desperately needed to use a restroom.  They didn't want to let me use it at first, but I told them it was an emergency and they let me. Quickly learned why they did not want to let me back there or give customers tours of the facilities.  The closed off area, that they don't want customers touring, is unbelievably, phenomenally filthy. And that's an understatement. I have never seen a dirtier restroom in even the seediest, filthiest truck stop gas station I have ever been to.  More importantly--they had stacks of kennels that looked like they came from a puppy mill.  They only place i have ever seen such dirty kennels and such a filthy facility is in those gut-wrenching puppy mill videos you see on SPCA or PETA.  It should be criminal to be running such a disgustingly filthy boarding operation.Second--We went on an extended vacation (about two weeks). When we returned, our dog looked very tired and skinny.  The owner's sister (the older lady with the tattoos) informed us that our dog had not been eating anything for almost the entire stay at the kennel and she had consistent diarrhea for same amount of time.  We asked her if they made any attempt to call us or a veterinarian and she confirmed that nobody from Sherry's Pampered Pets did so at any time. At least 1-2 weeks of diarrhea and lack of appetite and not a single person at Sherry's bothers to call us or take our dog to a vet. We confirmed this story 3 times with this lady (because we were so shocked and could not believe the level of neglect). Short of our dog dying, I can not think of a much more extreme case of kennel negligence.  This situation should be (and possibly is) criminal neglect.  We returned to Sherry's within a few days to speak with Sherry.  When we did, her sister had completely changed her story (or so Sherry says).  Sherry claimed that her sister told her that our dog was sick for only the last 1-2 days of boarding. We asked Sherry to bring her sister out so we could confront her with her lie and Sherry refused.  Sherry's adult daughter then got in our face, yelling at us for "accusing" her aunt of lying (which she blatantly did). Needless to say, Sherry refused to refund our money or pay or veterinarian bills.Short of our dog dying, we could not think of a more egregious, disturbing situation of animal neglect by a boarding kennel.Not only did Sherry's completely violate our trust, they abusively (and possibly criminally) neglected our dog.I really can not find the words to express how phenomenally disgusted and outraged we were over this case of extraordinary dishonesty, abuse and disturbing conduct by Sherry, her sister and her daughter.
2	I wish that I could have got ahold of Sherry's Pampered Pets so that I could have made the reservation that I needed. But after 2 attempts at contacting them by phone and leaving them a voicemail that never got returned, I never even got as far as making the reservation. I waited 3-4 days for a return phone call, and then made reservations elsewhere. If I can't even get ahold of anyone or get a return phone call after leaving a voicemail, I am sure not leaving my dog with you.
5	I love this place and so does my dog, Shelby! The staff is very friendly and attentive to Shelby. She goes here everyday for doggy day care, we have boarded her a few times while on vacation & she also gets her nails trimmed here. They do a great job with all of the above. The first time we boarded her, she lost some weight, but I think it's because she wasn't used to the environment overnight & was so busy playing she just didn't eat. The last few times, she's had no problem eating since she's so comfortable there. She's always excited to go inside when we pull up in the car and greets the staff excitedly. I highly recommend to anyone!
4	My ex had me watch his dog while he was out of town and I decided to have it groomed like a lion. Mission completed. They are super friendly and the place was clean. Park in the back it's easier to get in and out.
5	I've been using Sherrys for over 6 years and they are always available by phone to set an appt in advance or at last minute.
5	I had a wonderful first experience here!! I have two Australian cattle dogs and this was there first time to the groomer, they loved it!! They came back with a shiny coat, nails trimmed and less hair (I asked for them to brush out the undercoat)! The price was awesome too!! I looked all day and kept being quoted 50-70 for each dog! When I called sherry I was quoted 30 per dog and they got me in within two hours! I will be back once a month for my pups!!
5	I have a weiner mix and a pitbull australian shepherd. My dogs stayed for five days while I flew home for Christmas. It is perfect because my dogs get to share a run and get play time! It does stink like ammonia inside, but it is a good reminder that its an indoor dog boarding which means they get air conditioning when it is hot out! So of course it will smell a little strong inside. The staff was sweet and quick, which we needed. I picked up my dogs they were fine, happy, and tired in a having played all day way. Great experience totally recommend.
5	I love this place!  I used to work there (over 6 years ago) so I am well aware of all their business practices and how they treat the dogs that come in and I wouldn't trust anyone else with my furry babies.  Michelle grooms my girls every two weeks for a great price. They truly love the animals there.
5	Took care of my 3 dogs and did an awesome job. Facilities look very nice and dogs look spoiled. Very reasonable priced. I will go again.
