4	One of Las Vegas's newest hot spots - the Red Rock Casino Resort Spa.  This review is based on their Sand Bar and the entertainment events they host by the pool.Arriving into the desert was "A Tribe Called Quest."  The setting, a huge outdoor pool with giant beds for outdoor lounging.  If you hope to score one of these beds to enjoy your concert experience, expect to get there early.  They are definitely hard to come by.  With alcohol sold poolside, you can still bring your previously purchased drinks into the concert area.  (They'll pour your drink into a plastic cup, that's all.)A stage is put up for the performing artists and with its general admission, feel free to get up close and personal by making your way to the front.  If you arrive too late, plan on spending time in the way back.  With the pool being right in the middle of the venue, your only options are the front, sides or way back.  With it being September and with the headliners hitting the stage at 9 pm, it wasn't too hot outside.  Overall, Red Rock Casino Resort Spa is a pretty cool place.  Locals and tourists frequent the place as it's off the strip and not readily accessible to those who don't know about it.
2	Ok Sand Bar I'm kinda boycotting. When there's a concert going on - getting drinks is like pulling teeth. There's so many people and some of the bartenders there do not know what the hell they're doing. So if you go get a drink.....be prepared to wait in line for a while. Unless they've gotten their shit together. Personally I don't think the setup is that smart. The bar is off to the side - so while you're waiting in line there's obstructions of trees and stuff in your way so you can hear a concert and not see it. At least put some video screens of the dude singing right?
4	Went here for the Weezer concert.  The venue is very interesting as it has many pools but you cannot go swimming during the show.  We got there early and got a prime spot by the stage.  We suggest getting there on the early side as you do not want to get trapped by the pools and accidentally fall in. There were plenty of drink specials but I could not believe they charged $3 for an 12oz bottle of their own water!  Also be careful of beer bottles that people drop.  They are aluminum, but they are hard and you could roll an ankle on them. Overall it was a nice venue for a concert and would go back if they had an act I wanted to see :0
1	09/16/11 TEARS FOR FEARS CONCERT.After attending thousands of concerts, this has to be one of the most miserable venues I've ever encountered for a show. If I could give it a zero, I would.First off, WHERE did the advertisements state that there were SEATED vs STANDING tickets available? They cordoned off a section directly in front of the stage, and then surrounded it with security goons. The light board was literally where it shouldn't be, in the middle directly across from the stage, but COMPLETELY BEHIND the SEATED section, so that the poor folks who couldn't get into the SEATED section (which, BTW, was ONLY HALF FULL the entire evening) were stuck trying to negotiate ANY remaining sight lines.And then, when it comes to getting ANYTHING to drink, forget about it. There were bars, but it was virtually impossible to walk around, due to all the pools in the way. I'm very surprised no one fell in, considering how DRUNK and OBNOXIOUS the crowd was, and the little amount of room to wander. I did not drink a thing the entire show, from 9pm until just after 11.And about that crowd. OMFG, WHY DO YOU GO TO CONCERTS AND THEN SCREAM AT THE TOP OF YOUR LUNGS TO FRIENDS WHILE THE SHOW IS HAPPENING? WHY THE F**K ARE YOU EVEN THERE? Now, as I said at the beginning, I've literally been to thousands of shows, and have experienced this many times. But THIS CROWD takes the cake for obnoxiousness. I nearly encountered a fist fight between a group of drunks directly next to me, caused by an a**hole couple who shoved in front of 2 nice folks who had been standing next to me for the first 45 mintues, which, if it had not been diffused, would've ended up, in a domino effect, getting my spouse thrown into a pool, and then, believe me, DEATH BY SPOUSE would have occurred!And then there were the actual people WORKING the venue. NONE of them seemed to want to be there. (DO YOU BLAME THEM?) And there were "thugs" literally shoving people out of the way to escort "special" people to the SEATED section. Again, I'm surprised no one ended up in one of the pools. (I overheard someone say, in fact, "Gee, NO ONE ended up in a pool this time!")So my advice is: If there is a show advertised for this venue, DO NOT GO unless you can get those SEATED tickets. It just isn't fun enough to deal with. And even THEN, expect overcrowding, chaos and a**holes, both w/ mgmt and patrons.I moved to Vegas last December. I've enjoyed EVERYWHERE tremendously. I am a Strip patron and a non-Strip patron. The free concerts at the Cosmopolitan, the shows at the punk venues like Double Down and Beauty Bar, even the shows at the Railhead inside the Boulder Station, have all been pleasant, well-staffed and easy to have fun. This was the first time in 9 months of being a local where I started thinking maybe I made a mistake moving here.Next show: Joy Formidable @ the Cosmopolitan Pool. Can't wait. Saw them Thursday night there. And I've been there already for a bunch of shows.
3	Like everyone else (so far), I am leaving a review for a concert I attended here, not because I stayed at Red Rock Casino and went to the pool for food/drinks. I actually did not eat or drink anything while at my show (Lauryn Hill, formerly of The Fugees, formerly a sane human being), but I was offered marijuana by a fellow concert-goer. It is a relatively strange concert venue. As it's been noted, the assigned seating chairs are closest to the stage, and the rest of the remaining venue is GA/SRO/FLOOR. Would it be better use of the facility to have it all GA? Of course. Could they set up some risers for those 'special' people that cannot handle GA? Definitely. In other words, is it unnecessarily cramped, especially considering the prices that they charge for tickets, and the fact that other poolside venues do it with tons of clear lines-of-sight? That's for you to decide if you go to a show here. It is just an 'A-OK' venue even though the L-Boogie set was tremendous, although I cannot recall if this was the one where she fell onstage or not. Too many Hill stage mishaps to keep track of without a dedicated chart. - E
4	I had a great lunch here. The servers are a bit busy running food and drinks all over the pool complex, but they were friendly and kitchen service was fast. I had the coconut shrimp app which was amazing and the street chicken tacos. I dumped those 3 mini tacos out of their double taco shell wrap and made myself more of a taco salad. It was very good. There are seats in and out of the sun and quite a few with umbrellas if you sit in the restaurant area and not out just by the pool. There were a few game table in the area but they were not open at the time. No indoor seats here.
2	How can you beat a bar by an awesome pool that makes you feel like you are on vacation?The food is average for pool food and the drinks are what you ask them to create.  However,  my biggest hang up here is the customer service. I have a keen sense and I could feel the tension, drama and chaos between the bartenders and even the servers.  They even complained about another bartender who they thought was faking an illness just to go home earlier. No one behind the bar made eye contact with the customers and I was there a good three hours people watching with my girlfriend.  Note-not all pool customers are creepers who want to get your digits and hang out with you later!! We were appalled by the immaturity. Given that my Hubs and I have a season pool pass, we will come back. I only hope it gets better, not worse.
3	Pool area and service was just ok. Not bad but not great. Odd feeling and a somewhat lack of emotion in the staff. Drinks were strong so that was a plus
2	Ordered drinks... it took almost 20 minutes to get them,  then she got it wrong and forgot one, it's hot and can't get anything around here, I go to the bar and the bartenders are so in a bad mood that it makes me fell that I have to be nice to them,  they don't even smile and look at me when they ask you what kind of a drink I need, $120 at night, will not be back at t j is cheap joint,  this people need CD training, and it's expensive and forced to tip? SMH
2	Lots of eye candy, however that's it. Auto gratuity  equals terrible service. The bartenders have an attitude to boot.  I would have given one star but the food was good and drinks were strong.
