5	I was referred to James from a friend at a networking event. He was pretty sure he could save me money, and I was skeptical, but he was right. He gave me a quote that increased my level of liability coverage by a LOT, but his quote came in $33 less than I was already spending (for less coverage!). I wish I'd checked with him a year ago, especially after I got the quote so quickly. I'll be especially happy to see what I can save in a year once my accident is off the record!!His staff is so nice, too- I've asked a bunch of questions and they're super helpful. I feel like I'm really being taken care of here, I really couldn't ask for more.
1	If I could give them no stars I would. Absolutely the WORST customer service ever. Jennifer finds herself leaving messages then doesn't allow you to speak about what it was she said. There are always added hidden fees from changing cars to even address changes. I was a long time client if theirs but not after today. If rather pay a little more than be treated as if they don't care about their clients. Certainly will be telling people never to use State Farm and if they still choose to I would make sure they used any other agent but this office. WORST EVER!!
1	Steer clear of him. He wrote my policy wrong admitted to it and when I sent numerous emails to him he ignored me totally.  Of course his admitted error lined his pocket . His office staff is the same I was promised a refund then told the underwriter was busy and finally only kidding what's the big deal you were insured anyway. But really to ignore emails and calls AND the insurance is still incorrect. If anyone wants specifics feel free to contact me!
1	I want to first note this is my first complaint I've ever written. In my life. Ever. 30 years old. Think about how much you got screwed over by 30. But then came James Madrid. Showed me a new low I didn't think was possible.April of this year I get a letter from my DMV saying I've been driving around like an idiot without insurance for 3 months. I go into Madrid's branch, they say they've tried to contact me but my contact information was outdated. OK, so my fault. I take total credit. I pay the $500 DMV fine and even the State Farm fine for not having insurance. But to be honest, felt like salt on the wound. I buy a new policy, update my info, pay for the next 6 months, and go on my merry way.THEN, 3 months later, I get another letter from the DMV saying I've been driving around like an idiot again without insurance. Now I'm facing a $1000 second offense fee. I talk to my bank, they say when she ran the card it didn't go through. I go in to Madrid's branch to find out what happened and they still have all my out dated information. The receptionist was not only rude and defensive, but really hurt me. I've never been talked like that before. I just sat there and took it. I asked if I could make an appointment with Madrid and she told me he's not going to help me, but sure and angrily wrote down my new phone number. I wasn't there to point fingers, only asking for help.But she was right. He never did help me. He never called me back. To this day I've never heard one word from the man. I called multiple times. No answer. I left two emails pleading for help, one even through the State Farm website. Nothing. Another branch advised me to call after 5pm, so someone could actually help me. They were nice, but only wanted me to sign up for a new policy. I have to turn in my plates this week because I can't afford the fee. There's nothing they can say now or do to fix this. I don't want an apology, because it won't be genuine. Just everyone should know how much you really do care about your customers.
