1	We expected this to be an ABBA review and they mixed it with other songs.  The chairs are all on the same level so you can't see past the person in front of you even though the stage is raised.  The songs were not done well at all but the performers I feel did give 110%.  The performance was a real dissapointment and they had several people who walked out in the middle.  There are a lot of better shows on the strip than this one like Jersey Boys.
1	Yes, the showroom is substandard - all seats on one flat level, hard to see, even though the stage is raised.  And yes, some of the dancers were terrific - obviously very talented, well trained, and giving their all.  But the reason you go to an Abba show is to hear all their terrific hits.  Unfortunately, the four singers the night I went were mediocre at best.  As much as I love Abba and all their terrific hit songs, I didn't enjoy this show at all because the quality of the singing was so weak.  There are almost countless options on the Strip.  Don't go to this show.
1	I can't believe I didn't check the reviews on yelp before buying my tickets.This show was absolutely awful... if I wasn't in the front row I would've left.. like stood up in the middle of the performance and left!  The dancers were off key and the girls were ugly... not judging but if you come to see a show you don't expect ugly girls wiggling their butts around.  The main back up dancer was awful and way over accentuated her facial expressions and moves.  The moves were not timed with the music and very boring.  The singers weren't on key and did not blend well together.Show was listed as DANCING QUEEN - why in the world would they decide it sounded good to just start singing random 70's songs - ruined the show even more.This was the most wasted 1 1/2 hours of my life!
2	They obviously have changed the theater since the initial Yelp reviews were written; this was in the mezzanine of the big theater at PH; except for a couple of rows of tables and chairs up front, the rest of the venue is normal tiered theater seating, so we had no trouble seeing the whole stage.I think they also changed the billing, but not enough.  Now it's touted as ABBA and disco, but there were only a few of those songs.  The rest was stuff like YMCA - and who needs to listen to that? - with the performers in getups modeled from the Jackpot Party slot machine. Calling it "Dancing Queen" is a blatant and obvious attempt to get people to think that they're going to hear mostly ABBA.After a couple of numbers, they introduced their "Special Guest, the international singing sensation" Avis Ellis (who???), who was unfortunately there for the duration of the show - a screamer whose huge Afro mop of hair would frighten off a Hungarian Puli or Komondor dog, and she used her hair as a prop, flinging her head around just because she could.  All that DNA flying out over the audience!  The other female singers weren't much better:  the blonde had a good voice, but also was a screamer, and the brunette wasn't always on key.The choreography was often unsynchronized.  The song Fernando was a solo performance, with three pairs of dancers in front of her doing a dance routine that was positively klutzy.The costumes were uninspiring, unworthy of a Vegas show, and the whole production reminded us of so many shows we've seen on cruise ships, only not nearly as good!  If we had paid for this, we would have been pissed, but we can't complain about the price.  I can complain, though, about having given up the first night of the new season of Dancing with the Stars for a show that's not worth the trip.
4	This show opened last Friday after being at the small theatre at NY NY Hotel and Casino.  It is now on the mezzanine floor of the Planet Hollywood Casino near Koi at the top of the escalator in what is called the Showroom at Planet Hollywood.  It is not near the large concert hall in the Miracle Mile Shops.  Seating in this venue is triple what it was at NY NY.  I did not see the show at NY NY because I disliked that venue so much.  There isn't scenery for the show per se.  There are two risers joined by a set of stairs that go from the stage to the two levels.  The risers light up in different colors as programmed.  Other than that, there are four banks of light tubes that change colors.  Except for a few props for some of the dances, that's it.  It's basically a song and dance show and is not meant to be a scenic one.I had a comp ticket for this show and took advantage of it.  The title is misleading to say the least.  While you expect an evening of dances to ABBA music, only the first 5 or 6 numbers are ABBA.  The rest are from the disco era of the late 70s and the 80s with a little Motown thrown in.  I'm not a fan of ABBA--I wasn't one who liked Mamma Mia all that much, but I really liked the way they started the show last night with Dancing Queen and other ABBA numbers including Fernando.Then, Avis Ellis was introduced as a world renowned recording artist.  I had never heard of her before but that's no big surprise.  She sang a song of Whitney Houston's that I enjoyed.  She has a big voice and big hair.  I guess you'd consider her the star vocalist because she was only one introduced by name.  I Googled her to see some of her bio.After Ellis sang, they went into the disco era with an homage to Saturday Night Live and disco music.  In between the numbers, half the dancers were offstage changing for their parts in an upcoming song.The show lasted exactly 75 minutes and it started on time at 9 PM as advertised.  They deserve a star for that!A word about seating.  I would not recommend the VIP table seats up front with the small round tables.  You are close to the stage, but you also have to turn around to see some of the singers behind you because they come out on the three walkways built for Peepshow.  Also, you're in a pit-like area, and you'll be constantly looking up.  The rest of the seating is normal theatre style.  I only dislike how small the seats are.  I almost groped the woman next to me just trying to get my phone.The show is less than a week old and I'm cutting them some slack for some incorrect moves with the dances last night.  There are some new cast added with the larger venue and I think they need more time to settle in.  The show is loud.  I did spend the entire time tapping my foot to the music and at one time I quietly sang along.  I did not clap as performers like to prompt audiences to do.  If you're so good, we'll clap along.  We don't need your advice.All in all, I thought the show was good and I would go again.  When I leave a theatre with a big smile and have liked the music I heard, it was a good show.  I checked the website and saw that the tickets start at $69.50.  I know this is a large cast, but I wish Las Vegas producers would not overprice their shows just so they can be sold at discount ticket outlets.  Set a reasonable price and sell your own seats and the discounters won't be so needed.
5	OK so i gave them 5 stars. They probably should have gotten 4 or 4.5 but they really don't deserve the low scores they have and I wanted to boost their rating. The show is fabulous. I thought the dancers were very attractive. They have men and women dancers so there is enough eye candy for anyone. The guys were especially sexy. The singers were very good. The dancers were very good. The venue was great. Sound was perfect. I love disco so I had a smile the entire time. I loved the show and will repeat on a girls night out. These performers gave it their all. They stayed in character with huge smiles the entire time. I have been to almost all of the variety/singing/dancing shows and this one is as good or better than all of them.
4	I greatly appreciate how Dancing Queen entertained me and my friend the other night when I saw Dancing Queen. We needed a good time out and let loose singing along to the ABBA songs - it is our favorite band.The PH Showroom is one of my favorites because all the comforts a guest would expect is fulfilled with high energy and professionalism from the box office, ushers. gift shop, and the refreshment bar.The prices were quite reasonable for refreshments ($2 - $6) which came in handy since I had not eaten dinner before the show. The ability for flash photography surprised me but I embraced it and then sent it to my friends. I believe the motivation there is to spread the word and attract a greater audience.I hope the show will later increase to a full 90 minutes with many looks to the iconic past in music and dance. Keep up the good work.Thank you again for the show offer and I definitely will recommend it to my guests.
4	Even though I am not an Abba fan, I must say I enjoyed this show.  It truely came to life for me when the random selections of songs began!  The third female singer who came out brought so much life to the stage! So much energy!  Loved this show!
5	I didn't see Dancing Queen at NY NY.  I can only write about what I saw and heard.  I got free tickets and thought why not?  They start right off with ABBA songs then after hearing "I will Always Love You" sung amazingly by Avis Ellis, they are right into Disco hits.  I was singing along with every song!  I especially liked It's Raining Men and the songs by the Village People.  I  can't believe the low marks but noticed most are before it opened at the Showroom at Planet Hollywood.
