1	If you like buying sick plants and getting yelled at this is the store for you!We were sold a near dead bonsai plant that was infested with mites, which we only discovered after doing some research. To their credit the owners took it back and said they would treat it and get back to us in 2-3 weeks.  However, after 5 weeks and multiple unanswered calls we stopped by the shop and they told us "someone had stolen it" and that they would reimburse us but that "we would have to come back later because we don't know how to operate the credit card machine". We returned a few days later and after reimbursing us we got yelled at being told "get out, this is your fault, nothing like this has happened in 30 years". I suspect the mean spirited owners were simply shamed by their ineptitude to keep their plants healthy or even do simple things like do a refund and took it out on us, but it's hard to recommend this store based on our experience.
1	Truly terrible service. They sold me a $300 plant that was infested with spider mites---something that would have been obvious to them, but not to a layman such as myself. The plant got sicker and sicker, and I took it back after three weeks. They promised that they would treat it and call me in two weeks. I waited over a month--still no call. So I tried contacting them. They were extremely difficult to get on the telephone. I eventually had to go there, at which point they told me that the plant had been stolen. Very strange. Then I was told that I'd need to come back to get refunded because neither of the owners knew how to give credit card refunds. So, I had to return again. The refund was granted. At this point, I would have quietly left the store, but the owner, Marcel, felt that it was necessary to say a bunch of abusive, xenophobic things to me. They sold me garbage, gave me the runaround, behaved dishonestly, and then acted like it was my fault. Customer service does not get any worse than that. Do not give them your business.
1	250$ + taxes pour une plante pleine d'insectes.
