4	I really would have missed this place had I not been trying so hard to look for it and I'm damn glad I did find it. Cafe Cherrier has a beautiful patio that wraps around the store and is nearly covered up by the abundance of plants and flowers which make it a great place to sit for brunch.Our brunch was not too expensive (appx $10-14 / person) and the food was pretty good! I can personally attest for the smoked salmon crepe, the amount of cheese and the holandaise sauce with the salmon made it reaallly tasty. They have freshly squeezed juices which was a plus and their service was A+.
5	I'm told lots of famous Montrealers go here. I wouldn't know though because I haven't lived here in a long time. It's got a bit of an L.A. feel in that people are looking around at each other a lot.It's not uncommon for two grown men to go to lunch here and sit at a little table, order a bottle of wine, share it, eat, laugh, discuss. Maybe this is what people mean when they say Montreal is European. Cause you certainly wouldn't see that in States.I love sitting at the counter and I love brunch. This restaurant located just north of the Latin Quarter on Saint Denis is perfect for both. Food is consistently fresh and good. You can order one eggs Benedict instead of two if you aren't famished - I like that. A place to leisurely enjoy one of your weekend late mornings. I've sat at the counter deep in conversation until only an hour of daylight was left in the afternoon. Allonge, mimosa, fresh fruit in the middle of winter. Love, love, love it.
4	I'm a breakfast person.  So Cafe Cherrier was one of the more memorable places I patronized in Montreal.  It's open for lunch and dinner too.  (I can just imagine the people hanging out on the restaurant patio drinking wine and beer on a nice weather day.)  I had their smoked salmon crepe with white sauce for breakfast. Dee-licious! ...And I am not an egg person.  The orange juice is freshly squeezed and the coffee is fabulous which is a big plus...just enough flavor but without the bitter aftertaste that goes with overroasted beans.  The portions are enough for a hearty breakfast with out being too much.  The decor is sleek diner and you can sit at the bar and eat if there isn't a table available...which is where it seems the locals eat.  The prices for breakfast don't break the bank and most come in under $10/plate.
3	We enjoyed a late lunch on the outdoor patio during the first week of June 2010.  The service was good, the food was excellent and the ambiance was nice.  As other reviewers have noted, it does have a European feel.  The salad with chicken livers was excellent as was the goat cheese salad.
4	Had an awesome dinner here on the patio in the front.  Great people watching, and lovely atmosphere.  Menu was VERY limited for a vegetarian, but, my pasta was very tasty and the bread they brought to the table was yummy.  My husband had salmon and said it was good and the bottle of wine our table ordered was very good and relaxing.  The service was fabulous.  Highly recommend, great location.
4	Descent food, good service! Popular spot! crowded.
4	Good food, friendly service, reasonable prices make this a definite 4 star.  Great outdoor seating location.
4	Good food and good service. The prices are according to what you get and the side dishes are substantial.It has a nice European feel and has a nice terrace.
5	A recent road trip to Montreal took us here - close to McGill, in the plateau/Mont Royal neighbourhood, Cafe Cherrier is a lovely place to dine!The service was amazing, all staff appeared to be bilingual, there is a beautiful patio, and the decor inside is very "I'm in paris".  The crowd is a little older, a little more sophisticated - it's definitely not full of boisterous young drinkers - but it's plenty lively, full of that charming Montreal upscale hustle and bustle. With a great wine list, and 4 or 5 beer options (as well as cocktails), this was the perfect place to grab a late afternoon snack and beverage. Also at our table was the cheese plate, and the frits. As cliche as it sounds,try the FRENCH fries, they're beyond delicious. Between that and my Stella, I was in heaven. (There is also a full dining menu, reasonably priced)Cafe Cherrier was a delight to dine at. Great service, charming atmosphere, delicious food, and blocks away from other restaurants, shopping, and anything else you might be looking for. I think you may even be able to see Heidi & Seal's house across the park...
4	Had lunch on a warm sunny saturday. We sat outside on the lovely terrace.  I had the chicken liver salad, which was excellent, my husband had the croque monsieur, which was served opened faced.  He said it was very good,  I had a glass of the Quebecois Rose which was very nice.  The service was attentive and efficient.  It was a very nice restaurant, and especially on a sunny day if you enjoy outdoor dinning.
3	Cherrier was just fine but not great when we visited on a Saturday morning. My cappuccino was not great, our server was way too busy to give us needed attention, and our food, while good, was nothing extraordinary.My eggs Benedict was delicious with a well-made Hollandaise sauce, and I must say, the location is charming. I just wouldn't rush back.
3	Cafe Cherrier has a french charm. Its decoration and environment resemble a french bistro. The location is charming but the food however is OK. Looking like a french restaurant does not always mean that food will be out of this world. I have had both breakfast and dinner at Cafe Cherrier and I am always left with the feeling; "is it just me or could the food be better?". I would take my friends for an evening drink at the bar to experience the ambiance but otherwise I am not rushing back.
4	Nice relaxed atmosphere. Food was delicious.
3	We ended up at cafe Cherrier for a late lunch (2 PM) on a Tuesday afternoon and to our surprise the place was packed. We took it as a sure sign of good food and value.At first glance cafe Cherrier looks like a typical French bistro like the ones you would find in any French centre ville. Indeed this is exactly what the place delivers but with an emphasis on higher tier dishes if you wish to go that route.After looking at the menu we settled on the table d'hote offerings (prix fixe for lunch with includes an appetizer, an entree and coffee or tea). The food was good but somehow we expected better or at least we expected to be wowed with every single dish and instead we had different appreciations depending on the dish. The vegetable soup was outstanding, the smoked trout salad in comparison was pale in flavor. The fish dish of the day and the steak frites were good but nothing to rave about, the desserts were outstanding.So yes I would be back to caffe Cherrier noting that the service was bilingual (a plus if you have non French speaking folks in your party) and the food was solid with a few really good dishes. Overall, a good bet when in Montreal for a real French bistro experience.
4	Great food, good service. Crowded due to popularity, so not as intimate as desired.  Not the choice for a quick meal or dessert, but would be great for leisurely dining and dessert in the evening with friends.
2	It was packed when I got there. I had a French toast and it was truly infamous. Service is slow and I even had to pay for the regular coffee. The potatoes were not cooked enough and fruit is not included. The place next door is better, just walk a little bit and you'll get a better brunch.
4	Got a drink here prior to going to dinnerAtmosphere:- Nice outdoor wrap around terrace.  Was not too crowded- Casual and relaxing with plenty of people watching on St. DenisService: - Good service. Polite and courteousFood:- Just got a glass of wine and pastis.  Both were good and hit the spotOther:- Great place to grab a drink before heading over to dinner
4	We had a very nice meal at this cafe.  Both my husband and I had salmon encrusted with pistachios.  It wasn't outstanding but was very good.  Accompanying veggies were also really tasty.  Since I'm not such a wine maven, I asked the waiter for a suggestion.  To my surprise, he pointed out what he thought was the best wine but then added that it was too expensive.  Instead, he steered us to the house wine, which we did enjoy very much.  I might add that our server was very courteous and friendly, even though we are English speaking.  There is a nice outdoor dining space but it was just too cold to take advantage of it for dinner.  All in all, I would return.
5	We came to this place for brunch a long time ago, but I remember this place to be very French with good atmosphere. Unlike some brunch places where people are squished together. I had the omelette, it was pretty good
5	It is our last day in Montreal and we were looking for one last lunch to close out our wonderful trip. We stumbled to Cafe Cherrier and were happy as soon as we stepped in. It was hustling and bustling with a local crowd including some business lunches. Was really interesting to see and observe. Really nice French food lunch. I had the French onion soup which was excellent and a Duck Confit with frites and salad. The salad was fresh and had a light vinaigrette. The duck was cooked close to perfect. Bread was super tasty and wine was light but flavorful.
2	Alright, so I'm giving Cafe Cherrier 2 stars because it is inconsistent. For breakfast, sure, it knows its stuff and rarely disappoints. However, I came here for drinks and dinner recently, and wow... I was SO disappointed. I think the only aspect of the night that got me through it, and was remotely respectable, was the wine. I, as well as a few others, ordered the bavette, which sounded amazing at the time, but once we received it, ALL of our meat was way overcooked. Meat like that is way too tender to be overdone, and we all ordered it either rare or medium, in turn we all received medium-well and well done. It was the most chewy and stiff meat I have ever eaten. The only thing tolerable on that plate was the fries --another aspect saving this rating from being a 1-star.Meh. I've experienced WAY better (sorrynotsorry).
3	Got croque monsieur without cheese (lactose intolerant). It was not that great, I suggest ordering another dish. The waiting staff was quite friendly and attentive even during the Sunday rush. I like the atmosphere, but the food was not anything spectacular.I don't recommend the croque monsieur (maybe the cheese makes a huge difference?). Ham was not too fatty though.Will try a diff dish when I get a chance.
2	Very disappointing experience. It looks like a nice cafe with a terrasse.  But it was horrible. Here's why: 1. We were asked to move after sitting down outside  for 15 min  because the hostess didn't bother to ask if we were eating or just having drinks. I don't even know why we had to move for eating, but we didn't want to be complicated so we agreed to move. 2. The waiter had no knowledge of his alcoholic menu. I ordered sangria and he said he didn't have sangria. Asked for an old fashion and he had no idea what I was talking about. Ordered a cosmopolitan and he asked if I wanted a vodka or gin martini. I was so confused over just a drink! 3. The only good part of my dinner was the appetizer. Tuna tar tar. No complaints there. Fish was fine. Nothing out of the norm, it was good. 4. We arrived at 5 ish and received our main dish at almost 630. We were unable to find our waiter several times. Appetizer dishes not cleared, my empty cosmo was only offered a refill at the end of my meal so I said no. And obviously couldn't find him for the bill and even when we did, he took so long I had to leave to get my car while my friend had to front my part for the bill. 5. Not only did my food take forever to come, it tasted horrible!  It was WAY too salty my brocolini with sausage. All I did was drink water after almost ever bite because we had to leave by 7 and if I returned it, we would have to wait another 45 min probably.   My friend's pork stuffed with blue cheese lacked blue cheese AND was over cooked. Was way too dry. This restaurant is worth one star but i will give them their one credit, their appetizer was par. Will I come back? Never
1	Bad service! As other reviewers have mentioned it was WAY too difficult to get the server's attention for even the simple things like refilling the water glass and getting the check. My boyfriend ordered the flank steak and was never actually asked how he wanted it cooked, however after a substantial wait for the food he finally cut into the middle and it was totally raw! When we were finally able to flag down the server and show her the poorly cooked meat, she said that she had requested it be cooked "medium," but agreed that it was quite raw. She simply apologized and then said that if we told her before she would have put it back on the grill, but it was too late which was only more infuriating since getting her attention was such a challenge. She then cleared his plate leaving the entire center portion of his steak uneaten (a $24 dish) and although no compensation was requested, none was offered either. My veal tortellini was nothing to rave about and the escargot appetizer was underwhelming. This place is expensive for the service and quality you are getting.  A short jaunt up the street and you have a number of other fabulous options like L'Express that is in the same price range, but far exceeds the experience at this cafe.
4	We enjoyed brunch here - each of us got eggs Benedict and the 4 of us shared the French toast which was made well and already has syrup on it. Coming from NY I'm used to having a side of mixed greens with my eggs Benedict but it didn't come with it so we ordered a mixed green salad to share which improved the dish. Baguette already came buttered and we ordered a side of Brie cheese which was okay (nothing that special). Tried to get to other brunch spots but wait time was an hour and this place had no wait. Can't compare to other brunch spots in Canada but liked it.
