5	I am so happy I chose S & M Moving to help with my move to Colorado.  They are affiliated with United Van Lines, which is how I found them.  My initial contact with S & M was when Nathan Brinker came to my apartment to give me a quote. He was professional, friendly and knowledgeable. When it came time for the movers to come, I was called a few days before to confirm the time frame.  I was given an 8 - 9 a.m. time frame, but the movers arrived right at 8 a.m.  Again, the movers (Alan and Rick) that came to take my gazillion boxes were professional and friendly.  They were also very helpful and let me know what they were doing and why.
1	Did everything they could to avoid doing the right thing.S&M were responsible for a managing my corporate relocation package in conjunction with United Van Lines, last year. When our furniture arrived across the country, our brand new $4,000 leather sofa was scratched up, with big baggy indentations and giant grease stain on it.I immediately demanded a full replacement, since what I had before the move was literally weeks old. They responded that their policy was to "repair" the goods, but to the contrary, they provided a full replacement fee for all the smaller (cheaper) items.We agreed to allow a local "professional" leather company do the repair work and they only removed a few of the scratches. The grease stains and the dents were still present and they even added new damages in transportation, including ripping off one of the foot casters! The repairs ultimately cost S&M $1,750 and when I told them that it was unsatisfactory work, they claimed they had fulfilled their contractual obligations.I ended up having a separate hearing (as per the contract, to resolve any disputes) and despite providing both photos and written accounts of the poor service and damages, S&M were somehow deemed to have satisfactorily repaired my sofa.Now, come to write these reviews and I find that "Advanced Leather Solutions", who performed this terrible work have consistent 1 and 2 stars on Yelp for poor service and even worse customer service.I am so incredibly frustrated, since in the long run it would have probably been near enough the same cost for them to just replace the sofa, and we would have all been happy. But as I stated, they went so far as to use their legal team's time and resources to fight me to justify this terrible service, which only added to their costs in this process.What a waste of a year!
1	We called for our original quote 6 weeks in advance of our move. We went back and forth on details and then when it was time to finalize they said they couldn't even pick up our stuff until 2 weeks after the desired delivery date. Now every other mover we talked to is also booked. We made a huge mistake by trying to work with this company.
1	I had a terrible moving experience with S & M movers and United. Every load they delivered was crushed or in pieces. My kitchen table was unable to be repaired. For an unknown reason they had disassembled the base of the table and when they delivered it, there were missing pieces and they were unable to assemble it. They wanted to compensate me $48 for a table that was $1000 brand new.  Furthermore, I'm now stuck with trying to get rid of a broken table and the four chairs, which is difficult because I do not have a way to transport it. (Thus, the reason I hired movers to begin with.)  My most fragile and valuable item was my road bike.  I very carefully packaged it for the move and it arrived partially disassembled with damage to the gears.  The compensation they offered to fix it was $35...not even close to what it will cost. I would assume there would be some damage when moving items 2,000 miles across country, but the condition of my furniture and boxes was unacceptable. Try another company and hopefully you'll have better luck!
1	This company is by far the worst moving company I have experienced. They are the local agent for United Van Lines so when I called United my move was assigned to  this company.I moved from across the state from Az to Ca. First off, the day of the move was deferred to two days after a last minute notice. Never mind I thought, this happens. I was flexible. My husband had to take half a day off but it was ok. The movers reached on time and were respectful of our space, but we're not super fast.Two weeks later when it was time for the delivery, we were given a four hour window. We has moved into our new apartment so we were ready to settle in ASAP.On the day of delivery the movers reached an hour into the delivery window and started unloading. I was excited that at last we will have a house with our stuff in it. The two men were courteous and fast. Them came the trauma - the furniture was not all intact. Somehow they had managed to Brel the coffee table, side table, a desk, a bug dresser ( WTH).I asked if the movers could take care if the insurance, Ns obviously they denied as there is a laid out process according to which the customer will call the estimator, who is not going to have any sRed available for 10 days. after the estimators visit, it will take at least 15 days for his report to be submitted to the insurance who will in turn take another 15 days to process. There is a chance that the estimator is late in filing the report. So after this back and forth we received our insurance 3 months after the move.Not my most wonderful moving experience .
5	I had a wonderful experience with S&M movers. Clearly it depends on which movers you get based on the other reviews I've read.  I had Rob Morales and Kevin from Phoenix Arizona. They arrived promptly at 7 AM.  And they went over and above what could be expected with customer service.  They took extra care with my glass artwork.   They went over and above great customer service by locating client files left in the file cabinet.   I would be very surprised if anything is broken.  So sorry for others who did not get as excellent service as I did.
