2	I went here about a year ago and then went again about 5 months ago and both times my noodle (chicken low mein) tasted like dirt water.  I don't get it?  How do they get that specific dirt taste so perfectly? I gave 2 stars b/c my fiance's dish was good tasting but I don't remember what he had.  I just remember thinking, "this doesn't taste like dirt... so I must like it".  Anyhow, I suppose there is consistency.
4	I tried this place last night and I'm in-between a 3 and a 4.  I think I may try this place again but I went over here last night as a craving.  I used to live in Chandler area and that pick up stix was always good to me and this one doesn't quite do it but I think I'll give it a 2nd chance later.I got my food to-go and I was pretty happy with how fast I got my food.  It was a little shy of 5 minutes which seems okay to me.  Last night, they had a special of .25 per cheese wonton.  So I went ahead and got some of those.  Typical for dinner, the portions were a good size for one person.In the end, I like that there are plenty of vegetables and nuts in my kung pao chicken but the spicy orange something chicken?  That was just meat and in a smaller container.   Bottom line, I wanted brown rice and some chinese food and I got exactly what I wanted last night and it tasted good and nearby to me.
3	Better than Panda Express.  Will only eat here if I have too.
1	I agree with Sheila... this place is better than Panda Express. But in the way that manslaughter is better than murder. Both are bad, but one has a lesser sentence.
3	I think that Pick Up Stix uses much better quality ingredients than Panda Express and many other Asian fast food chains and is fairly affordable given the quality. Their lunch special is a particularly good deal - you get a choice between 3-4 specific meat dishes, a choice of wontons or egg rolls, a choice between different rices or chow mein, and a drink for $6.99. The House Special Chicken has a really flavorful sauce and is great combined with sauteed veggies (for $1 more), and the crab wontons are much better than ones I've had at many Asian restaurants that have kind of a fishy or overly creamy filling. However, echoing what some people have already said, the noodle dishes are not great here and should probably be avoided.
4	I don't care what the other reviewers say, this place is really good.  The House Special Chicken is great.This location is VERY clean and the food is always hot & tastes fresh.  They get a gold award every time from the health department.
1	Couldn't agree more with the majority of reviews. It's not good.I had gone to Best Buy to buy a new fridge. Thirty minutes later I am standing in the hi-fi section persuading myself that what I really need is a kick ass stereo.I decide to step outside to try and calm what could be an awful frenzy of spending. Pick Up Stix looks like a great place to grab a quick bite so I stop by. Like so much fast food, it sounds good. Seems convenient. But of course you leave regretting your actions almost immediately. Still, it worked. I have a new fridge.
3	Good or bad review depends on what you order.Bad = low quality meat in treacle-like sweet sauce. If I wanted a motherfucking candy bar I'd get a snickers.  Kthx.Pretty good = their vegetarian stuff in the white wine sauce. If you ask twice and speak slowly, they'll make it with soft and not deep fried tofu. It's pretty healthy and very tasty, and pairs nicely with their brown rice.Before you accuse me of vegetarian bias bitches, know that I think there's room for all of god's animals... right there next to the mashed potatoes.  Just not at Pick Up Stix.
2	This Pick Up Stix is one of the worst for quality.  I can order the same dish and, somehow, over the span of a week, it can be completely different.  Sometimes the food will have onions, sometimes it won't.  Some days the chicken will look fried, some days it will look defrosted.  Whatever, you get what you pay for, but this is my least favorite of a usually reliable chain.
3	Had lunch there, it was good although the price was high vs. the amount of food :X though very friendly employees and the food was good non the less i would agree that its better than Panda but nothing to special :)
1	If you like all your food sweet, this is your joint. I went with a group of three. The other two really liked their food, I did not. To my palette, all the dishes were overly sweet and terribly bland. I prefer more savory fare in the mix. And, call me crazy, I like to be able to distinguish individual flavors. The food was inexpensive, but that's all it had going for it.
2	Did I end up here on a bad day.. Id only been to one other Pick Up Stix, in San Diego.. so I was hoping for more.. end of story.. nothing to report.. just go there with espresso in the system..because its sleepy.. the menu and the people were just.. eh.. the food.. they forgot my sauces for the wontons.. and the dressing for my salad.. Never noticing til I got it home.. so when I rate as , "Ive seen and had better.. " trust me.. I have
4	My previous visits to this place left me quite unimpressed but recently there seems to have been a marked improvement in the food quality. The ingredients are fresher and the food is tastier. Service is friendly and the place itself remains clean, spacious, and bright as before.
3	I know Pick Up Fork wouldn't be as clever of a name but even after dating a Japanese American man for 11 years, I've yet to master the "Stix". We stopped in here post vitamin shopping-pre Marshall's shopping. I can shop for pills on an empty stomach but clothing? Nevah! I had VERY low expectations (Think Panda Express meets Lean Cuisine Asian Collection). The employee was very helpful in helping us decide on the lunches offered. I went with a crispy and light lemon chicken with fried rice and two cream cheese won tons. Delightful! Rickie was pleased with his dish though for the life of me I cannot remember what it was. And I must say I liked it better than Pei Wei which I keep trying for some reason and always feel ill afterwards! Like watching Big Brother. Ugh! For around seven bucks, not a bad deal and you don't have to fight the unrly, stroller-filled food court Panda Express crowd.
3	I think the 2 1/2 star rating for this place is pretty accurate. This was my first time here and the place reminded me of Pei Wei. When I mentioned this to the manager, he said Pick up Stix was here first and Pei Wei basically copied Pick up Stix. The manager and staff were helpful and pointed out the 2 for 1 special on Tuesday. So those looking for cheap average eats should head over to Pick up Stix on Tuesday.My Kung Pao Chicken was just average, not too exiting. But they do give you a mountain of food. A nice place to have a relaxing meal. But this would not be one of my top choices for asian food.
4	I am adding a star to Pick Up Stix in my updated review. I have found myself coming here about once a week; initially, because it's such a short drive from mi casa. Since the Kung Pao Chicken was so average the last time I visited, I thought I try some different items on the menu.The House Noodles which include beef, chicken and shrimp are yummy. But my new favorite is the Mongolian Beef. I don't smoke, but I was craving a cigarette after inhaling my most recent meal of Mongolian Beef and House Noodles; a body quaking foodgasm that made my day.
