1	Sad.... I stopped in last night and this is what I found; Place was empty, buffet was full but all items were badly dried-out and looked horrible, table and menu (especially menu) was greasy and sticky. Against my better judgment, I ordered a medium pizza with the stuffed-crust. My server tells me they are out of medium crust. I ask if they would be adjusting the price of a large (knowing there is only a few cents in wholesale costs between the two) and after he asks the MOD, I get a "no... sorry". OK..... I take this opportunity to do what I should have done in the first place. I tell my server just to ring me up for my diet Pepsi. He says "OK" and goes to get my bill. I hear him telling the MOD what's happening and he soon returns WITH A BILL FOR THE DRINK!!!!!  I paid $2.50 for half a diet Pepsi.Here was an opportunity for any manager with even half a brain to shine and make a customer happy, but failed miserably at every chance. Like I said at the start... SAD!! I'm betting the district management would not be pleased!
1	Worst pizza hut I have ever been to. We have given it several chances and no dice. The main problem is the fact that this location never seems to honor any deals that are in ads and If they do it's more expensive.
4	Food is always great, cashier is pretty rude, but prices are good. Always pretty clean in here. They can hold pretty large groups. last time we were here was for my sons baseball team. We had 34 people 14 kids under the age of 8, and the rest teenagers or adults, they stuck us with one server, which we all felt bad about because he ran himself to death all night, but he got a pretty hefty tip between all of us so hopefully we made up for it.
1	Lousiest restaurant in Apache Junction quit eating here 8 yrs ago because pizzas were undercooked two different orders! Tried the new sliders tonight and got charged $1 more because i did a set of the 3 with sausage, black olives, and extra cheese which the Order taker said i get 3 toppings on each! So i inquired with the manager and he claims extra cheese is never a side! Over a $1 he lost more customers to this lousy location!
3	Pizza is usually consistent.  Service is terrible.  One thing i must add is that I picked up an order to go where one of the pizzas was undercooked.  I called to complain once I got home and was credited for it right away.  But my main complaint is the staff, most are super rude and you can tell they are annoyed you're there.
