4	I generally hate the restaurants in the Apostrophe S league - Friday's, Chili's, Applebee's...you know what I mean.  I wasn't a fan of Friday's until I caught on to their happy hour appetizer specials.A ton of apps for 1, 2, or 3 dollars a piece.  You can walk in there with a 10  and 2 people and grub to your fat little heart's content.  Americana appetizers aren't that hard to screw up, either, so most of the stuff is pretty good.  Chips and salsa, chicken strips, onion rings, artichoke dip - nothing astounding, but for what amount and the price it can't be beat for a strapped-for-cash night nosh.
3	The whole entire company of where I work at decided to take out the hard working laborers as a sign of appreciation for their hard work.  So, my boss decided to take them and their significant spouses to TGI Fridays.  Original plan was to just order 2 minimum drinks and appetizers on the company.  Come to find out that she ended up just getting all the employees $10 gift cards to TGI Fridays.I made the reservations for 18 people to go there tonight for 5:30pm.  Originally it was meant to be for 6:30pm but as wonderful as my boss is, made the plans change on us without letting the other staff know.  Office staff gets there at 5:30pm and our table was ready for us.  The atmosphere is very laid back and chill since it was "Happy Hour".  So, everyone who was happy to get out of work was there tonight.We started out with drinks.  I decided to get a Margarita on the rocks.  It was the grossest margarita I've ever had.  It was too sweet and not enough alcohol.  I don't think they even put any in there.  So, I gave it to my boss and I just ordered a Corona.  Can't go wrong with a cerveza.  As for food, I just decided to get appetizers with my date - Signature Hamburgers and fries.  Just as I expected, nothing to brag about.  I ordered some ranch and it seemed watered down so I put that aside also.  Good thing about this place is the service was awesome.  They were so good and fast at getting our orders out.  I would go back for them.  But as for the food, I think I'd rather get in-n-out burgers.We didn't bother to get dessert and decided to just get the bill.  It all came out to $33.00.  Imagine that, with the $10 voucher my boss gave us... Okay, I'll stop.  I'm just amazed at how wonderful my boss is to give us that as a sign of appreciation instead of doing what she said she was gonna do and that was to treat the company with petty cash.  Cheap-O!
3	I hate to start this out on a bad note, but really hate when it is so dark in a restaurant that you can't read the menu! Luckily the hostess was able to find us a window seat [luckily it was still daylight hours]. Our poor waitress seemed like she really didn't want to be there and she was making minimal effort. Discretion is probably something the staff should work on because we overhead another waiter tell our waitress that her parole office was on the phone...DISCRETION anyone???The food was what you can expect from chain restaurants. Fried macaroni and cheese was absolutely delish and I was really pleased with my bacon bbq sliders. A friend had the salmon and deemed it "alright, but could have used more flavor." The cherry limeade/strawberry lemonade slushies were  tasty, but I really just think that it was juice, maraschino cherry juice, and mini ice cubes...not quite the slushy I'm used to.
1	closed.
