4	A friend discovered this place when we tried to meet up elsewhere and found they were booked solid. Nails 63 has only been open for three months and is situated within spitting distance of a tire place and a tattoo parlor. The interior is a total contrast to the surrounding environment. It's clean and very spacious. We went it at 4pm on a Wednesday and were attended right away. My technician was really good and friendly. Prices are comparable, if not slightly better, to similar nail salons. I took off one star only because they don't do paraffin wax, which I usually get.
1	Worst eyelash extension place ever! This place should stick to nails ONLY and even then I'm skeptical they can do that well. I already have extensions but the place I frequent PAULINA'S ESTHETICS in Milwaukee could not fit me in for a fill on my tight schedule. I found a place I thought I could trust and even made an appointment. Within the first 5 minutes of laying on the table my eyes have been glued together and she had placed many eyelashes upside down! She blamed me and said I flinch too much even though I told her she was poking my eyes with the tweezers it hurt so bad! Then she used ACETONE to "unstick" my eyeLIDS. yes, I said ACETONE!!!! HOW STUPID CAN THIS IDIOT BE? After all this torture for what I thought was a routine touch up she charged me $10 more than the advertised $30 for this mess. HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!!! STAY AWAY!! ZERO Stars!!!
2	I decided to give this place a try after driving by and reading reviews. I wanted a pink/white acrylic set, which I've had done before at other salons. They decided since I wanted them short to just do white tips, which I was actually like the look of better. However, it took over an hour for the service and it was painful. I understand some level of pain goes into the process, but this was not typical. He filed my fingertip so bad that it bled, then he put a skin protectant on without even rinsing the dust out. It burned for a long time and actually was infected within an hour. Also, it doesn't look like they are very sanitary because he used a shared buffing block and put the cuticle oil on from an open shared tub with a brush that just sits in it. To top it off, it cost $40 - which is at least the same if not more than the salon I know does high quality work.  The space looked nice, very large, but no one else was in the salon over a weekday lunch hour.For me, it was too much money, too much time and too much pain for an "ok" job. I'd rather go elsewhere.
5	My friend found this place while riding her bike past the other day and asked me to go along for a pedicure today. Wow. I had the best pedicure I've ever had. The staff was awesome and took their time scrubbing, cutting cuticles and polishing my feet while I sat at a fabulous massage chair and totally relaxed! Great value for price! I'll definitely be back!
4	In a few words: nice, quiet, and cheap. I've only been here for pedicures, so I can't comment on their other services. I'm too hard on my fingernails to ever get anything done with them and the thought of lash extensions scare me a bit. Pedicures, I'm all about though. The places is spacious and very clean. They have a decent selection of colors on their polish wall including some more out there bright colors. The massage chairs work well with out shaking me so bad that I can't read whatever book I've brought along. The leg/foot massage that goes with the pedicure is a nice long one. I've been to a few places that barely massage for a minute or two. This was a solid 5 min of massage which my tired footsies appreciated. I've always been able to do a walk in with little or no wait. $35 for a nice pedicure is a nice little splurge that leaves my feet happy.
1	I stopped in this location on a recommendation from several people to the salon to get a fill in done and the woman refused to do my nails because I would not take my shoes off. I do not know what taking my shoes off has to do with having my nails done and when I told her I did not want to take off my shoes she said that her owner did not like people coming in with shoes on in the winter then told me if I wanted my nails done that I would have to take my shoes off or she would not do them. She then pointed to the slippers that were in front of the salon for me to put on my feet and they look like old house shoes from someone's home that have been worn and very unsanitary. I will be calling the state board on this particular location for their cleanliness.I will not recommend this place to anyone to have their nails done especially when I informed her there was nothing posted that my shoes needed to be removed in order to do the service I was requesting.Extremely poor customer service as far as I'm concerned this is not how you do business. They were not busy and my shoes were not dirty,the parking lot was dry so I was not tracking in any salt.
1	Went in today to get an acrylic set. Was greeted by a male worker and asked what I wanted. I proceeded to tell him that I wanted an acrylic set with a french manicure with an oval tip, easy right? He says yes they do that and a lady proceeds to help me. I tell her I want oval tips and she takes the next 3 minutes to try and tell me that its a bad idea and that it wont work...even though I've gotten it done exactly that way many times at other salons. She proceeded to glue white tips on my bitten nails and I ask her why when that will make half of my nail white not the tip like french nails. Then she yells at me that I asked for white tips and that its my fault. Needless to say I had her remove them and left. I do NOT recommend this place. Yes it may be $10 cheaper than other salons but they are RUDE and UNPROFESSIONAL. Went on to command other customers as I left. Do not try this place.
4	This place is VERY clean, which is important to me in a nail salon. The location is also convenient for me on the east side, near the Hy-Vee.I went in for a regular pedi and a shellac manicure. They were able to very closely match the polish for both, but not exactly. Not sure if I selected an odd color or if that's the norm. Other nail salons I've been to have had exact matches.Pedicure was good. Would have appreciated more foot massage and less calf massage, but that's a personal preference. Next time I will make my preferences known.I had a complicated order for the manicure: shellac French mani with turquoise tips (less noticeable as it grows out if you only have color on the tips. I also wanted a thin line of silver glitter between the tip and the rest of the nail. They turned out totally fine, but there could have been a bit better artistic ability on the glitter line and tips.I will return next time I need nail services and would recommend this place to others, especially for pedicures.
5	This place is great! Three of us got pedicures with very short notice. They gave very long massages and my nails look great!
