5	I recently discovered how much I love film photography and thanks to my amazing mum got my hands on an old Nikon in excellent condition. Having hardly any knowledge about film cameras (I was so used to the snap-and-see mentality little digital ones give) I was told that this place is the point of reference for anyhting to do with film cameras in the city.And it sure is. Located in Morningside, this shop has a passion for photography and it's one of the oldest in the City. They showed me how to load my film and use some of the manual features, as well as some tip bits about my photography. They are certainly my first stop should anything happen to my new (old)baby.The other occasion I came here was with my friend who is also into photography, but in a more professional way (he has the big lenses and the works for his digital ones). He had this idea of how to best test out optic lenses so it would be easier to compare one another. He went to several photography shops with the unusual request to try out their lenses. The people at Camerabase were great about it. The manager was extremely helpful and cooperative, and my friend left pleased with their customer service.One last point, the shop is sort of divided to Camerabase that deals with the Sales side (new or second hand cameras, all sorts of equipment for both film and digital) and Cameratiks which deals with repairs.
5	Though slightly out of my way, there is nowhere else I'd go if I had camera-questions. No-one else I'd trust with my precious photographic equipment. I only ever walked in here by mistake. Not because I knew there was a very good camera-shop somewhere in Morningside, but because there was the typical display in the window of beautiful cameras and lenses I could never ever afford.The people who work there have always been helpful. Answering my incessant questions when I was thinking of splashing out and getting myself an 85mm, 1.8. Film photography might be suffering in the digital age, but Camerabase and Cameratiks are very adamantly in denial. And this is a good thing. By denial, I mean they haven't given up.And they're also not trying to make money off you at your expense. I took an old digital SLR of mine there for repair because I was foolish enough to let a drunk friend of mine handle it and they pretty much assured me it wasn't worth fixing, that I could probably get a new one for cheaper. And I did. If you need anything in the realm of cameras, go there. Oh! Before I forget: they also sell expired film (which is a bit like food that's gone out of date: a lie) for cheaper. Film's hella expensive these days so it's good to know there're some places you can get it cheaper. Even if it is at your own risk.
5	A real optical gem.PRICE: Products here tend to be high-end, but many products are either second-hand or cheap anyway, with good value across these price ranges.SERVICE: Knowledgeable and friendly. QUALITY: Kit ranges from a number of beautiful mechanical SLRs to old slide projectors and accessories.CHOICE: A wide range of old kit and accessories, all well laid out and easy to find.I chanced upon this shop once when walking the dog and decided that it was well worth a look in. Being a man with a love of cameras I found this shop a delight. Its walls are stacked high with all kinds of finery: monoculars, binoculars, tripods, slide and film projectors, all manner of lenses, a museum-like array of old cameras (some dating back to the middle of the last century and before), digital cameras of various ages and types, old film, new film, camera bags, cleaning solutions and so on. I spent a long time enjoying looking around, and when it came to asking a couple of questions concerning a rather obscure piece of kit, they had good answers, and displayed that they really did know their stuff. They do repairs too, and though I am fortunate enough to have not needed their help, I would infer from the look of the workshop at the back that they would know what they are doing. I would recommend that if you are a mechanical photographer, this should be your stockist, and if you are someone who wants any ancillary kit for either digital or film photography then this place is where you need to be.As one final note: if you are lucky enough to glance up the stairs at the back, you may have the pleasant surprise of seeing the fluffy and friendly resident border collie lying lazily on the landing...
