3	Meh, I like mine better. This is the last place I ever expected to hear a remix of the Thong Song being spun, so that may have something to do with my lukewarm feelings. Patio is a plus - nice tables, covered areas, comfier than the C/W CM, but I didn't see a stage area, so not sure if they're doing live music.  Less stuff on the shelves here than the other outpost but the beer selection is still rad. Open interior, bright colors, weird neuron-looking sculptures hanging from the ceiling. As comprehensive a selection of chotchkeys - we saw bacon floss. Eclectic crowd. Dug on the little brick alleyway they're hid beyond, very euro. Bathrooms are ridiculously large but very clean.So ya! Once this CM gets broken in a bit, it'll be awesome.
5	Pretty great location- near a light rail stop, has its own parking, and a small courtyard.  Excellent beer selection and really friendly staff.  If you work uptown, its a great place to grab a sandwich for lunch.  The deli menu is great an imaginative, or you can create your own.  The best part about CM is the atmosphere.  It's a great place to hang out and have a coffee or beer, bring a date, or get a few quick groceries made by real people.  They have wine tastings, a cool out door courtyard, buttons and bumper stickers and fun stuff on the walls.
5	Love the deli and good selection of alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages.  Great wine specials and beer tastings on Wednesday.  The crowd was always more punk than I was, but no one seemed to care.  The sandwiches are so good, and you can grab one that is already made if you are in a hurry!
4	This location has a completely different feel than the Plaza Midwood location. Great patio, nice place to chill. I didn't feel like I was on exhibit when I walked in.I guess it's pretty standard at CM that you have to spend over $5 or you'll get an extra charge on your credit cards. So take note all you plastic carriers. *Note jotted down* Last week they had the Tailgate Farmers Market set up in the patio/courtyard area. It was a very intimate setting and it seemed like a good fit. A couple Fridays ago they were having wine tastings too. Seems like this is a popular and diverse place! Give both locations a try and see which one fits you best!
4	Sometimes I'm just not in the mood to trek out the two miles to hit up Harris Teeter or Trader Joe's - that's when I hit up Common Market. This location is nestled in the north part of South End - just a few steps from the light rail. They offer everything from gourmet sammies, household items, beer, wine, delicious coffee and delectable treats. I highly recommend their desserts - I once had a slice of some type of turtle cheesecake that was out of this world. You do pay a bit more for what you get here - but, hey, that's quality and convenience for you. The owners are super friendly and I've always felt welcomed by the staff. This particular Common Market is a bit more low key than the Plaza location, with a sweet little patio off to the side of the building. This is the perfect spot to grab a few rolls of paper towels and while you're at it, snag a great sandwich and a beer on the way out.
4	Oh Common Market - How I love thee!  Every time I'm in need of a little pick me up I head over to the hustle and bustle that is the Common Market SouthEnd.  I love going there during the day-time when all the skater kids are in their drinking cokes out of glass bottles.  CM just drives a really eclectic group of locals into one place for yummy sandwiches, homemade treats and of course adult beverages.  It's a great place to hang out and kick it when you are just trying to catch up with friends, and actually hear what they're saying.
3	Nice patio to relax and eat. Also pet friendly which is a plus
4	Once we got the interweb up and running, the current wi-fi password says it all... "igotsexypower".  The Southend location (NOT Dilworth) is a different scene than the one in the Wood.  Its a laidback atmosphere still, but you get more of the business casual regulars than Midwood hipsters.The back patio is perfect for afternoon meetings.  Especially since they carry a nice selection of bottled and canned (who needs anything other than an ice cold PBR tallboy, honestly?) craft and macro-brew beers to tilt back.  They also have a few taps running for that tasty draft feeling.  The wine selection is pretty decent as well.If the alcoholic thing is not your style, they have pretty much any of the happening new energy style or hi-tech hydration products to satisfy your thirst.The deli is always cranking out some tasty vittles and I am always primed for a deluxe chicken salad sandwich.  I love their recipe and everything in this world is better with bacon.  The prepared desserts will throw you into that fantastic sugar coma.  I think there was a mocha espresso cheesecake that took me a few attempts to finish because of its richness.For take out, its also one of the pit stops in the CLT where you can procure the ever so delectable Pasta & Provisions line.  Mmmmm... fresh pasta.Usually, CM Southend is one of the stops on the Two Wheel Tuesday tour and there are sensation beergarten parties on the back patio regularly.  Enjoy!
4	I love this joint. I finally ventured into the South end location after checking out the Plaza location only once. Being mid day Monday, there were a few people there which meant faster service for me-yay!I like the set up of this location much more than the Plaza location and absolutely love the outdoor patio. Sometimes I just want a fresh, hearty sandwich or wrap and this will be my new go to. I got the Mid Eastern wrap on a spinach/herb tortilla and it was fabulous. It could've had more flavor but it kept me full for awhile so in my book, that's money well spent. The cashier was friendly as well, I was telling him how excited I am that they have one in that location since it's a lot closer to me and he gave me the low down on all that they offer (Including brunch which I am stoked to try). And they open at 630A which is just awesome since I am a morning person living in the South where many things don't open until later.I see myself day drinking here in the future!
4	Fun place with organic-ish / natural type food options (sandwiches etc.) They do a good breakfast / brunch although we were too late for that. Good coffees and wines to have while you hang out. The outside patio is eclectic with odd furniture and such. However one of the workers was smoking out there as well as a customer (who hadn't seemed to have purchased anything) so that get's a little old for the rest of us who are spending good money. But since it's a little different from the typical food joints, they're worth a revisit.
4	Don't have a patio? No problem, just come hang out at common market. I ventured out on Sunday to one of my favorite places, Laurel Market South, and discovered it was closed. Plan B was hitting up common market down the street and, fortunately, I was not disappointed. This place has a plethora of personality and a very diverse selection of beverages. The deli was good - many veg options. I had the Olympian wrap and was alright with it - a little too salty for my tastes. I enjoyed this wrap along with a delicious Ginger ale in the sick courtyard they have. I feel like it would be a great spot to venture on a sat afternoon to relax and have a beer with friends.
4	I finally made it to The Common Market after working in walking distance for the last couple of years. I had a tasty sandwich and really loved the patio...they did seem really busy not sure if its always this way but it was prime time for lunch - I got my sandwich fast but my friend had to wait quite awhile for hers. Not a problem though I will be back...the staff was super friendly recommended a unique drink celery soda (think it was Dr. Browns) I will also recommend it... similar to sprite without being uber sweet. I did browse by the wine section briefly how could you not and noticed they carry my favorite little pink cans of Sophia Coppola sparkling wine major + for me.
5	The CM provides a nice alternative for a casual night out. All of the eats are delectable; the cigarettes are sold in packs and as singles (perfect for the social smoker who can't quite kick the habit); they've got plenty of drink options; and they're staffed with some NICE folks. The patio here is the draw and its communal atmosphere lends itself to an air of intimacy you certainly dont find in a bar. It's nice to sit and drink and talk to people you may or may not know at the table beside you. Oh, and they have music Saturday nights. When a lazy Saturday afternoon drink turned into several hours of quiet inebriation, I was startled back to sobriety by an acoustic doom metal show-- that was outrageously original in its satirical hilarity. In general, the shows are acoustic and the music they showcase is good and local.BONUS: (1) Apple tree with tasty/tart green apples.  (2)Dog water bucket for the pooch.  (3) Cook out Sundays!
3	I've been to the Common Market in Southend several times now and it's a great place to get some coffee, beer or a good bottle of wine. The choices for beer are endless from cases, to six packs to tall boys. There's a great patio outside that has music and beer tasting of local brews. You can also get the deli sandwich and single desert if necessary. My only complaint and the reason I held back one extra star is because they don't carry milk. I needed it the other day for a recipe and was out so I ran here and, ugh...nothing. Offer me  half gallon of the white stuff and I'll raise it to 4 stars. Until then, I'll always return for my beer/wine and coffee needs.
3	Where to start?  The Southend version of the Common Market has many things to talk about, and I'm sure I'll miss something.First, you have the market.  On that front, it's not bad.  I mean, it's a market.  They are a bit on the funky side, but generally they aren't much different than any other convenience store.Next you have the "deli", where they serve up fare that is generally healthier than your usual fast food, and at a decent pace (unless they are busy, which can happen).  The only thing that is a bit bizarre here is you go to the back to order, then back to the front to pay, perhaps shopping while you make it there, then wander around while you wait, then pick up your food - and you don't typically have to show a receipt that you did pay.  You also have to guess as to when it's ready, because they don't let you know and they don't bring it out to you.  And there isn't a sign saying that you go through this process.  You're just supposed to know (or ask).  It's not bad, it's just awkward, and more so for first-timers.Finally you have the patio, often adorned with lights of some kind, and usually featuring dogs, music and a variety of clientele.  It can actually be quite a nice place to enjoy your food and even an offering of the CM, such as a beer tasting.  The downside?  Even if there aren't many people there who are smoking, it smells like smoke.  If you smoke, it's not a big deal, but if you don't, it's a bit overwhelming.As to the food?  It's decent.  Much of the packaged food, even the not-quite-what-you-would-find-elsewhere stuff, it's not generally outstanding, because it is packaged after all.  What you get from the deli is typically good, but it may not be worth the hassle of everything else.  Probably better than what you or I could make at home, but maybe not, as I have no idea who you are.  I only know my own limitations.
4	This was one of the first places I visited after arriving in Charlotte from the northeast. I showed up later in the evening after deli hours so I can't recommend that, but as far as a hangout area where you can snag a drink or two, I definitely would recommend it. This place provides you with a very comfortable, hipster-esque environment and friendly staff. For the average beer snob, you'll be content with the selection- I snagged a dark Belgian ale and kicked back with a friend of mine and people watched for an hour or two. Aside from their alcoholic drink selection, they offer a lot of organic and healthy drinks like Reed's Ginger Brew and Kombucha.The only set back I can think of is they close at 10pm on weekdays and midnight on the weekends.if you're the type to kick back in skinny jeans, a vintage T shirt and drink PBR, you'll feel right at home.
4	Do places like Common Market exist outside Charlotte? It's a crazy bar/corner store/deli hybrid and I gotta say, I kinda dig it. It's a great place to hang out with friends, where I can grab a beer (or six) and hang out on the patio. If I get hungry, I can grab a snack or a sandwich.
5	Great sandwiches, vegan and veggie snacks, all sorts of beers to buy and carryout, and great beers on tap too.  If one of these opened in ATL they would make a killing.
3	When this first opened right around the corner from me, it took me longer than it should have to drop by. So when I finally did, it had a lot of hype to live up to. I have eaten here. I have drank here and purchased alcohol to go. I have attended events on the patio here. All were enjoyable. Actually, I'll even go above that for the beer and deli- both were excellent. But I mean... they close at 10 and... I thought the whole point of.... the other one is open until... anyway. The website says 12 every night but a friend and I were most definitely locked out at 10:02 one Thursday night. And I went to an advertised music event, made the mistake of showing up fashionably late at 9:30ish, and the music was done before my beer was. It kind of takes away the lure of going if you feel like you're rushed out by 10 like it's CVS.Night owls need beer too! I would love this to be a place I frequent but my own patio is open all night.
4	When I want to have a couple drinks near home the Dilworth (I like to say Wilmore) location of Common Market is my go-to spot.  It's my spot for grab-and-go beer, my source for tea tree toothpicks and the best spot to find any sort of political or Jesus gear.  I don't think that there are quite as many tattoos at this location, but hipsters are abundant and I like the vibe.  I felt concerned at first that the proximity to Uptown would lead to a yuppie vibe, but skinny jeans and funky glasses prevailed in the end.  Good sandwiches, good coffee, bands, beer tastings, tortas and cat litter.  I don't even have a cat, but I know where to find litter close to home if I ever do.
4	My favorite casual place. Great outdoor seating. Good micro brew selection. Live music or DJ often. My favorite chair is the broken one with deer print seat.
4	This review is for the Common Market in Southend.  #1 reason for loving this place - they are pet friendly!  My two little ones had a ball while a friend and I sipped on some budget friendly wine.  They even keep dog treats behind the counter and an employee went out of his way to get a bowl of water after the pups tired themselves out!  The atmosphere is very laid back and welcoming.  The clientele is a mix of young and old and everyone is super friendly!  You actually kind of have to be if you are sitting inside...the tables are very close together :)  Common Market offers a nice selection of wines and beer.  I usually spend $12-15 on a bottle of red.  They also have a unique selection of homemade food and sweets.  I had a chocolate chip/coconut brownie "thing" that was just amazing.  They also sell a bunch of vegan and vegetarian foods, in addition to the regular deli style sandwiches that are available.I'm a fan! Me and the kids (i.e. my doggies) will be heading back.  Dogs deserve a Friday night out too once in a while!
4	Common Market in Southend has all the charms of the Plaza Midwood location...but with a bigger, open patio around back. Whether you're winding up for an evening in Southend or winding one down, add Common Market to your list.  Oversized Christmas lights, solid indie rock/reggae soundtrack, and the ability to interact with folks in an environment with absolutely no pretense.  I have yet to visit a weekend establishment in Charlotte where its so easy to strike up a conversation with a stranger.  It's hard to get a set indoors on Thursdays or the weekends, but this doesn't deter hard-core "slacker" types.  There's never a cover charge and dress codes are irrelevant...just a good place to loiter after dark.
5	Last night I went to the Vinopoly at the Common Market! It was grand! 22 wines to taste on the patio. It was 5 dollars admission and you could use the 5 dollars off on a bottle of wine or any purchase ! All sorts of wine, Argentina, Italy, Spain, California . Also a spin the bottle game and ring toss for more off the wine. They also brought out a huge cheese tray and cracker tray. The wine reps were most informative and would answer any question you had about the wines. The wines were great I ended up buying two bottles of I Perazzi from La Mozza winery ( which happens to be owned by Mario Battali) It was a great hearty red with big bold chocolate and tobacco flavors..really heavy and rich! It was 17.99 a bottle and with the five dollar off coupon and also an extra 10 percent off from the "Spin the Bottle game" it was very reasonable. I would definitely go back for any wine tasting they have!!
2	This use to easily be a 5 star place for me - awesome location, great atmosphere, super drink selection (beer & wine), and something way different than your usual marketplaces. I spend a lot of time and money here since I live in the neighborhood. BUT...  I have had some major issues with customer service lately..why the heck are they hiring mean people?! When I made a comment about a product they were out of - the person at the counter literally shrugged...I mean really you cannot have an actual response? I wasn't making an off-putting comment - it was more disappointment than anything else. I noticed on another occasion a girl told her boyfriend " wow that guy must not like me" ...it was the same guy being rude to another customer. Then on a separate occasion I waited 20 minutes for a deli sandwich ...as I watched several people walk up and take their sandwiches home I finally had to ask where mine was. I was told " some asshole took yours"- and then he slammed my sandwich down on the counter in front of me. Well excuse me, last I saw you had to hand the sandwich to that "asshole" -so you actually just gave my sandwich to the wrong person. I was honestly stunned by the response. I would have been fine if they at least told me why I was waiting so long (before having to ask) or here is a novel idea offer an apology. I love the venue but with the attitude I've experienced lately - I will have to start looking elsewhere.
5	The Common Market, where Charlotte meets Brooklyn (almost). How can you not like that? It's a market/cafe with a great beer and wine selection and an open patio with an apple tree. It even comes with a little New York attitude.
4	I loved the culture at The Common Market.  Everyone there was very nice, the sandwiches were great, and there were by no means any shortage of beverages to choose from.  Deeps selections of premium beer, wine, sodas, waters, etc.I ordered a BLT sandwich on 9 grain bread which was very tasty.  I also bought Dirty sweet potato ships and a low calorie watermelon soda to go with it.  It was a reasonably-priced, healthy meal that I couldn't argue with.By the way, they played my some great music outside where we ate.  My coworkers disagreed.  Will be back here soon for lunch.
3	I used to love going up here, now it has turned into a hipster hangout.  If that is your thing then you will love it.  If not then steer clear, afternoons are cool but the evenings and nights (Fri and Sat) tend to be DJ oriented to the point where it is hard to talk to people.  Good beer selection and food!
4	This is an awesome little find close to the Dilworth area in Charlotte. I've been here for lunch a few times and they custom make your sandwich/wrap to order. They have a eclectic variety of beverages and snacks as well. They also allow dogs indoors and out. Parking may be hard to find though so get here early.
3	Common Market is my "go to" spot when I want a simple sandwich & a bottle (or 2) of the pink sparkling sake (that Soul Gastrolounge serves). My favorite sandwich is the 'BLT Deluxe' - bacon, lettuce, tomato, white american cheese & pickles - so yummy!I love the layout of the place, you can grab snacks, "adult beverages" & soft drinks / water juice. They also serve coffee.All the staff there are very nice & friendly. I absolutely adore the outside patio area. It's great to sit out there on nice sunny days.
5	Fantastic and stupidly fresh deli sandwhichesHuge selection of sidesHuge selection of beers (including drafts) and non-alcoholic beveragesFriendly serviceComfortable atmosphere Community gatherings Nice patio Nice pricesHipsters EVERWHERE!What's not to like? The place makes me feel like I am hanging out at a friend's house who happens to have the most stacked refrigerator ever. Ride a bike for added cred.
4	Same great food menu and beer selection of the original Common Market, but with more sitting room inside and out. Also the overall look of the place is slightly more polished.I have started going to this CM more often for the sole reason that the seating is so much better and I love getting work done on my laptop while sitting out in the fenced in patio area.They also seem to have a lot of weekly events, though I'm usually not around later at night to witness them. I have seen some decent live music and DJs here though.
3	Staff was not as friendly as when went I went to the north store (why only the 3 stars...gave the north store 5) but great selection of beer and wines.  Heard rave reviews about the food but did not have time to try.
5	This place gets five stars for the patio alone. It's just a bonus that it also has an excellent deli, fantastic selection of beer and wine, interesting knick knacks and a chill, weird atmosphere that's rare in Charlotte. Events at CM are great fun, from movies to music. The crowd is there to relax and have a good time. If what you want to do is  "hang out," this place was made for it!
4	A worthy update for the Common Market...new obsessions include:-The J Wrap: a tasty breakfast wrap filled with eggs, cheese and black bean/corn mixture with bits of tomato and onion. Your choice of protein and carb...utter deliciousness. -7 Layer Bar: Mmmhmmm treats! Just get one.-Scoop Salad: Just $5 for a scoop of chicken salad (my fave) atop of fresh greens and some decent dressing options. -Milk: They now carry a few half gallons of milk! Still the same friendly employees, awesome patio and surprisingly fresh and innovative beer specials. See ya soon, Common Market.
5	Fun and always delicious!
5	So I went to lunch with a friend and had a beer, but the place was so corporate I didn't feel relaxed. my friend says to me, "Want to have a beer at a place more relaxed?"  I was like, "yes!" We jumped on the train and headed to the Common market. The Common market, it's this cool chill spot where a little bit of everyone meets. If you want lunch, or a beer, this is the place to go. If you want to meet a friend for casual conversation, or you are meeting that special someone for a casual day date. This is the place.  They have great food, great atmosphere. They have a day for wine tasting as well, beer.  I tell you, "Check this place out!" You will not be disappointed! http://commonmarketisgood.com
5	Common Market is anything but common.  It's fantastic, I had delicious black bean soup the other day, worth five stars alone on the soup.  Then add the great, friendly staff, the selection of beer & wine, prepared food, the music mix and all the kitsch, I'm in love. And you know that means you, Rob R. PS-they are always really cool when I want to take photos too.  I've even had a bride in Common Market drinking Prosecco.  I know this surprises you.Great neighborhood hangout.
4	This place is pretty fantastic. They have something for everyone, from local craft beer to fun sandwiches. They do wine and beer tastings, and we were there for the Cold Mountain Winter Ale keg, which evidently is a hot item in Charlotte. The market isn't huge, but it has a great backyard with lots of space and seating. There is a small five-seat bar and there are several tables inside. One side is dedicated to craft and regular beer/wine, and there is a deli counter in the back.Sandwiches are cheap, from about $6-8, and offer everything from turkey and sun-dried tomato spread to baked tofu. There are ample options for vegetarians and vegans, as well as a ton of choices for bread, fillings, and spreads. They also have a ton of kettle chips, side salads, and soups.The guy behind the counter was really nice and brought our food to us at the bar. Bartender was cool as well. I liked this place so much, I hit up the other location on Commonwealth and was pleased to learn it has the same vibe and the same helpful, friendly staff. When I return to Charlotte, I will certainly return.(For my fellow New Yorkers and Jersey kids, this place reminded me greatly of Bierkraft in Park Slope.)
4	Ever been to the Paper Skyscraper in Dilworth?  Yea - like that, only with delicious sandwiches, hard to find chips, a sweet outdoor patio area, and Garbage Pail Kids cards - that's right... Garbage Pail Kids cards.I've had multiple types of sandwiches now and they've all been much better than average.  The Common Market is slowly creeping up on, and taking over my top choice for sandwiches in Charlotte, RiRa's sandwich bar.  The Jack Kennedy (egg salad, bacon, horseradish) is good, but I like the Reuben on marble rye even better.If you're a soup person, they're selection is top notch and fresh daily.  The real tip is to get there before noon.  Your wait time  for them to make your samich before noon on a weekday? about 5 minutes - after noon?  about 25.  At least there's a bunch of cool shtuff to look at, including some crazy one-off beers, wines, and desserts.
5	Great neighborhood hang out on a week night. Meet complete strangers that are friendly, intelligent and outgoing. Great wine and beer selection. Also great place to explore different little knicknacks, sandwiches and entrees. On Fri and/or Saturdays, there is live bands that place this venue. Very artsy crowd and I love it.
4	Am I in the village in NYC or is this Charlotte?  Holy hipsters everywhere!  This place is way better than the other Common Market.  There a bunch of delicous beers to be had and I even found a Moses Action Figure!   Score!  I love the outside patio and there is always room to meet new people.  I will say that this place is way more fun in the summer than the winter because the patio is where its at.
4	Good spot to hang out and pre game. They have a wide range of brew and wine. Fun little knick knacks all around. Sandwiches are pretty tasty as well!!
3	I totally get the appeal of this place. It feels like a neighborhood joint and is a great mix of deli, grocery store, and coffee shop. Its adorable inside and has lots of character. However, I have to say the fact that the servers make the sandwiches without gloves and handle the meat without gloves grosses me out. Maybe I'm a clean freak, but you should wear gloves when you're making sandwiches and handling meat and other ingredients. Sorry. Otherwise, the food is very good, and there's a great mix of snacks and desserts!
4	Tired of playing the chain game when it comes to Charlotte restaurants and pubs? Step outside of your burger box and $9.99 bottle of grocery store wine, and get yourself into The Common Market on S. Tryon Street! Prior to meeting up with a fellow Yelper, I will admit I was a Common Market virgin. But, after perusing the isles of endless wines, wandering past the daily deli specials, and settling into the charming common area I gladly handed over my CM V-card.   Looking back it's hard to believe that I have overlooked such a great place for so long.  The Common Market is a "you want it, they got it" kind of store. They've effortlessly crossed off everything on my list, I bet they'd do the same to yours.THE LIST: Food: Hungry for breakfast, lunch or dinner? Swing by the deli for some fresh daily specials. Or make your way towards the front of the store to indulge in a junk food frenzy, and old school pop shop filled with nearly every soda you could possibly imagine.   Spirits: Racks on top of racks, and stacks on top of stacks of wine?! What could be more fine?! Well, let me tell you. The Common Market has wine on racks and beer on tap. So feel free to grab a few friends and enjoy your drink of choice at one of The Common Market community events. The more the merrier! Atmosphere: The perfect mid-day get away. Quaint, Cozy and Contemporary with just a hint of artistic expression The Common Market certainly captivates the eye of its clientele. Customers are sure to enjoy the comfort of CM's eclectic decor while dining in the perfectly mismatched common area, surrounded by multicolored walls and various works of art. I can best describe the interior design of The Common Market as a seamless blend of "a little bit of old and a little bit of new." The staff here generously gives all of their clientele a refreshing dose of southern hospitality. On my first visit to CM I did not touch one door as I made my way into the market. A kind male customer and an amicable CM staff member thoughtfully opened both doors for me. I was amazed! Chivalry isn't dead; it's alive and kickin at The Common Market. I was also bid "good morning" by both of these men and the kind woman working behind the register. Such considerate and genuine people I'd encountered on my visit. The kindness must be contagious because as I left CM I was all smiles. Their customer service alone could keep me coming back for more.    So it's safe to say if you're looking for a niche, to fix your itch to change up your pace, choose The Common Market, and while you're there have a taste. ;) Happy Yelping
5	Great great great. Beer... Wine... What else can a guy ask for. Both southend and plaza midwood offer a great selection and are super cool with questions or needed direction. Get a sandwich. Have a draft. And chill out.
4	What an awesome find for a first time visitor to Charlotte!  I was actually in Charlotte over night and stayed near the airport, but soon discovered there is nothing decent to eat in that area.  So as always, I pull up the Yelp app, searched sandwiches (because yes, I crave a good sammich!) and the CM came up.  After reading one review that meantioned deli, beer and wine, I was already pulling up directions.  Pretty easy to get to, which is saying a lot for this directionally challenged girl =)The place was pretty busy for a Wednesday night, but I easily found my way around.  I hit up the deli in the back for a chicken salad sandwich on marbled rye and a bag of chips.  While I waited for the sammich to be freshly made, I admired the extensive beer selection and was impressed for a place like this.  The great thing is that whatever beer or wine you buy you can plop right down at one of their tables and test it out!  Next time I shall do this, especially if its patio weather.  This time, being the great wife I am, bought a 4-pack of a local beer (recommended by a guy that works there, super friendly!) to bring back as a souvenir for my hubby.  I took the sammich and chips back to my hotel room to consume and it was really good.  Can't wait to try the Moo-hoo, chocolate milk stout.  They have quite a selection of food items to choose from (and other deli items you can buy prepackaged) so next time I will definitely try something new.  Love, Love, Love finding places like this!  Will definitely be back!
5	Why hello, common market, and look at your stellar craft beer selection! I must say, common market is an amazing local staple. Half of the fun is educating yourself on the astute choices of brews to choose from. You just seem to feel like branching out and trying a micro/craft brew that you've never heard of before. Or, for the hipster at heart, grab a PBR and join the crowd. Their selection varies, so be sure to check back for seasonals and different locales to be featured/available.I love the giant drums of beer and glass bottled coke throughout the shop as well. Makes it feel less like grocery-esque for a quick grab n' go. The deli is a phenomenon. Friendly for the typical sandwich aficionado and the vegan/veggie types. The flavors and combinations are endless and the deft hands of the deli staff move the lines faster than other places. Gotta love the niche humor and accessories/toys for sale. Always good for a gag gift or oddly celebrated white elephant party in July. Something for everyone here. Grab a six pack to go, a draught with friends or snackage for the road. Never a dull moment for this plaza midwood hearth. Always a pleasure to visit.Only difference between this location and plaza midwood is the outdoor seating. Gotta love those nights out in southend sitting outside. Another perk? There's an apple tree in the courtyard. You can pick the apples and eat them! There is usually an apple picker next to the tree, so pick some when they're ripe! Really fun for friends and family visiting from out of town.
3	I had read so many good things about Common Market that when I started a new job in Southend I made it a point to stop by at lunch for a sandwich to take back to my desk.. Asked a very friendly customer and was told about the back-to-front-to-back routine Ordered a Darby roast beef something or other on sourdough bread. Twenty five minutes later I had my sandwich. It had a good helping of roast beef, but the taste was nothing special. If I go again I'll call in my order and ask for horseradish on my roast beef sandwich.
5	After finally going to The Common Market on Tryon, i suddenly hate myself and my life for not going sooner. If i were to dream of a perfect haven of beer and vegan options, it might be similar to what already exists here. If i were to take off a star, it would be for the reason i don't like not knowing what's going on. Place my order, now what? Will i hear my number called out somewhere? Can i grab any beer i want in the fridge? Is there an upcharge for drinking it there?  Luckily, the dude i asked was cool and i didn't feel like a d-bag for too long. In my dream, it might have a larger space and comfier seating.Additional awesomeness includes the fact that you can just get the beer from the fridge and they'll open it and provide a glass with no additional charge. The price of drinking at home, away from home. Also, an outdoor patio. Thai curried shitake and vegetable soup was wonderful and a large was like $3.29 ish. Don't pass it up if you like Thai flavor with a tad of spice. Also ordered the MidEastern Wrap, not too shabby, i actually liked putting a little of the soup on it, but in hindsight would have added some hot sauce i didn't know was available. Next time we will pass on the potstickers, but we did enjoy the vegan cupcake...actually i really only enjoyed the frosting and could have done without the rest of the cupcake. Aside from the lovely beer selection, they have several vegan goods that we usually buy elsewhere (Primal Strips, vegan cookies).Also of note, there is a coupon in the Entertainment Book for a free menu item with the purchase of a menu item, which i forgot to use. If we don't go back within the next month, something went wrong.
3	Cool little place in South End. I had some good breakfast sandwiches and snacks. Only downside is the douche bag attitude of the people at the deli counter.
5	The Common Market might be my favorite commercial institution in Charlotte.  I live near the one in Plaza Midwood, and that place rocks (see the reviews).  The S. Tryon location offers the same great selection, same great deli options, same great little beer and wine bar, but is not packed into the tight quarters of its sister shop.The Crown jewel of the S. Tryon location has got to be the patio.  Lots of tables and benches, usually some nice tunes playing, sunny in the daytime...  Can't beat it.  It's just a perfect place to chill with a six pack from their outstanding selection and a few friends.  Hats off to Common Market!
4	The sandwiches are great, but I'm a bigger fan of their beer selection. They often have nights where they hire a DJ and you just buy whatever beer you want and hang out. It might sound weird to hang out in a store, but it's really cool... trust me! (If you get the munchies, Common Market has you covered!)
5	Common Market is one of my favorite spots in Charlotte because it's pretty much perfect for every occasion. I've been there late night, for Sunday brunch, with my mom, for a birthday, picking up a six pack for a party, grabbing a sandwich for lunch, etc. The sandwiches are fresh and hefty. You definitely get your money's worth. Breakfast items are also value sized and taste like your mom (who is a good cook) just whipped it up in her kitchen especially for you. The brunch menu is ever changing, with items like french toast and eggs benedict making appearances. This spot is also my go-to for vegetarian and vegan options. Wine tastings, a good array of craft beers and consistently awesome DJ's invite you to kill a few hours on the patio, where the scene is ripe for adorable dog spotting.
2	Grabbed take out for the offfice - wow - was kind of bad - salad was nearly 10 bucks and all lettuce.   I went back the next day for yogurt and watermelon - can't screw that up - watermelon was good but 4 bucks for a small container. Commom Markey has lot of fun things to try - graeat candy and in the past the sandwichs were not too bad. The uber cool at the deli counter are a turn off. So as for going back ??? Maybe only if I really have to.
5	This place is super cool and I had no idea it was here. You go down this tiny alley way to get there. You first walk in a court yard with tables and chairs and people drinking and chatting. Then you walk into the market which has all sorts of stuff, all types of beer and wine, snacks, food. The people there are super nice. If you are the artsy type or the type that goes to NODA, you would love this place.
5	Excellent sandwiches. Great beer and wine selection.  I stop in a couple times a week for a great cup of coffee too!
5	Amazing. I always take out of towners to CM. Best sandwiches in charlotte, amazing breakfast and the atmosphere is great. I order lunch from here at least 2-3 times a month, if not more. Does get busy during weekday lunch so if you are on a time crunch order ahead. Great patio area and lots of happenings (music, tastings etc)
4	What a great place! There are all sorts of goodies including beer/wine, prepared salads, soups, breakfast and lunch sandwiches and desserts and lots of specialty items including fresh pasta you could take home to cook for dinner. They also do Sunday brunch with a special menu. There are several tables for eating in and they do a large takeout business as well. Every week they have a wine tasting and a beer tasting and live music nights are not uncommon :)After much deliberation I tried the Soup-O-Rama which includes grilled cheese made with your choice of cheeses and optional tomato and a large soup. The soup selections change frequently but were very impressive. I tried the red pepper gruyere (I think that was the name!) but they had so many tasty sounding options including Brunswick stew and chili. They always have at least one vegan or vegetarian soup. I also sprang for one of the giant chocolate sea salt cookies that are next to the register. Everything was delicious, especially that soup. I definitely look forward to trying more from Common Market soon. The original location is on Commonwealth Avenue in Plaza-Midwood.
4	Wow, this bar...errr... convenience store is popping on Friday nights.  I just stopped by for a quick break on a bike ride so I didn't get to thoroughly assess this location.   It has a really cool courtyard that is a great place to hang out in the evening.  I'll have to update my review when I get to see more.
5	There's nothing like being told that a certain store in Charlotte not only has the beer that you've been searching a month for, but also that it has a great selection of beer overall. Erin at The Art of Massage recommended The Common Market as a store that had the elusive watermelon flavored beer that I'd been searching for.Finding the store was a bit difficult but the easiest way to find it is if you know where Phat Burrito is... The large parking lot across the street from it buts up to The Common Market's parking lot.It looked like the world was going to end this afternoon as I parked the car & went inside. Immediately I saw beer. Bottles, cans, six packs... A lot of the brands I'd never heard of & I began to feel the beer sucking me deeper into the store. Fortunately I found the beer I was looking for in a refrigerated cooler. I bought 4 six packs & ran to the car. It looked like they had a little restaurant inside. Hopefully I can come back & check it out.
5	I had been in once to grab a cup of coffee, but I didn't have enough time to explore. We went back Labor Day weekend for a beer, and it was even more funky and fun than I remembered. There's a deli with sandwiches, a bar with some fairly rare beers, a few tables where you can sit and have coffee or a beer (from some good bottles they have on hand) and even some convenience store fare! There's also an outdoor area with umbrella tables, and on the day we went, there was a fella with a guitar playing music. There's something for everyone here!
4	The Common Market is an excellent little deli, bar, and quick grocer in SouthEnd Charlotte.  If you are looking to pick up a quick bottle of wine, a fresh sandwich, or just something basic, this is one of the best drop-ins in the SouthEnd area.  I absolutely love this place!
5	I love this place. The atmosphere is great whenever you just want to hang out, relaxed with some wine. I had tried the deli sandwichs and they are GREAT! I love the variety of beers they have (even though im not a huge beer drinker) and wine too! The only thing that i would add would be some heater for the outside patio since in the winter time it gets EXTREMELY cold to hang out outside and the inside is always full. Overall its a MUST GO place, music and staff are pretty awesome
5	Reminds me of a place I'd find in Venice Beach, CA.  This is great little joint.  Sunday brunch, evening beers, you name it.
4	Looking for a healthy alternative for lunch  - I met up with a friend at Commons Market. It's a pretty interesting place  with lots of wine and beer, a deli in the back , toys and trinkets for sale and a patio on the side. I decided on the Turkey Capri - hold the onions, and some New Orleans kettle style voodoo chips.. not even going to lie I totally picked these chips up just b/c of the name and the design on the bag.  Lunch was great! I will be back to try more things and maybe reserve some time to kinda look around. There isn't a huge eating space, maybe 4 tables at the most but there is  patio on the side (too cold to venture out) , this place reminds me of my home town Asheville very hipster-ish.
4	I've been here for pub crawls, but I've never dined here before-until the gracious Chuck bestowed upon my staff a gift certificate to try out the lunch menu.  WELL, we were in love!!!!  I ordered a reuben panini with chicken enchilada soup and IT was to-die-for.  My assistant ordered their pimento cheese panini and I had a bite based on the fact that she said it was the best sandwich she ever had and yes, I agreed with her....it was!  My other employee ordered just a standard grilled cheese sandwich and it was amazing, too!  A MUST TRY for a lunch place!!!  We are now excited to attend some of their beer and wine tastings after work!
5	I've been here for lunch a few times as it is very convenient to Uptown/Morehead area where I work. Menu has great variety, and every day there is a different sandwich on "special" that 9 times out of 10 I end up getting instead of whatever I was thinking of. The deli definitely gets crowded around lunch time so make sure you have some time to wait, especially if you get a hot sandwich, but the wait is worth it and the staff are extremely friendly.
5	One of my favorite places to go after work. Food is awesome and atmosphere is relaxed, come as you are, be who you are. Great outdoor space if you can get a seat! Inside is just as fun. Great place for the Creative Class... have great vegan and gluten free options...
5	What is there not to love? You can be weird and no one cares. You can be plain ol' vanilla and still no one cares. You can be a 2nd runner up in a Barack Obama look a like contest and still ain't nobody gonna care what you do or who you is - this is a place to come as you are and enjoy!The deli at this and the other location are top notch if you're craving a sandwich - my go to is the California with some delish Boar's Head spicy mustard on it. That's right, Boar's Head only, biotches - high quality up in this piece! For our vegan and vegetarian friends, don't cry no tofu tears because CM is known wide and far to have you covered from sammies to salads (pasta, greek, etc) and locally made sweets that make your animal loving heartstrings go ZING!The newer of the 2 Common Markets here in town, this is my favorite spot to grab a beer with friends, hand down! It used to be soley based on the larger patio this location had, but even with it's new extended picnic table cement patio that the Plaza Midwood location is rocking, I still catch myself coming to South End to indulge in a brew or 2 from their great bottle selection and rotating taps.See you then!
4	Common Market has soooo many great reasons to visit! It's a great place to:-Take friends visiting the city (it's a community staple)-Have a cool brew-Get a delicious sandwich (haven't had a bad one yet...although the last time I went they forgot to add bacon to my sandwich so double check your order before leaving)-Write your next blog post...or is that just me:)The staff is easy like Sunday morning. Come to chill and be sure to stop by when they have tastings and live music (ck out their site for details). It's totally worth it and with the oh-so-not-common atmosphere, you'll always something new to try!
4	Nice little place to grab some picnic food and enjoy on their patio or get a drink and head to the food truck area across the way. It does get busy in there though and I witnessed one kid grab a 6 pack, without paying, and head to the patio to drink it. It seems a little hard to monitor all that goes on in this busy place. Lots of really great premade food, a deli for made to order food, and lots of choices of grab and go items. They also serve wines and beers by the glass. Parking could definitely improve, although I'm not sure how they could expand it.
4	I like this one better than the Plaza-Midwood one.  The people here are less hipster-ish and the patio is much nicer.Both common markets are my favorite bottle shops in Charlotte and if you enjoy trying random beers with friends this is your place.  Grab a 6 pack and ask for a bucket of ice to keep them cold, sit outside on the patio and life is good.
4	Common Market South End, not to be confused with Common Market in Plaza Midwood is great for drinking, being loud, and being merry. As an impromptu gathering shaped up after coffee and snacks in uptown began to emerge they were an awesome place to hang out.Some may extoll the virtues of the Plaza Midwood location over South End's, but hey just I think they are basically the same except for the crowd. In the Midwood you've got grungy hipsters smoking outside and here you've got a more laid back crowd and that they certainly are! We were getting a bit tipsy off bottles of cheap beer, wine, and mimosas and they were very obliging of our raucous occasion!The place is a little cleaner than Plaza Midwood's and roomier I think so it's great if you like being able to sit with your friends while you drink. The booze is cheap and they have pretty good selection, the company is fun what more do you want? Get over there and get to drinking.
4	I enjoy the large drink selection and the outdoor seating in Southend, but it can get packed pretty quickly.  Haven't tried the food, but it looks and sounds good
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!I often host out-of-towners and I ALWAYS take them to Common Market SouthEnd! What's not to love? Delicious sandwiches (my personal favorite is the Special K wrap), an excellent beer and wine selection, some of the most wonderful employees you'll ever have the pleasure of interacting with, and a wonderfully casual, fun, eclectic vibe.No matter what the occasion or time of day, this is my favorite place to spend time in Charlotte. I have yet to find a place like CM (besides its sister location in Plaza Midwood) in the Queen City.Why are you still reading!? Go! Go there now!! (:
5	Love this place!  Great deli and great bottled and draft beer selection!  Awesome to hang outside on the patio on food truck Friday!
5	The Common Market is one of my favorite places in Charlotte to hang out for many reasons. It's in an up and coming neighborhood in Charlotte and right off the light rail. It has some of the best vegan food options in town. My favorite is the straight jacket wrap--tofu slices, spinach, tomato, cucumber, peppers, onion, carrot and I add sriracha and vegan thousand island for a little kick. They even offer up a variety of large and in charge vegan cupcakes that are always difficult for me to resist. The greatest part about The Common Market is their selection of bottled and draft beer. This is one of the few places that satisfies my food and dessert cravings as well as my husbands thirst for beer. It's the perfect combination!The South End location has a sizable outdoor patio that's fairly comfortable but I would only recommend lounging outside if you enjoy choking on cigarette smoke. I almost forgot to mention every Sunday they have a vegan brunch option that's always delicious like french toast or cajun tofu with grits.There are so many things going on at The Common Market you just have to check it out for yourself. And hopefully you like hipster skateboarders.
3	This was an interesting little convenience store that offered an interesting menu of sandwiches to eat there or take out. They had an extensive selection of interesting craft beers and some wine. They also had a small bar with a selection of draft beers. The bar was also a juice bar. They were a few tables that were mostly in use. Customers place and pick orders at a window. The store appeared to be a popular local attraction.
4	I went by this place on a Saturday just to get a sandwich and a drink.The sandwich choices were very varied and the prices for them were reasonable. between 7-10 bucks.Now if you looking for a beer WOW! Ok I am not much of a beer drinking but they have a large selection of the regular and lots of international beers that look quite interesting to try.If your by this place I recommend that you check it out.The outside is dog friendly
4	Common Market is an awesome little hole in the wall spot. I took my parents here on Saturday to grab a quick lunch and drink.All the sandwiches are delicious and there are so many options. We just got the grilled cheese but I really dont think you can go wrong, sandwich wise. My dad and I split a cup of broccoli and cheese soup. It surprisingly wasnt that great.....pretty bland. I think this is an anomily and not the norm cause every other soup I have gotten there has been delicious!Beer selection is incredible. I grabbed a beer out of the $2 bin and it happened to be a beer I had in Germany.....loved it! This spot really can't be beat if you just want a casual time, sitting outdoors with some good drinks and food!
5	One of the best bottle shops in the charlotte and surrounding areas. Great selection of well crafted beer as well as some cold ones on tap. Food is also very good.
5	LOVE The Common Market!!I usually stop by here first before I head to the lines of Food Truck Friday. This place has a HUGE selection of wine and beer. They also have a great little back patio area that has a wonderful neighborhood feel to it. *Best Tip I've learned for this location: You can check-out at the back bar if the line to the front register is too long. You're welcome : )
4	This place is wonderful. Now I understand what all the hype is about. This was my first visit and there was so much to take in: a small dining area to the right, a fabulous selection of wine and beer to the left, and cute little deli in the back.  Thankfully, the manager noticed me staring in awe and was nice enough to come over and see if I needed any help. He directed me to a rotating bin full of $5.99 and $6.99 bottles. Awesome! The wine selection is small in size, but not short on quality options at diverse price points: from $5.99 - $100.I also took advantage of their lunch special: a grilled cheese sandwhich and a large bowl of soup for $7. You can choose the type of bread and 2 cheeses. I ordered American and cheddar cheese on honey wheat bread and added tomato. It was good. It's no Papi Queso, but it's good. I had the jerk chicken and black bean soup. It was delicious. In particular, the broth was AMAZING!! With every sip I felt like I was back in Jamaica. HEY MON!! Seriously, they should bottle the broth and sell it. I also purchased a fresh cheese Danish. My plan was to take it to work the next morning for breakfast, but it looked so inviting that I couldn't wait. I ate it after I finished my soup and it didn't disappoint. Delicious! It was so soft and fresh.I also got the blue cheese and bacon penne pasta (clearly I shouldn't shop while I'm hungry). I ate the pasta the next day and it was great. If you like blue cheese and bacon, you can't go wrong with this dish. It's served cold with just enough mayo to coat the penne. It could function as a snack or meal. This place is packed with charm, good food and great service. They also have several local gifts (from charlotte inspired post cards to cookies from a popular NC bakery). If you've never been, add it to your list. This place is a must try! It's eclectic and welcoming.  I can't wait to come back.
4	What a killer spot. The common market is tucked away in the heart of south end. If you want a good selection of beer & wine that you can't get at the local super market, this is the spot. My favorite part about CM is that you can have a seat and enjoy your beverage purchase on the spot either inside or on the huge patio are outside which is a regular host to live music. You'll see a huge variety of people here, so if you're in the mood for a good conversation this is the best place in town to drum one up! It'll also note that they do serve fresh deli food and coffee every day.Can't get enough!
5	Love, love love Common Market!
5	Hands down one of my favorite new places in Charlotte. The staff is incredibly helpful and friendly, the clientele is hipster/casual mixed, the beer selection is phenomenal, the food from the deli is great and sometimes they have some great live music as well. It can get crowded later at night especially on weekends so plan on stopping by a little earlier. The patio outside is also dog friendly.
3	This was my first visit to the CM. It was easy enough to find but horrible in terms of parking! I ended up driving around the lot a few times and still not getting a spot! Eventually I scored a space on the street but it's something I'll keep in mind for future trips. I like the eclectic vibe of the place. Beer and wine in the front, deli in the back and patio right out the side door. I can definitely tell this place would be really cool in the Summer. There was a long line for the deli so decided against trying anything today but did find some excellent (discounted) wine. Yay! I'm looking forward to trying the food and visiting the CM again really soon!
4	Common Market is a great little place in the heart of everything. Great beer and wine selection with live music.  I love the atmosphere and we frequent this place quite often!
5	The Common Market is one of my favorite places in the South End area; maybe even in the entire Charlotte Area. The beer and wine selection is amazing and the environment is so laid back and relaxing. Its a great place to kick back and have a few beers with friends. Even their lunch sandwiches never disappoint. The thing I like the most about CM is that you can find a good variety of different people here, which in my opinion, you can't often find in Charlotte. They also have live music and a fun outdoor patio to relax in. To top it off, their coffee is really good to. I definitely recommend this place.
5	A unique place to try new beer and wine, eat a healthy, fresh snack and enjoy life! It's a universally friendly environment and a popular meet up spot for all of my friends.
5	Amazing place to get some local drafts.Affordable prices too :)
5	I love this place! Thursdays offer FREE beer tastings! Be sure to stop by  Food truck Fridays are off the hook too.
4	Cute place where you can get wine, food, and healthy, gluten-free or vegan items.This is a sort of boho, vegan, hipster, earthy place that combines a market with a deli, a patio and a "Scene".If you are looking for a place to hang out on a warm afternoon with your friends, this might be a good idea. You can buy wine or beer from the market here and enjoy it on the patio (they allow dogs out there - good for some people, not for others, depending on your preference) You can enjoy some snacks from the market or get something from the deli.The wine mark up was reasonable and they have quite a few fun choices on the shelves. They are across from where Food Truck Friday happens - so a lot of people pop in for booze and wine before heading over to the food trucks.
4	Pricey brews on tap but great selection, chill crowd who is friendly albeit hipster, great DJs bumping along, and great court yard.  Best place in South End to hang out on a warm evening.
4	What a fun, eclectic, happening little spot. I've been to common market twice for lunch and just to hang out. It's a great laid back spot to hang out with friends, grab a beer, have some lunch, or stop in for a six pack. No one here ever seems to be in a rush to do anything. Very eclectic crowd which makes it what it is: hipsters, hippies, business people, dinosaurs, zombies...everyone is welcome here and everybody always seems to be having a great time. As a note though, the crowd does seem to be a little more hum...tame.... than the Plaza Midwood location.Wine Wednesdays... wine tastings on the porch and Thursdays offer FREE beer tastings. Come early, it fills up pretty quick! The have rotational selection of local and regional beers on tap and they have an impressive selection of beer and specialty beverages for purchase inside.As for the deli food, neither of my sandwiches (Turkey Capri Panini and BLT) I have been blown away by but both were pretty good. They also have ready made sandwiches as well as pre made bakery items in addition to the miscellaneous chips and other groceries.Come check this place out, bop around the store and see what trinket and goodies they have!
5	I LOVE this place. One of the best things about living in South End is definitely living so close to Common Market. Mini review: if you haven't been, go. Its an awesome little eclectic shop. I'll start with the deli - their menu is simple but great. The staff is friendly, the food is always fresh, and even when its decently crowded, its pretty quick. They also have freezers with some great side items such as risottos, chicken salads, pastas, and different ravioli options AND delicious looking deserts! They also have, and what they're well known for, is their great extensive beer, cider, and wine selection. You can buy great local and hard to find 6 packs and individual beers. You can also find a great bottle of wine out of their really comprehensive selection and you won't be disappointed. On top of that they offer wine and beer tastings - which are great. They also serve King of Pops, which I love and and are great to grab on the go when walking around South End. ALSO, (so many also's because this place has it all) they have a lot of gluten free, vegan, vegetarian snacks and treats throughout the store. I have tried a few and always been pleasantly surprised.
4	This place is awesome really eclectic and a very laid back atmosphere. I've been to  this one and the South End location . This is a great place for lunch and to  gather with friends for beer and wine.
5	This place is great. I love coming by for a good sandwich with a coffee or beer, both are awesome. I always take my visitors here and they love it every time. I will miss this place when I leave Charlotte!
4	Funky little place. Loved the laid back vibe..you can go into the market and buy a 6 pack or bottle of wine or just a glass if you choose and head outside to enjoy the patio. Also had a little sandwich place in the back that looked delicious. While we were there a band was playing. Great place to hang out with a bunch of friends listen to music and not pay a fortune for drinks.
5	I love this place. Vegan options in the deli! Stumbled here Sunday morning to realize they have their own brunch menu. I'm assuming it changes weekly, as I had never noticed it before (I'd only been on weekdays up to this point).Beer and wine and mimosas are available. There were a few different groups on the patio, to include a couple playing the guitar and flute. The vibe is awesome and the people I've run into are just looking for their own little slice of heaven on the CM patio.Great for lunch and brunch. I'll update when I finally check out the evening vibe.
5	Love this place! Beers on tap, vegan options at the deli, and ample seating.  This is a market as well as a gathering place.  The patio is rather large, the staff is friendly, and the beer is cold.  It's hard to example this little eclectic market.  They have really random merchandise for sale.  A great wine selection, local vegan/raw products, and a deli.  The deli has great sandwiches and soup.  It's so hot in charlotte I can't image why you would ever want soup, but it's an option! It gets really busy on Food Truck Friday but if you don't mind a crowd go on a Friday.  If you are hesitant of crowds I would try a Sunday or weekday evening.Love it!
5	Love thus place! Great atmosphere. Love coming to the patio for drinks at night or for brunch on Sunday. Their fresh made OJ is the best!!
3	I like the vibe overall here and I appreciate what they are trying to do.  What a great spot for people watching, unique treats/grub, wine/beer tasting, live music, outdoor patio, etc.The indoor seating is a little tight so I wouldn't say it is comfortable to just "hang out" there but the outdoor patio may be the way to go if you just want a casual place to grab a sandwich and a glass of wine.  The problem I have with this place is that I feel like even though it is a casual, low key spot, there is too much effort in trying to be casual and low key.  Make sense?  Its like you still get sized up for how hipster you can appear and I feel like there were quite a few unfriendly wannabe cool peeps in the mix.  If you have to "TRY" to look hipster or if you wake up thinking hard about what to wear so you can fit into an artsy crowd then it isn't coming natural for you and just give it up.  If you are truly laid back then the atmosphere should feel relaxed, not "casual pretentious."  It isn't like this place is located in the East Village of NYC..let's all calm down and relax.  Other reviews mentioned the customer service being a problem and there was one guy in particular that must of been "that guy." He was rude, arrogant and not helpful whatsoever.  The others were very sweet though!The food we ordered was good...the panini and the veggie wrap.  We picked up some of the pimento cheese which was okay, not the best I have had and we tried a couple of their fresh cookies...again, okay.  I do love the fact they have gluten free/ vegan options sprinkled throughout the shop.I do really like the concept of this place but I'm not sold on the vibe they are dropping.  Again, "cool" and pretentious don't mix.
5	I love the vibe in this eclectic, crowded market. The patio is one of my favorite spots to grab a quick bite for lunch or an afternoon beer or glass of wine - it's especially great that it's dog-friendly! It's a great option for going out to meals with friends as a vegetarian, as conventional delis frequently lack for meatless options. They offer plenty of vegetarian offerings from the deli counter, all made to order and customizable; they also offer tons of yummy takeaway options.
5	Cool hipster place Don't expect a regular place and take this place for what it is :) I once forgot my credit card and this place gave me my drink and snack as a "pay later"! Wow! I was so impressed that a busy town place is trusting like that, I paid the very same day :)
4	Common Market is a cool little spot in the Southend. It's a little cramped inside and not as spirited as the Plaza Midwood location, but it's still fun. The courtyard is a great place and a little unique gem.
5	Wow, what a great idea. Buy you wine and drink it in the store - they provide the glasses and open it - no corkage fee. Also, a good variety of local and regional craft beers for a reasonable price. Friendly staff what more could you need on a Friday evening?
5	Great breakfast options! Great coffee. Use their cups and it's only $1. What is not to love about that???
5	Been going on/off for years.   Nothing else like it in Charlotte.   Love the vibe outside in the alley connecting to Camden. PS:  They make panninis!!
5	My go-to neighborhood hangout. Love it so much I almost don't want to advertise for them in case fratty douche bags show up. Sandwiches are excellent and there's a wide range of choices, but the beer and wine selection is where it's at! Buy a bottle at reasonable prices, then drink on the patio. Sunday brunch is also really good.Free beer tastings the first Thursday of the month, wine tasting the first Wednesday of the month.
3	I really wanted to love this place. What I ended up was only liking it....and it wasn't because of the food. Standing at the deli area, I saw the selection of chips and it was on point; there was a rack on the side just for cape cod chips, and a spot in front of the counter for the ever elusive flaming hot funyons. The staff was very warm and friendly and the building itself had a great vibe. The outdoor area was perfect. I really love chicken salad sandwiches and I'm not even that picky with what type of chicken salad it is as long as it's good. My sandwich ended up being bland, with more mayonnaise-ish flavor than I'd like. The bread for my sandwich and my girlfriend's sandwich was dry. We chose two different types of bread, so I couldn't even chalk it up to an errant loaf. Worst part was that I got the chicken sandwich deluxe, so I don't even know how a sandwich with bacon in it can be bland--but it was. I did like the place itself enough to want to come back and try a hot sandwich, but that would be it. It is pretty cheap, though.
5	Great Spot. Good Sandwiches and sides. Awesome beer selection. One of my favorites in Queen City
5	The sport here is people watching. Either you are participating in the game or cheering from the sidelines. There's not much original I can add in terms of basic information. Common Market is a convenience store of beers, wines, an array of non alcoholic beverages, snacks, goofy toys and makers of tasty sandwiches. Whether you prefer Southend or the Plaza-Midwood location is likely more a function of convenience in distance and the time of day you most frequently visit as the crowd you'll find at a particular hour will change. Where the plaza mid wood location has more indoor seating, where Southend shines is it's courtyard.That's the essence of my opening sentence. The wifi isn't super fast and I've forgotten the password, I'm sure it's been left as a yelp tip. The courtyard is really a special place, at times a quiet repose for introspection about it's unique architectural details and others raucous cavern barely containing it's human contents. Either way you'll have a good time on your visit.
5	The Common Market has a very chill and relaxed atmosphere and the beer selection is always great. Probably the best hangout spot in the city. I love going here whether it's to grab drinks before/after FTF or meet up with friends after a long day. Staff is great and the patio area is where it's at...always good vibes here.
5	I'm a fan..stumbled upon this and was intrigued by the courtyard and casual atmosphere. Its a great place to sip beers with friends or to just people watch. They have food, a large selection of beers, and the staff was overall helpful. I  had a vegan/gluten free cookie and milk stout nitro in my efforts to be hip and while they were good I did not have a chance to check out the deli. Will update once I have. Overall a great place for the autumn days and nights to come and am looking forward to checking out their other location.
4	Awesome lil secret of charlotte , has delicious deli and quality Sides. Also has beer wine and some food you wouldn't expect a small hole in the wall to have ..
4	This place is just pretty damn cool. Is that what the kids would say these days? A neighborhood hangout/convenience store with an eclectic twist.The Common Market is one of those places where you can do a little bit of everything. Wanna grab lunch? Need good beer or wine? Looking for a place to have a meeting? A patio to enjoy a drink? Do work? Unique gifts? Yes, you can find all of it here.Along with regular menu items, the deli cranks out different specials and homemade soups daily. I took their Dilworth Special to the tv station recently for a segment and everyone fought over it afterwards. Yeah, it's pretty tasty. I usually go with a spicy turkey sandwich and one of the soups. Soup not your thing? They have plenty of homemade sides, too.The patio here is tremendous. Perfect spot for people watching and live music. The parking lot can be tricky. If it's a busy time (say lunch rush), you may have to drive around the block to wait for someone to leave and steal their spot. Keep an eye out for parking spots on the street.
4	Finally made it to the South End spot.  While not as funky as Plaza Midwood I love this take on Urban Provisions!!!  Food great! Staff awesome!!  Soups are spot on and that patio is smoking hot.  Great to have a joint in Southend that is locally owned, intriguing,  and an oasis of the melting pot of culture of this growing city!Good show!
5	My absolute fav place to chill with a craft beer/glass of wine in the city.  Great scene/relaxed vibe.  Dogs welcome on the patio!  Need I say more for all the dog-lovers out there?! Great deli and wine/beer selection available inside.
