1	If you are thinking about hiring Kuester to manage your property, think again. This company will under service and overcharge you. Their management will not return phone calls if you have a complaint, but will continue to have underlings placate you with vague answers to your complaints or concerns.  If you have already hired them, you may want to revisit your contract to make sure you understand what they can do to you. You may be surprised.
1	Run, fast! We could not get out from under Kuester fast enough. Being on the HOA board is difficult enough but then you throw in incompetent management and its even worse! Ben and Deb are masters at nickel and diming your association to death. We were double charged every single time we had to mail something, once in 'Postage' and once in 'Office Supplies. Whenever we asked a question pertaining to any account they would always reply, "I will have to get back to you" It became a running joke they said it so often. We used to have to send multiple emails, and when I say multiple I mean over a dozen just to get the answers we were promised. We also had so many complaints from our fellow neighbors who would call them and never get anything resolved. Kuester's reply? "We don't show any calls" I understand that some people may not always tell the truth but come on! We are talking about a good 40 different homeowners all saying the same thing..  I left the board because I moved and was so very happy not to have to deal with them again, but NO! They charged me $130 on my closing statement just to send a statement to the closing attorney showing I was up to date on my dues. How messed up is that? And I bet you they also DOUBLE  charged for the postage. Do yourself a favor and save yourself the headaches, stay FAR away from Kuester!
1	If I could give this company a zero rating, I would.  Dealing with this management company is just a nightmare.  Our hallways, stairwells, and foyer have not been swept and mopped in months.  Our garbage shoot is backed up to our floor, which is the second floor.  It has caused a rodent problem, not only in the trash area, but in each unit.  We were watching television the other night when we heard a squeaking sound.  We looked up and there was a mouse on the ledge overhanging our twelve foot ceiling.  Just disgusting!  Who wants to have to worry about rodents and garbage overflowing in the garbage shoot.  I and others have called multiple times to get the place swept and the trash and dust bunnies just keep piling up.  It is starting to look like a housing project and the property is approximately five years old.  DO NOT USE THIS MANAGEMENT PROPERTY OR YOU WILL BE SORRY!!!!
5	We have worked with Kuester Management Group for years and they have always performed exceptionally well for our community. Their Management was very nice to us and was always available to answer our concerns.
5	Kuester is a very professional and courteous management company, We appreciate everything that Kuester Management Group has done for our board and our neighborhood
1	The nickel and dime comment from Paul is spot on.  I've been sent letters and charged for cleaning siding twice and the work was done and a message left for Kuester with no return call.  I have neighbors with terrible looking yards, dirty siding, and others but they never receive a notice so this is personal for some reason.  I've always paid my dues in advance and also cut grass for a vacant house beside me regularly but they still nickel and dime.  If you have a choice STAY AWAY!  Oh yea I even took proof into show the siding was cleaned with a date stamp on the cleaning and nothing was done!
