2	I felt a little ill after our experience yesterday at the Verizon store. It could have been the questionable food at the Baja Fresh we ate afterward. But, no- it really was the see-sawing of our entire lengthy transaction. We were due for the "new every 2" deal, but, wouldn't you know it- the prices for the phones we wanted that Hubby had been quoted in an e-mail expired 2 days before! Then we needed to go back out on the floor to look for more affordable models. Bonus point for the salesman getting Hubby a gov't employee discount on the phone plan and accessories.Bonus point for finally having a device in house that will transfer your contacts and photos for you. Minus a point for his lame joke about it costing $10. Minus a point for his inability to transfer my pics when he could transfer Hubby's. Minus 2 points for screwing up the rebate process by ringing up the same phone twice, so now the UPC codes on the box and the rebate form don't match. So much for reminding us so often about the glorious $50 rebate per phone, that finally made us choose to go with the original phones we had wanted in the first place. So now I have to squeeze in a trip back to the store sometime very soon before the whole deal expires, or possibly and tragically lose my- wait for it....wait for it.... f-ing "Verizon Debit Card." WTF? The sales rep never said anything about a debit card. Can I only conveniently use it at a Verizon store? Shockingly, the rebate printout does not say specifically.I like my new phone well enough, and I have been a Verizon customer for many many years and have not ever had trouble with them. However, I don't think I'll shop anywhere but online again for my phone needs. The human factor made the shopping icky.
1	I'm seriously shocked that there are not more neg reviews on here about this place because I hear people bitching all the time. First of all, do not expect to make a quick 'in-and-out' experience. You walk in and put your name on the List.. yes, list with a capital L. What is interesting is they ask you what your question/comment/concern is but when you finally get called five hours later, they ask you to explain your question/comment/concern all over again.Let's just say you have a Blackberry Pearl 8130 and the roller ball does not work anymore. Hypothetically, of course. So the highly skilled guy behind the counter looks at it for 2 seconds and says "Oh, looks like it needs to be replaced..." I'm pretty sure I already said that. "Unfortunately, we don't have any of these in stock.."Wha? Come again? You don't have any more of one of your most popular phones in stock, in any of the 542 colors it comes in? Boy oh Boy."Here, you can call this number and request they send you out a new one." Great, the same number that told me I had to go into the store to get it replaced.Oh brother what a bummer.
5	I'm really surprised that the other reviewers had such a bad time in this store.   My last carrier was Alltel, and Verizon gobbled them up this year.  Being a cell phone owner since the days when they came in a bag like a heavy small carry-on bag, I have to say I HAVE NEVER HAD A PLEASANT EXPERIENCE IN A CELL PHONE STORE BEFORE.   EVAH. I've had a Treo for many years.  Last year, I dropped the phone and broke the screen.   Went into the Alltel store and they literally said to me, "sorry you're screwed; we don't replace screens; you have no insurance; you're still under contract" - so my only solution was to buy a new one for $600 according to the very harried and unpleasant rotund pimply fellow at the Alltel store.   Methinks there must be another way!So I got on line and found this PDAparts.com for replacement screens.   They warn you: this voids any warranty!!!   But it was "only" $70 so I went for it.  They actually have a step-by-step video posted on YouTube on how to replace the screen.  Scary, but my trusty friend/co-worker Chris is an engineer so he did the dirty work for me in about 5 minutes flat.  YAY.    Phone worked perfectly until.... one day... the screen just went blank.So I'm hosed now right?  And it's December.   The phone technically still WORKED, as in: it rings, and I can fumble to answer it... but I can't see who's calling or who is texting me or make calls... or read my emails... so it was kinda limiting.So with much trepidation I wandered myself over to the Verizon store on Camelback, figuring I was now only 1 month away from the end of my contract and maybe I just had to bite the bullet and switch to a new phone.    They don't make the Treo 755p anymore, and I really didn't want to learn how to use a whole new phone... too busy.  But I guess I gotta. So you walk in and they ask you:  do you need service or sales, and what's your name?    Service... Jane.     They put you on a list which is on a big monitor, and tell you: you are 4th in line for service.   Sigh... look around... and not 5 minutes later, I'm called up. The very friendly and CUTE guy who helped me took a look and agreed, the screen is fried.    Do you want to pick out a new phone today, or can you wait a few days to get a refurbished 755p?    Huh?  I could get another 755p?    Yes we will replace your phone but we don't have them HERE so you'd have to wait a few days.   Um... okay... I guess I can wait, but, how much will that cost?   "Oh, it'll be free."    FREE?    Sold! The people working there were joking around with each other, easy going and super helpful.  There were other people in the store who were clearly stressed and in a bad mood, and from what I observed these folks were super-great at defusing them. Something good is going on at that shop and based on my experience (a) I highly recommend them; and (b) I'm sticking with Verizon!
5	First I want to say I love you Bob... I really do.While hosting a party at the art gallery I got a bit handsy/button pushingsy (no those are not real words but they explain the situation) with my blackberry. I am not technology driven. I wasn't even alcohol driven I have no excuse whatsoever. However, I somehow managed to erase seven months of my child's life in one fell swoop or button push. I immediately wanted to fall into the fetal position and cry a river of tears (or at least a small pool or jacuzzi.) I, the non-stop talker, was speechless. As all the color drained from my face my friend asked what was wrong, and luckily she had her fourteen year old son with her (technology wizards) and he was able to convince me to live until I could get to the Verizon store to have them try to retrieve my photos. This all happened on a Friday night. I was so terrified that they would fail that it took me until Monday to work up the courage to go to the store. I had worked up an ulcer the size of a quarter, and when I went to the store on Camelback and 16th Street at first I was thinking... well I can't write what I was thinking but the store had moved.The store was located between a mattress store and Baja Fresh. It was small, cramped, and always seemed stressful. I am happy to say it just jumped over to where a video store was located and is in the same general vicinity. Luckily my five year old was wearing her glasses and wanted juice so we spotted it. The new store, now next to Jamba Juice, has a new vibe. It is larger, spacious, and seems more friendly and relaxed. I was seen with very little delay. This is where the hero of the story comes in. Bob, Bob, Bob the name rolls off my tongue like a... well, I can't quite think of something that rolls off my tongue but Bob was the man who worked and worked on my phone and got all my pictures back. He saved my life, okay not my life, but the photos of my sweet girl and for that I am very grateful. So if you are in that area and have a Verizon phone you need to deal with, this is the store I would recommend. And be sure to tell Bob hello.
3	My experience here was.....ok.  The guy at the counter was friendly enough (although not overly talkative).  I had called previously to inquire about upgrading my old blackberry to the new iphone 4.  They had them in stock, and the guy told me he'd set one aside and i could come in and pick it up after work.  I had originally planned to just order one online (I was due for an upgrade), but didn't want to wait for it to arrive by mail....instant gratification was key.  So i went to the store, but had already researched what type of service and features I wanted to include.  I told the guy that I wanted to add Rhapsody, but asked him if he could explain how it worked first (for those that don't know, it's supposed to be a $10/month music download program - unlimited tunes).  He was quick to state "oh, that's not available on the iphone"....confused, I asked why it was offered in the package online then.  He was adamant that it was not a feature available to the iphone, until I asked him to research it.....Whaddaya know. It WAS available.  He said nothing and we moved on.  Next, he asked if I wanted insurance.  I said no, but i wanted the extended warranty for $1.99/month.  He stated again "that's not available with this phone".  AGAIN, i asked why it was offered online.  He said it probably wouldn't have let me check out with it.....and then clicked a little button, and low and behold...it let him add the extended warranty.  I then informed him that I wanted to reduce my minutes from 900 to 450, since i have not gone over the 450 in over 6 months....He looked at my account and said that i should absolutely stay with the 900 minutes because I would definitely go over.  Mind you, I had just checked my account earlier in the day, so I knew where I stood.  He told me that I was already at 380 minutes, and I would have to pay extra for any minutes I went over.  I looked at him for a minute....then told him that since my cycle restarted tomorrow,...I was clearly still going to be ok.  He said nothing and kept going.  He then asked me if I wanted to look at cases and I said no because I had already found a specialty one online that I planned to order.  He stated that I should definitely look at their selection first, because they had a ton to choose from and could probably get me discount.  So I said ok and he walked me over to their turnstile....with a total of 8 choices (and three of them were variations of black).  When I asked what the discount was, he said he could get me a discount....if i bought a package that included about 5 other things that i didnt even need or want.....Overall, he was nice and I got the phone and plan i wanted....but only because I had researched it myself.  Don't expect them to know what they're talking about, and go prepared!
1	This location is the sole reason that after 13 years, we are no longer AirTouch/Verizon customers, and will never, ever be again. I went in to upgrade my phones one afternoon only to be accosted by an angry, pimply faced little elf of an employee. He was disrespectful, got in my face, and talked down to me the entire time when all I had wanted was two new phones. When I got sick of his attitude I demanded a manager and he said there wasn't one. As if. He then called security, which is when I REALLY got mad! I began yelling at the top of my lungs when "magically" a manager appeared out of the back room to investigate the commotion. The manager sent the kid on a "walk" and apologized profusely, saying they've had problems with him before. My question was: WHY THE HELL DOES HE STILL WORK THERE?!?! He asked what he could do to make us happy and I asked for the regional manager's phone number. He provided the regional manager's cellular number, which I promptly called. After explaining what had happened, both managers agreed to cancel our two accounts with no early cancellation fees. Woot.
1	This location of Verizon gave me the customer service experience equivalent  of a car wreck.
4	If I were rating them on their great cell service, I would give them 5 Stars!! I have been with them over 10 years now and I will never change because I "Don't" get dropped calls like all the other cell services I have had or my friends & family has.Now on their customer service I give them 1 Star Only!!!  I always have a BAD experience with their employees, Every time!!
1	i wish i had got his name, but they have an employee in there, white guy, shaved head, he was trying to be kinda smart with me and act like he was above me, kinda like he was competing, now i wore my tank top in there, i am 26 but i look like im 20 and im not trying to act tough, i never do. Anyway i tried to be nice at first, and when explaining my problems (there are about 5 different problems i am having with my brand new stratosphere 2) he would tell me "well there's nothing we can do about that", and im like "well what about all these other problems" he would reply "what other problems" 2 TIMES after ive explained all my problems he says"what other problems" i said f*** it dude you are an idiot im going to talk to someone else... so i talk to someone else here are the problems im having with the stratosphere 2 in my first two days (mind you i haven't really used my phone these two days because these problems are constant and f***ing annoying):1. i cant send or receive calls/texts (this happens on and off)2. if my text is somewhat long people either dont get it or they get a couple words out of the few sentences, just a couple f***ing words sometimes half of a word3. the calls that do go through, well 75% of the time no one can hear me, i can hear them, they cannot hear me4.the phone reads my sd card but it wont play my music (the sd card works fine in my stratosphere 1)5. i cant use my apps, they randomly just exit and im back to the front screen, if i try again it happens againOF COURSE when i go in to show them the phone starts acting normal, so i cant get a replacement on this f***ing phone that i cant even use, have to keep re trying my calls, miss texts, people dont get my texts or they get a couple words from it AND i cant use my apps, so pretty much nothing on this f***ing phone works, but i cant get a new one.....
1	Most inefficient place I've been at.  Told it would be 30min and turned out to be an hour.  All I needed to do was replace a carrier clip.  Everyone was pissed off in the store.  You can't get simple service without waiting.  The only positive was the guy who checked us in finally got a clue and got me a new clip before my name was called.  The want personalized service but there only getting pissed off customers once they start to help them out.  Oh yea employees there park in the prime parking in front of the store.  I noticed this while we were waiting.   If you have a lot of spare time on your hands then this is the place for u. I will never go back to this store.
1	they are LUCKY to get even this 1 star ...if possible i would of given them -5.....EXTREMELY RUDE....I will never walk into this location again.....AVOID at all costs this location!!!!
1	My husband and I came into this store on Saturday to upgrade our phones and to add him to my plan. We were put in the queue for a sales associate, and were then called over by a woman with blonde curly hair who basically refused to help us at all.Here's what happened:Unbeknownst to me my maiden name was still on my account, so when asked for my ID it didn't match up. Me -So how do I change my name on my account?  Sale associate - Do you have anything on you with your old name on it?Me - No, that's my old name, everything I have on me now has my new name.So how do I go about changing my name on my account?Sales associate - If you don't have anything with your old name on it, I can't help you.Me - People get married all of the time and change their name, you're telling me I can't change my name on my account?Sales associate - Not at the store levelMe- Fine, I guess I'll just figure it out myself.....I then walked out of the store and called their customer number to ask them how to change my name on my account since, the Sales Associate in the store wouldn't tell me how. I was told I just need to bring my marriage license into a STORE, and they could change it there. Um, I was just told in the store that I couldn't change my name there, but I guess that was a lie.The woman I dealt with clearly had no desire to help me. It's fine if you don't know the answer to something, but at least make the effort to find it out! I don't understand people that work in customer service, and totally lack it at the same time, isn't this your job?Congrats for earning my first 1 star review!If you need to go to a Verizon store, drive the 6 miles to the other one on 44th and Thomas where they actually will help you.
1	The store manager is lazy, rude and unhelpful. Same with the assistant manager Charlie. I feel really bad for the reps who have to work under such poor management.  I got no help from anyone when it was clearly a problem caused by someone at that store.  The manager refused to take me off speakerphone even when it was obvious that the echo in his tiny, depressing office was making it impossible to communicate. GO TO THE ARCADIA STORE AT THOMAS AND 44TH. MUCH BETTER!! BOYCOTT THE CAMELBACK STORE!
4	Always busy. I always long lines. Always long wait, but not today. 10 minute or less weight. 10 minutes or less to set up new account activate phone for which I am most grateful. While I have ulterior motives for activating this phone for only one month maximum, I intend to enjoy my month off 4G service and Verizon customer service to the fullest . All I think Verizon's data service is a little high priced, no one is better than Verizon in terms of customer service and network coverage, and customer service in this store today at this time, was exemplary.
4	I have been with Verizon for many years now. I am on the family plan.I have my Brother ,his wife ,all their kids on my plan.So yes my bill is high.I have used the same cell phone for 3 years now and it still works just fine and really well.It is the kids that like to destroy their phones. Anyone with kids you know this.So I had changed my plan 2 years ago to get better coverage. All the kids do is text.I do not know if they even really talk anymore!The texting these days is unlimted which really saves me a lot of $$.The new phones always go to the kids. Yes, that is what I said.Hey what can you do???This store has always been very helpful in getting new phones, fixing my plan and updating everything I do.It is very busy in there all the time though. Sometimes more busy than others.I like it that I can pay my bill on  line though. I always see people in there paying their bill.  Ugghh, that would be such a pain for me.Lots of parking outside, but be ready to wait.
1	If you are young and hot Miguel will move you to the front of line maybe even skip you a few more times just because he doesn't like the way you look.  I ended my service after 12 years of being a loyal customer.   This was not the only reason!  Just where I finally realized Verizon really does not appreciate its customers.
5	I've purchased my 2nd iPhone, the 5S this time from this store. This store has plenty of staffs that are knowledgeable, polite and fast service. Thanks to Ms. lovely Toni, staff, for a speedy purchase of my new phone when I needed it the most! Sure will visit again -if I happened to be in town and will need wireless, phone, gadget etc service.      Thanks much,      Trucker Ray from Portland, Oregon
4	Okay, so I ended up having to replace my phone because I dropped it in a sink of water when I was house sitting. In December. Lost all my photos and music. It was a sad day. Fast forward two months, and it's barely keeping a charge and doing goofy things. Like calling my ex. Eek! I was still a month away from renewing my contract and desperate. As it turned out, I could change my contact, get a new phone that was priced into my monthly fee, and lose my unlimited data, all in one step. Who could resist? Oh, Verizon. After arriving shortly after they opened, I waited for an associate while checking out their selection of toys. I mean phones. Found an awesome Motorola that is smaller than my old one and it is red. Devilish. By the time Juan approached me to assist, I had my heart set on that phone. Juan was great at processing the sale and setting up my new purchase. The whole ordeal took about an hour, which seems long but he was very thorough. So, not entirely bad. By the time I left, I was happy. And Juan downloaded an app that got me a free smoothie from Jamba Juice. Score! The one entertaining aspect of this experience was witnessing all the angry white people. Silly crackers.Oh, Verizon. Keep it classy.
1	I went to this store 4/10/2014 and was Daniel took very good care of me upgrading my phone.I went back 4/12/2014 with my wife to return a item that was defective and upgrade my wife's phone. My wife is handicapped and had to go to the bathroom, they told her to walk over to the McDonalds which is about 100 yards away.My wife got pissed and so did I, after my wife left the store I approached  a female displeased with their flip additude. When I mentioned my wife having to walk that far several of the young wise mouths said so what. One female and one guy felt the need to mouth off over the bathroom issue, even with a handicapped person.Of course I got pissed with their additudes and expressed my displeasure with Verizon and their wise mouths.I told them now my wife refuses to buy from that store and they said they don't really care. They then told me to leave, that they would not do the refund.I've been a customer since 1995 when it was Alltel, and then when Verison took over I stayed with Verison. When I mention this they said they really could care less.Of course being 62 and handicapped myself, I then told the female and one guy for both of them to F-OFF.The customer service has really gone down since they are the most popular wireless company in Arizona.If I can do anything to assist in taking them down a few levels I will.If Verizon continues to hire and employee people like this with absolutely no customer service professionalism, Verizon will fall like a rock.If I had not gotten my new phone 4/10/14 and now being stuck with a 2 year contract I would have jumped ship and gone with Sprint.Verizon is going to have to do a lot of butt kissing to keep me with them when the 2 years is up.
1	Terrible service! Worst location I've ever been. I had to go to this location in the past, never liked the service. This time I went in and they immediately approached me at the door, first time ever btw, and asked me to leave immediately because I had my dog with me. I had brought the dog with me before. They said it was company policy, I went to another store and guess what....it's not!!!!! Horrible place!!! Considering on dropping them entirely!
2	I am only giving them an extra star because they did what I asked them to do. But in the most unprofessional way possible. First they were all wearing football jerseys, ok, it was Sunday so that's cool. But as I looked around and saw that it was just a free-for-all. While the guy that was helping me change phones over worked on the computer he started up a conversation with the employee next to him about the party they were going to after work, all about video games and drinking. Seriously? I thought to myself. He had very little knowledge of what they even sold in the store. "Do you sell the FitBit bands?" Umm I'm not sure, then he walks across the store to ask someone else if they did. She took two steps to her right and pointed to the huge stack on display, clearly he must have been blind.  Then I ask "Do you have the arm bands that will fit my phone? like for running" He again hesitates and asks someone else if they know the answer. So frustrating! If this were my first bad experience there, I wouldn't have felt the need to post about it, but I am here all the time and have never had a good experience. They over sell me, don't give me all the details and just piss me off.
1	I was toying with the idea of upgrading my iPhone and in the process switching from AT&T to Verizon so that I could bundle the new phone with my iPad. A coworker went to this Verizon store over the weekend and was telling me that she got all these great deals and discounts, along with them buying back her current device and then giving another discount for bundling her iphone with a tablet, etc.  I went in 2 days later hoping for the same great deal only to be totally confused by the associates explanation of what my options were, deceived about the difference in the pricing options, not being able to bundle iPhone with iPad for some reason, no discounts/credits, nothing. Not even any incentive to come over from AT&T. Would end up costing me a lot more than what I'm paying for with AT&T. Also their service was slow and they weren't very customer service focused. This guy just wanted me to sign off on whatever and be done. I recommend checking out ALL of your options thoroughly before deciding on switching to Verizon, and definitely before going to this particular branch.
4	"Someone will be with you in just second", we've heard before, right? I get so tired of it, that now I'm calling people on it...are you serious? As soon as I said "a second's up", BOOM, there's Dave, in my face...cool!It helped being there on a weekday evening, for the weekends are packed. Anywho, I was promptly helped with my data useage issue, and explained how the hotspot I was setting my tablet up for was NOT the culprit, but my laptop that was connected to it and all the many apps that it was running...made sense to me, but now what? I'm maxing out my data and I'm eatin' up the kilobytes like a cockroach in a C rated soup kitchen!It was suggested I call customer care, explain my delema, and plead for mercy.Only four stars, for now anyways...last week, I came in for a power cord/connection issue on my Android, and got shued away. Was made to think my only solution was suck it up and wait until next month when my contract was ready to renew...I was THAT CLOSE to going to the AT&T store! I'll hold off and see what customer care says tomorrow.ubreakwefix down the way helped me with my Android power connection, by the way.
