5	Three of Madison's most innovative and experienced hairstylists have banded together to create a new and progressive salon, and the results stand to be promising.  Kelly Z. is well known in the area for her styling on large-scale theatrical productions (and even film), and she brings that creativity to her customers, as well as her fun and larger-than-life personality.  Stylist Olivia is one of Madison's top colorists, especially for blond and tough-to-color hair (like mine), and is also well-known for her cutting-edge and modern looks.  Daisy Q. is also a versatile and talented veteran stylist and certified colorist whose looks can be spotted on some of Madison's most stylish heads. Together, the three make up the K-O-D of the salon name, with the edition of "E" for "Evolve."Services for men, women and everyone are on tap at KODE.  Their Atwood-neighborhood location is convenient, hip and accessible.  Use the handy online booking to make the appointment - I especially appreciate this feature when I decide I need a haircut at 2 AM and want to get in at the next available opening, as always seems to be the case.The comfortable and accommodating space, done in natural wood and accentuating the features of this classic brick building, manages to feel modern and cozy at the same time - no small feat in an area of ultra-chic salons who specialize in Brutalist concrete revival look for their interiors.  When I inquired, Kelly Z. told me that the cabinetry is all hand-made by a local Wisconsin artisan. I really appreciate that kind of attention to small detail; it makes the business really feel like labor of love that it is.Do note that KODE is not taking credit cards at the moment; while this may change, according to staff, they prefer to keep their prices low than have to give over such a large percentage of their fees to Visa.  I respect that, so I come with checkbook or cash in hand. UPDATE: KODE now accepts debit and credit cards.  Thanks for that change, ladies.If you are in the mood to try the most buzzed-about new salon in Madison, go get yourself a "haircut for humans" from one of the talented owner-stylists at KODE, and treat yourself to a hip look at a very reasonable price.
4	Everyone there was really nice to me and my kid.  They offered us a plethora of beverages.  The atmosphere is relaxing and inviting.  Olivia cut my hair and did a great job.
5	As a Kelly Z fanboy, I was glad to see her hit a home run and open her own shop. I got my hair cut last week Thursday and have been receiving compliments non-stop since then. Kelly really listened to what I wanted, and didn't flinch when I changed my mind twice during the cut, making her go back and make things shorter. The prices at KODE are just right, and I can't wait for my next cut. Congratulations, ladies! Well done!
5	My favorite haircut, of my entire life, was done by Olivia when she was a wee apprentice.  As you might expect, she's gotten even better since then.  Very excellent talent at this place, nice relaxing decor, a shampoo that almost put me in a coma, and friendly conversation.
5	Kelly Z is the BEST!!  She knows exactly how to work with my hair, never misses a single detail, and the salon atmosphere is great!  Comfy seats, handmade touches (the woodwork in the salon is all locally made and beautiful), a fresh vibe and the price is great for the amount of service you receive.  This place is gonna be rockin' for a LONG time to come!
5	Great new salon in Atwood area! Congrats Daisy, the place looks awesome!!  I've had Daisy cut my hair for six years and have always received compliments on my hair.  She does AMAZING things with color and style.  I never have to explain what I want, I can just let her do her thing and get great results every time.  The prices are great and the salon has a great atmosphere where you can just kick your feet up and relax.
5	Daisy is awesome!!!  Gave me the best haircut I've ever had and fixed what other stylists have messed up in the past.  I'm moving to Chicago but I will definitely be coming back to Wisconsin just for her to continue cutting my hair. Thank you Daisy!!! You're the best!
5	Olivia gave me an awesome haircut!  She got me in for a last minute cut before I had to travel.  She listens to what I would like done with my hair and does exactly that!  She also gives a great scalp massage when shampooing and respects my requests not to use a lot of product (this is not true of many other stylists I have used at other salons).  I love the space, the music, and the reasonable prices, and now I am loving my new Spring hair.  Thanks!
5	I just got my first cut at Kode...and let me tell you, the reviewers know what they are talking about.  I am an over 40, metro-sexual father of four.  I have a full head of thick brown hair that I wear short so I didn't think there would be much anyone could do with it...Boy was I wrong!  Daisy not only gave me the best cut I have had in years, she made the entire experience a complete joy.  My favorite part of the experience aside from the perfect cut?  Being asked if I would like a rinse after my cut.  So few stylists get that.  Daisy blew me away when she asked that.  I think my exact words were, "You just earned a million points in my book!"Thank you Daisy for being so wonderful, and congratulations to all of the owners on Kode for bringing a great new salon to the Madison landscape.
5	The search is over! After reading the untouchable Yelp reviews, I booked a cut with Kelly, and I've never had a better haircut. If you're male and you have hair, you should just go here and be done with it.
5	I've been a fan of Daisy's work for a while now. I was ecstatic when I heard that she had gone in with Kelly & Olivia to open their own place. I've been nothing but happy with the quality of her work
5	I moved here five months ago and it was way past a new haircut. When I find someone that cuts my hair the way I like, I stick with that person. The last stylist I was with for five years. My three kids went to her too. Looking through Yelp to find that right person was scary, or so I thought.After reading all the 5 star reviews for Kode I decided to give it a try. My wife even said she would try it.The best haircut either of us have had in a very long time. My wife keeps saying how great my haircut looks, thanks Daisy. My wife would come back after getting her hair cut from other places and sometimes I couldn't even tell. With the haircut she got from Daisy, I could tell, it looks great. Next up will be to bring the three kids for their cuts.Everything is very relaxed at Kode. They are not trying to rush you out for the next person. They give you their undivided attention. I could go on and on about the great experience but you need to go there and find out for yourself. I think you will be pleased.
5	You know when you're tired of your hairstyle, but you don't even know what you want?  You just want a change?  That must be the worst case scenario for a hairstylist - some stranger just walks in and says "Make me look cute and hip and, oh, make it easy to style."  Kelly Z - she took the bull by the horns and made it happen.  She saw what I could not, had the vision to make the necessary stylistic changes, added some mahogany and strawberry blonde color, and viola. Now people say I look like a superhero's alter ego.  Which is basically a superhero's awesome looks with regular clothes instead of a colorful spandex bodysuit.  Kelly Z really listened to what I was saying, even though I didn't even know myself what I wanted.  She worked with my face shape and my personality to come up with something that is utterly, uniquely ME - and she had never even met me before!  AMAZING.  Five stars and two big thumbs up to this place - friendly people, environmentally friendly products, and not too pricey.  Go to KODE!
5	I just relocated to Madison and did some poking around on Yelp to find a salon. In my last town, I went from well-rated salon to well-rated salon for 2 years, a new one every time, and walked away every time having spent too much money for a cut that just wasn't quite right. This time? Couldn't have done better. Kelly Z did a great job -- she's the first person in 3 years to get the back of my hair the way I like it on the first try. Not bad prices, either. I found my salon!
5	Just got my 5th (6th?) haircut from Kelly Z and she gave me perfection as usual!  She and I try to do something different every time and I am never disappointed.  She's also a blast and we always have a good time chatting.  A+
5	I couldn't be more happy.  I went in there with a vague idea of what I wanted, and I do mean vague.  I walked out of there very happy!  Olivia is awesome!  She did exactly what I wanted, when I wasn't even sure what I wanted!  I will be returning.
5	I'm from Chicago originally, but I go to school in Madison and decided to finally find a salon in Madison that I could go to regularly. After looking reading many reviews on Yelp, I decided to give KODE a try, as their prices are not that steep and the reviews on Yelp were pretty good. I love that they do online booking, it is extremely convenient.I scheduled myself for a half head foil with Kelly Z. Now, I have naturally black hair, so coloring it always presents a challenge, but Kelly Z was definitely up for the challenge! Even though I didn't know what exactly I wanted, she was able to give me something that I really like. We ended up deciding on putting 3 colors in my hair, black, light brown, and blonde. The results were amazing! This is probably the best highlight job I've ever received. I also have very thick hair, which Kelly Z was able to handle. I felt a little bad because she ended up spending about 3.5 hours on my hair, but it was well worth it.I will definitely be going back to Kelly Z at KODE when I'm due to touch up my highlights.
5	My husband and I took our very squirmy three year old daughter there for a haircut.  I was pretty nervous about how it was going to but everything was fantastic! Olivia was great; she was patient with our very wiggly girl but quick with the cutting and we ended up with an awesome cut and no tears.  We will be back!
4	I have the hair from hell: thick, wavy and frizzy. Getting a flattering haircut has always been a challenge. Since I've found Kelly at KODE, I haven't had to worry about which Fraggle I'm most likely to resemble after my hairstylist is done with me. She's taken vague directions (short but not TOO short, feminine and easy to style) and turned then into hairstyles that garner compliments.  As for some reviewers calling KODE's stylists unfriendly, I would say these ladies are more sassy.  That's way more my style compared to the fake niceties have to endure at other salons.
3	I've actually had 2 really great experiences with this salon, but it has become impossible to get an appointment when I'm ready for a cut. If you choose this salon, be sure to book future appointments in advance.
5	This review is long over due!I followed Olivia here from when she used to work at Thorps (that tells you how good she is!). Olivia is an excellent stylist and I always book with her. Last time, I didn't know what kind of cut I wanted so I just told her, make it short and feminine-- which she did. It came out really cute! The best part is, she also cuts my hair so that when it grows out, it grows out stylishly and is very low maintenance. I only get my haircut once a year, so that is a big deal for me. Even when it grows out, it still looks good and is manageable.I have since moved away and miss my cuts terribly! I would definitely go back if I could.**This review is not SPAM. I am an actual customer. I was not paid nor prompted to write this. Feel free to contact me should you have any doubts about the validity of this review'.**
5	For an affordable, EXCELLENT brow wax: Go see Rosa! I need to schedule a hair appointment with her, but I absolutely recommend her for hair removal at this point. She's a total sweetheart, very pleasant and thorough. I have been through hell in the past trying to find a new "brow girl", but I will be seeing Rosa for all of my furry needs :)
5	Kelly is going to kill me. Daisy too probably. Really the entire staff. Why? Because it's typical after I write a review that a place gets SLAMMED with new business. I'm talking instant mob the next day, line out the door sort of stuff. Ok, not really. Not at all. I can't stop singing the praises of KODE and while everyone likes to be complimented, these guys might want me to keep my mouth shut. Sorry. KODE has become such a destination, such a sensation, that getting an appointment is near impossible. You can't fault them though... they're great at what they do and the "no frills we're here to give you the best cut we can" environment they create is exactly what this guy wants. Don't get me wrong, it's not a hair asylum by any means... it's actually hip and happening. I wouldn't call it a salon though. It's more approachable than that, more neighborhood-y with a cool community vibe that makes me glad I'm a part of it. The two cuts I've received have been pretty rad (although I'm waiting for Kelly to go nuts and just really do something cray) and services are priced right. Highlight to date? This exchange: KELLY: Do you want me to touch up your eye brows? COREY: Uhm, do my eye brows need to be touched up? KELLY: Well I mean I asked for a reason. COREY: (slight chuckle) Then yeah, do what you do! Some of my favorite people in Madison go to KODE (as if you needed more reason to try to get in there) and by some strange coincidence, years ago Kelly lived in the unit that I rented at First & Johnson for a hot second this fall, moved my stuff into actually, before I found out thanks to "T" who gets her haircut by Kelly that there was major mold growth in the basement and I should move on. Whew! If you're looking for new skizzers to do your 'do, give them a try. Know that you'll go a few weeks before you can get in though and be ok with that, cause it'll be worth it.
5	I learned so much about hair today!  When I went in, my hair looked like absolute crap.  I'd had a bad experience letting a new person cut my hair, so I was extremely anxious about this appointment.  But I can say with certainty that I have never sat in the chair of a hair stylist who knows more about hair.  Kelly Z  really knows her shit.  She took the nastiest, botched up cut and made it awesome.  The things she taught me may be common knowledge to everyone else, but I am utterly incompetent when it comes to hair.  I had no idea that by washing my hair every day, I was stripping all the moisture from my hair and combined with this dry Wisconsin winter (something I know nothing about, having spent 22 years in the south), I had created so much static electricity that I couldn't flip a light switch without getting shocked!  Anyway, I'm incredibly happy with my haircut; Kelly Z did an amazing job with everything.  Also, Rosa gave me the best eyebrow wax I've ever had.  No slapping on some hot wax and ripping out your hair.  This girl takes her time and does a thorough job.  I could barely even feel when she pulled off the strips.  Thank you so much, ladies!!
5	I just recently started going here and I love it! While it's a little more expensive than what I'm used to paying for a haircut (for a guy), I love the service and environment. Who can argue with free beer before you get your do?? My go to gal is Rosa. She's a sweetheart and does a fantastic job!I highly recommend them!
5	I felt a little guilty scheduling an appointment with Olivia; I'd been going to Dick & Arnie's for years and really enjoyed how they cut my hair. But with my recent move to the east side, and hearing nothing but fantastic things about Kode, and needing to experiment with a little more "interesting" hair cut, it made perfect sense to venture out and try a new place.Online booking was a breeze; the reminder texts were a nice added touch.My appointment began exactly on time, and Olivia took a few minutes to ask what I was looking for, what I didn't like, and to offer some suggestions. I told her to "have at it" and do what she felt would work best.The cut she came up with was perfect. It was different enough from what I was used to without being too different. She reshaped the front, added some texture, and made it both fun and easy to maintain. In addition to the great cut, she was informative and fun to chat with. Price was more than fair; I'll definitely be back!
1	My appointment with Kelly was at 11:30am. I was there at 11:20am. When I walked in, she asked me if I had an appt and I said yes, at 11:30am.  She said well, I'm running behind, she said maybe 20min. That's fine.  But 30min later she still had to foil half of this woman's head. She clearly said yes to a color that she had no business taking when she had a haircut scheduled.  If anything, make the other woman wait and cut my hair first. So, at noon, I said forget it, told her it was very unprofessional and rude and walked out. I can choose where I spend my money and it won't be at Kode ever again.
5	Fantastic experience.  Rosa was superb.  Great haircut, very personable.  Relaxing environment in a classic Madison neighborhood.  The online booking was extremely easy to use also.  Exactly what I was hoping for.
4	I went here the first time yesterday. I needed a new place after my beloved stylist moved on to greener pastures. I'm currently growing out my very short hair. My stylist Daisy listened to me and gave me a great cut. It looks like I meant to have my hair this way...not just like I'm in between styles. I noticed other comments about the lack of receptionist and interruptions. I didn't have any such problems. My appointment started just a few minutes late (which was totally fine...in fact, I was a few minutes late due to traffic) and there was only one brief interruption.  Overall a great experience. I have found my new hair home.
1	I was so excited to try KODE salon based on these reviews.  I wanted a new, fun color and a cut.  I called and one of the stylists answered the phone in the middle of a haircut....weird, right?  Okay, so she tells me the soonest consultation she has is in 3 weeks.  I make the consultation.Then, I get to thinking, if it takes three weeks for the consultation, is the style done right after or am I waiting another 3 weeks to actually get my hair done for a total of 6 weeks.  I called back seven or eight times over the span of two days and always got the voicemail.  Once I finally got a hold of a stylist, she told me that indeed it would be another 3 weeks for a total of 6 weeks before my hair was actually done.This isn't like Ken Paves doing your hair, this is a Madison salon, it shouldn't take a month and a half to get someone to touch your hair.They need more stylists and a receptionist if they want to run a real business.
2	Man. It's been 2 years but I finally just can't anymore. It's impossible to book with my stylist anymore, no one returns your calls, and she's stopped listening to what I actually want when I get my hair cut (I'm not a bring-in-a-picture-person but when I first started going I was able to talk my stylist through it and have it come out perfect?). I had booking issues last time and Daisy was super wonderful and helpful and I'm half-tempted to try changing to her or Olivia or Rosa, but that feels super awkward so I guess I'm back on the salon hunt. Sigh. I HATE leaving a shitty review for a place I've been faithful to for a while, but I just really can't bring myself to keep spending money here when my last three cuts have been frustrating AND disappointing.
