4	2 quotes total, the other was a biz already rated on Yelp.  I was turned off by the other b/c 1) overquoted my sq footage by 150 ft (he did a haphazard very quick laser beam test) 2) suddenly lost eye contact w/ me in determining the price and 3) everytime he talked to me (he followed up w/ me almost daily.. I'll give him credit for that), it seemed like he'd drop the price another $150-200.  By the end, after I thanked him for his time and told him I'm going somewhere else... he called me up an hour later and offered to undercut this company by $100.  By now, we were at 50% of his original quote... SHADY.  It's ok to make a profit and have some play, but constantly driving down your own price in high pressure tactics to get into the door just made me feel ripped off.My dad is an indy contractor himself, so even w/ the undercut, I thanked him again, reconfirmed I've committed to someone else and couldn't do that to the other company.  Why I went here...  Owner Shannon quoted over the phone, price by sq footage (not a size-you-up-estimate).  When she came to actually measure, all the pricing was std and straightfwd and her good ol' tape measure was 150 sq ft less than the other guy (I did not even tell her about my experience w/ the other guy until the job was done)... I was impressed from beginning to end.  She worked around the other 5-6 contractor schedules I was juggling, with her and family coming in an doing the work directly.  As far as I can tell (since the other guy literally grilled me when I told him I'm passing), she was providing the same exact service and product for cleaning and re-sealing the grout.What a difference when you choose to re-seal!  Years of grime has vanished under the protective coat (cleaning itself does not save the grout).  Shannon kindly left me some addtl silicone grout and leftover seal, as she knew I'll be needing touchups and addtl repair before all the contractors were done. Great customer service!
5	So I have nothing but good things to say about Wayne and Shannon and PV Interiors.  We hired them to clean the floors in our primary residence initially, and they did such a great job that we subequently hired them to clean the floors at my parents' house and at our rental. They are fast, prompt, professional, and do good work.  They took care to safeguard any wood furniture/cabinets they were working around.  The floors they cleaned were spotless when they were done, and we even discovered that the grout at my parents' place was actually an off-white instead of brown (which was the appearance after years of no cleaning).The only caveat is that I can not speak to the quality of their tile installation work, because we did not utilize that portion of their services.In summary, I highly recommend PV Interiors for your tile/grout cleaning needs and we will definitely use them again when the time comes.
5	After 6 years with 4 kids and 2 dogs, our tile was looking pretty rough so I decided to call Painted Valley Grout to see if they could help.  I'm so glad I called.  Painted Valley Grout just finished cleaning our tile and staining our grout and I couldn't be happier with the results. They did an amazing job and our tile looks like new again.  I was very impressed with their timeliness, professionalism, and work ethic.  I highly recommend Painted Valley Grout!
