4	I recommend the Bacon / Cheddar Egg Sandwich on a Chile Bagel. Also at the top of my list is the Asiago Bagel Dog. The pastries are always a high quality. I suggest the Strudel or the Cinnamon Sticks.
4	I am on a pumpkin kick this month and knew they had the most amazing pumpkin cream cheese. So off I go and get a tub of it for home with a bunch of bagels. I had wanted a pumpkin latte but they dont do the holiday flavors..thats why 4 stars not 5.The flavored cream cheese is so creamy and amazing. I will have to stock up on it before the season is over. I will want more after the holidays. I wonder if you can freeze it? I will have to ask next time. It is so addicting. I am enjoying my pumpkin cravings!!Oh..the bagels are the bomb as well. Crisp on the the outside..soft and chewy inside. Toasted of course!
4	What a delightfully pleasant little cafe to start a day of hiking. My friend and I were set to go up the Mountains Edge Trails to jumpstart our week with a workout and with that, we knew we needed energy. Einstein Bros Bagels just happened to be on the way so we stopped by and ordered ourselves some food. I ended up with one of their 'egg-citing creations' - the turkey sausage and cheddar with my choice of spinach florentine bagel and a hot chocolate. Delish!!It had a very friendly, family-oriented ambiance to it although a far cry from sambalatte's more sophisticated & sociable vibe, it brought in the much needed energy for the day and the spinach really helped charge me up!
3	Today I stopped here on the way to Spring Mountain State Park. Before hiking, I wanted a light meal that is inexpensive. The thing is that a bagel with butter and coffee was the only item less than $5. I am not cheap, but spending close to $7 for their average sandwich and coffee is pricey for a bagel shop. I feel that Einstein Bagels would be a better restaurant if they implemented value menus including coffee.   A few times that I have splurged on breakfast here, I have been very satisfied. Their lox sandwich is delicious.   Their coffee is outstanding. Free refills!  The customer service meets my expectations. The nice woman that works here brought my sandwich to the table, which was outside.  My verdict: a good place for breakfast that is kind of overpriced.Tip: Although this Einstein Bagels has an Eastern Avenue address, it faces Warm Springs Road.
4	Einstein has become a genius.  Einstein Bagels has introduced value to their menu (a complaint I posted in past reviews was a need for value meals) with a Value Breakfast and Value Lunch.  The $3.99 Value Breakfast includes a bagel and shmear with a medium coffee. In bagel lingo, shmear is another name for spread.  I will yelp that my taste buds cherish a toasted bagel with nova lox spread. When it comes to taste, my taste buds also cherish their bottomless coffee. Einstein Brothers Bagels have always served quality coffee. There are four choices of coffee that are unlimited refills.A nice feature is that the time the coffee was brewed is written by the coffee station.  The $5.99 lunch special includes any deli sandwich with a medium fountain drink and chips or potato salad. A lack of a side item was a past complaint that I addressed.  I myself am not a genius. I do have an intuition that Einstein Bagels Value Menus have added to the bagel experience in Las Vegas.
4	Great friendly service. Bagel sandwiches are good and never burned. Love the bagel clusters!!
1	I have always been a regular "bagel eater" at Einstein's but after my last experience, I don't think I will ever go back to this particular one again. From the moment I walked in employees were yelling over counters at each other and one was waving bagels in the air! When I went to order it went pretty smoothly, but when I got my bagel it was completely messed up. And the two other people there orders were wrong too. They remade mine and I was in a hurry to get where I was going so I left, just to find out that they made mine incorrectly AGAIN!! I was tired of dealing with these people but even if they didn't get my order wrong two times the service alone was enough for me to not go back.
4	I've had Einstein Bros on numerous occasions, bu I've never had anything aside from basic bagels and shmear. I was craving bagel and lox so I met my OG Ryan B for some lunch. The service was standard, but I got exactly what I was looking for in a bagel and lox with the works. A little on the expensive side, but I was extremely satisfied with my meal and the atmosphere was nice to sit and chat in a quiet location. Free Wi-Fi and free refills makes this a nice quiet place to get some work done as well.
1	Second time back after they messed up our order last week.  Guess what? They messed up our order AGAIN! Don't even bother going on a Saturday morning at 9:30-10:30, the line was out the door with an poorly trained kid accepting patrons at only one POS terminal (they have three), people were waiting over 10 minutes just to place their order.  Watched a woman yell at the staff because she's been waiting 15 minutes for a "warmed up" coffee cake.  We have gift cards that we bought at Costco since we've LOVED Einstein Bros out of Vegas, I threw them in the trash; I'll never go back. Permanent Fargo Embargo.
1	Very very bad, if you come after 9am don't expect to get any bagels or most of anything. Always sold out. I guess they don't want to make extra because of cut backs.
4	Coffee and bagels! Very good!If you love coffee and bagels and I do you will not be disappointed here! Everything is so fresh, and good quality, if you can think of a bagel and something to put on it (or just order off the menu) you will not be disappointed, I promise. Might have gotten 5 stars, but I would have liked to see the shop just a bit cleaner, not gonna stop me from going back.
5	Always hot fresh bagels, iced chai tea was the bomb! Friendly, fast , always feel welcome by the smiley staff.
4	I always enjoy my food!I usually have three go to options.... depending on my desire that day.... - a cinnamon raisin bagel with honey almond smear- garlic bagel with reduced fat cream cheese and lox- an applewood bacon with egg breakfast sandwich on a garlic bagelI LOVE iced coffee, but I hate to say that I am not a big fan of Einstein's iced coffee, it just doesn't have a great flavor to me. Although I do enjoy their hot coffee selection and always choose the vanilla hazelnut!This location always seems packed, but the staff is very quick and always provides great friendly service!
4	Good bagels, but were running super low when I went in this morning. I didn't get all what I wanted and craved :(
1	I put in a catering on 9/5. I received this order today, missing 2 spread.  This is the 4th  time IN A ROW...that spread was missing from my order.  I call each time, and get the same apology, and someone is rushed over to bring spread. I now put in my orders to be delivered 45 minutes before I need them, because I am so nervous that the order will be wrong. my company currently spends $100+ a month with Einstein, and I have never been so disappointed with a company in my life.   This isn't the first series of mishaps with Einstein, I put in a complaint earlier this year/last year having the same issues...missing Bagels/ Spread.  I had 3 good orders with this store, and then it went downhill from there--AGAIN.  Honestly, I kept ordering because of convenience, now I will take the story of how my company has been treated to their competitor and I'm sure they will be happy to serve me.This order was literally 19 Bagels (Bakers Dozen + 6 Bagels on the side. Bakers Dozen is 13...not 12)  and 4 Spread.  HOW DOES THIS HAPPEN????? Oh, I forgot to mention I received my 6 bagels on the side in a bag, and they were completely SMASHED. SERIOUSLY?DO NOT USE THIS STORE FOR CATERING.
1	Their bagels are good as well as their coffee.  My only gripe is that I've been here twice and both times they burned the bagel toasting it and gave it to me burnt. Who the heck eats burnt bagels? What employee would think someone would eat it burnt and still serve it. Both times I got it to go so I had to come back both times to get it fixed. Needless to say I will never return to this Einsteins.
2	Bathroom cleaning log for Einstein Bagles on Eastern and Warm Springs showed the last day it was cleaned was the 11th...Today is the 18th ... so am I to assume the bathrooms haven't been cleaned for a week?! Hope the kitchen gets cleaned more often. Also would be nice if your employees smile every once in a while.
1	What a terrible way to start the morning! This was our first time at and Einstein Bagel and our order was not a single bagel order either. We ordered a dozen and all we got was attitude! We even got robbed out of a bagel we wanted just because the guys behind the line didn't have all their bagels in order!!! :( The lady taking our order didn't even ask if we wanted to have all our bagels sliced she asked "if we wanted anything done to them?" Which we thought meant toasted or not? After all it was our FIRST TIME!  We also didn't realize they were not sliced so hence, NEVER ASSUME clients know how your business runs! Work as a team don't snap at each other!
3	The food quality has fallen a great deal over the last year or 2. The amount of meat on the sandwiches has decreased and it's been a very long time since I've gotten ripe avocado no matter the season. It's always unripe and hard, not worth the dollar extra. They also removed the sprouts from the menu but that's not the locations fault. Just a bummer since I love me some sprouts! They've got great bagels and coffee but their "cooked" items are not that great. Guess that's why it's not called Breakfast Brothers.
2	So I ordered coffee for myself and the cashier handed me a cup with a dirty rim.  I showed him it and he said, "Yep, I don't know how that happened.  Let me get you another." He grabbed the stack of cups behind him and they fell on the ground and rolled on the filthy floor. I said, "I think that's how it happened."  He went to the back and got a whole new roll of cups and threw the other stacked roll out.  I wonder how many times they drop things on the ground and don't toss it out unless someone notices.  Could that seasoning on the bagel be something else?Based on my experience and the other reviews, there seem to be a bunch of lazy slobs working at this location and an overhaul may be prudent lest this one close up due to mismanagement and health code violations.
