5	Why isn't there a 6th star for really amazing things like Thrifty Ice Cream?!Have you had this before?  I have not been to this actual location-- there used to be Thrifty's all over town but now they are all gone and their ice cream is sold in Water Mart Stores.  Anyhow, back in the day, it was like 10 cents a scoop--- they have the most amazing scooper ever, it's like square shaped and perfect.  I would get the mint and chip and chocolate chip and when I would order I would stutter and get nervous that I would mess up saying: "Mint and Chip and Chocolate Chip".  The man (probably was a teenager but to me as a child, anyone over 12 was a man) would hand me the ice cream and I would hand him either 2 dimes or 1 dime and 2 nickles, or 4 nickels or.... well you get the point--- THIS STUFF WAS ONLY 20 CENTS BACK THEN.Now it is about $1.09 a scoop and worth every red penny.  The best ice cream ever. EVER.
4	cheap good ice cream.  Skip the smoothies they sell here though... yuck!
4	Yay for bubblegum ice cream! If you are an 8 year old trapped in an adults body then you will appreciate the novelty of such a place. A mix between being a water and ice type of store, they also have ice cream by the scoop and tons of drinks to choose from. They offer free wifi or you can use one of their computers at the computer station. They have a big screen TV to pass the time. The service was excellent and is the perfect stopover for a quick treat. If you remember the nostalgic drugstore treat fondly, I recommend you stop by.
4	This place is has exactly what I need..  Black Cherry Ice Cream!   I'm not really into ice cream, except for black cherry, and once a year, I'll crave rocky road.My kids love going here.  The prices are fair.  It's how much ice cream cost.  I usually get Hawaiian Shaved Ice there.. nice, simple, and satisfying.  I'd add an extra star if they had more seats.
5	This was actually a Water and Ice, but it had a full Thrifty's Ice Cream freezer case with plenty of flavors and cheap enough prices. It was wonderful to have the Black Cherry and Mocha Almond Fudge again. They also have Hawaiian shave ice and smoothies. I understand that all Water and Ice stores have Thrifty's. Cool!
