4	I've passed by this place for years.  I'm always looking for a good quick bite on the east side, and finally stopped there tonight.This is not typical fast food, it is not typical fried food - - though it IS fried food - - but it is still real revelation.   This is super tasty short-order food,  well conceived, well prepared.    Ordered a $9.95 catfish & shrimp dinner for take out, and the first great indicator was that although there were only one or two others there, it took them maybe 15 or 20 minutes for this simple order.    That's because it wasn't just scraped up out of a trough - - the product was carefully prepared.   The catfish had bones so you had to be careful where you bit,  but was beautifully crusted on the outside, and flaky/tender on the inside;  the shrimp were the plumpest, most succulent, most flavorful things that I have experience under the rubric of "shrimp" in memory, perhaps ever.   This is CLEARLY an establishment (I avoided it in the past because it looked chain-like, and didn't fit any stereotyped standards, and it IS kind of a chain) that actually produces thoughtful, carefully/systematically prepared product (fried product, I admit) of rare QUALITY (it appears to appeal to a certain ethnic stratum - - one that DEFINITELY knows what great food is!).   It puts the rest of take-out civilizatiton to shame, and it is great to have a place like this on the east-sider radar that can  offer things 12-shades of tasty at very good prices with very rare dedication to righteous ingredients prepared with great attention to (o.k., it is fried food - - but wow!)  detail.
5	There's fried fish like Long John Silver's and then there's places like Jj's, the fried chicken is the closest your going to find to Brown's outside of Schaumburg. Or Chicagoland period for that matter. Just try to avoid the rush times unless congested waiting in the Ghetto's of Madison is a perk or bonus for you - this place is small and is located in Madison's fashionable East side Red Letter News porno palace/Car title loan & urban wear District. Mostly a food-court gangsta paradise, but scary to the 92% townies turned cultured Emo kids that populate the Ithsmus.I'm out. Peace.
4	Had the perch and my partner had the catfish. Both were cooked perfectly I love the place. I wasn't expecting much from a strip mall fish place but damn it was good!
1	It has been how many Saturdays that probably they are so busy , they hang up the phone and when we went there to order, the sales person said it was because he was busy. Maybe they don't want customers anymore? Ordered chicken at Glass Nickel after that.
