4	This spa is a great find for Las Vegas.  The prices are right in line with the prices I am use to in Portland, OR.  Very reasonable - unlike the one's on the strip.  I received a hot stone massage from a lovely man who's name is Claude Buffet - The massage was divine!!  Claude is awesome - he gives a great massage and if you want to converse he has this beautiful french accent and is very interesting to talk to.I also had my eyebrows waxed and dyed by Carla who was also great.  Very friendly and professional.
5	I love this place!! I always get the best massages from Roxanne! Roxanne is the best!! I travel back and forth from California to Vegas and if i could, I would always go to Roxanne. It would be awesome is she was here in Cali! I can't find anyone close to her. I highly highly recommend her. She is that good Trust me!
4	very calming and relaxing atmosphere. The music and aromatherapy puts you in a divine dreamland!! Had a facial, skin is so soft (grade A). Massage (grade A). Wish manicure came with hand massage but still enjoyed it. Will go back again
3	For the Spa ~ if these few things are really tightened up, your score would soar much higher from me. We were a party of 3 women, 2 from California and one who lives in LV. We wanted something off the beaten trail and away from crowds...I found Angels Touch Spa. I made my appts 1 week in advance and my experience with the woman became a big deal and it shouldn't have been. The receptionist couldn't seem to make the order correct and I had to keep repeating the amount of services to her. I wasn't feeling real secure that she got everything. After some more phone confusion, I called back the next morning and spoke with Joel. He was great. Took each woman's name and what services each woman wanted. Confirmed everything and said he'd give a call the day before to make sure all was well ~ that didn't happen, but not a big deal as we went in the day before to check out the space and confirm everything. Joel was there and he was GREAT again, even with some changes we made to the order. The DAY OF: We checked in, we were about 1/2 hour early. There was some more confusion over the services (I believe it was the same woman I spoke to on the phone??), but she finally got it right. Diana was my attendant for my Facial. I got the deep cleansing facial and it was fantastic. Her sweet hands were all over my face, neck and shoulders. Her pace was soooo not rushed in any way. That hour with her felt like an hour and a half. Her conversation was appropriate, directed at me and about me and she seemed to have a keen sense where silence was important too. My facial was however, interrupted twice by two other employees of the spa. One man walked into my room without knocking and another woman, I think the receptionist again, knocked on the door asking for a client that was not me?? Tip one: Put a "In Session" sign on the door Diana was very skilled with her job and I could tell that she enjoys the work she does. This is really important! I received comments back from the other two women that went with me - both had facials with Diana and she just really ROCKED!!! HIGH praises from all three of us! I got reports back on Claude ~ massage practitioner ~ two thumbs up on his work too. Both women used the word "Divine" to describe their experiences with Claude. This is good to hear. They both stated that his conversation was interesting and that his hands are highly skilled. One woman reported after the visit, "I feel absolutely NO PAIN right now". The only issue with one of the massages was that I ordered the promotional "Herbal Wrap" (one of the things that just didn't seem secured) and the woman never got it. I even verbalized with the appointment setters 5 times, yes, 5 times to make sure that herbal wrap happens...it didn't and I'm really bummed about that. We got jipped from the promotion. The Spa itself is delightful inside. Wonderful music playing, though it kept going out and kept changing. They need to find a way where that music is uninterrupted...like the services while they are happening. Another woman in my group was also walked in on. NOT GOOD!! We were all given robes and slippers to wear through the spa. They have a meditation room where one can rest between appointments. One woman in my group was left in the hallway after an appointment because she didn't realize she should go to the meditation room...no one showed her - again, the hostess/receptionist I believe was in charge of that. The towels in the spa were less than desirable. Big holes in them, discolored, ratty. One woman in my group commented that she wouldn't use it after the steam room, she laid it on the floor so she could drip dry! Tip Two: always have clean fresh linens and towels I actually gave the spa a rating of 2.5. My practitioners got a rating of the full 5. Awesome. Customer service - stick with Joel, he knows. This could be a very wonderful place to spend some time and get away. There were 4 people working in the spa that day, the receptionist/hostess and the 3 practitioners. With some communication and tightening up on the "flow" of spa services, the rating of this Spa could really shine. Keep up the work, you need a little work - but nothing so bad that I wouldn't return. I may return for that FREE Herbal Wrap - you guys owe us one.
4	Lovely massage, in clean warm room. Roxanne was really great and focused on my sore spots just enough. Also I'm a big woman and I felt very comfortable and accepted here. Mentioned Yelp and got a discount too. What a deal!
4	Angel's Touch is nice. It's cozy and comfortable, but don't confuse it for upscale luxury.It's a cute little place with wonderful service and talented massage therapists.It's a great value and isn't too far from the strip. It's 10-15 minutes from the strip if you have a car. We didn't rent a car this time, so our cab rides cost $15-$20 each way and we saved at least $100 on the massage, so it's well worth it.All in all, I would definitely return.
4	Been twice when they used to run super specials on all services. Loved the services, but for the price, I'll take the downgrade of atmosphere. They do offer a lot though
2	Beware of the deep tissue massage.  My friends and I travelled from San Diego for a girls weekend in sin city.  We decided we'd do the spa stuff off the strip to save some money.  I scheduled a deep tissue massage... and had the strangest massage of my life.  The massage therapist was male, which wouldn't have been a big deal except for his request that I "get up on my hands and knees" during the massage.  Keep in mind I just had a sheet draped over me and was only wearing underwear.  Weird!  He also had me start out laying on my side, and at one point massaged my stomach.  I've had quite a few deep tissue massages before and never had experiences like these.  On the upside, my friend who had a swedish massage (with a different therapist) said hers was good.  And the lady at the desk was very nice and accomodating while I waited for my appointment.  This is why I rated two stars instead of one.
5	I've known of Angel's Touch for years and was one of the first patrons (a million years ago ;). Because its rather far from me now, I opted for a closer spa. That is, however, until I met Tisha the Lash Diva Extraordinaire! I've always wanted lush, sexy eyelashes so I scheduled an appointment. Fortunately, a cancellation in the schedule allowed me to see this busy lady sooner. Excited I got to the spa a little early and enjoyed the pleasant surroundings and a terrific front office concierge. Don't know her name but she is very congenial. When Tisha escorted me to the room, this statuesque beauty exuded confidence and warmth. Because I was also going for my first Brazilian, I was a little nervous but Tisha made me feel safe and comfortable. I had heard horror stories about waxing but I gotta say it was nothing like I expected. Everything was immaculately clean but the room was still inviting with nice decor. Tisha talked to me like we were old friends having coffee as she waxed the delicate bits of my body. Short of some stinging which she promptly soothed with her experienced hands, the Brazilian was actually a pleasant experience and the results terrific. (just ask my boyfriend ;)Then onto my lashes. She made sure I was comfortable and even provided a fluffy blanket while she worked on my eyes. I told her I wanted movie star lush and she opted for some decadently black, curled lashes interspersed with some more "moderate" lashes so the look would be natural but dramatic. As Tisha worked applying each individual lash to my natural lashes, the soothing music, warm blanket and her lilting voice relaxed me almost as much as if I was getting a massage. After about an hour and a half she was done. She gave me a mirror and I almost cried with joy. Which, I guess is great with these lashes because you can cry or get them wet immediately and don't have to wait 24 hours for the glue to cure like you have to with other lashes. Anyway, I was thrilled. In fact I am still thrilled. The lashes make my eyes pop. People remark at how great I look even if we've just gotten done working out at the gym and I have no makeup on. When I go out I don't have to mascara at all and my lashes look 20x better than they did the best mascaras. Best of all, when I wake up with my boyfriend he always boasts how beautiful I look in the morning!I love my lashes, I love Tisha and highly, highly, highly recommend her! She knows what she's doing, she has an incredible sense of style which means she knows what looks good and not garish and she's professional and friendly. Having been in Vegas my whole life and working in PR and entertainment, image can mean a lot which is why if you have to have something done exceptionally well, you should see Tisha. And from what I hear, her spa business clientele in other parts of the US have actually traveled from afar for her work. I can see why!
5	Living in Vegas my whole life, I've seen hundreds of Day Spas come and go. Some offer luxury...others offer value. What none of them had until now is the BEST aesthetician in town, Tisha. Tisha's greatest skill is Lash Extensions like you've never seen! Long, full lashes that look natural and sexy.  I was fortunate enough to meet Tisha by chance and have been going to her for several months now with no plans on ever stopping! If you're looking to vamp up your eyes and have an hour to spare...this is the place you need to be. The spa is nice, comfy and clean. The staff is super friendly. Tisha is THE talent in Las Vegas for lashes. It will be well worth your time and money to find out for yourself!
5	Angel's Touch is nice cozy and clean, but what I liked the most was the amazing service I received from Maticia (The esthetician) that was scheduled to do my eyelash extensions. I was very nervous since it was my first time receiving this type of service. Maticia was very professional she explained the procedure step by step to ensure that I was comfortable. During the service I started to get a little claustrophobic and she noticed right away. She immediately stopped the procedure and offered me a bottle of water and offered to finish my Lashes on a Sunday! Maticia was a TRUE Professional and I HIGHLY recommend her for Eye Lash extensions and any skin care needs!  (By the way My Eyelashes are Stunning and I get compliments and stares every where I go, and everyone wants to know who did my lashes). Maticia also does my facials this girl does one hell of a facial! I have had hundreds of facials in the past, but I didn't start getting compliments on my skin until she started doing my facials. She is very knowledgeable and she takes the time to educate you about your skin. Thanks to Maticia I now have my youthful GLOW AGAIN!!!
