5	Heard Robbie Fox's was no more so I went to check out the new place. Same decor and look but Nick the Bartender said changes were coming! He had me talked into the 6th street burger but their kitchen closed at 10 and I was there after 11. The music was current but no DJ... Nick also said it's being worked out. The place IS different and I'll definitely be back..... both to see Nick and try the burger!
5	The new place is so nice... Killer DJ, drink specials and the staff is great! Cole the manager is TOP Notch in my book!  We LOVE This place
5	Ok so at first I was pissed because my Robbie Fox's went away.  But.....We came here and got the crispy chicken sandwich.  Off the F'en chain!  Amazing.  Service was out of sight as well.  They still have my Crown XR as well so...well.... Makes me happy. Highly recommend!  Cole, the GM, is awesome. Our server Nicole is amazing, so sweet, efficient , and gorgeous! Took care of us the whole time and took time to explain the menu and such.  Also, just so you know, they have free shots durning sun devils games.  Crazy!  Do partake.
3	I was angry that they got rid of Robbie Fox's. I came here expecting more than what I received. The place wasn't as crowded as it used to be as Robbie Fox's. The crowd was probably half the size as it used to be very crowded and sometimes with a wait line. We wanted capt and coke. They gave us some sailor bullshit. It tasted like shit. However, I settled with a beer and that came out alright. Waitress and bartenders are good looking of course. One girl had shorts and quite an ass. Smash, of course. I'm glad they added chairs this time. Fairly comfortable. Seemed like everyone was outside. There was beer pong and dancing to be had. Other than the loss of crowd and quality, you really wouldn't notice much of a difference I guess. Over all, not bad but I would do some bar hopping before I came here. I wouldn't start or finish here on Mill Ave.
5	So happy I decided to stop in to Public House! It had been quite sometime since I had been there and heard about the change from it not being Robbie Fox's and from the moment I walked in it was nothing but positive changes! The floor plan and decor is totally different and a great place to hang out. Whether it's outside or inside you will be able to grab a drink and some food and relax.I decided to grab a bite to eat and decided on the Chicken Tenders which came with hand cut fries and they were cooked perfectly. The chicken was crispy on the outside but juicy on the inside and the fries were seasoned and had just the right amount of crisp. I will certainly order this again. I loved the menu selections and the prices were really great.Really looking forward to heading back to Public House very soon!!!!
2	the service is AWFUL. the bartenders and servers are too busy looking at themselves in the mirror. this would be a much better PUB (you know, for public house) if the staff cared more about customers...and by customers, i mean the people who a) aren't staff friends, and b) don't look under 30.if they improved on that, this would be a much better place to hang out and have a couple drinks.
3	I used to go to Robbie Foxx prior to the restaurant changing ownership and name to public house. I was hoping that not too much had changed, I was a bit disappointed. I can't blame them, they are situated down the street from asu, so it makes sense they would attempt to be appealing to a college crowd. But that's not my scene. The tv setup is weird and awkward, the seating options are either bar height tables or low couches. The food was incredibly salty. At least they still had strongbow on tap. I had the fish and chips, and I could literally feel the salt crystals on the fish/batter. The shoestring fries were also over salted, which is a shame, both the portion size and the width of the fries (TRUE shoestrings) made the plate look perfect. But the taste was disappointing. My husband had the meatloaf, which he said was also too salty, but their side of mashed potatoes was really really tasty. I don't believe I'll return, but for those looking for a relatively mellow college scene bar might enjoy it.
2	The food is pretty good..during the day is better because the head chef is around. Definitely slacks after lunch.The music is very club-oriented, the people are coming from scottsdale, and the atmosphere is all over the place..are they a restaurant? Sometimes. Are they a night club? Some nights. No concept, bad service and the ownership is so focused on boobs and Facebooking, that the quality of employees has gone down drastically since Robbie fox's. I recommend checking it out to see all of this for yourself.
1	This place needs to be featured on an episode of Bar Rescue.Beyond terrible service.
5	We liked it very much, went there on a Groupon, we had bought for Robbie Fox' s, & Groupon, said it had closed, but we could use it at  the same place, with new owners, we went to give it a try.  Really glad we did. The place has been renovated, & it looks wonderful. We had a server named Jackie, and she was excellent, always attentive to our needs, and very friendly. We arrived while it was still Happy Hour and the beers,and appetizers were only $5 each. We tried 2 of the Flatbread combo's and they were fantastic.  We had already ordered our entree,  she could see we were getting full  just on the starters, so she offered to bring a box, , which was a good idea.  I had the Pita Cobb , while Hubby ordered the 6th Street Philly, with Sweet Potato Tots.  He loved it,all of it.  Mine was great also, like having a Cobb Salad in a Pita bread. I also had Garlic Parmesan Potato's, and they were so different from any fries. Not Garlic Powder sprinkled on them, but tiny pieces of real garlic.Yummy!!! And, the manager, Mike, came over and checked on us, to see if everything was okay, and chatted awhile. Made us feel like VIP's !!Anyway, menu is small as it is basically Sandwiches and Salad, but a great selection of beers and other drinks and the place is great., inside and out  .Many TV's, a huge Terrace  with Misters, a bar, and more TV's, not to mention a wall screen that's huge, with comfortable sofa'sin that room.We will for sure visit again, and if they get Soccer (Futball) on, during world cup, we will make it home base. Also a great place to watch NFL playoffs, and Super Bowl!Cheers to staff and food!!!
3	My Mom got a groupon for this place and wasn't going to use it so she gave it to me. I took my girlfriend here before we went to see Zoo Lights.This place wasn't really good or really bad. It is a nice modern looking bar. Very open. With a fair amount of TVs around and a lounge area with a lot of big couches. It was pretty empty when we got there and the sign in the front said seat yourself with a pile of menus next to it. Seat yourself always makes me nervous because you wonder how long it will take for them to notice someone new has showed up. But it didn't take too long for our server to come and say hi to us. He was one of the two bartenders working. There was no other wait staff that I could see. When he came over he immediately brought two waters with him. He gave us a minute to look over the menus. We decided to start with a pretzel platter app and then I ordered the bacon cheeseburger and the girlfriend got the fish and chips. The menu was not that expansive. Just a few burgers, a few apps and a few other things. Not that much at all. Of course I guess it is a bar more than a restaurant so that should be expected. One small complaint was yes we ordered everything at once but they brought it all out at once. Couldn't bring the app first? It was just a big warm pretzel with two dipping sauces. We could have been munching on that while waiting for our meals, the point of an app, but like I said it is a bar and not a restaurant.The food was good but didn't amaze. It was good bar food. My girlfriend did find this really good cucumber vodka drink on the menu. It was so good she had two.It is a good bar and we would come back if we had another groupon but not without one. It just isn't worth it.
4	Great food and new open layout. Fun place to grab a few drinks on happy hour.
1	Avoid this place.
3	visited here to for a friends celebration and had a great time.  The drinks were good as was the food.  Not sure when I'll be back, but I did enjoy this visit
4	A big upgrade from the Robbie Foxx days. Very good for big groups. Great atmosphere. Outdoor also very noteworthy. The menu is nothing extraordinary - but - it doesn't matter. Its a great place to hang out. Management is very good.
5	My kind of place! Went here on a Thursday around 5, in time for happy hour and Loved it! It was not crowded or too loud. The ambience was great. What made it better was the $5 appetizers?! You can not beat that! My girlfriend ordered the Pretzel platter (Delicious!) I myself ordered a buffalo chicken flat bread that Sean, the bartender recommended. My girlfriend did the beer flight which is pretty fun and informative. It's pretty cool to see the alc % on the chalk board they have and see what beer "pairs" well with your choice of food. The REAL reason I loved this place though was for its $3 Jameson shots! I ordered 7 for a few friends who later showed and only payed $21. Best place for Jameson in TEMPE!!! I will constantly come back during happy hour!
5	We went there with a Groupon.  Service was great, food was great, server was helpful with our beer and food selection.  The patio was lovely and comfortable with a variety of options for seating (bar, high tables, regular tables, couches and coffee tables.The only complaint was no coffee when we were done eating.  Not sure why it couldn't be brewed but maybe not even on the menu (?) - can't remember.Anyhow, I would go back.  Just park in the multi-level parking structure and don't even try to find a parking space elsewhere.  Too much hassle.  Mil area is hopping.
1	Stopped in here to watch a U of A game and thought we'd found a great place to watch the game due to the fact that it wasn't busy like every other bar on Mill Ave.  Now I know why.  This place has seriously gone downhill since the days of Robbie Fox's.  Our server had a bad attitude, it took forever (at least 15 minutes when we were almost the only people there) to get drinks...so bad service for sure.  The food was just okay, not horrible, but definitely sub par.  Lastly, the bathrooms were a disaster....no working soap dispensers and the faucets were literally falling apart.  I will not waste my money here again.
1	Make sure you ask what things cost, especially on happy hour.  We stopped in for a quick drink and saw that Jameson was only $3 on happy hour.  Heck yeah that's a good price right? It is if you only want a shot.  When I ordered my happy hour Jameson on the rocks the waitress took my order and brought my drink.  It wasn't until I got my check that I found out that a Jameson on the rocks is $6.  When I asked why I didn't get happy hour price I was told that a "rocks" pour is a shot and a half so it costs more.   That's right a shot and a half on ice costs the same as what two Jameson shots would have cost.  I wouldn't have minded this if it didn't feel like bait and switch.  All the waitress had to do was inform me of the difference in price.  Nope that's not how they do business.  I won't be back.
5	Absolutely love this place! During the day time I had great service, the food and drinks were delicious! And during the night time, this place is off the fucking chain! I got drunk and played ping pong and bags with all my homies... It was dope af! All the servers were so nice and friendly, especially Sara the bartender, her good looks matched her attitude!! Lol I definitely had fun and I enjoyed my time at Public House.Peace!! -Big Daddy Colt
1	UNSANITARY! Got kicked out because I was sick in the bathroom with my husband who was holding my hair back. Had a couple of security guards come in and threaten to kick the door in because I was in there throwing up and my husband was trying to help me stop being sick long enough to get to a taxi. I ordered a draft beer in a pitcher... after a couple of drinks I noticed that the pitcher had a piece of chewed gum (not mine or my husbands) stuck to the side. When the bouncers so rudely decided to come yank us out of the bathroom stall, I called the piece of gum inside the pitcher to his attention; he quickly grabbed it from me while ushering us out. I informed him of the situation; he stated "no it's not gum," and turned and hid the pitcher from view. I asked to see it again to confirm and he refused. We were pushed out and told we could be "arrested for that" and were not permitted to speak to a manager about someone's chewed gum inside of our drink. Arrested for what? Being disgusted because some random person's gum (that could have any number of infectious diseases) was left in my drink?Please inspect your drinks for foreign objects. Also, don't expect to be listened to if you should have a problem.Rude staff. The bar smelled like vomit (which I tried to look past...but in hindsight I should've listened to my better judgement). But, hey- if you want a stranger's chewed gum and saliva inside your drink, then Public House is the place for you!Bottom line- DISGUSTING.
1	I definitely won't be back. Came here on my birthday for a drink and sat at a table.  They had the doors open that lead to the patio which is ok however, when people outside are smoking cigars which is carrying into the restaurant can be quite disgusting. I ordered an incredibly simple drink which I would think is learned in bartending 101 (Hell, I knew this drink when I was a teenager), a 7 & 7.  The waitress went to the bar to put in our drinks and came back to ask, "what's in a 7 & 7?" Wow. I gave her a blank look and said,  "whiskey and 7up or sprite works too."  At that point I had extremely low expectations and sure enough,  when my drink came it was pretty awful and for only having 2 parts to the drink, you'd think it's not too difficult.Apparently if you're not ordering a beer or vodka redbull, these "bartenders" won't have a clue.  I guess that's what you get at a bar on Mill these days.
2	Purchase a Groupon for this place, excellent price as well. I had a $10 off coupon for any Groupon purchase so the total cost was $10 for $40 worth of food. Took a group of coworkers to lunch on a Thursday. Place was empty it was seat your self, no wait staff was present except the bar tender. He appeared to be the only one waiting tables and running the bar, everyone in the party agree'ed to give them 10 minutes to come to the table for our order before walking out. It took them about 6-7. Service wasn't bad apologized for the wait, etc. i've had worse but there just could of been more staff on hand. The food was decent nothing i'd go back for but everyone agree'd it was ok just your typically bar food with a twist. The biggest complaint was the slow service and lack there of. I'd say its worth a try if you have a deal like a Groupon but other then that i'd skip it and find a place were you get service without a long wait.
3	This bar is fine. It didn't wow me, but there was nothing wrong.  We were here for my Bachelorette Party as just one stop along Mill Ave.  I didn't even realize it wasn't Robbie Fox's anymore, is how much I know about the area anymore.  For a Saturday night it wasn't too busy, which suits me just fine.  We got a few drinks from the bar and settled in to hang out a while, which made for good people watching.  We didn't really see anyone who worked there other than the bartender and a few security guards.  The security guard was nice enough to stop and listen to a joke, as part of Bachelorette Bingo... he was a good sport and had a laugh. It was a good enough place to pull in to have a drink, and a fair hangout.  It's quiet enough for conversation, which can be hard to find in this neighborhood.
4	Great pub right off of Mill Avenue...nice indoor and outdoor space.  Great drink selection and super friendly bartenders!
