5	Zest was definitely spirited dining.  I went there with a large group from a conference and there is so much that can go wrong in that situation.  Andrew, Michael and Don rushed around to ensure that all of our needs were attended to.  The food was terrific, especially the eggplant cheesecake.  My steak was wonderful and prepared just right.  The atmosphere was cool and the staff friendly - highly recommended.
5	Always have had a good experience at Zest, but it has been several months.  From the soothing urban comfort atmosphere, to the warm friendly servers to the expertly cooked food - give this place a try.  Items of note - eggplant cheesecake and shrimp goat cheese melt...I'm a sucker for anything with goat cheese, but was really impressed.  The salads tossed for you right at your table and served with cranberries orange and nuts are outstanding.  The citrus glazed chicken was outstanding as well.  The wine list was pretty comprehensive and had some of my favorites, incl. Cakebread....For dessert try the mocha cappucino creme - you won't regret it.
4	the food here was pretty good but i found the menu actually better then the food tended to be...  that being said it could have been my mood... i found all of the food that we had so rich with almost too much flavor... i had the catfish which was good but over flavored... i tried the ribs and they were simaliar... but it is pretty cool inside and the service was excellent... I guess the spirited dining should have clued me into it but... there were alot of gay men there... i got nothign against it... but just somethign to know if you go with a group of guys (which i did.. oops)...
1	It was one of the worst restaurant experience I have ever had when I went to Zest for a group get-together for a friend's birthday party.The environment is nice, but the menu prices were unreasonable.  The food was in small portions.  I had to leave early for a meeting.  The waitress was rude and wouldn't give me my check so I could leave.  After waiting for 20 minutes, I had to physically find the hostess and the manager to pay for my dinner so I could go home.  The hostess wasn't being cooperative, either.  So, I firmly demanded to speak to the manager and he came to the front desk.  I told him, "If you don't take my credit card and let me pay for my dinner, I am going to walk out right now.  I cannot believe the hassle and inconvenience I had to put up with tonight!"  He told the hostess to charge and let me sign for my plate and drink.  I angrily scribbled my signature, tossed the pen and left.I would not recommend this place for group settings.  It would be easier  if it was a date only.I'd give this place 0 stars!
3	Zest. I still have the Zest soap commercial jingle in my head...zestfully clean, zestfully clean. You're not fully clean until you're zestfully clean! That said, I have always enjoyed Zest. I don't find it to be particularly spirited. Service is friendly enough, but spiritied. I think not. But I'm here for the food, right? Yummmm. Eggplant cheesecake, I believe is what it's called. It's a heavenly, moussey appetizer not to be missed. The meatloaf is outstanding and will not make you miss yo momma's meatloaf. Citrus chicken is ok, as is most restaurant chicken I find however, a bit dry. Chicken is my least favorite thing to order. Wine list is OK and certainly too pricey for this stretch of 16th Street. Rotating art is cool. What's best is it's independently owned and ya'll should give it a try!
1	First visit: Food poisoning. The scallop appetizer gave the two of us that shared it food poisoning on Saturday. Not one to go to the hospital unless there's blood or pus, just waited it out, wretching most of the day on Saturday and spent the last several days recovering. The owner was very nice when I called and he offered to take special care of us next time, but my fellow diners are not inclined to take him up on the offer, nor am I.Service not coordinated well -- cleared silver with empty plate, but forgot to bring more, two servers stopped and asked the same question, server brought another table's appetizer to ours (wishing he'd taken our scallops to another table!).Service details not correct -- only have red wine glasses, no visit from manager during entree, no offer for additional drinks.Done well: busers are on it! water always full, plates and silver promptly cleared, unobtrusive, unhurried, courteous, smelled good, and especially, knew how to place the napkin in my lap for me when I sat down.Food mostly unimpressive. Besides the poisonous scallops, the vegetarian angel hair pasta in "balsamic sauce" was vinegar water which made the pasta and other julienned veggies float like soup in the bowl. The two sauces of the scallops did not compliment each other or the scallops, and except for their contrasting color didn't do much for me (besides making me violently ill later).Ambience: I loved the long table against the wall stacked with varying height and colored candles, all alight. I also liked the very large "wine" room for larger groups. Exposed floor and tabletops made it feel casual while cloth napkins and lighting dressed it up. I'd suggest doing something to break up the ceiling a bit, perhaps dropped ceiling panels or drapery or other uplit side lighting. Won't be back.
4	Driving by, there's something about Zest. It's not in the best part of town, the building isn't that pretty. I remember when I first moved to Phoenix driving by and thinking it was a center for gospel singing. Then hearing a friend mention it as a place he and his wife were going for their anniversary.My suggestion, if you're not a fruity martini drinker, make an exception at Zest. They really do great citrus combinations with their bar menu.
4	I had a wonderful meal at zest. The salad was excellent. The service was great. The owners are there a lot of the time ensuring that people are happy and taken care of. I must rave about the martini's, some of the best in town, and not served in the tiny martini glass. What I truly love about this place is the atmosphere, all the candles, its just sexy and smooth. I was taken on a date here and would recommend it for a second or third date when you know you are into somebody don't mind spending a little cash, it would be perfect. It is not overly priced like steamers or flemings but nice enough to really impress.  The two of us got out of there for $80.00 with an app, drinks dinner and dessert. I think people are fooled by this place because it is not in Scottsdale or on Camelback. I say that makes me like it even more.
3	I've eaten here twice, the first time, the food was interesting and flavorful, though I think they sometimes try to be a bit too clever with the menu.  Sometimes simplicity is best.  The second time, I think I ordered some sort of fish and it was covered in so much brown sauce that I could not see what I was eating.  Also, the asparagus was grilled to the point of being charred to a crisp in some sections.  I also think that their price point is a little too high.  I realize they are going for the finer dining demographic, but still a bit too high in my opinion.  Also, the interior decor is a little too busy (borderline gaudy), they need to mellow it down because, in combination with some of the loud artwork, it can be a sensory overload. This is a gay-friendly establishment.
3	r.i.p.
5	amazing for a group of us, about a year ago...a little on the pricey side but wow!  flavor and service!loved the scallops, no food poisoning here!!!
