4	Apparently, kolaches (KOH-LAH-CHEES) are not too common around the Vegas area. I didn't even know what a kolache was until I pulled up a quick Google search on my phone. Even the friendly owner of this little donut shop was quite surprised that I immediately skipped the shelf of donuts and went straight to the kolaches. These things are apparently real big in Texas, and a lot of Texans drop by here to get their fix.With the kolaches from this shop, I can taste a bit of a Asian influence from the sweet bun that was soft, rich and buttery. The fillings came with ham and cheese. If you're a fan of the pig-in-a-blanket, there's a kolache with sausage and cheese inside. A half-dozen small kolaches cost me about $5. Jumbo sizes are also available. Heated up (on request), kolaches make a great inexpensive breakfast treat. I definitely see myself making another quick stop to All Star Donuts & Kolaches for a bag of kolaches in the near future.
5	I moved to Las Vegas a month ago and was sure that Vegas had everything anyone could want. Last week I decided to find a place that sells kolaches.I couldn't find any until I came across a Yelp review of All Star Donuts and Kolaches. I drove the 20 minutes to All Start Donuts and loved their kolaches so much that I bought every kolache they had. I will freeze them to eat later, and when I run out, I will drive the 20 minutes to get some more. They are that awesome! And the donuts were pretty good too!The owner is very friendly and willing to explain the kolache making process, as well give a little history.I recommend All Star Donuts to anyone in Vegas craving a kolache, or who just wants to try something new.
5	The Kolaches are so delicious and I highly recommend checking this place out. The donuts are also very tasty and fresh. I have been there several times and will be back for more!
3	I wish this place would stay open later, other than that it's ok.
1	This place doesn't even earn 1 star to me. I have eaten donuts at a lot of places and this has to be one of the worst. I even feel sick now that I ate the over cooked donuts. I think I will have to try to find a bathroom and shove my finger down my throat.
3	The 2nd kolache place I've found in Vegas! The shop is kind of in a random strip mall on East Flamingo, but happens to be on my way to work in the morning, so I stopped in to get some treats for the gang. The donut selection is wider than standard, but nothing special. So far, favorites are blueberry and the crumb glazed one (I think he said it was apple cinnamon, but I didn't detect any apple flavor). The kolaches are really good, but I'm marking off becase they only had 2 flavors available - regular sausage and sausage with jalapeno. The jalapeno is not especially spicy, so don't be afraid to try it.Overall, a solid stop if I'm ever in the area (plus points for locally-owned), but it's not close enough to home to be a regular.
