2	I recently bought my first motorcycle (a 2001 KTM Duke II) and found Bohn's when searching online for KTM dealers. I went in with the intention of buying a jacket, helmet and gloves. Their store is pretty nice inside, and they have a good selection of gear (mostly dirt-oriented though). I wasn't quite sure what I wanted, so I asked a lady for some assistance in picking out a helmet. She was helpful, and recommended a jacket that would be usable in different types of weather. However, a friend who was with me said he had a different type of jacket (which they also sold), and she commented that the "hated" that jacket and that the liner was "nothing more than a glorified garbage bag." Ok...We also talked to a guy at the register about a '96 KTM 300 MXC that my friend just bought, and asked a simple question about a clutch cable. The guy seemed totally disinterested and clueless, and I'm not really sure if he even knew what a clutch was. He ended the conversation by saying that my friend should just throw his bike away because it was so old. What!?Even after that, I still bought a jacket from them and ordered a helmet I liked that they had assured me would be in later that week. I then got a call from them a few days later saying that the helmet was no longer available, but that I could pick another style. I then just ordered the helmet online and went back the next day to get a refund.I wanted to like this place, but between the thinly-veiled insults and seemingly clueless repair staff, I don't think I'll ever return. Their prices and selection are pretty decent, so if you are in the area and know what you want, it might be OK to stop by and pick something up. If you have any alternative, though, I would avoid this place.
1	I'm in the market for a fun little scooter to have fun and commute on, and at the suggestion of a friend, I went to Bohn Cycle Shop to check out what they had in the shop. Immediately upon walking in, it took 15 minutes for someone to ask if we were helped. When I mentioned that I wanted to learn more about a Zuma over in the corner, the dude at the desk was disinterested and unhelpful.When I tried to pay for the scooter and roll it out, an older woman stewed around and gave me annoyed looks for coming into the store and not calling ahead. When I tried to pay with a bank-issued check, I had to wait around for nearly 20 minutes before they told me that they have never seen a bank-issued check and sent me on my way.The entire time I was there, it felt like they thought I just stole a bunch of money and were treating me like a crook. I am definitely not going back to complete the transaction. If I'm going to be buying an expensive piece of machinery, I really expect the service to at least be a little more enthusiastic.Like Nick T. said, I guess it's a good place if you wanna grab a used bike or know exactly what you want. If you're looking to broker a new bike, go to a bigger shop with salesmen that actually sound like they're living beings.
