4	I don't think I've ever stayed at a TownPlace Suites, but I checked in to this one recently and have had a great stay. TPS is located right off the 101 N and Shea Blvd, and is close to a number of strip malls, the hospital, and not too far from downtown Scottsdale. I got a studio suite, so I thought I would have a basic hotel room with a little kicthenette. I was pleased to find a queen sized bed, a sitting area with couch and chair, desk space with free high-speed internet, basically a full kitchen (electric stove/oven, dishwasher, full-size fridge) and an updated bathroom. The hotel offers a light continental breakfast (think fruit, yogurt, cereal, apple juice and coffee), a small gym PLUS access to the Bally's down the street, on-site laundry, and a heated swimming pool. Unfortunately the pool is right at the reception entrance on the parking lot so you don't exactly have a private feel in that area. Otherwise I think this is a really great extended stay hotel and good value.
4	I stay here very often because I work right near by.The rooms are a little bit dated, but the new TVs as of a few months ago are nice.The rooms are clean, and the morning breakfast is basic.... The price is very good, and the customer service is great.My only complaint about this place is that some of the hallways have a weird smell that I'm not fond of. Everything else is good.Oh, and the Wi-fi needs a major upgrade, just like nearly every Marriott I've stayed at.I'll continue staying here on business trips.
4	I have never stayed at a Towmplace Suites before and since the week I stayed in Tempe was Spring Break it was a tad bit difficult to book a hotel room.  This was the only hotel that had a room available even with my Marriott status.  It is a smaller version of the Residence Inn with a small kitchen.  I am not complaining at all, the front desk person was the most helpful though giving me directions to the nearest Whole Foods market etc. and because of my Platinum status with Marriott she gave me free items in the Marketplace, much appreciated.  So. with that said, it is a good option if you are a business traveler and if you are traveling to a busy city with limited hotel rooms available.
3	Preface: Our family typically stays at SpringHill Suites (which are mostyl updated, gorgeous, comfy, and have amazing full breakfast) wherever we go, but of the Marriott family of hotels, this hotel was located in the best spot in Scottsdale and had the most reasonable price.  We stayed at this TownPlace Suites two separate times in the same week, over Spring Break, with a trip to the Grand Canyon mid-week.  Our first room (building 3) had a new fridge, 80's green and beige decor, but two bedrooms with comfy beds, and minimal "flair".  The walls were not quite level, because our doors kept opening or closing depending on the angle of the walls and hinges.Our second room was very much like the first, only the appliances were older, and the doors were level.  The laundry facilities were aged, with broken glass in many of the driers' doors, though they did have plenty of machines.  They also took twice as long as the signs on the wall said they would, requiring additional quarters.  The front desk was less like a hotel and more like a desk in a home office.  The check-in on our first night was a strange man, but every woman who helped us was wonderful, helpful, friendly.  We were given a bag of baseball information and a free baseball upon check-in as well.  Breakfast was- gaunt.  I'm sure it is typical TownPlace Suites fare, cereal, cereal bars, small pieces of fruit, a handful of yogurts, and toast.  We have been spoiled by the smorgasbord provided by the SpringHill Suites with our every stay.  Coffee was good, and kept fresh well after lunchtime in the lobby/shop/breakfast/check-in area.  A computer with printer and internet access was available in the hallway just off this main lobby, across from the laundry, which was great for printing off boarding passes.Tip: Bring your own detergent, softener sheets, and quarters to save money and time.  Do laundry before you fly or drive home from any hotel stay, and your "back to normal" will come twice as fast!
2	Very slow internet.. Bathrooms need a remodel.  Well below average quality for a Marriott property with above average price.
4	We were doing some remodelling and had to be out of the house for a few days so we checked in here. First of all, if you are staying in the building that houses the lobby, if you don't want to go through the lobby you must enter a hallway and then run a gauntlet through large luggage trolleys. I can't help but think that there is a fire code violation somehow involved. If you like king sized beds then you will be disappointed as they only offer up queens. The bed itself was comfortable enough and they handled our request for a feather free room perfectly. There were a couple of room oddities which detracted from the enjoyability factor. The location of the tv on a little end table in the middle of the room made for awkward viewing from almost every vantage point.  Also,  even if you have a tiny little butt, when you sit on the toilet you will have a toilet roll holder and a roll of toilet paper sticking into your hip. Why they chose to put the tp holder there is truly perplexing. The rooms were clean and the breakfast better than we expected. The employees that we had contact with were all pleasant and competant. Although I can't see much more need for staying here again, I would not hesitate to recommend it to our friends and family who want to stay close to us without staying with us.
2	I'm currently staying at this hotel. It's not too dirty and the bathroom is fine but the air conditioner doesn't work whatsoever and the room constantly smells like burning wire or something like that. The scent will go away but return and it's disgusting. It seems weird that the pool is so small and the air conditioning doesn't work considering the fact that this is in Arizona where temperatures can get up to 115. We have a queen size bed( hard as a rock) and a pull out couch (can feel all the springs). We are looking for another hotel to finish our stay but can't find anything this cheep. Only reason for 2 stars is price. They definitely need to do some work on this hotel. I will not be staying here again.
2	From a business traveler perspective:1. Hotel looks a bit dated. 2. Free breakfast means some muffins and dispenser OJ. With a warm breakfast of bread and eggs. 3. Room itself was pretty small for an extended stay room. 4. Wireless worked well and not complicated to connect. 5. Water pressure was good for the 3rd floor. Overall an "ok" place to stay but I find the price per quality ratio on the losing end. I wouldnt want to stay here with my wife and kids... But for business? It got the job done.
4	A quaint little suites hotel located off the freeway and next to a vast majority of all chain resteraunts and business'. There is a Shell gas station right next door (over priced gas ) but for convenience is pretty good. There is also a Hospital right next door , hopefully on your visit that wont be needed lol. The staff here is really friendlyThe breakfast is just cereals , muffins etc could use some improvement but nothing to complain about .And the grounds are well kept and clean.
