5	Great service, efficiency. I arrived at 4pm and was in my car by 425pm! Thanks for a great job, guys!
4	To save money, I took my Mini Cooper for an oil change here but you have to bring your own filter, drain plug and filter removal tool. The techs were very friendly too.
5	Every 3000 mi!I have been coming to Jiffy Lube for about 10 years! They always know what to put in my cars, know what was put in them last time and never over charge me! They are very quickand clean!They usually find me some kind of discount I didn't even know they had!Over all, they are Great!!
5	I enjoy this location. I've had bad experiences at other large chain shops. This place always takes care of me.
4	So far so good. I'm from NM where jiffy was great. I hope to find the same here. Was greeted right as I stepped out of my car, they gave me the rundown of a basic oil change and there inspections. That was nice. 10 min then I will set up AZ account and shale see how long it takes em to know it out.
2	SLOW SLOW SLOW. We waited almost 45 minutes for them to change the oil in two cars that were in progress before we ever arrived. Then it was another 30 minutes to change our oil. No "jiffiness" here. Always try to up sell you unnecessary services and products using fear tactics. We won't be back.
5	Went in today during my lunch break for a quick oil change.  Whenever I choose Jiffy Lube, I never really know what I'm going to get.  Some locations are ok, others are pretty darn slow.I hit this location today, at around 1pm and was on the road in less than a half hour!  It wasn't very busy, but I was very pleased with the service.They didn't push on the up-selling, of course they asked, but I liked that there wasn't the high pressure there normally is. The two techs were very pleasant, and the manager was very friendly and kind.  They did a good job cleaning the windows/vacuuming as well!  This location is a good 8 miles from work, but I chose it because they had the best reviews of all the Jiffy Lubes in a 10 mile radius. I will be defintely be coming back to this location!  Great job. Got the speed and convenience I was looking for.
5	These guys were very professional.  They could tell from the moment I got there I just wanted to be in and out, not a lot of upgrades.  They made their suggestions selectively, and I was out in about 20-25 minutes.  Being a girl and going by myself it can always be stressful when they try and confuse you and sell you stuff.  That is not at all what happened.  Very courteous to me.  I will be back considering it is so close to my work.Thanks guys
1	Following a tire rotation on 12/26, I found two of the wheel lug nuts only hand tight.  One fell out in a parking lot and was luckily found.  Not impressed.
