4	The first thing I noticed when I got my tacos was the quality of the meat. It wasn't that fatty, nasty looking crap found at other taquerias. It was lean, quality beef and pork (not perfect, but just enough fat). Other places need to take note... you can't get away with serving that nasty crap and expect people to come back.I got the three taco special  for $5. That's a bargain, considering it also comes with rice and beans. In typical street taco fashion, each one is served with onions and cilantro atop doubled up tortillas. They could have used more onions and cilantro, but at least there was a good amount of meat on each. Both the carne asada and the adobada could have used more seasoning, but the quality of the meat made up for it.This little taqueria has only been open for about 6 months. They're located in the same strip mall as Smith's on Tropicana and Hualapai and are open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.3.5 Stars (kick it up a notch with the seasoning)
2	I received a "buy 1 entree, get 2nd for 50% off" coupon in the mail and when I saw a super burrito on the menu that had steak, chicken, and shrimp, my husband and I decided to give it a try. The gentleman (possibly the owner?) taking the orders was very nice and helpful. Upon asking, he told me that everything was cooked to order as I saw the cook behind him putting each of my super burrito's components on the grill. Their condiment bar had a couple types of hot sauce so I got the pink one made with habanero peppers. When I got home and we dug in, we immediately realized how bland everything tasted. In a burrito that had the works: rice, beans, sour cream, pico, steak, chicken, and shrimp, it all melded together as one bland mouthful. This is unfortunately not what I was looking for when I wanted fast Mexican food. I was craving my greasy fix and got what tasted like a health-mex burrito. I figured that the salsa might help, but even that was so watered down, that I couldn't get any flavor from it, and only the spice. I really wanted to like this place because of the customer service and what looked like a fantastic menu, but they really need to fix their seasonings in the food and hot sauce to be more vigorous.
2	Meh. I've definitely had better. We sampled the chicken adobado, quesdailla, and beef burrito. Everything lacked flavor, zing, and goodness. Nothing was bad...just bland. Salsas, and sour cream were watered down. Literally. The sour cream was like fluid milk. Tortillas were fresh and yummy. Guacamole was good. It'll do in a pinch but nothing to rave about. Definitely didn't have that zesty Latin flavor I was hoping for.
4	I found out about this place by sitting next to the owner, Eddie, on a flight. He's a professional chef who decided to out on his own. He is so anal about being sanitary that he taught me a few things about how a restaurant kitchen should be run. The thing Eddie is most proud of is that he ONLY uses ANGUS BEEF. He showed me the bright red color of the meat and how he trims the fat every morning as he's prepping the various cuts for the day.His carne asada burrito is really good! It's seasoned well so I don't know why others complain that the food here is bland. I was there tonight and saw that they're running a special - $1 tacos. I ended up cutting the burrito in half. It was enough for two meals. Not bad for $5.45 incl tax. It's located between Subway and a Chinese place, across from Smiths. I used to go to Roberto's just down the street, but not anymore.
4	Star Mexican grill is what a small owner operator mexican restaurant  should be, it is not a white linen $20.00 entree type Mexican but the food is very good, stick with the basics Tacos, enchiladas, and Burritos, they serve rice and beans with most dishes really like the chicken or pork enchiladas. the prices are $5.00 to $7.00 a few dishes higher it is served on disposable plates and plastic silver, they have some sauces on a small bar area if you like hot there hot sauce is very good and home made. This is just what I expect out of a small Mexican diner. good cheap food, you will like it
2	I gotta agree with the others and I was surprised.  The quality was fresh, made to order, the 2 employees were very nice.  But yea it was VERY bland and lacked flavor.  What a disappointment.. Why work so hard to make everything fresh and to order and not have any flavor in mexican food.  I ordered their wet burrito and btw their sauce was as thin as water and that too was soooo disappointing. I will say that this place can EASILY improve and if you, I'd go back but otherwise I'll take my business up the street to Lindo Michocan (however you spell it)
4	Great fresh food! Give yourself time for lunch hour, as it is fresh so it takes a little bit longer but not bad! Not bland! Great service!
5	Been going here every now and again since they opened but have started going fairly frequently the past month or so. Everything is always fresh and has great, authentic flavor. Have had the adobada, asada, chorizo, chicken and shrimp. All were tender, moist and delicious. The sopes are great and burritos are a great value. Will continue to come here in the future!
