1	This place is the worst place ever. The staff are horrible. I feel like a fraud place where u dont have a say. I got 2 issue w the staff here. First, i only live at this apartment and i already annoy by the guard out there. At first i pick the place because the live guard but i total request it. Asking me for id everyday even i told them my name address, and phone number. The most funny thing was i get id when i live there and my friend only have to give the name to come in. Second, when i leave the place i got the bill which i strongly belive i got charge extra 1 month utility which i can see it from the bill. I went and talk to the manager christine which was the one who made the bill. The was being friendly and listen to my explanation. She just told me to call the utility company, she doesnt work for utility company. However, she was the one who make the bill. so whatever, i did call the utility company right away. They believe i did get charge extra too but they change the bill since it wasnt them who make the bill. So now, i dont know who to talk to since she the manager. She even told me u not the only one who got charge like that. So i dont know how many people got the same problem before just choose to pay for it and shut their mouth.One thing i have to say they r very quick on collecting their bill my due day for the bill is the end of the month and i already get the collection paper in the middle of the same month for it. Tell me is this a fraud company.
5	Great apartments. Guard gated, all units come with a garage, washer and dryers, beautiful and clean grounds. The staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable. Excellent location for freeway, airport and strip access.
4	Haven't even moved in yet and already we are in love. My partner and I are on a waiting list for a 9/14 move in for the floor plan we desire. Met with Yamilet just over a week ago,and after that initial meeting/tour we decided we didn't need to look at any other apartments and that this was indeed the place for us. That night I completed the application and lease online ( which I reccomend everyone doing because of the move in credit you receive),and just 2 days later (that's how fast it was) everything was processed and we got the green light. Yamilet in the office is a total ball of sunshine and so very friendly. The tour and floor plans impressed us,as did the amazing decor in the demo units. The clubhouse is spectacular as is the pool area ( I do feel it still could use more greenery and possibly umbrellas). Needless to say we are looking forward to moving in soon.
1	Worst "gated" community I have every stayed! The guards are a joke and just let anyone in. Huge ant problem! Had my water heater burst at 12am, flood my garage, and I was told they will fix it tomorrow. They did around noon. Huge ant problem. Inside of the apartments, don't look like the show apartments. REQUEST a walk through. The property manager WILL lie to your face. Plus side is the pool is 24hours.
5	Have lived here for nearly 5 years, and plan on many more to come. Our neighbors are excellent, quiet and curteous. The neighborhood is safe, with additional security with patrols and guard gated. I've never experienced them just letting anyone in, and on multiple occasions have throughly checked my guests. The staff in the management office are excellent and helpful, always taking care of issues quickly. If there is ever a maintenance issue, it is resolved within 24 hrs. My only issue is that the appliances and counters are a little "dated", and the carpet is horrible to try and keep clean, but I have seen the new move out units being upgraded to hard wood floors :) however these issues are minor seeing as I have a 2 bed 2 bath 2 car garage for a great price, but I would like to see these things upgraded in time.Overall I HIGHLY RECOMMEND these apartments if you are looking for apartment living with a "home" feel.
