4	I'm not exactly sure when this location first opened, but some co-workers and I recently headed over to check out the Denny's at Neonopolis. In reality, I'm not a big fan of Denny's, but thought it'd be fun and kitschy.The GoodIt is the nicest, cleanest Denny's that I have ever been in. They have a full bar, which seems interesting for a Denny's, but then again, it's on Fremont Street and that makes sense. I can't comment on the bar because we went for lunch during the work week.  ('Nuff said.) The restaurant has a photo booth that's Vegas-themed (NEAT); the kind where there's an outline for your head, you stand there, take the picture, and you'll come out with Elvis hair or whatnot. But the camera is kinda high, so if you're a scrimp like me (5' 1" or shorter), the camera is too high. Sadly, my head didn't reach the outline, and there was no stool or anything like that.We all had the french toast special, which was cheap ($6-7) and decent (or at least the french toast was; the sausage  . . . well, we won't talk about that). Our waitress told us that they're opening a wedding chapel (or already did), and there was a celebrity wedding already lined up for February. (At least we're already in Vegas for betting purposes.)  The BadMy group was seated in a booth adjacent to another booth, with some artsy-geometric bars as a separator from the head-up. As we were paying the bill, another co-worker and I turned around in the booth, and noticed a dude's head literally peering over our shoulders through the bars. Apparently, he was looking to see if we were done with our food. Kinda caught us off guard a bit.   The UglyIt's still Denny's food. Okay / decent, but not great by any means. The general group consensus was that Denny's is a place to end up.OverallSo why the four stars? Location, location, location! It's Denny's on Fremont, so it's worth checking out for that reason alone. Also, this restaurant has an outside patio, which will be a fun spot to people watch in the summertime, and offers uncommon Denny's menu items like flatbread.
4	This Denny's is the best looking,friendly,and cleanest I have ever been in,there is a bar with about four flat screen TV. tables and stools that seats about 20 to 25 people,the deco in the bar area is very stylish,also they serve there frozen drinks too this is strange they have a place inside that says photo booth that you can take pictures, outside I can see but inside I don't see,try the blooded mary garnish with celery /lime and strip of bacon and side car of horse relish $6,00 so forget the food come here for the bar,its also a great place to people watch with an enclosed patio,I did eat breakfast here before I hit 15 SB
5	I was really impressed with this Denny's. The entire experience was perfect. The host, tony, was really friendly. Our server, Rebecca, was super nice, and quick, and stayed on top of things. The music was enjoyable, the chairs and tables were very contemporary, instead of the typical Denny's diner type booths... I got my free birthday breakfast, which was awesome. I was also able to have a fricken Bloody Mary, because they have a full bar! I was happy to go to Denny's and look through the menu and see that they didn't jack up their prices because they knew they could. The menu prices were the same as any Denny's anywhere, and I think that was awesome. I will absolutely be back. Of course, because I'm obese as f*ck. :D
2	Went in on a Saturday morning at 10:50 AM.  The girl in the front said she was going to clean a table and seat us. This was said in front of her co-worker, who reassured us that our table would be ready in a few minutes.  About a minute later he decides to try and seat us at the bar, even though our table is ready. We explain that we would rather sit at the table instead. Our waitress was pleasant and took our order at 10:55 AM.  Drinks were brought out quickly, but there was no silverware or napkins on the table. At 11:15 AM our waitress comes to the table to inform us that the computer "lost" our order and she needed to write it down again. She was very apologetic. At 11:25 AM she came back again and said the food would be out shortly, there were a few orders ahead of ours. At 11:30 AM I called the Manager over to explain that we had been now waiting 35 minutes for 2 omelettes and still had not received the food and at this point was ready to pay for our beverages and leave. He apologized and said the food would be right out. Fast forward another 5 minutes and we were finally served, but had to point out that we still had no silverware. Again, the waitress was very apologetic and took the beverages (1 orange juice and 1 lemonade) off of the bill. The food was good (what you expect from Denny's),  but was not worth waiting 40 minutes for.
4	This is the nicest Denny's I have ever been to! It wasn't really busy so that was nice and the food came out fairly quickly. The waiter was very attentive and it was an overall good experience.
4	Bloody Mary with the 2 4 6 at Denny's, Oh yea. Now if they could that around here on the west side. Too bad you have to go all the way to Fremont st but this place was great. I will be returning the next time I am in town!!!!
4	This Denny's is not your mother's Denny's.   Great bar and a fun place to go downtown Las Vegas.   The beer was great and the specials were tasty.
4	Great Denny's location. They have a full bar AND a wedding chapel. Yeah you heard me right....a wedding chapel. I only know because the manager and I came up to our table and told us after our hangover breakfast that we could go get hitched in the back. Super clean with friendly staff. Hot food.
1	Wasn't good experience at all. Server seemed to not know what she was doing.  Had to ask for our toast twice. Water glasses were dirty with lipstick on the rim.
4	located at Neonopolis, third time there, no disappointments,  fun, decent food, and they pour heavy!!
5	I usually don't review chains, because it defeats the purpose of the chain and also crowdsourced reviews.  A chain is a chain.But this Denny's is awesome.  The place was immaculate, the decor was hip and inviting, (I know what you're thinking... but this one is not your HoJo-style Dennys!) my server was super friendly (thanks Nidia!), and when I asked her after the meal where I could find a place on Fremont to sit down and churn out some work on my laptop for a few hours, she pointed over to the dining area.  Then she moved a table next to an outlet for me.Customer service A++.  And the breakfast was good too.  Win.
4	Clean, they serve alcohol and the waiter was cool at 3 am. The food is what you come to love and hate about every other Denny's you've been to.Saw some drama at the table next to us and it was pretty darn entertaining, an ex-husband was bugging his ex for whatever reason and she wasn't having it, let the sparks fly! Soooo the annoying girlfriend was getting involved and was sticking up for her gf, ex husband wasn't having it (we were right next to them, we had to listen) security got involved, high fives everywhere when he got kicked out. Then somehow after it all died down, he snuck back in, by then we were out of there.The drinks are great, food you know and if you're there in the wee hours you might get a free show.
4	we usually come in late night after work and after the bars in Fremont East close.. or sometimes i'll even order food to go. the bar is always fun for groups. drink prices are great. good food for a 24 hour place. no smoking or gaming with full access to the bar :)) the kitchen has been inconsistent though and doesn't seem to know the menu or care.
1	We had horrible service!!
5	This is my all-time favorite Denny's. Not only do they have all the normal Denny's food, but they boast a full bar and an amazing Bloody Mary(it comes with a stick of bacon in it!)The service is amazing. You can even sit outside and people watch on Fremont. What more could you need?
5	FIRST: they are open 24/7SECOND: The have ALCOHOLTHIRD: If you've had too much alcohol, they feed you some of their EXTENDED menu items, and are VERY-NEARLY-INSULTINGLY-NICE. I mean REALLY Nice. Even if I give them a hard time about not having soup after 11pm (which I think is just plain RUDE) they treat me right and give me my warm food and smile away.ALSO: I took my friends out for their 21st birthday, and they were drunk after a hard night of drinking for them, and the wait staff comped their meal AND gave them desert with candles, without me asking them. lovethemlovethemlovethem.
5	The greatest Denny's of all time.I mean, what is the point of writing a review of a Denny's?  I will tell you . . . because this one is friggin great.Normally, at a Denny's, you kind of know what you are going to get.  You will get a 3 star experience and that is entirely correct because of the product, the price and the ambiance.  Not here, Buddy!First off, the place is absolutely spotless, no mean feat in downtown LV!  Second, the service is really great.  We went here twice at different times of the day, in two very different frames of mind and were treated really well.  Antoinette is a sweetheart and couldn't do enough for us.  She even waved and said welcome back the next time!  Kaz is great and makes a great Cadillac Margarita .  . . . .  WHAT?  Booze?  In Denny's?  You bet!  What is more you can have it on a really great patio which is a great place to people watch.  The food was really good for the price.  I mean, you know what you are going to get, plus a little bit more.  It does have more options than a regular one.I slated a breakfast place in San Diego and quite rightly, I believe.  I got some clown email me to suggest I stick to Denny's.  Well, if they were all like this you can be sure that I would!  I even picked up a coozie!
4	This was the Tuesday my wife's cleaning lady comes.  Every two weeks, I come back from the gym, shower quickly, and then make a quick escape from the two so I don't have to hear their silly chatter.  More important, they want me the hell out of the way!I needed to make a stop downtown anyway so I quickly decided to head for this Denny's.  I've driven by after a show several times and I wanted to try it. I parked in the city owned garage below Neonopolis and it's a short walk one flight up to get to the store areas and the Denny's.  The entrance is on the side.I ordered a Start Up omelette which is a 3 egg omelette with a choice of cheese and comes with toast and hash browns or grits.  I got tomato slices instead of the toast and grits.  I had already been brought fresh coffee.The omelette was a standard one with a fair amount of cheese inside.  The tomato slices were a nice change from the carbs of the breakfast sides.  The plate was one of the hottest plates I've touched in quite awhile and it kept the breakfast warm while I ate.My server was a young woman who was very pleasant.  She brought me some Cholula as requested.  That's always a bonus.One criticism--the small booths are really small!!  It would be hard to fit two standard sized adults in the space.  I pushed the table almost to the far side of the booth.  Sit at the counter or outside.A couple of things.  They advertise that this is the only Denny's in the world with a wedding chapel.  Well, not really.  There's an area with some wedding photos on the wall and if you want to get married at Denny's in downtown Las Vegas, that's where it will be.  They move the tables aside and you exchange your vows there.  I am aware from the news that there has been a wedding here.  Well, the licenses are sold only a few blocks away.  Second thing, the parking in the garage below Neonopolis is so convenient.  Denny's does not validate for this city owned garage but I had no payment due when I left.  perhaps it was the time of day, the day of the week, or merely the fact that I was here for less than an hour.I'll be back.  This is a really nice Denny's.
2	So this Denny's on Fremont is a mess late nights. We were not greeted when we walked in, it took way too long to be seated.It seems that most the servers had been partying, some seem wired etc.Several times I had to ask for a side of the same sauce, twice she brought the wrong drink..Then waitress openly tells us "oops, you can tell I drink" what the what?!?Food was ok but rushed and looked messy.I will only eat at this Denny's again if I'm more drunk then I was last time.Great spot for cheap drinks (reason for 2nd star)
5	Came here after a 5k run downtown.  Me, my wife and 8 year old daughter were looking for some breakfast after an early morning.  This place looked good and we knew what to expect.  We were soaking wet after the run since it was the "Sprinkler Sprint" and they spray you with water cannons, super soakers, etc as a gimmick.  Not dripping, but enough for my daughter to be very cold when not in the sun.  We told the host that we were going to leave since she was so cold, but asked if they had any seats outside available.  He said that the patio seating was the part of the bar and my daughter couldn't sit there.  Then he told us to hold on a minute and went to ask his manager something. The host came back and told us that they had another patio area that wasn't open right now but they could get us a table, even better it was in the sun.  Not normally where's you'd want to sit during August in Las Vegas, but in our situation it was perfect.  They cleaned the table and set it especially for us.  The entire restaurant was spotless as well.  The rest of the meal was as you would expect from Dennys.  The waitress was pleasant and timely but nothing extraordinary.  The food came in a reasonable amount of time and was quite tasty.  The bill was reasonable.  I wouldn't normally think of Dennys when asked about great customer service, but this place does it right!  They went out of our way to help us when they could have just as easily told us they can't help.  I made sure to tell the manager, who was helping the cashier to ring up the long line of customers, what a great job the host did, as well as leaving an above average tip for above average service.
1	I love Denny's but after eating here I think I have to stay away from Denny's from a while. The service was terrible and there's no nice way to put it. We were given a bad attitude as soon as we walked in the door....way to set the mood!  I was mostly displeased with the female security guard for being so rude and off. I don't know maybe the terrible service is due to the fact that we visited this place late night...but  that is no excuse to treat customers so horribly.
1	Yiks this place needs a lot of work!! The food was so cold that the not so fresh fruit was warmer than it. The employees were so busy having fun with each other they forgot us and our food. The restaurant was so empty they should take a look at why. Staff should be thankful for the job. If you are visiting the strip and think Dennys is a safe place to eat because its a big chain than think again. We were sick with stomach problems that could only be Dennys as the cause. Go to a casino and take your chances there.
4	Is this Denny's new? I don't remember it being here last year. It's very clean and seems that way. Our host, server and manager were extremely friendly.This one is unique with its offerings of tvs and full bar; I'm wondering if the menu is the same nationwide.I don't know how long it's been since I've dined at a Denny's in IL; I've never seen meatball lasagna on the menu. I've been on a meatball sandwich binge lately (no wonder I'm not losing weight); so naturally, I had to order the lasagna. It came with 2 slices of garlic bread.It's filled with plentiful layers of meatballs, pasta, sauce and cheese. Heavy and filling, I finished 1/3 of my plate. No place for a microwave to heat it so I'm sad to admit the rest was wasted. My only hope now is to go to a neighborhood Denny's and find it on our menu.
3	It's Denny's...they're open 24/7 which is convenient when you're trying to sober up after a night out on Fremont St. But then again, it's Denny's, which means for the price you're paying you're going to get medicore food. Don't get me wrong, I love breakfast and diner food, but Denny's just isn't as good as other places. Kudos for decent service even at 3 am when they have limited staff on hand.
4	Denny's is Denny's no matter where you are.  They are all about the same.  This one is better than most because it's on Fremont Street!  Not only do you get to eat food you already know & love - you get to watch the crazies walk up & down Fremont.  This Denny's also has a cool photobooth that you can take crazy pictures in.  Being in such a touristy place, be prepared to wait a little longer.  It's pretty busy all the time.  The servers are always very nice.  Be nice to them & tip well - you wouldn't want to serve - so don't be an a-hole to your waiters or waitresses.
1	Took 15 min to take a to go order with only one person ahead of us. The gentleman was nice enough to allow my party to take our order and the cashier still didn't take our order.They had a complaint on waiting so long to pay there check and the cashier actually mentioned how he waited 45 min before,  when does an employee waiting become more important then a customer. Ad we were waiting for our food two additional parties had complaints too! Bad all the way around.
4	What can I say- its Denny's. Who doesn't love Denny's breakfast foods?! I can't get enough of their pancakes. I like the fact that there is a Denny's in the Fremont district. Im not sure how long this Denny's has been here, but its super clean and very modernized (not your typical looking Denny's)...I had no problem with service. Food came out at a reasonable time and my pancakes were yummy as always. Oh can't forget, it has a full bar.
4	Denny's has always been my drunken guilty pleasure. There's just something about the greasy diner food that hits the spot so a location on Fremont Street is perfect!I stumbled upon Denny's while looking for a spot to grab a late night bite to eat and I was immediately sold. I asked for an order to-go and told the hostess that I had about 15 minutes before I needed to be back at the limo for my ride back to the Strip. She assured me that she would tell the kitchen to put a rush on the order and, sure enough, it was ready in plenty of time. As I was looking at the menu, I noticed that the infamous seasoned fries were missing. Instead, there was a choice of regular fries or sweet potato fries. But I asked the hostess and she confirmed with the kitchen that they do still carry the seasoned fries. I'm not sure why they're not listed on the menu but I really hope that Denny's never gets rid of them. They are my favorite! The seasoned fries paired perfectly with my bacon-less Super Bird and the hostess even threw in two containers of ranch (score!). The Super Bird tasted so incredible that I've been busy trying to recreate it at home for lunch all week. Definitely one of my favorite sandwiches!
1	Plates were dirty and chipped. The staff was inattentive and the food was as good as all Denny's ,.
2	The food is standard Denny's food, you should know what to expect. This review is about their service, which was horrible. In fact I go there about once every three weeks and it is always HORRIBLE. Had to wait 10 mins to get seated when it was empty. Another 15 for my order to be taken. Then when the food is dropped off the waiter leaves the bill. He is missing the entire dining experience, not once did he stop by to see how things were. I had to ask three other servers to get my waiter to request a ranch, and that took him ten minutes. Now I understand that restaurants sometimes get busy, but it was dead. The server was so rude and miserable. And Its not the first time he has waited on me, it's the third time. And every single time he looks miserable and is rude. Get some waitstaff that wants to actually work Denny's!
3	It was slow to get seated, but they have alcohol and the service was good one we were at a table. And the food was good ole standard dennys. The place was clean and comfortable.
1	My friends and I went there after everything was closing in Downtown. Though the service was okay, the food came out horrible. Worst of all, I ordered an Irish Coffee. They charged me $4.50 for the Irish Coffee and then $5.00 for Baileys.  A $9.00 Irish Coffee. When I complained , the manager said I had to call the General Manager and the District Manager to get any recourse. Never going there again. I absolutely do NOT recommend it.
1	They don't have the standard value menu which is dumb, and they didn't give us silverware until after the food was here...On top of that, not mentioning that a substitution is going to cost an extra $1.30 for a chicken sausage and then saying that I should know it costs extra...whack.Definitely not a Grand Slam, more like a strike out.
4	This Dennys is super convenient and is the best drunk food ever we were on Fremont all night partying very hard and this dennys came to our rescue as we all went inside and order a different things from breakfast to dinner after a salad they accommodated all of our needs and took great pride in giving us the best service on Fremont for a restaurant
4	This Denny's is located downtown, has a bar, and it is beautiful!  It's modern with a hint of whimsy.Though the food is what you'd expect from any other Denny's, the atmosphere is not! Check it out!
2	Worst Dennys in the southwest! The food was smothered in grease and the pancakes had left over char from past cooked food! Oh and I didn't get silverware until I was seated.
1	What the hell happened?  Went here again, exact same time of year, one of the same servers.... the place was dead and I see why!  The bar didn't have a bartender in the middle of the day, the service was horrible, the food was crap, even the girl at the cash register was rude.  Wow, what a decline.  Last year was so great, the place was rammed and times were good.  The worst turnaround I have ever seen.  How do you mess up a Denny's?  Wow.
4	We thought it was going to be super packed but it wasn't in and out of there in an hour and a half
4	This is NOT your grandmother's Denny's... In fact, this is the COOLEST Denny's I have ever visited in my life....They have a full bar....I guess anything is possible in Vegas....Sit at one of the outdoor tables, you will be right in the middle of the downtown Vegas...which, unlike the Strip, is cool in a unique way...I love it!
3	This is a really nice Denny's. Sounds weird but it is. Drinks are very reasonable. Bacon bloody Mary is only $7. It's super clean and the workers are all really friendly. They have outdoor seating available and a decent sized bar. There's a nice inside area to eat at that is all windows which is spot on to eat/drink and ppl watch.
5	Kudos to dennys for hiring Vesaun (sp?)!!! Amazing and friendly waitress!!! Food was alright but she made it better!!! Even complimented me on last nights glitter! :) thank you!
1	First off we love Dennys and this was our 4th visit to this one we have gotten bad food here before but cooks do have bad days but 4 times..The eggs were under cooked and pancakes tasted old and dry and the rest of the plate had a puddle of greaseI think the only thing good was the toast and coffee..All the other Dennys we get good food and good service so I think its time to get new cooks and new servers cause you keep this up and the dennys name wont save this place
1	Very very bad service. Only 4 tables to serve but yet waitress Karen didn't refill my coffee or water gave my bill to the customer behind me. Even the gentleman had to ask another waiter for more refill. Oh and when my coffee was refilled damn it was not even hot.  Wth!!!
3	Nothing major to report on the food that hasn't already been said about any other Denny's. Typical Denny's food with typical Denny's flavor. If you've never been to a Denny's before this chain has an extensive breakfast menu that you can customize at your choosing. They have 'Fit' items that are great for those of you who are healthy consious. One of my favorite's is the Loaded Veggie Omelet which I had today. I substituded the hash browns for fruit which you can do at no extra cost. I don't know if any other Denny's has "Pan Cake Puppies" but this particular won does. I tried the Red Velvet Pan Cake Puppies and they serve it with a cream chesse syrup dip. It's very, very good. The place is fairly clean and location is ideal for the DTLV tourist. It has a full bar, at the end where you can sit in the patio area and get some primo people watching time in! Specially after midnight. Yes, I did say bar, as in you can grab a brew or have a shot of Te-killya with your Denny's meal. The three stars were given because of the service. It could definitely have been better. I feel bad saying that since the server was polite and courteous but that's about it. Polite and courteous is only part of your tip. He never came around to check on us once we ordered even though he passed by our table several times.. He had to be flagged down each time. The food took about 30 minutes to come out and it wasn't really that busy. Ok, maybe they were short staffed, but who isn't now-a-days. Before the food even came out my son and I ordered coffee. He only bought one creamer. We ask for more creamer and it took him about 10 minutes to get the creamer to us. That is a long time in the restaurant world just to get creamer. For the most part that's understandable if you're rushing and simply forgot. We are all human. When we ordered a coffee refill, we also ordered more sugar packets, he came back with the coffees but this time no creamer. We ask for creamer and again reminded him of the sugar packets. The creamer came but the sugar never made it. This is not an isolated incident, I've been here 3-4 times on different days of the week and different times and the service is pretty much the same. You generally have to get the servers attention to be taken care of once you make your initial order. I would actually give this place 2 stars but bumped it up to 3 because, well, they have a bar...come on, tell me that's not worth the extra star.
5	Great diner food! When coming to Denny's you have to understand you're at a diner! It's not top quality food. But the food is good for being a diner.Chicken strips and French fries - can't ever go wrong with that.
1	We travel a lot to Vegas and always stay on Freemont St. Denny's is obviously a fast, cheap meal and something we look forward to waking up to in the morning. We have been there over 20 something times and never have anything bad to say about it. The place is clean, the servers are ok and the food taste like Denny's.This last trip has me never wanting to go back and it is a shame. We ordered food to go for the family and a meal was forgotten. We did not realize it till we were far away. We were upset but nothing a refund could not change. I called the location and told them what happened. The girl who said she was the manager apologized and said "Sorry, that chick forgot to put it in the bag." Very unprofessional attitude and weak communication skills. Surprised she is your manager.Well we asked for a refund and she said the opening manager could handle it the next day. The next day we went to Denny's for breakfast. After our meal was finished I asked to speak to a manager to speak about the refund. The manager said it would be a few days till the refund hit our account. Understandable. Well the end of this story, the refund never came. I understand things can happen, like forgetting to put a meal inside the bag but when you say you are going to refund a person then REFUND them.You have officially lost our family as customers. Thanks Denny's.John-{aul 454896 9-29-14 11:58 (Ticket/server Number the next day)
