2	Color me unimpressed. I wanted Starbucks before work and decided to stop at a location I had never been to. No drive-thru, so I had to go inside to place my order. The workers weren't the chipper, friendly, polite baristas I come to expect when I am paying $5 for a cup of coffee. I won't be back.
4	Being the closest Starbuck's to my apartment, I have been patronizing it the last four years.Up to this day, I never had a bad Starbuck's experience here.  At the crossroads of Green Valley Parkway and Warm Springs Road, and in the heart of Green Valley, it gets busy. There have been visits where I have had to wait on a line then wait on a table.        Despite the fact that the tables fill up, there is plenty of indoor and outdoor seating.     A recent drawback is that they now close earlier.
4	This is like any other Starbucks, so nothing major to report; but the fact that it's an out of town location.I checked in on Four Square and noticed that the tip read that the people who worked here were horrible and snobby or something like that.  I saw two girls working there and I can kind of see how one of them could be seen that way, but she was nice to me.  Ordered our drinks and out the door we were.Went there twice in a weekend and both times were pleasant.
3	The location is a pain in the as*! The service is great, store is kinda old but clean. It is so hard to get in and out of the parking lot. Also -1 for having no drive thru.
1	This is the worst location in the history of Starbucks. 1- It has the most awkward parking. The lot is always an accident waiting to happen. Nobody seems to pay attention when pulling out of their tiny spots.2- HORRIBLE baristas. I give the benefit of the doubt here and there, but they're always rude and if you order anything other than pike they make you feel like your order is bothering them.The last visit I had sealed the 1 star review for me. I was third in line of probably 9 people total . I was in line for about 8 minutes, not because they were busy but because the barista was having the longest conversation with her friend/customer. I felt rude doing it, but I HAD to ask then to speed it up because I wanted to go home so I could get ready for work. I obviously annoyed this bitter woman because she had THEEE worst attitude when I gave her my order. She didn't ask if I wanted a receipt and she nearly snapped my gold card in the machine. UGH!At this point I could have just went home and brewed my own pot of coffee....After another few minutes of waiting for my drink, I couldn't believe it, but the barista was chatting it up again! I appreciate friendly people and a nice "Hello, how are you? etc." is more than welcome, but there's a time and place for extended "catching up". I was listening as the barista chatted with her friend, and to my surprise she wasn't JUST talking... she was making fun of the customer that was in front of me in line! SERIOUSLY STARBUCKS?... I felt soooo bad listening to this rotten woman making fun of the appearance and order of a customer that just paid $6.00 for your damn coffee! I was SO irritated. I HAD to say something again. I said "Excuse me but I've been here for well over 10 minutes now, you're not busy, you're not doing your job, all you've been doing is making fun of your customers!!!".. she sucked her teeth, muttered under her breath and .......Needless to say my coffee was ready. She plopped it on the counter and said "here". Wow. thanks. I left (it was a 15 minute ordeal) with COLD coffee, the complete wrong order, and it was drowning in syrup. I need good coffee to start my day. Since this subhuman decided it was OK to be mean to other customers, I figured I could give them a dose right back. I went to my favorite location (1 mile up the road, where I should have just went to begin with) and I told them what happened with my coffee in hand. They apoligized for the actions of the barista and gave me the email of their area supervisor, along with a replacement cup of perfect coffee. --A happy ending to a miserable start of the day. DO NOT BOTHER WITH THIS PLACE! Instead, go right up the road to the pebble marketplace (Smith's/Brooklyn Bagel and Pizzza hut are in the same mall)
2	Starbucks is a Starbucks is a Starbucks . . . except, this is one of the most consistently slow Starbucks I've ever visited.  Whether there are 3 people in line or 10, it always takes a long time to get a drink.  To be fair to the staff, most of the time I've been here, the customers are ordering multiple drinks.  And I've never seen the place empty.  So the staff seems to be doing the best they can.  But they never seem to catch up.  So if you're looking to drop in and grab a quick coffee drink, go elsewhere.
5	One of the best Starbucks in the valley.  Every time I go to this location I always get perfect service and drink.  The staff is very friendly and they always make my drink exactly how I want it.  When I walk in now they already know my order and begin making it before I get to the counter.  Never a disappointment and I wish all Starbucks were like this one.
4	I know I am addicted.. I love the Starbucks.. They are pretty much everywhere now, and it is hard to write a review for just one store. Parking is tricky, watch yourself no need to run over a slow person (they need coffee) and don't think you will get out of there quickly. They are pretty good with my order just have to remind them ICE FIRST, says so in the manual.. I have google too people..
5	Out of all the Starbucks in the Henderson area, this one is my favorite.  I have no problem with the parking but people in this city have terrible driving habits so I can understand how difficult and challenging it must be for them.  Bummer for those who don't like it that there is no drive through... evidently they haven't been inside a store that has one...those are absolutely filthy inside...don't believe me?  Go inside sometime and check it out!  The servers are friendly and courteous and accommodating... They go out of their way to fulfill any request.  I guess you could say they are old school.  Maybe I'm partial being a regular and all but that's my 2 cents.
5	This place is crazy busy on the mornings. You need to beat the rush to get out and on your way to work. The staff is always friendly and have never had an issue with service. Enjoy!
5	Love the convenience of this neighborhood coffee shop.  I hope it stays here as an anchor tenant for the shopping center for the indefinite future.
1	They closed early on me. I come to the Starbucks occasionally, I live in the neighborhood. My wife and I showed up three minutes before closing with another car load of people and the doors were already locked. When I jiggled the door, they shut off the lights. Evidently they had to leave right at nine. So they closed early. Disappointing.
5	Just had my most favorite Starbucks experience ever. Some gentleman made the girl a custom delicious coffee that she loved and you gotta keep the girl happy. Five stars Starbucks,  five stars.
1	Walked in to this quite Starbucks and stood at the counter for 5 minutes before either employee acknowledged me. Well NOT be going back to this location!
