5	Years ago (mid-90's) when I worked on Mill Ave., I used to eat here weekly. Now I live and work in Central Phoenix, but still try to grab lunch here every month or so. The food is just as good now as it was back in the day - and I don't think the menu has changed much either, and it hasn't needed to.You really can't go wrong with any of the salads offered on any given day - they're always freshly made and tasty. Choose what looks and sounds best to you, there's always a nice variety. But if you're a fan of chicken salad, I challenge you to find one better - perfectly creamy with nice pieces of shredded white-meat chicken and fresh, juicy grapes. Tamales and soups are pretty good, too, though not usually my thing here.I also highly recommend the homemade honey lemonade - it's completely addictive. Just the right mix of honey sweetness and sour lemon. Get a big one and take it to go, you'll thank me I promise ;-}
2	I used to love you.. Remember when I use to come visit every week and you would give me delicious tamales and huge heaping salads.. You were wonderful.. Why did you change? We had such a good thing going, we've been together 9 years!.. How could you have done this to me?Your recipes have changed with the new owner and I think the tamale sauce is from a can.. The last three times I've been in you were out of 2 salads (not good when you only serve 6 different kinds).. What has happened to you? I can't get over your dishonesty and lack of care for my taste buds. This is so depressing.. I'll never find anyone as good as you..used to be..
4	Every week or so I get a mad craving for chicken salad on greens with their crab curry pasta.  The chicken salad is decent and perfectly balanced with the right mix of mayo, shredded chicken, and sliced grapes.  The crab curry pasta is delicious and addictive, but could seriously use some crab. While In Season Deli is a solid staple in my lunchtime diet - the past few times I have noticed the dwindling amount of crab in the pasta.  My lunch buddy Joe and I were debating the better name to describe this dish -- curry pasta with crab extract or curry pasta with essence of crab?  You decide for yourself. The woman behind the counter (who I think is the owner) is always friendly, chatty and personable - which is always and added bonus.  Pay at the counter, grab a seat outside, eat your lunch on the patio and enjoy the tranquil and quiet brick courtyard - added bonus number two.Four stars - possibly five if they get the crab situation in order.  Ok, that just sounded gross.
2	How the mighty have fallen...This used to be one of my favorite places on Mill. If I'd yelped them last year they would have been 5 stars, no doubt. I ate here weekly for years, sometimes twice a week. A vegetarian haven, it was. But then... something happened. The food just tanked. New owner, I heard - but I don't know the details. Anyway, after a few bad experiences I stopped going altogether. Until a friend convinced me it might have just been growing pains and they deserved another shot. We all deserve second chances, right? Right. So I went back. Summer bows (used to be my favorite) were slimy, the tamales were dry, tamale sauce tasted like paste... And the portions weren't nearly what they used to be. So sad. How I miss the good old days.
5	I am ecstatic to report that In Season Deli has reclaimed its former glory.. Keep in mind, I don't know the whole story here, but apparently the previous owner, Lydia, purchased the deli back and had her Grand Re-Opening last week. Stopped by for lunch today, and man, was it delicious, just like the good old days. The tamales were so tender, the side portions were huge, I can't wait to go back, and I will - this used to be a weekly trip for me and it will be again. Welcome back, Lydia! How we missed you!
5	I was so disappointed after reading that this place had gone downhill since I left Tempe last year when a new owner came inBut since it was one of my favorite lunch places when I was at ASU, I decided I had to go back.  I was so happy to see that on the white board, it said "Lydia is back!"  Yay!  I got the combo of four with Indonesian rice, saffron rice, penne with feta & dill, and rice pudding.  They have the huge servings of salads and rices just like I remember.  And of course, they were all just as delicious as I remember when I was a student.
5	I love love love this place!  I go there everytime a visit  to AZ.  I wish there was one in my town.  It's the best vegetarian deli I know.  One of my favorite dishes are the tamales!  The portions are a nice size and Always delish!  Yolanda and Lydia are great they are always helpful and take good care of me and my family.  It's tucked in a nice little corner, there's outside shaded seating only but my kids like it like that.  We get to people watch and enjoy a great lunch!
4	I work on Mill Ave. and usually get a craving to go here for lunch once a week. It's fast, convenient, fresh, delicious and well priced. The set-up is just a small indoor deli case where you order and pay. Most people take their food to go, but there is a small outdoor patio where you can eat there. The deli case is stocked with various salads: greens, chicken/tuna and pasta. They also serve soup and tamales. And you can order the chicken/tuna salads on a sandwich. You can basically order anything you want from the case in single or combo orders. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. Prices fall in the $5-8 range, depending on the size/type of order but they aren't shy to scoop huge portions onto your plate. Some of my favorites are the chicken and tuna salads, pasta w/ feta and dill and Greek salad. Yum!
4	Nice, tucked away location that reminded me of my hometown in Ohio. I didn't know exactly how it worked, but a guy at the restaurant explained it to me. I went with the potato soup of the day and the curry crab pasta. I loved both! The pasta was creamy with a nice hint of curry. The portion they gave me was huge and I barely finished it, but seeing the sign above the complimentary chips and salsa asking not to waste, I felt compelled to finish it off...I also ordered the strawberry honey lemonade - incredible! I stumbled onto this place by accident, but I will be back.
4	I work on Mill Ave. and enjoy a lunch at the In Season Deli at least once a week.  I enjoy their greens salad with sprouts and a healthy heaping spoonful of chicken salad on top.  I can't say that I've ever had a better chicken salad.  The grapes give it a sweetness and there is also a nuttiness to it that I can't quite place.  I also enjoy the rice pilaf and curry rice there on occasion. As the temperature heats up in the valley, the In Season Deli is a nice light deterrent from some of the other the very heavy greasy food choices on mill.The chips, which are free by the way, aren't particularly amazing, but the salsa that comes with them is!The staff is super friendly and I enjoy eating there.
3	The food here is just okay. Most of the dressings for the pasta salads are mayo-based and applied liberally.  Not everything is made fresh daily, as advertised, and even if it is it's still cheap, store bought pasta.  It's a little expensive for what it is, especially considering this place has such a low overhead.  And $1 for a can of soda?  Hansen's is good, but, please.  It used to be better, and it was always pleasant going in there, but ownership has since changed.  It's really too bad, because I think the location, though tucked away in a courtyard, has the potential to be a destination spot.
5	My FAVORITE local place. Its Mill Avenues best kept secret! I love that they do different salads everyday, and everything I have had is great, Greek pasta salad and chicken salad are my favorites. They give you great portions (enough for 2 meals) for a very affordable price. Her salsa (which is free w/chips) is really good too! I am at loss for words to tell you how yummy it really is, try it for yourself, you wont be disappointed. P.S. Your supporting a locally owned and operated business when you do... =)
3	Need a 1/2 star button. 3-1/2 stars here. Tried tamale chx salad and raspberry tea. The chx salad was good (grapes, celery, green onion, almonds) sliced so thin makes not one thing overpowering..tamale was not bad not dry somewhat flavorful...they were out of strawberry honey tea, settled for raspberry-typical... Meal was only $8, not bad..probably won't be back except to try this strawberry-honey tea ppl are yelling about..very friendly and fast
2	I think this is the first time it's happened, but Yelpers you really failed me on this one. I went out of my way to try this place based on the reviews and what a huge disappointment! First off, they didn't have roast beef (it does say deli out front right?!), and then I end up getting a turkey sandwich that I could have made at home. Actually mine would've been better, this sandwich had what seemed like a very poor quality lunchmeat.  The sandwich was $7. Are you kidding me?! I thought the honey strawberry lemonade would make up for it but it was so sweet that I thought I was drinking straight honey, And I love sugary drinks, so that's saying a lot. The free chips and salsa are probably from Costco. I shall not be returning for overpriced simple food I can make at home.
4	The soups are all vegan, but occasionally lack salt and are under-seasoned. Unfortunately, I have yet to find a side that is amazing. I highly recommend the chicken salad on a spinach wrap.
5	Amazing food!! The chicken salad and strawberry lemonade were particularly wonderful! The portions are fairly large and the staff is super accommodating. As an extra bonus they have free chips and homemade salsa which is delicious! There is free one hour public parking under the condos behind this restaurant on 5th and Maple:)
4	In Season is one of my favorite places on Mill Ave. Friendly people, good food and prices. What more can you ask for.
4	The Yelp reviews led me here. I loved the independent feel of the small restaurant and the food looked fresh. Having no idea what to order, I saw the guy in front of me get a chicken salad sandwich and it looked good. I took his cue and got the same thing with a side of pasta salad.The food was really good. Lots of flavor. It was a bit heavy on the sprouts for me. The portions are huge. But what really made the meal was the raspberry iced tea. It's unsweetened and very fruity. That alone was worth the $11 tab. This place is a must stop for lunch if you are near Mill Street.
1	Not so impressed.  I've known this place existed, other veg's have recommended it. It was where I wandered off to after my first attempt to start my day in disaster.  Cute atmosphere I felt I wandered into a homey kitchen.  But that was it; nothing more after that but disappointment.Here is my list of issues:As a Sustainability student all the styrofoam sucked - homey kitchen and with 3 employees; nobody can think  the experience would be made uber chic with mix and match shabby chic thrift store found dinner ware?Sustainability point #2... Localavore It Ladies! & than advertise it loudly & proudly.Sustainability point #3... All the beverages in milk gallons, lined up like a fleet, in an ice bath on the counter was not so pretty either.  Really in a place so homespun breakfast ends?  I asked about the breakfast rolls -- sounded interesting but it was not allowed as it was 10:30 & breakfast ended at 10.  HOWEVER, moments later granny's "2 girls" flooded into the kitchen - other employees? - and granny offered them the left over soyrizo that was explained to me was an ingredient in the breakfast I could not have.  After looking in the window and seeing all the unhealthy mayo laden salads, my choice was  a veggie tamale - It did not kill me but it did not make me happy laying there like dog food that was just slid out of a can - sorry this was my first impression - lying in its sauce on the cheapest foam plate imaginable, not pretty.  This was just food to make a turd; not much more.  Actually it was brown like turd.  The description boasted tri color masa and veggies, were the veggies ground into the masa?  There was never any veggie filling, so I guess it was turd all digested together to give my digestive track a break?While granny was pouring my glass of lemonade I spied guacamole on the menu, guac makes me happy.. granny said, "Oh no not today; it is the day before a long weekend-- if I made guac & there were no customers it would go to waste, but here are some avocados I can give you some slices."  SORRY GRANNY I'VE WORKED IN PLACES THAT DID TABLE-SIDE  GUACAMOLE .. don't limit yourself.Last on the list... those aforementioned younger ladies that seemed to dart in and out.. as a career waitress with my own grandmother, (that would have put a crack in my ass the other direction for doing anything perceived foul in the kitchen) I know better than to wear tank tops in the kitchen - exposed armpits not so kitchen-spectacular.  Another homey touch that would really add to the experience - vintage aprons - another great thrift store find!!!Good Luck Ladies.  Sometimes I can give a place the baseball test, 3 strikes before their out. Sorry, got to cut the losses directly here, won't be back.
4	A great hidden gem off Mill Ave!  This place has good veg/non veg healthy lunch options in a small court yard setting.  For ~$7 you will be full.  There popular chicken salad is delicious and you can't go wrong with any of their items.  I dig the free chips/salsa as well and the out door seating is good 9 out 12 months a year.  The owners and employees make this a warm friendly environment.  Styrofoam cups at a "green" restaurant is what drops them from 5 to 4 stars.
3	OK. Primarily vegetabale-based food, but I'm not sure it really fits vegetarian. Definitely not vegan. That's ok, I'm not veg at all. The place is all kitchen - lots of stuff to make it homey. All tables are outside - there's no room in the place, and only room for about 12-15 people to sit. I had the veg tamale - it was all masa. The cheese and sauce made it palatable. Lots of pasta dishes.  A little pricey for the food.
1	Came here last month with my boyfriend for some sandwiches.  Such...a...disappointment.  As someone who frequents Mill Ave and all of its shops/restaurants/bars often, I often walk past In Season Deli and it's rarely even open.  I thought we had lucked out when we actually saw two people in there so we strolled in.We asked for two turkey sandwiches with the works and he also asked for a side of pasta salad.  Now there was only one older woman making the sandwiches, but it literally took about 20 minutes to get our food.  There was literally a fly swirling around their display case of their pastas, puddings, etc.  The lights in the case were blinking the whole time, made it very unappealing.  Not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing, but they didn't even have any of their tables or chairs pulled out for customers, (maybe there weren't any yet that day?) so one of the employees pulled them all out for us and turned the misters on which was enjoyable.The sandwiches were nothing special.  Something you would expect to see in a 2nd grader's brown bag lunch.  Regular wheat bread, oscar meyer brand turkey, one piece of lettuce, soggy tomato, mayo, and mustard.  His pasta salad had a film on it from being old, he didn't touch it.  Their sign actually fell off the wall as we tossed our food, it was priceless.Really wouldn't be surprised if this place closes down.
5	A sweet little gem, tucked away from the madness of Mill Avenue.  The staff is not only friendly but also very passionate about the food they prepare and serve.  They are recently under new management and working to restore the deli to the good old days.  Most of the items are vegetarian and there are even a few vegan options - including the tamales.  I would recommend a visit (and many return visits!) for the delicious tamales, tasty soups and flavorful salads.
