3	Yummy coffee, friendly service & best of all it's not a Starbuck's!(or a Sixbuck's if you will)
5	I'm not a coffee drinker, but I sure do love their frolattes-especially the mocha frolatte.  It's way better then Starbucks.  My husband gets bags of ground coffee there for his French press, it's the only kind he uses at home.  They also have a "membership" card thing that you get a free drink after so many purchases(I think 10)
4	First: staff is always friendly, which is nice.Second: lots of seating, indoors and outdoors. There's almost always people seated outside, weather permitting. Inside you have couches, chairs, those tables you can stand around, etc. Free wifi so there are always laptops here.  I can always find a free newspaper in the stack at the entrance.Third: pretty good bagels, but sadly you get the packet of Philadelphia Cream Cheese, which is rock hard and tough to spread.Fourth: coffee doesn't give me indigestion like Starbuck's acid coffee.Fifth: Plenty of parking.
4	I used to come here all the time when I was attending the college of Southern Nevada at College Drive. This was close enough to the freeway and decently priced enough to be worth skipping over to between classes to grab an Americano. I'd probably still be going all the time if I lived a bit closer or were on that side of town more often. The coffee was strong and the interior decorated well in soothing light wood tones and leather. I liked to post up outside, or take my coffee to a nearby park.  They have a variety of decadent flavors combining syrups and your choice of creamers with your coffee.
4	Since Saxby's is located right off the 95, I decided to swing in this morning for my caffeine fix. I had heard great things about Saxby's from friends but this was my first time in one.The shop itself looks nice, lots of room to sit and work or study. There are stands with free reading material as well (Las Vegas Weekly, Seven and the Henderson local newsletter). I wasn't sure what to get so I skimmed the drink menu and the chai tea latte jumped out at me. I started to order that, and the employee taking my order pointed over to a chalkboard with the seasonal specials which included apple and pumpkin chai tea lattes. I debated for a moment and went with pumpkin, a large was $3.50ish with tax. I am so glad the employee directed me to the board with the specials. I am sure I would have been happy with a normal chai tea latte but the pumpkin made it delicious. Oh pumpkin chai tea lattes, why must you be a seasonal drink? Woe is me, because they are amazing and I will miss them when Saxby's stops offering them.
2	Friendly girl taking the order, boss in back asking her questions while she was trying to make my order. I guess he is more concerned about his work then his customers... Coffee was good but I was looking for a drive thru and there was none.
4	So I am an avid coffee drink...Those who knows me knows that I don't do well without my partner in crime: My cup of Joe. :0) Should have started reviews a long time ago, but better late than never huh? Pros:  -I am deadly afraid of the cold so sitting for a long period at a coffee shop usually isn't an option for me without looking like I am moving each time I visit one.  I would have an extension cord to ensure computer accessibility, a blanket to ensure warmth and headphones to ensure productivity.  Saxby's have the usual music on but it isn't loud to the phone of headphone use.  There are plenty of tables/seats (compared to your usually coffee shops) and I found a plugin without a problem.  I am currently sitting here in a tank top and shorts! It isn't cold at all here; rather very comfortable. (This is the best part for me!)The coffee is tasty and my usual three shots of espresso and flavor shot cost less than $2.40 after tax! the flavor shots come in awesome combos like White rabbit (hazelnut and white chocolate) or British Islander (Macadamia nut, white chocolate and toffee nut!) I am totally in love with this place.Umm..what next...Service is friendly and down to earth. Free internet connection. There are conference rooms for rent.  If you wanted to use it, this place charges you $10/hour.  Kind of steep but the flip side is, the whole amount is returned to you in the form of a credit to purchase anything you want. Ultimately, the service is free since you get that money back.  Karaoke here on Wednesdays 6-8pm as well... all inclusive coffee shop! Cons:   A bit out of the way for those who aren't in this area.  Its right off the 95 and unless you attend Nevada state college or live out in this area, its not a place you would ever pass by.  All in all, the only reason why Saxbys didn't get a five star is because the coffee is pretty typical in its flavor.  Not as smooth as Coffee bean.  With that said though, I am sold and will be coming here often.
5	Really great coffee shop with local art, meeting rooms, spacious reading area, free wifi, Kids corner, and friendly staff. They feature an open mic night and even a kids night where you can get a free small cookie monster shake for your little ones with every regular drink purchase. A favorite here in Henderson with tons of regulars... Great for the community!
5	Oh how I love the coffee goddess's that work here but I gotta admit I love the coffee even more. The staff is always so friendly and coffee is always great. We've been coming here for almost 4 yrs so needless to say they're stuck with us.
4	Really nice place!  Huge selection of drinks.  The barista was very nice and there was a nice steady stream of customers.  My 2 complaints, small though they are would be that the carpet needs to be replced as it is really dirty and fraying on the edges and also my iced latte needed more ice as it was not really cold.  Other than that, the flavour was nice.  Will become a regular.
5	Always love Saxby's! The live music on Wednesday was a surprise and enjoyable!
2	Wow. This place really angers me. First of all, they screw up my order every time. Blended Cinnamon Chai Latte. Either they forget the cinnamon or forget to blend it. EVERY TIME. The last time I was in there the owner gave me a dirty look and I have no idea why! I'm always polite especially to people handling my food or drink. Dare I say because I'm of an ethnic minority. Maybe I'm going too far, but I have no clue why that woman gives me the look of death every time I come in. I go in today and ask for a gift card.. They're out. Really? IT'S FRIGGGIN CHRISTMAS. Fine, you're out. Will you restock? Yes, after Christmas. Wow. I really just dislike this place so much and going back today made me realize why I stopped in the first place. I've ordered tea from this place multiple times and they all taste the same. Do they think I'm an idiot? I have these flavors of tea from THEIR shop at  home and some how my tangerine green tea tastes just like the black tea when I have them make it. UGH. Never again.
3	Cute little coffee shop in a strip mall off Horizon Ridge & Horizon, by the Chevron. Wasn't busy when I came in, maybe 3 or 4 people in the shop. Waitress was attentive & friendly.      Tried a white chocolate iced latte. Not too shabby at all, however, I am a CBTL freak, so I was comparing the two places. But since there is no CBTL in the immediate vicinity, then I will be back.     This place also has free wi-fi (with purchase), outside seating and TONS of coffee/tea choices. All in all, a cozy, nice place to unwind and relax with some friends or get some work done.
4	Today was my first visit ever to Saxbys.  I ordered a British Islander Frolatte and it was  good.  It tasted like Kahlua which was interesting.  After about half the drink it was a bit too sweet for me, but if you like that then this drink is for you.  My friend ordered a standard iced caramel macchiato and it reminded me of a soybean drink I used to drink when I was little.  It was not bad, just different from what I'm used to in a caramel coffee.  The cafe area is very cozy.  I can definitely see myself going to Saxbys to do homework.  Prices are equivalent to Starbucks.
3	Great place to study. Music is usually moderate to low volume. Typically doesn't get crowded. 3 starts for the coffee, it gets the job done. Good selection of teas. 2 stars for pastries. Hours are limited, but this tends to be a problem with most coffee shops in this town.
4	Nice little shop to stop and get fueled.  The iced coffee hit the spot.  We were in unknown territory on the way out of Vegas when we spotted this place.  We were happy to find it.
4	If you're a fan of cool coffee shops you'll find that this place has a lot to offer. I guess they are a franchise but they're so small and unknown that they feel more like a small business that offers that personalized touch you won't find at Starbucks. Its nice inside and has a few comfy couches. This is an excellent place to study because it just gives off such a supportive vibe. They've even got some back rooms that can be reserved for various meetings. Note that if I see you talking loudly in the back rooms while I'm trying to study I just might slap you in the face. You can reserve them for ten dollars, which goes onto your saxby card if you have one, and can be immediately spent on coffee and snack items. It's more of a way of ensuring that room denizens buy coffee from the shop instead of just free loading on the space. Wifi is free for paying customers only, and I don't have a problem with that.I've tried their french roast as well as their bold. Both are excellent, full bodied coffees, and at 2 dollars for a medium you can't go wrong.  Ive yet to  try any of their iced drinks but you had best believe that I'll be having some in the very near future. This place has character and is just the right amount of mellow to make you feel comfortable.
2	I have been to Saxby's quite a few times since I moved to this area.  I always walk out wondering why I didn't go someplace else.I have tried quite a few drinks here.  Their chai is fantastic.  Most things are just average - nothing great, but nothing terrible either.  But the customer service... oh, the customer service!!  It's atrocious.  I can think of one time when it was acceptable, and that is being generous.  Other than that, I always feel like I'm an inconvenience.Another thing that reaaaaally bugs me about this place is that their artificial sweetener packets are always filled with lumpy, chunky matter.  I don't know if they are old or got hot or what, but I always have to visit Saxby's armed with my own stash of sweetener.  However, on this most recent unexpected visit, I didn't have any on hand and had to use their packets.  They were crammed in the container and several were actually ripped open from the force of it (ewww).  Furthermore, after a vigorous shaking, I opened my Sweet 'N Low to find that it was one gigantic fakesugarbiscuit.  I don't have this problem anywhere else... just Saxby's.  I wonder if it's because they store them right by the window and they packets are getting too hot.  It sounds like a little thing, but it tends to really ruin some otherwise fantastic drinks when you're sucking chunks down your straw.I don't get this place.  I really don't.  It's cute inside, but that doesn't make me want to order drinks.
2	We ordered a chai blend creme and white chocolate ice blend mocha. The chai tasted like the water left over from a Starbucks iced coffee. It was tasteless. The barista looked completely unprofessional. They were nice, but the ice blended drinks were not very great.
5	Too bad but this shop has closed.  They were really good.  Now we do not have a real coffee shop.
