5	Went to this place, because my usual stylist transferred over there from a different salon.  Malisa, a fellow yelper.  Has been cutting my hair for like 2 yrs, so I wasn't about to lose her! After searching for a decent "fade" she got it right. Always consistent, and makes me feel comfortable with her banter.  She's easy on the eyes too fellas.  Thats always a  plus!As far as the salon goes, I can see that it is geared towards women.  But dont let the decor fool ya fellas.  You can get a fade here just as good as the other joints.  The atmosphere was very friendly, with the staff interacting with the patrons and visa versa.  One lady even complemented my kicks!Price wise, its your standard fare in-between a low cost franchise and a boutique.  My cut was 15 bones.  And was well worth it.  I plan on going here for yrs to come.All in all the place is great, fellas don't be afraid of the decor, fades are tight.  And Ladies, they have an assortment of girly things for you! lmao. Next time yall go just ask for Malisa she's a "5 star chick"Go there or ill punch you in the baby maker.
5	Got a manicure from Rena today; she took her time and was very friendly. This place is small but it's a nice little place. They do hair mostly but also do nails, massages and facials. The pricing for nail services seemed very reasonable and are similar to other nail salons I've been to. I would consider coming back here for my next mani
3	I have lived around this area quite a bit and never knew this salon was here. It's small and cute. I got a manicure from Rena. She was very sweet and explained their salon to me and what her background and experience was. They had a nice nail polish color selection for a small salon. She was quick but thorough. She makes her own hand scrub and uses before your polish application. I even got to pick what kind of hand lotion she used on me. Light pink polish to finish it off. Encouraging me to sit and relax and let my nails dry as long as possible. She does pedicures too, I noticed it was a chair in the corner with a portable foot bath on the floor. I prefer a massage chair when I get a pedi,  I guess I'm spoiled. I would recommend her, I may go back and try a gel manicure with her.
5	I have been searching for a stylist in Vegas for 5 years and I finally found him!  Daniel at aDias Salon is amazing.  The salon is located behind the O'Reilly Auto store on the corner of Durango and Desert Inn, so it's a little hidden from the roadside.  ADias has the cozy feel of my favorite salon back home, and I was instantly comfortable upon arrival.  While in the salon for just an hour I saw a few clients come in with gifts for the stylist and I immediately knew that this was the kind of place that knew the quality of customer satisfaction and really cared about its clients.  I was hoping I found a little of the home town spirit in this big city, and I believe I have . . . I was 10 minutes early for my appointment and Daniel sat me immediately with a smile.  He checked my hair first to see what he was working with.  I have long, thick, curly hair so I know it's difficult to work with and and even an experienced stylist has their job "cut" out for them with me.  He accessed the damage, mainly split ends from the hot irons I frequent, and we were off to the washing chair.  After the long and tedious process of combing my hair out he proceeded to just cut the split ends as requested.  Ladies if you are ever growing your hair out and instruct the stylist to cut as little as possible and lose all the length you gained then you know how great it is to find someone who listens!  Daniel did an amazing job with my trim and I took his time with my uneven layers and breakage.  The blow dry and style made my hair look silky and shiny again.  I was more than pleased with aDias Salon and Daniel and look forward to my next visit.The rate is $50 for wash/cut/style and well worth it.
4	Started going to Daniel a few months ago.  I will only go to him for my haircut and color.  He cleaned up a bad cut I had from my previous stylist and it looks great once again.  The color he put on my hair is exactly the look I was trying to achieve.  He isn't afraid to give you an opinion when asked and he's a blast to chat it up with.
5	I've been in Vegas for the past month and a half working and constantly avoided getting a haircut because I didn't know where to go. I did a quick search and found this place. First of all -- very cool name! Owner says it's composed of her the other owner's name. Good stuff.I had to wait a little bit while I was waiting but they had coffee and were very accommodating. Malisa was the one who cut my hair. She was very sweet and did exactly what I asked her to. She did, however, refuse when I asked her to come back to California with me. Shame :PGreat experience and this is my go-to place next time I'm in Vegas. Awesome.
5	Love quality hair stylist don't get no better. Tiffany is the only one I let touch my hair, I'd refer anyone to her
5	Got a wash, cut, and style from Daniel. For someone with as much knowledge and talent as he has, his prices are extremely reasonable. He knows what he's doing. I am mixed with black and white so it can be hard to find someone who knows how to deal with my type of hair.  I will be seeing him again for my next cut and style! He tells it like it is and lets you know what needs to be done! Love him for that!
4	Went in today and worked with Rena for a manicure- luckily I had the info that this salon was located behind the O'Reily's or I never would have found it.Inside, it's quite nice! Loved the mini chandeliers above each chair, and the waiting space is nice with a white leather couch and coffee. In addition to Rena there was another lady present who seemed to just do hair styling- they were both quite polite, a little older, and tend to have a very loyal clientele, who they informed me are mostly in the realty and property management industry. In addition to a clean and modern interior, and friendly staff, the service was simple but good too- my basic mani is regularly $15, good variety of colors to pick from without being overwhelmed by the amount of polish bottles. I went for a neutral and long-lasting pink with a bit of sparkle to it. Rena makes her own scrubs, and had a selection of 3 different moisturizers to choose from. Service was quick (~40 min), well-priced, and Rena was easy to talk to without being overwhelmingly chatty- good for a Friday afternoon when my brain is fried from a week of work. Definitely going to keep her in mind in the future.There is also a hair stylist who works out of this salon- Daniel? He sounds amazing and I will update my review if I use him to update my color. Bonus star for Rena for not pointing out my awful roots and suggesting I call Daniel, but providing me with info when I brought it up myself- very classy.
5	I had my first visit with Daniel today for a wash, cut & style. I received friendly, efficient service and my haircut was awesome. The staff really makes you feel comfortable without over talking (which can sometimes happen in a salon). Daniel listened to what I wanted, gave a few suggestions which turned out to be for the best and helped me with questions I had regarding coloring for a future appointment. I am very very particular about hairstylists and would not hesitate to recommend him. His prices are very very reasonable and I will be back fore sure!
5	I found Daniel accidentally about a year ago. I had gotten a really bad cut somewhere else and needed someone to fix it.  I walked in with no appointment and was told Daniel would be the one to see but that he had just left on a lunch break.  A quick phone call had him turning around and coming to my rescue.  Daniel was cheerful and friendly and made me feel as if I had rescued him from a boring lunch instead of ruining his lunch break.  He listened to me and what I wanted and proceeded to make me look like a million bucks instead of something the cat dragged in.  Daniel continues to do an amazing job on my hair and I never hesitate to recommend him to my friends.
5	I went to see Daniel after reading several reviews. I went in with a general idea of what I wanted but was not completely sure. I barely even explained what I wanted and he took over and knew exactly how I wanted my hair. I love it! My boyfriend wasn't sure he would like me cutting as much off as I got but when Daniel was finished, my boyfriend loved it and that's a huge compliment coming from him. I will be going back to see Daniel soon!
5	Checked this place out today, wanted to get my hair trimed and have my bangs cut by a professional. Over the past several years I cut my own hair, so going in was a big deal for me! I enjoyed the wash with a scalp massage! It was relaxing. Then I told her what I wanted and after a few more questions, she got to it. I haven't been one to do much in the way of style or primping, but it felt good and she was quick but thorough!This was a nice experience, she was fast, direct, confident and enjoy the 'salon' conversing!  She even told me she offered free triming of the bangs! Might have to take her up on it.
5	I have been a client of Sammy's for years! He has always done a great job on my hair. He is fast and makes sure you look perfect when you are walking out the door. If you want a great color and cut come see him!!
