4	If you're looking for an inexpensive place to get your jeans hemmed, look no further than A.J.'s. I love this place! It's cheap (usually about $12 to alter a hem) and the service is fast. And the people who work there are extremely nice. They've helped me save a handful of expensive jeans that I found in the vintage stores and alter them for my body.
5	This place is great! I purchased a really beautiful handkerchief dress on Ebay, but I got it and it was 5 sizes too large! I brought it by this place solely as a result of it being close to my house! The eastern European (just a guess) who helped me was VERY nice, extremely helpful and overall competent! When I returned to pick up the dress it fit perfectly...I know she had to reconstruct the dress, but it looked like it was made for me! I am not sure what something like that would cost, but she charged me $28 and I was A-OK with it as the results were perfect! I will be brining more stuff into be tailored!
1	RIPPED.ME.OFF.  I went there for a simple repair of a blind stitch to one cuff of a capri-length pant.  I waited a week, went back for my pants, and they looked great on the hanger.  I got home to discover that they had folded the pants on the hanger so the cuff with the original stitches was visible.  I opened the wrapping to find that the 'repair' of the stitching to the damgaged cuff was only two stitches at each seam!  The whole cuff was falling forward because they didn't fix it correctly!  What the FFFFF did I waste time driving to Tempe for?  It wasn't a lot of money, so I'm just never going back and will give you all the benefit of learning from my mistake....P.S. need someone who does decent alterations/repairs in the Laveen area....
4	The alterations at this place are wonderful and reasonably priced. Jeans can be hemmed for only $12. I also had a large rip in a leather jacket reconstructed for only $15! They took in a suit jacket of mine for $30 (involved reconstructing the darts on the back). Anyways, the alternations are wonderful and the service is great!That being said-- I'm not sure if I would recommend their dry cleaning services. I took a dress here and they did NOT get a stain out at all. I took the dress home and decided to give the stain a shot on my own. One spray of Shout and some light rubbing got the stain COMPLETELY out. It was obvious that they had not even tried to get the stain out (I even had them flag it). The clothes came back smelling no so fresh too. The woman that's in charge of the dry cleaning is not always friendly (she's the one the greets you before the seamstress comes out too). One time a someone else's dress was put into my bag-- I took it back to the store after finding it in the dry cleaning bag. The woman greeted me by saying "Oh, that's where that is." No thank you for bringing it back. Nothing.5 stars to the tailor for alterations! 1 star for dry cleaning
2	Let me start by saying that the tailors are incredibly kind and helpful. They were able to alter some of my dresses quite well (doing simple alterations). However, when it came to altering some suits, I was really disappointed. One of the suit jackets, which was originally too large, was know misshapen and disproportionate. One pair of dress pants was extremely unflattering after the alteration, being too tight around the pant seat/hip area.I spent over $100 on alterations and would say that half of them either do not help or have made the garment worse. For simple hems, I would go to AJ Tailors, but for anything else, I would look elsewhere.
5	So because I am unrealistically optimistic and naive when it comes to alterations, I  waited until last weekend to take a bridesmaids dress to get altered for a wedding I'm in in 3 weeks. I thought it would be a simple let it and I'd be good to go, but the first tailor I took it to INSISTED that the only thing that would get this dress to fit is to change the zipper back to a corset back, which in addition to buying the fabric, would have costed be $60, in addition to getting the dress hemmed to cocktail length, which would have run me $105 total. Considering that I bought the dress for slightly more than that, I was about to have a mental breakdown and decided to get a second opinion before deciding. After a quick yelp search I found myself at AJ tailors. It's a small little shop, and when I walked in she was helping a bride-to-be in her gown so I just hung out until she was ready for me. I tried the dress on and told her what the other shop told me, and she said that she wouldn't even recommend doing a corset back, that there was enough in the dress to let it out, and that it was already at cocktail length for my height, which is exactly what I needed to hear. Before I got too excited I asked about how much it would run me to do an "impossible" job, and it was $60. At the end of the day, I just needed the dress to fit so it was a done deal. She took some measurements and asked me to come back in a week. I stopped in today, tried on the dress, and it fit like a glove. I'm not sure what her prices run for smaller projects, but if I have another emergency project like this (which I hope isn't the case), I will definitely return.
5	AJ tailors is my favorite place to take my clothes. I was referred to the place and have gone there for three years. The owner, Anna, is a sweetheart and knows me by name. I've never had a problem with any clothing item after she's done. I would recommend this to place to anyone. Excellent service, timely and friendly.
4	This place is very close to my new house. So I thought I would give it a try. I am always looking for new and good places in the new hood.I came in and asked ,what is the price to hem pants. I wanted to get my uniforms hemmed as they come to us unfinished. Only $12.00 which I thought was very reasonable. I had only taken one pair in because, you know you have to test the waters. Well, I was in no hurry to have them done so a few days later I came in to pick them up. I tried them on and they were perfect. I am very happy. I also asked about the dry cleaning prices for bed covers. Very reasonable also.So when I have a chance I will be back here to get the rest of my uniforms altered. Mon thru Friday is 8-6, and Sat. 8-4. Closed Sunday.
4	Very nice work.  I had two blouses and two pairs of dress pants taken in and hemmed..  They are a bit pricy, so ask for a firm quote when you go.  I'd rather go to them than spend less money for poor work, and believe me, I have done so in the past.  I'm hard to fit in about 12 different ways, so finding them makes shopping less dramatic.  They are professional and put you at ease.
4	I love this place.My girlfriend has been coming here for years and introduced them to me a while back.  I don't need things tailored very often but when I do I come here.  They are very experienced and professional and also reasonably priced.  I have not done dry cleaning through them but my girlfriend has and she has never had any issues.They have done a great job on everything I have brought to them and I will definitely continue to come here in the future.
5	So I have been here twice just to do hemming on my slacks. $12 dollars for the hemming, and both times have come out phenomenal. I think the work is done better than the original hem! Most places out near me are 20+ just for hemming! This is a great place for it! I hope if I ever need any other services here, that they will be just as good! I won't lie, sometimes when I have to talk to the tailors, I have a hard time understanding them. I believe they are from Eastern Europe. Regardless of that, they are EXTREMELY friendly and helpful! They usually have someone that's easier to understand there as well. I definitely recommend this place!
5	As a 6' tall woman, you may understand my need for a go-to tailor. I currently live in Laveen and this has been my go to shop for 8 years. They ALWAYS do a great job, and the one time a seam they sewed fell out within a month, they fixed it for free.  Fantastic mom and pop store, and I will come here until I leave Arizona.  If you need a tailor, I HIGHLY recommend these wonderful ladies. :)
5	I purchased a designer wedding dress at a sample sale. It had several makeup spots and other dirty areas on it. AJ Cleaners completed the cleaning in less than a week and the dress looks brand spankin new. They did an amazing job! I was quoted $95 and they called me after I dropped it off stating it may be closer to $125-150 due to the intricate beading. I wasn't happy they quoted me a much lower price, but it ended up only being $103 and totally worth the price! I highly recommend AJ!
4	Tailored my jumpsuit. Price seemed high. But for taking it in my length and my waist in two places they charged $40. Good job overall
1	I came in to receive an estimate for dress alterations for a military ball. After being a military spouse for 10 years and having many dresses altered for such an occasion, I was not anticipating the quote I received. The cost was well over the actual price of the dress, and far beyond what I've ever paid for similar alterations. But beyond that, I was not impressed with the employees. The woman at the front desk was somewhat helpful at first but after I politely declined having alterations done after being quoted, she became unfriendly quickly. Additionally, the person who I assume does alterations was making incoherent comments at us from the back to voice their displeasure. The front desk woman was kind enough to bag up my dress, but apparently immaturity took over and she thrust my dress out of my hand and above my head as I tried to take it from her. She also made a rude comment as I was leaving about my undergarments (bra) not being appropriate for the dress when trying it on for alterations. For what it's worth, I was wearing the undergarments I intended to wear with the dress, so I can only guess she was taking a cheap shot at my breast size. Take your stuff somewhere, ANYWHERE, other than here.
5	Great friendly service, quality cleaning, reasonable prices.This is my go to dry cleaning place in Arizona. They consistently do a great job. Keep it up!
5	I'm 5'1.... on a good day, with a shoe that has a little lift ;)  So a good tailor is absolutely necessary for almost everything.  I've been coming to AJ Tailors & Cleaners for the last 15+ years.  I've tried a few other places now and then as I've moved all around the Valley hoping to find a place that was comparable but closer to where I lived.  I always find my way back to AJ's.  They are the best - and extremely friendly and kind.  The prices are extremely reasonable as well!!
