4	I went to Allen's to get a pedicure. I had never had one before and I was only going to drive my girlfriend there but she convinced me to get one too. It was actually pretty good and made my feet look much better. (girlfriend was really happy) I would go back again.
4	On my way home from work I will stop in for the occasional mani/pedi. The staff is really friendly. They will chat if you are in the mood but if you want to stare in to a blank abyss while they are rubbing your feet they won't judge you.  Mani/pedi are 3 star worthy, long and relaxing but chip quickly. Eye brow waxing are 5 stars. Pros: never a wait, affordable, clean, friendly, solid colors, private room when you can lay down to get your brows didCons: Nails chip easily (might try the gel mani next time)Overall: Solid nail spot. Will always go back
1	Terrible!!!Most rude staff I have ever encountered.  On a recommendation, my fiance' went there two days prior to our wedding.  They were more concerned with "closing the books" and getting payment than answering questions about services.  NEVER go here... ever.  Not only did she wait patiently for 3 HOURS, but was treated like a nuisance.
5	I've moved away from the area and I now miss this place! I highly recommend it. One of the cleanest nail salons I've been to. Friendliest and most outgoing staff. I've been going for over two years and most of that has been getting gel manicures. They do a great job cleaning the cuticles and shaping the nails. Polish is applied precisely (I've had salons get it on the cuticles or skin before). Only complaints on the gel manicure are that it's the most expensive I've had: $32. But I can usually get close to three weeks of wear out of that. Also, the polishes themselves can be hit or miss. I have a favorite color and they were out for awhile one time and another someone actually poured another color in the bottle. I've had the pedicures a few times as well. Also, usually great but just a few more dollars than most places charge.
5	My friend recommended this place to me so I tried it out yesterday with a friend for a pedicure, and I loved it!  As soon as you walk in you can see that the place it well kept and clean - BIG plus!  It's very classy but still comfortable, and from what I experienced, the people working there are really nice.  The prices are reasonable and I left totally satisfied.  The pedicure was great and I genuinely enjoyed myself.. what more can you ask for?  I highly recommend this place, and I'll definitely be going back for more services!
5	I finally found a great nail place!!! Great atmosphere and super friendly people. The salon is clean and open. They have soooo many gel polish colors.  Easily over 100!  Definitely will be coming back!!
5	I wanted to take my team for a fun little pampering off-site, Allen's Spa had some great Yelp reviews, so without having been, we decided to try it out. It's a spacious and clean place. The nail technicians were friendly and thorough. It is a little pricey (used to CA and NY prices) but it's worth it. I'll definitely go back to treat myself again.
2	The only reason that I'm not giving this place 1 star is because they did a good paint job. The technician was rough and did not listen to a thing I said. I will never go back.
5	Awesome!!! I moved from Miami like 2 month ago and tried different places in Pittsburgh and was disappointed. Now I found my spot! Fast, clean, beautiful and not expensive. I love it. Lucy did a great job, you can see on the picture I posted. I'm gonna come back again and again for sure. Don't waste your time and money, come here and ask for Lucy. Great job! I love it love it love it!!! You made my day!!!! Thanx a lot!!!!
