2	This place has a ton of potential.  The ambiance is great, the location is stunning.  The food....oh geez...is not quite a disaster, but does not offer quite a cohesive dining experience.  The place is trying awfully hard to recapture some of the elegance of dining out in the 40's or 50's.  The menu is a 5 course prix fixe starting with your choice of seasonal fruits or a seafood bisque.  (My first thought was seasonal fruits....in November....in Pittsburgh...oh come on!)  So I ordered the seafood bisque.  Then you get to pick out one of the 15 different surf and turf combos as the server rattles off descriptions of each and every one of them.  I chose the Black Forest Filet (with cherries and a bearnaise sauce) while my family picked the seafood platter.  All entrees come with the clam dip and artichoke "boat" which is essentially a deconstructed attempt at an antipasto salad.  There was a mayonnaisey type of clam dip and a ton of pickled veggies (eggplant, pepperocinis..etc)  This is supposed to be their signature thing, but my opinion is that if something is supposed to be "signature" then the least you can do is make everything in-house.  Everything was much too briny and had a dried out canned flavor.The seafood bisque had a decent flavor, but was way too salty.  And the seasonal fruits were (as expected) melon balls and a few 1/3 white strawberries.The entrees were meh...My filet was butterflied to have the tasteless cherries stuffed into it.  The bearnaise sauce was ok.  But I do wonder what it would have tasted like if the cherries hadn't been completely flavorless.  The seafood plate was underwhelming, the scallops had some weird slimy breading on it, the crab was nicely flavored and generous in portion, but was mixed with entirely too much mayonnaise.  The fish was solidly good, but that wasn't enough to make up for everything else.The desserts were generally less than mediocre, too sweet and overly gussied up.
1	I went to Tin Angel for a fancy "end of semester" night out with a date. I had been anticipating dinner at Tin Angel for WEEKS and was really excited about it...and I think the only time I've felt more let down was when I didn't get the Donatello with Pizza Throwing Action for Christmas when I was eight. The service was OK- very attentive, but none of the three (yes three) servers we had knew anything about the wine list, which seems like a requisite for a fancy restaurant. Onto the food: second the comments about the veggie boat from the above commenter. I was excited by the presentation, though. I had the lasagna, which tasted like it had come out of a box someplace- not flavorful or tasty at all. My date had the land and sea- not bad but not fabulous either. His cheesecake was delicious but I could barely take two bites of my ice cream and brandy thing because it was too strong. The definite kicker was that both my date and I experienced stomach distress a few hours after dinner. Yikes!Since my mother always said say something nice: the cocktail I had was well mixed and strong, service was attentive, and the waitress gave a very polite and patient explanation of what to do with the finger bowl after dinner. The view is, of course, excellent. Maybe it's a good place to take a business group if you want to "wow" them, but I would think you'd be better off going with one of the places on Grandview Ave that has good food and a view.
5	AS GOOD AS IT GETS!VIEW:  Overlooking the three rivers.  Beautiful sunset.  Take anyone and they will be impressed.FOOD:  PHENOMENAL!  Appetizers, deserts, and, lets not forget the main course.  Everything is top of the line.  I highly recommend the dark-cherry stuffed filet mignon.  Especially if you like RARE steak.  Full of flavor, a supremely cooked cut of steak.  Great seafood too (at least what my wife tells me).  DRESS:  Whatever you like on a weekday.  You're paying for it make it your own experience. Go in a robe on a Wednesday if that's your thing.  I would recommend dressing up on a holiday or weekend as that is what everyone is will be wearing. DRINKS:  The usual.  If you like classy scotch or wine.  If you want a micro-brew, go to Fatheads.  If you want a great wine with your steak, come here.  PRICE:  Very.  Expect ~$100 per meal (including drinks)I honestly can't say enough about this place.  I held my graduation party here in 2006 and I keep going back every time I find myself in Pittsburgh.  Family who have traveled worldwide and who have eaten in Paris' top restaurants enjoyed the view and the food.  The Bottom Line:  If I could eat here every night, I would.
2	Steak over cooked when it arrived, the food was good and the view was great. But the wait staff need to be a bit happier
3	First off, the ambiance is absolutely wonderful. A quiet and subdued atmosphere met us as our hostess took us down the stairs. The presentation of the food was excellent and the taste of it was absolutely phenomenal. I had the Black Forest filet while my fiancee had the Veal Romano. All five courses were delicious.Bad aspects? Very pricey. It's one of those places where if you have to ask how much the meal is, you probably can't afford it. Compounding it, the menu they present to you has no prices listed, making you think that it's all the same price. The meals range from $30 to $60 before adding in the cost of drinks. Secondly, the subdued atmosphere only lasted until we had a larger party come in. Then, we learned that there was no sound damping at all, as we tried to eat our meal hearing every detail of the recent surgery of one of the members of the party. They were on the opposite side of the room.Still, it is a lovely place and I think that it would do nicely for a special occasion. Just be prepared to take a hit to your pocketbook and try to do it on a night when it won't be too busy.
3	Not nearly as bad as the reviews I read made it sound. I was sort of dreading this meal, and was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't awful. For what it was, the food was good. I found it rather uninspired, though -- and that's the worst I can say about the food. The wedding soup was good -- not too salty, and not under flavored -- and I loved the vegetable boat. I'm a brined vegetable sort of girl, so this was right up my alley, and similar to what I make some nights when I want food but don't want to cook. Chicken a la Angel was good -- not awful, not awesome, but solidly good. Could have used a little more crab, though. Dessert was excellent -- loved the baklava, and loved the pineapple. Drinks were very strong. It's rare that I can nurse a gin and tonic for a meal, and this drink definitely forced that.I think what you pay for here is definitely the view. The servers were brusque -- not nice, but not rude. Just not... well, not my style. (My parents thought they were nice, though, so it could be a generational thing.) I feel that if I'm paying that much money for a meal, that I should be catered to and fawned over, and I didn't get that feeling at Tin Angel. View was amazing, though.
4	The view and atmosphere were incredible. Main course was perfect but the predetermined starters were not the best.
4	I purchased a WPXI deal to the Tin Angel despite the bad reviews. Our party of four decided to go to TA on the 4th of July to be able to watch the fireworks. This was an awesome idea. We were able to watch the fireworks from our comfortable window table without all of the craziness that is Mount Washington on the fourth of July. The view was spectacular! The restaurant is small and intimate. This allowed for a quiet and cozy atmosphere rather than the larger Mt. Wash restaurants. Now on to the food.The menu, which is largly verbal, consists of various steak and seafood entrees. The rest of the five courses are predetermined with the exception of the first course where you choose the soup du jour or seasonal fruit. The menu also does not have prices so be aware that the entrees rang from 50-70$. I started with the wedding soup. It was a traditional wedding soup with a small piece of garlic bread. The next course consists of a large vegetable boat with clam dip for the table to share. Raw vegetables, olives, stuffed grape leaves and marinated artichokes. I was not impressed. It seemed like something you would serve at a nice family cookout. For my entree, I chose the filet with sauteed mushrooms. The filet was cooked to perfection and melt in your mouth tender. One of the best filet's I have ever had. Dinner entrees were served with garlic toast and rice pilaf with pine nuts. The garlic toast was super yummy. I even grabbed a piece of hubs while we watched the fireworks. Dinner service was put on hold during the fireworks. So we waited and waited for our empty entree dishes to be cleared. My dining companions didn't seem to mind but I was in a bit of a rush to leave because of our babysitter. We had been at TA for 2 hours by that point and we still had to order dessert! Dinner service is rather slo in general even without the fireworks. They seem to want you to sit back, relax and enjoy the view. When the waitress finally came around for dessert orders, I ordered the TA parfait with vanilla ice cream and a berry liqueur. Yet again, very average. Though, one of my dinning companions got the home made cheesecake and loved it. The last course was a piece of pineapple dipped in creme de menthe. I passed on this as I couldn't fit another bite. The biggest issue of the night came when we were presented with the check. Because the courses are predetermined, the check consisted of 4 entrees and 1 glass of wine. We asked the waitress to split the check by couple and we explained what each person received. After a good five minutes she came back with two checks that were completely wrong. There were entrees on there that we didn't even order. We tried to explain it but my dinning companion had to go over with the waitress and tell her what each of us ordered. After another ten minutes we finally got the correct checks. We then each gave our WPXI coupons and a credit card for the remaining balance. That was the next issue. Th hostess/manager? could not read the numbers on the coupon to call to redeem. Ok. That one was our fault. We need a new printer. We looked one of them up online and she was able to call but for some odd reason the same number did not work for the other coupon. Even though we got them from the same place, there were two different numbers to call. By this time we were waiting for a half an hour to pay and leave. With all of this confusion, the hostess/manager apologized, gave each couple 50$ in gift cards and ended up giving us our WPXI coupon back but still took it off the bill. Although I was rather annoyed and very late for picking up my child at the time, TA was more than gracious. We now have 100$ to spend for next time. Overall, TA is pricey but is worth it if you are looking for a good meal in a quiet, intimate location with a spectacular view. Just plan to be there for over 2 hours.
5	The Tin Angel is one of the best on Mt. Washington. It's a nice atmosphere and the staff is great! The food has never been bad in the many years I've been dining there. People are caught up in a name when it comes to Mt. Washington and it's neighbor to the right is just that, a name.
1	Went for dinner to Tin Angel with my wife for our anniversary as this was the restaurant where we had our first date years ago. The view was just as fantastic as that first visit but the food was nowhere close. For the prices charges I would expect some effort to be put into the food preparation and appropriate starters. Instead we received a choice of fruit or chicken noodle soup. That was the sign if things to come as chicken noodle soup, while great at a diner or when sick, doesn't really match a $50+ steak dinner. I would think wild mushroom, a bisque of some type or French onion would be much more appropriate. And would a choice be too much to expect? To top it off the chicken noodle soup looked like dishwater with some very small cubes of chicken (most likely out of a can), celery and noddles. Progresso would have been better than what was served. The main courses we chose were the filet with mushrooms and the ocean platter. The filet was ordered "medium" and was served with a blackened top and cold, red center so not medium and not really medium rare or rare, just poorly cooked. Meat quality itself was just OK, more in line with a filet from a grocery chain and not anywhere close to what could be called high quality. The ocean platter consisted of a approximately 4-5oz lobster tail, 4 shrimp, 4 scallops?, and approximately 1-2oz of crab meat. The lobster tail was cooked correctly, being the single item prepared as expected. The 4 "shrimp scampi" were presented with tails on and undercooked with no discernible seasoning and again, appeared to be typical of a grocery chain 36-40 count shrimp quality and size. The crab meat was cooked under a broiler and was ok but once again, typical of a canned crab meat in quality. I've saved the "scallops" for last as they were the greatest disappointment. Let me start by saying that a properly prepared scallop, one that is browned on top and just cooked thru with a slightly sweet flavor and melt in your mouth can be fantastic. The scallops at the tin angel were just the opposite - these round little soggy disks of what might have been scallops were covered in what can only be described as bread crumb mush. There was zero texture to the bread crump mixture and it appeared that they were either woefully undercooked or soaked in butter giving them a disgusting bread crumb "coating" that was neither appealing to look at or eat. The scallop themselves were cold in the middle and had very little flavor. I can say with certainty that Gordon Ramsey would declare them as "shit" if he was served these scallops - lol. The deserts were just ok - dry chocolate cake and decent baklava. Overall I have given the 1 star rating for the staff and view as they were both excellent. The cook, and believe me, there is obviously no "chef" present at this restaurant, is either woefully unskilled or lazy and the food as we experienced was not even on par with a chain such as Applebee's or Texas Road House. Unfortunately the tin angel would be served better with a name change to fallen angel.
3	Basically a "meh" meal that you are paying a ton of money for the view (which you won't actually know the price of the meal until the bill arrives, no prices on menu). Microwaved baked potatoes and just "ok" steaks. Too pretentious and with numerous new restaurant choices in Pittsburgh i would say skip.
4	My boyfriend took me here for Valentine's day this year. Last year we ate in Mt. Washington and were blown away by the view, and he really wanted to try a new place there this year. Tin Angel was one that looked like they had at least a vegetarian option.The pre-fix menu we got didn't have a vegetarian option listed: everything was a meat-centric entree, with a soup or fruit, a side salad, and a dessert. I asked and our waitress told us a vegetarian lasagna was available. I asked if there was any possibility for a dairy-free option, and she went to ask the chef. She came back with an offer to prepare the veggie-boat from the usual menu, and I was grateful for their kindness.The fruit, salad, and veggies from the boat were very tasty and beautifully presented. Be warned, if you don't eat meat and/or dairy, your options are very limited and you'll end up spending a lot for a little, minimally prepared food. You'll be giving dessert over to your date, if you are vegan.
2	Went there with a group, the wedding soup was ok... Nothing special. The chicken aka angel was bad, sauce is a thick, white, and tasteless on a similarly tasteless chicken. Some of our group got steak, however I did not see anyone finishing off their entree which sort of tells me their dish wash bad. I would have given one star but I did love the angel parfait so ill add another star for the dessert.  The view is great, but I would have just gone to the observatory and buy food somewhere else. Definitely not worth the price.
2	I remember the Tin Angel of the 80s and 90s. There was a chef presence there at that time. Needless to say, its gone down hill ( no pun intended as it sits on Mt. Washington). We went on a Saturday evening. Hardly anyone there but us and another party. The vast majority of tables empty. That should tell you something when the place used to be exceptionally busy.  First, unfriendly wait staff  should be replaced with eager enthusiastic servers. The wedding soup was the best tasting item on the menu.The vegetable boat is something that is reminescent of an antipasta tray. It could use some sprucing up. The clam dip was ho hum and terribly runny. We wanted veal but they were "out" of it. Really? This is a city and you are a pricey restaurant with diners expecting a certain level of service on a saturday  evening. How can you not have access to veal. We were there at 6 pm and I saw no dinner rush so that would not explain it. So, we ordered Chicken and to say the least it was dissappointing. Desserts are glorified Costco cakes ( the chocolate one was a wad of Ganache). Truly this place is overpriced and obviously not on the radar of the foodie scene in Pittsburgh. My guess is that they have a fewLine cooks back in the kitchen. Its sad because the intimate atmosphere could really be improved upon and the restaurant be very exclusive with a top notch chef. Its obvious the place will close its doors in the next few years without a major makeover from top to bottom.I hope they get their act together and improve the quality of their food. Until then, I will not be back.
1	Stopped here for a byte to eat with about 8 people.  They would not let us in because our children are under 6.   Honestly, I have never heard of such a policy.   I believe they have the right to refuse service to people, heck Ill take my $100 to someone that wants it, but this seemed kind of silly and mostly rude.I could see not allowing children under 21, maybe 18... but what is so magical about six and under?
1	25 years ago, this may have been a great restaurant.  I don't think the menu has changed since then. That may have also been when they prepared the "fresh" vegetable boat. While the view was great, it is one that can be found in any of the upscale restaurants on mt Washington.  Unfortunately, they couldn't seat us for the 7:00 reservations that we requested.  Oddly, we were the only ones there at 7:30.  Not a good sign on a Friday night...
4	Our entire family went here to celebrate my Sister-In-Law's PhD graduation this past May. The views are amazing, even proposal-worthy. We parked at the base of the hill and took the train cab up. This thing was a little scary going up, but coming down was a blast. Im assuming the bottles of wine we all split had helped. I ordered the lobster tails and they were cooked to perfection. The free appetizer assortment of veggies and fruit looked a little in need of refrigeration... The Italian wedding soup was delicious. I agree that the place is a little dated and in need of a facelift, but all in all it was a nice experience. A previous commenter stated he was denied a reservation because he had children under 6. I had my 1-year-old daughter with us. I also noticed other children dining. But, this was in May. Maybe their policies have changed. I will note the bathrooms are on the second floor, so if you have a disability, this may pose an issue.This is generally a nice little historical fine dining gem to experience while visiting Pittsburgh.
5	I had been here 20 years ago and had a wonderful experience.  I decided to hold my parent's 50th wedding anniversary here after speaking with them and explaining what I wanted to do.  I am out of state and the staff was so very helpful and kind.  They offered really good advice during the planning and were so helpful to make sure the event went perfectly.  The food was terrific and the view spectacular!  My only complaint would be that there was too much liquor in the Tin Angel Parfait.  The staff was attentive but not intrusive.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant for dinner or small parties.
