5	Not only have I had great experiences with this dental office, but I've referred 3 friends here and they said they great things as well.  The Dentist & his staff are  knowledgeable, friendly and professional.
5	I took my 6 children to Dr. Luoung, and he and his staff were SUPER patient and thorough.  The clinic was nice and clean.  One of my daughters had to get fillings done (first time) and Dr. Luoung and his staff ensured that she had a good experience!  We decided to only do one filling that day to see how she would do.  When we came back to fill the rest, we had an equally great experience! I will definitely come back!
1	Dr. Luoung  placed a crown on me which became infected and incredibly painful. He then did a root canal and  drilled through the new crown he had just put on, and then said that he would replace the crown since he basically destroyed it. I went back a little later for a cleaning and he did not mention replacing the crown he drilled through. Then the crown collapsed. I went to him and said that the crown collapsed. He said that I needed to make an appointment before this happened !!! He refused to replace the now destroyed crown, because it now needed an implant. I should have sued him for this but for some reason I felt it wasn't worth the time and cost, and just decided to go somewhere else and have it taken care of, at great expense anyway. It had to be extracted ,($400.00) and an implant put in. ($2400.00) He didn't live up to his word and refused to fix his shoddy work that caused the infection in the first place!!!  I wouldn't go to this guy if it was free. Horrible dentist who is only concerned about saving a buck, even if he is responsible for the screw up  !!! Look elsewhere.
5	We have been patients of Dr Luong since he opened his practice more than 10 years ago. I am a reluctant dental patient but Dr Luong and his staff have always been very gentle, kind and understanding.  I feel very good about Dr Luong looking after my dental health.  Just as importantly, Dr Luong is a kind and caring person.  We couldn't be happier.
5	Had a great experience with the staff and Dr Luoung they squeezed me in on there busy schedule was in pain. The staff was friendly and good patient care very professional. Been to other dental office but west valley dental is the best dental office ever. Thank you west valley dental.
