5	Third day it was open - got a Great cup of coffee at 5pm. Enjoy it Madison.
1	Why do I do this?!  Why do I go to chain restaurants?  I will tell you.  They are fast, easy and they have a drive-thru.  I need to learn my lesson.  I went to DD this morning.  The drive-thru person was a nightmare.  He thought he was being funny but instead he messed up our order to the point where we had to start over.  We ordered a breakfast wrap, a latte and two donuts.  That is it.  And the donuts were the SAME.They gave us the wrong wrap, but as we were on the way to work, we just took it.  So happy me got bacon instead of ham.  Not a big deal, but not what I ordered.  Then my latte tastes terrible.  Definitely no hint of caramel and mocha, not to mention the coffee was burnt.  I love DD coffee and I know what it tastes like.  It was disgusting.  I am so unsatisfied with the my whole experience.  The window person did not remedy the situation.  They were giggling and taking part in a conversation inside of the store.  Enjoy your job.  Great.  Ruin my breakfast?  Not ok.  I will never go there again no matter how "convenient" it is.  I wanted to call and complain, but they do not answer their phone.  They have an answering machine that picks up after like ten rings.  Thank you for the customer service.DD you are dead to me.
1	I Love Dunkin' Donuts, and this breaks my heart just a little to have to do this....1 star for this location!Nothing like pulling up to a drive thru window and listening to a guy sound like a robot on purpose coming out of the speaker. Here is a tip----It is 7 am, all I want is coffee and a donut! I don't want a comedian that does not understand how to take an order.To say the least, they got half my order correct, 2 donuts in a bag. The other half including a breakfast sandwich and latte... completely wrong. For a new location that just opened up on a very busy Park Street, You're off to a very bad start.A sad day for this donut lover!
1	The manager of this location should really check on the reviews given on yelp, I went today and also experienced awful service in the drive-thru.  I ordered a 1/2 dozen donuts, breakfast sandwich and a couple beverages.  She asked me to pull around to the window for the total.  I got up there and a different guy read back my order, but forgot the last beverage I ordered.  When I told him the beverage he forgot - the one advertised in their commercials and has a huge display on their menu - he acted like he had no clue what I was talking about.  When he finally figured it out, he ran my card and gave me the receipt.  A couple items were entered incorrectly on the receipt, so I pointed that out to make sure they're actually giving us the correct items.  They had some strange explanation, that they substituted a small hot chocolate and a single donut for a small dunkacinno.  How confusing is that for the customer??  Also - they should realize there is a window cling stating if your receipt has incorrect prices, your entire order is free.  I didn't feel like fighting with them over this, so I just took the dollar they offered back for charging me for a single donut.  After all the confusion, I drive off.  30 seconds later I realize they didn't give me the breakfast sandwich...ARGHH!   I was hungry, so I turned around to get it.  They made the sandwich and offered me a couple free donuts too.  That was nice, but seriously they need to get their act together in the drive thru, it shouldn't be this difficult.  Being a chain restaurant, you expect the experience to be fairly consistent at all locations.  This has to be the worst DD experience I've had, the Waunakee and Wis Dells locations have always been great!
1	Update!I was randomly sent a $10 try me again gift card.....oh boy!Story time:So I went in to use my free 10 bucks...right....so I stood in line for 5 minutes waiting to even get my order taken, they were completely short staffed (3pm in the afternoon). It seemed like the people ahead of ordered drinks and sandwiches and the only person that knew how to make them obviously was the only person who knew how to properly run the register because it took foreverrrrrrrrrr.So I finally got to the register ordered a croissant chicken sandwich and a few donuts to fill out my $10. No Boston Creme! What the hell. I understand it was 3pm in the afternoon but I really wanted a Boston Creme Donut! So I settled on a few others. My croissant chicken sandwich took a couple minutes to make and was OK at best.I think by giving me a free $10 was a big mistake on their part. I was really, really excited to go back and try this DD out again,  but what a let down!I just can't win with this place. I want to win....but I just can't. 1 Star--- You shall remain!
1	I wish I could take away your star.  I did it.  I gave you another change.  And like a teenage, Lifetime relationship you let me down again.  I ordered a coffee with caramel syrup.  They forgot to put it in.  I made sure to try it before I left the drive thru.  Before I could say anything, the person walked away from the window.  I knocked on the window, nothing.  I had to pull out, turn around and go in.  Rather than apologize, they acted as if I did something wrong.  Have any of you been to this location?  You know how hard it is to get in and out of anything on Park street.  This is how mad I was!  One iced coffee!  ONE!  And they got it wrong.  So, of course, I let the management know.  I also let them know that their onsite manager was sitting on the counter doing nothing while the persons at the counter were extremely flustered and busy.  So what does DD do?  They offer me a free breakfast sandwich and a free coffee.  My response?  I do not want anything free.  I want what I pay for and what I deserve to get.  I am coffee addicted.  I am a law student.  I spend an insane amount on coffee.  You are losing a valuable customer!  You have terrible reviews.  I do not mean to sound like a psychotic coffee addict, but how does a business have such terrible service?  How?  This has been going on too long and too many people have been affected.  I mean, come on.  Seriously DD.  Quit being a life ruiner.
1	This location should be coffee only. Honestly the food tastes worse the elementary school lunch. U work in the food business and if I were the manager at thia locale id be whipping these people into shape the service takea forever and the food is always chewy. Gross. This place just dropped the ball in every category I imagine it will be closed soon....
2	Just avoid this place if you can!:) other place offers better.
3	Nothing too special their breakfast egg white sandwich was decent and quick. I really enjoy DD's coffee they just have so few locations around here. They were playing some weird music felt like I time traveled back to mid 90's pop culture. The workers were really nice though so I think 3 stars is fair.
5	Amanda was really sweet, patient, and helpful. She entertained my son while we were deciding and didn't rush us. The food was good, coffee was awesome. We don't frequent the Madison area but next time we are here we will be sure to stop by.
