1	You sign up for text message alerts for specials at this location.  But I've never received a coupon text but apparently have missed quite a few.  I didn't get the memo that if you're a Verizon customer you won't be alerted.  They won't be getting anymore of my money.  I wish Yogurtland would open more locations.
4	They have tons of flavors and the fruit toppings are usually fresh and tasty.  I love the Pomegranate Blueberry and Tart Mango flavors.  Golden Spoon's yogurt is the best I've had, light and flavorful.  Doesn't make you feel like a fat pig after you eat it. I get a text coupon for buy-1-get-1 every Wednesday, and the line is usually out the door.  My only complaint is that sometimes the flavors run out before closing time, and sometimes the teenagers who work there aren't completely professional.  They are usually pretty nice, though.
3	Do you love yogurt but want to be bad when you eat it?  Stop by Golden Spoon.  They have lowfat, sugar free, and low sugar yogurt with a plethera of toppings to add on.  I stopped at Chipotle and wanted something sweet afterward so we hopped over to this place and got in line.  The line was pretty long, going out the door, but they serve quick so it wasn't a long wait.  I learned from another customer to do a combo on the size I chose.  I did chocolate malt and vanilla, adding hot marshmallow cream and fudge on it.I like the yogurt.  It's typical yogurt, but what sets this place apart are the toppings available.  Mochi pieces, marshmallow cream, and ginger crystals are a few new ones for me, and they were actually really good.Nice little stop for yogurt, for sure.
1	Wow... After having froyos at many other locations around town, I would probably have to say that this is the worst yogurt I have ever had! I don't mean to sound so harsh, but geeze... Eating this froyo was not a pleasant experience. I felt as if I had to finish it just because I spent $5 on it.I got strawberry frozen yogurt with mochi and strawberry topping. I thought that the frozen yogurt had no flavor. It was like diet ice cream, but worse. Other frozen yogurt locations have frozen yogurt that actually tastes like ice cream (without the calories). The toppings were the best part.I will not be going back here and have already thrown away my stamp card. Golden Spoon disgraces frozen yogurt!
4	I ventured here after a weight watchers meeting in the same strip mall. It's nice that a small version of their frozen yogurt is only 2 weight watcher points! I signed up for the texts and I get 1 to 2 texts a week offering 2 for 1 up to a large size. (I also have Verizon, so not sure why the previous reviewer can't get the text alerts.) My kids love it because of the variety of toppings, as do I. The blueberry yogurt with mochi topping is YUM!I will say that they are a bit more expensive than other frogo places in town, but with the bogo texts it helps.
4	Every time I go to this particular Golden Spoon, the employees are always very friendly and dont try to rush my decision. I usually spend between $5 and $8 each time I visit. I like that they have a frequent buyers card, after you buy 8 (i think it is) you get the 9th free! Im already on my third card! You can almost always find coupons in the paper or entertainment books for buy one get one free. I also like that they change up their flavors, it is a bummer when a really good flavor (boysenberry) goes out for the next months flavor to come in. But it is good to have variety! They usually have the sugar goodies to add to your frozen yogurt but they also always have fresh fruit, which is usually my pick. I was a loyal Golden Spooner, until U-Swirl came along, I haven't been back to Golden Spoon since.
4	After getting some business done at the Fedex-Kinko's next door, I headed to Golden Spoon to grab some Froyo.It was a totally spontaneous decision and when I make those types of decisions it's usually not in my best interests....so I was having second thoughts about indulging in some Foyo Awesomeness.....then I saw the huge Nutritional Info board explaining the calories and other key facts of the Froyo.....88 Calories per serving huh?  hmm....I asked the girl how many servings was in a Small.....she said about 1.....so, I said how about the Regular?  She said about 2.5.....I did the Math quickly and decided that 216 or so Calories isn't going to kill me......so I ordered a Cookies & Cream w/Raspberry Cheesecake no toppings.After the first bite I was very pleased with myself for justifying this to myself....ha!  I enjoyed every last bite!Will I return?  Ummm....of course!
5	Great flavors that they switch up from time to time and A LOT of toppings, so many it is almost overwhelming to choose from when you have a line behind you pressuring you to hurry up. Often times I will go and pick up yogurt for both my husband and myself and they will put hot toppings on the side so that it doesn't melt the yogurt by the time I get home. Looks clean, employees are nice. Overall a great choice when we are craving something sweet!
3	On my way back from hiking to the Raintree up at Mt Charleston, I wanted some refreshment from the 111-degree heat. Golden Spoon just happened to be the first place I spotted. I like Golden Spoon. There's nothing wrong with Golden Spoon. It's just that Golden Spoon isn't the first place I think of when considering my froyo options.However... location, location, location. This is in a land far, far away from my house. But it's good to know that I can get my froyo fix after a nice hike up in the Spring Mountains. They have pretty good flavors and toppings. I especially like their tart offerings. In addition, the person that served me was very friendly. A-OK in my book.
3	Have been here three times and had chocolate, vanilla, and coconut.  Each time the flavor tasted fake after halfway through the regular portion,  Don't know exactly why.  Service is good.  Lots of choices.
5	I  love this place.  The yogurt is great and the price with toppings is very reasonable.    Their stamp card deal keeps me coming in.
5	This is my favorite yogurt place. The staff are always in a great mood, and the changing selection of yogurt are always on top. The building is all nice and neat and with good prices this is the place for frozen yogurt.
3	Not a huge fan.  The first two spoonfulls of the pumpkin pie tasted good but after that it was just weird.  I have to say that I prefer Yogurtland - better flavor, more options, and it costs less.
5	Love this place. Lots of different choices to choose from. Hot & cold toppings. The staff are always helpful & willing to give samples for you to try. Best yogurt around.
2	Came here because I had received a gift card. Glad I had it because I wouldn't have spent my own money on it. It was like a broke ass Yogurtland. Most of there flavors taste like cough medicine. I would never come here again. Oh and the people who work here are far from friendly..Bad costumer service.
3	I went to The Golden Spoon tonight and here are my thoughts.  The quality of the frozen yogurt was really good and they do have a decent amount of flavors.  I had the Cupcake flavored nonfat and it was okay, but not great.  Next time I go, I'll get a more traditional flavor.  I will say, there isn't enough seating there, and in the depths of the summer, sitting outside is out of the question.
3	I like the consistency of it but flavors sometimes leave something to be desired. I got pumpkin and cake batter this time and it was hard to tell the pumpkin was pumpkin. It actually was not that far from the cake batter in flavor and you shouldn't be hard pressed to tell them apart. My favorite flavor (not that I've had a lot of them) is toffee. They're always friendly and nice here. Not much to say, but that it'll do. I prefer the DIY yogurt bars.
4	Golden Spoon is awesome; their menu changes all the time so you don't have the same run of the mill flavors every time you go. They have the usual toppings you see in frozen yogurt stores, and they have a punch card as well (every ten you buy you get one free). The prices are pretty decent- I just bought a quart for 4.99 on special this week. Sometimes the line can get very long, and you have to wait outside (the store front is very small, they only have two tables inside that sit two people comfortably).  My favorite flavors are Mounds Bar, and Cake Batter here. Their seasonal Pumpkin Pie is good.
5	I love this place!! They will text you when they have buy one get one free specials! In the last week, I received two separate messages letting me know they were having a buy one get one free cup (up to a large size) of yogurt.  Today I tried the coconut flavor with butter cream pecan sauce, it was to die for!!! Sooooo good an affordable, plus I got my Golden Spoon stamp card stamped as well!! So my next purchase will be free! Can't beat that deal!!
3	Two Punch Tuesdays....meaning you will get 2 punches on your card and when you get all 8 you get a freebee.  Golden Spoon is close to home and with that said is one of the reasons I come here.  I'm actually surprised that this place hasn't changed its format being that the trend for frozen yogurt shops is the "weigh by ounce" but they hold true to their way of doing things.  I hope that doing so will eventually pay off but to be honest I would prefer the other places. =(  Just sayin.  I like to pile high whatever topping I want-its fun-your in control of your own added calories. haha  Anyways GS charges you a flat price with toppings being 50 cents each.  Its cheap still. Its close and we will definitely be back.  I actually had someone rave about their new flavor Salted Caramel.  It was delish.  Anyways, place is clean, staff is always nice....just enough to keep you coming back for more.
1	I wanted to like it, I really did.It was hot and we wanted a snack. Snacks usually make everything better. But not in the mysterious case of Golden Spoon. The first thing that made snack time less wonderful was the fact that the teenagers who worked there acted very impatient. I know that 17 year olds have a lot of really important shizz to do, but if I am going to spend so much on ice cream I'd like to think about it for a minute. They were pretty rushy about forcing us to order right away, so I ended up getting vanilla in a panic. I can't be a flavor adventurer if you are going to rush my decisions!I am not a big ice cream person, or froyo extraordinare, or whatever you would call yourself if you are a yogurt foodie. But I did not expect to be charged .95 cents per topping. What if I had wanted two toppings? Or seven? That could get even more costly very quickly. In fact, if that girl hadn't been rolling her eyes at me, I may have gotten seven toppings and ended up with a TEN DOLLAR FROYO! I like the idea of the topping bar better. We probably should have tried Yogurtland, but I was under the impression that these places were all the same. I guess I'm just a yogurt racist.The vanilla I had was okay. The cake topping was a little weird and dry. My boyfriend had the peanut butter cup... the first bite was okay and the second bite had a weird after taste. I wasn't a fan at all. It really was like reeses flavored rice cake. Since we paid so much for it my boyfriend brought it home and put it in the freezer so he could pretend like he was going to finish it. Silver lining: I bet it hasn't lost any of its creepy flavoring in the freezer!The yogurt wasn't very good, it was overpriced, the service left a lot to be desired and the atmosphere was average. Add that to the horrific parking situation outside and I just don't see any reason we will ever return to the Golden Spoon unless it is passing by on the way to Chipotle. It was so disappointing that it makes me want to stop trying new things.
4	This was really good fro-yo. Visiting Vegas to see family and they put this on the must list.  The yogurts I tasted were all delicious. Great selection of flavours, not too sweet, and holy cow topping. My nice got her toppings on the side with no issues. hahaMilitary discount was nice.
5	Golden Spoon is real frozen yogurt to me. I love that it's not self-serve so that weirdo kids can't touch your ice cream!The taste is light and good; you can tell that it's healthier than most froyo places. I skip on the toppings because I dont wanna get too big *pats tummy* and also it's a little bit on the expensive side to do that! But they have a good variety of them.You can get coupons sent to your phone, and there's usually a buy 1/get 1 deal on one day out of the week.There is also a stamp card for quarts and 8oz yogurts. Watch out, the two cards are different and cannot be added!
4	Even though this is the closest froyo place to the homestead, I didn't realize it was there and found it via a search on Yelp. I am pretty basic when it comes to the frosty and creamy good stuff. Give me vanilla bean and/or chocolate and I am good to go. Mix in a few toppings and I'm golden. This is not a self serve joint, but the portions are fairly generous and the product is outstanding. I guess the upside to them serving you is the fact that you don't have to deal with the mess left behind by the patron in front of you. The Mrs. says it's the best froyo she's ever had. We will definitely return.
5	Yogurt is soooo good! I eat so much of it! Also I wanted to post the correct information for this location. Golden Spoon Montecito7170 N Durango Dr. Ste 130Las Vegas, NV 891497023958332Hours: Sunday-Thursday: 11:00am-9:30pmFriday & Saturday: 11:00am-10:00pm
