1	I would like to preface this review by stating I understand airport locations are never as good as their original. With that said, the Zinc airport location appears to strive for a lower bar then most. It started with the greeting, we walked up and hostess greeted us with a "you're going to have to wait a minute."  No hello or welcome, just instructions to wait (not to mention the fact the restaurant was half empty). We figured, this is what comes with an airport location so no big deal but the greeting really set the tone for our terrible experience. The service level was consistently bad, highlighted by two exceptionally awful events. The first was when our food was dropped off.  It was literally dropped off. No opportunity to ask for anything else or anything. As soon as we had our food, we realized we needed a knife, but our waitress took off and was not to be found. We asked another waitress who said said she would get one. She didn't. Finally, our waitress came back and upon request, she promptly went to a dirty table next to us to get us knives. Disgusting. By this time we had realized our fries were cold which leads me to the second terrible event...We asked the waitress for new fries, which she was quick to agree to. After about 15 minutes, a reminder that we were still waiting for our fries, and watching the manager yell at another waitress right in front of is, we finally got our fries. The fries redo literally took longer then our food originally took. Look, the point of the airport locations is to provide a good introduction to local restaurants for travelers, but the Zjnc location is doing the opposite. I have wanted to try the Scottsdale location for years, but after my experience at the airport I'm not sure I ever want to go back. The food was pretty good (albeit cold), but the service was so bad I don't have any desire to try a Zinc product at this point.
4	My husband's only criteria for airport food is eating something that won't make his stomach hurt. That goes to show you how horribly bad airport food generally is. Zinc has totally bucked this trend. It's like a real restaurant, guys. The food is excellent. The fries are crazy delicious and my burger came out perfectly. They have an extensive beer and wine selection as well, which is such a nice change from the typical house wine and nasty water beer typically found at airport restaurants. I'm just passing through Phoenix, so I doubt I will be able to enjoy Zinc again, but locals flying out should definitely hit it up.Oh and bonus! Outlets for charging electronics are at all the tables!
1	If you like inattentive service than this joint is for you. You want your burger to look like it got into a brawl in the back than this joint is for you.You want to wait  10 minutes after you sit down for your drink order to be taken then this joint is for you?Oh no? run away then and hope the other resturants opening up in terminal 4 open soon.
4	Basil grilled chicken baguette...... AmazingExpresso martini.... Amazing!And.... Service from Beth behind the bar who I have encountered twice now flying out.... So personable and down to earth.I myself work in the industry and it's hard going out because I pick things out constantly about what is wrong.  There was nothing wrong about my experience today.Next time I fly out hopefully it's in the C terminal of southwest and I get to come back!
3	Been to the airport location of Zinc Brasserie twice.  First time was a couple weeks ago.  Sat at the bar.  Served quickly by the young lady bartender.  She was good, witty, very personable.  I only had time for a drink and I had the proseco.  it was good, light, fruity. Just what I wanted at the time.  The espresso martini looked good.  WIll have to try next time. Second time was this afternoon, skipped lunch so i can try their warm dungeness crab crepe, which did not disappoint.  Very pretty, very tasty.  light by hearty. the peppercorns added some heat.  Lots of crab, mushrooms.  good portion for 1.  Will have again.  And now the service...got seated quickly, like the first time, by the requested electric outlet.  however the service by the booth was slooow.  There were a couple young servers who didn't seem to know what they're doing or what they're supposed to do.  just milling around.  had to flag one down for a drink as he served the person next to me.  Thank goodness a more experienced (i.e. older) server arrived and took charge.  after that, she was attentive and got my crepe out quickly.quick tip, sit by the bar, order the crab and any drink.  they're all good.update: server Michelle was great.  almost upsold me to get the beignets and the pudding.  Heart set on pudding which was very good.  have to love French food.  it's rich.ambience is like an upscale bistro.  Tin ceilings and flat screens by the bar.
3	Sitting at airport for breakfast, had to oatmeal, huge bowl of steel cut and few berries. It's good but way too sweet and runny!!!! Too much vanilla in it.There are only a very few customers at bar and service is awful.  She keeps seeing my coffee cup is empty and not once asked to refill it, very annoyed! So if you want more coffee, you have to get her attention or just grab it yourself. She's a mean one!!!!!
4	My meal was oustanding, extremely quick, and the service was great. I had only 30 minutes to eat and get to my gate and the staff made sure I wasn't late.
4	Made a quick stop before my flight and got the Ham and Gruyere Baguette. Great taste, though the bread seemed a little to big and fluffy, but the caramelized onions added a nice sweet touch. The fries were seasoned with spices and tarragon, and were accompanied with ketchup and some type of aioli. At $14 it was pricey, but isn't all airport food pricey? I was just glad to get a decent lunch in an airport and this place delivered.
4	Nice place to hang if you are waiting for your flight. Great signature cocktail menu, (Petiller: Sminoff Raspberry Sparkling Pink Lemonade Champagne), um...delicious!!! Menu is nice with great options. This was by far the best airport restaurant I have ever frequented. Samuel was our server, (we were at the bar), and he was fantastic.
1	I spend a lot of time in airports so I understand the difference between airport box meals and restaurant cuisine and this restaurant did not live up to any standards. I was there on St. Patricks day and by that evening there were only a few items left on the menu and the bartender did not seem apologetic about it. I ordered the short rib baguette and could not finish it because the taste was so bitter that it was disgusting on top of it the bartender never asked me about how my food was until after 20 minutes when I told him to take it away because it was unsalable. I had originally wanted the soup but they were out, then I asked for the crab cakes and they were out so I settled in that sandwich. The service was poor and I was disappointed since the restaurant was recently opened the expectation is that the food would be better to attract a clientele. Finally, when I ordered my drink they were out of limes, how does a bar run out of limes.?
5	Considering the fact that you are at an airport folks, yes, this is as good as it gets.  Really.  What other airport restaurant compares?  Sbarro?  Some silly Mexican restaurant with fake tub mix marguerite?  Some slimey pizza joint?  And if you're inclined to drop a few Ben Franklins on some expensive wine, voila, ici vous allez!  Nice big round bar in the middle for loners, and BTW airports, most people travel alone so let's make your friggin bars larger eh?  Great Frenchie menu too.
3	On our way out of Phoenix a couple months ago we stopped in here and ate before our flight.  The service was really good and our waitress was very attentive. The food was decent, but not anything overwhelming and it took a bit of time to get, so if you are in a hurry for your flight, you may want to skip the sit down part of this place and just get something from the grab-and-go area.  The overall feel was fun and the people watching was definitely entertaining! The seats were okay, but tightly spaced, so finding somewhere to put our carry on luggage while we ate was difficult, and became more difficult when they sat people on both sides of us despite there being other available seats. The luggage ended up under our table and we were scrunched for foot space.  Our waitress was really the best part of the whole experience.  She was quick and really nice.  She chatted with us for a few seconds every time she stopped at our table and made us feel welcome.Overall: Not a bad place to grab a bite if you have a little time to kill before a flight. If you are in a hurry - get something from the grab and go case.
5	Great food, great service, lots of seating, nice bar area.  Really like this place because its reliable and the food was great.  And the bartenders are friendly, fast, and attentive.
3	It was fine.  Not great.  Very few veggie options.  And, my salad and Bloody Mary cost my $25 before tip.  In a pinch, yes.  Otherwise, No.
3	Not very friendly on your wallet. Save you $$ and skip the burger. As a burger aficionado, I was disappointed by the burger. Medium is medium and not well done. The meat had very little flavor which is why I assume the mix garlic in with the meat. Still not impressed.
2	I got the Pork Belly Baguette and would not recommend it. In short, the pork belly tasted very greasy, and the bread may have been microwaved bc it was extremely chewy and tough. It's definitely not a $17 sandwich. I would've enjoyed a $7 barbecue pork sandwich or a decent burger better than this. I'd maybe give the place another try but definitely wouldn't get the Pork Belly again. Also don't be fooled with the lengthy description of their "house frites" for $6. They're your basic skinny French fries, with paprika on them.
1	I must have caught this place on a bad day.  The shaved chicken salad was remarkably bland, the service consistently slow, and the prices way too high for what you get. (i.e., $22 for a salad and a beer, and I left the place almost as hungry as I arrived).  Service:  waiter was slow to arrive initially, then I had a 5 minute wait for a beer.  When the food came, it was wrong.  They quickly fixed it, and it was at that point I realized there was almost zero taste.  I went for the salt and pepper, and, of course, they are too pretentious to actually have that on the table, so I have to ask the waiter for it.  Five minutes and another "I'm sorry" later, I have salt and pepper.  I then witness the bartender spend 7 or 8 minutes trying to figure out which checks were open and which were closed so he could go home (it was 7:20) - all the while ignoring the two women who sat down.  Admittedly, he did look up once and say "I know you're here, I'll be right with you".  Seriously, make sure you cash out before pouring that drink - nobody at an airport bar is in any kind of hurry or anything.Anyhow, I'd never go back based on my experience. Maybe they had an off night, but...
3	Bottom line is that it's still airport food. I had a chicken baguette and the bread came out tough and chewy as well as my pieces of weird looking chicken. The place has potential and I would probably enjoy a few drinks here but I don't think I could come back strictly for the food.
1	Very poor service. 25 minutes to get fries and vegetables. Ordered wine and coke. Only got the coke. Reordered the wine. Still waiting for the fries and green beans. This is my second visit to this location and it has not improved since my first time here 2 months ago. Again, very slow on food delivery  Much better service at Kierland. Too bad. I expected better.  They have enough servers to do better. Management needs to be more present and observant. It took 25 minutes to get my order of fries and green beans. The server said '"sorry the kitchen is really slow today." Had a flight to catch so asked we for it to go. The fries and green beans were cold when delivered. Also the green beans were very greasy. I won't go back for the food or service.
5	I will pay the best compliment I can give to any eatery in an airport: I would eat here even if I wasn't in the airport. Delicious food, and I have received very hospitable service in both of my visits. The staff knows the menu, the ice tea keeps coming. Poker belly appetizer with cinnamon and fig and a burger cooked a real medium per request were both fantastic.
5	Quick and friendly. I ordered the Zinc Croissant, add avocado and bacon, it was delish! A bit pricey but tasty and a bit fancy.
5	What a great experience! My flight on Southwest was delayed so I searched for some liquid courage and found Zinc. Was able to get a seat at the bar had a FABULOUS waiter. I don't remember his name but he was tall and talking about triathlons. I ordered a Rose and a pork belly sandwich - absolute heaven in an airport. I can't wait to fly again and hope to be delayed! (Not really.)
5	Only had drinks here, but service is excellent and they have power outlets next to every seat. Kick ass!
4	Better than average airport food.  Decent prices.  Normally I never even review airport restaurants.  but the service and food are above par.
5	When hungry for alittle something in Terminal 4, stop and try the Mac and Cheese ... Yum yum :-)  They offer it with Ham - i had that served on the side ... delish :-)  my compliments to the Chef !!
5	This place was awesome! I only ordered a beer and a side of french fries but it was enough to want to rate them 5 stars. The beer was good as it always is and the fries were delicious as well. They were crispy and had this delicious cheese crumble on top. Love it!This is not what you think of when you think of "airport food"!
4	Stopped for a nosh while waiting for a plane out of PHX. Located at the beginning of the SW gates. A nice oasis in the airport. Has an upscale bar feel. Decent beer on draft. Nice food choices on the menu. Yeah, it's industrial, but a decent job never-the-less. A nice place in the airport to get away from the airport.
5	Expensive but great!  Nearly all menu items are above-good, but their omelette will force you to reconsider that Paris trip in favor of going to Terminal 4. I actually kinda look forward to Southwest 4506 being delayed... AS MORE OFTEN THAN NOT... boo, Southwest!    But I eat here all the time.  Would agree with Lee though about the pate being a being bologna.  I've had only good service at the bar and at the tables, but less luck at the "high tops" in the bar area.  Omelette and salad again tonight.  Can hardly wait!!
1	Waiter was awesome, food good but wasn't prepared properly, manager while there didn't once check with a guest saw him move about several times even to the table next to us to clean. It's airport and they know people are captive to what's within the. Airport while traveling so there'll be others to pass through will not be my first choice next time I travel
4	What a pleasant place to enjoy some food and a few drinks before our flight.   Food was fresh and the cocktails were creative and fun!  Parhom, our server was attentive and enjoyable.  Thanks again for the pen!  Looking forward to visiting Terminal 4 soon!
3	Expensive, but a great addition to the PHX Sky Harbor local business empire! The beer is deliciously cold, the onions on the ham & gruyere made the sandwich.
3	Up a notch from the usual fodder, baguettes, salads and entrees.  Pork belly baguette with fig jam, spinach and cheese $16, real frites in a fancy little jar and a $12 margarita.  Very good attentive service.
3	2 hour layover. Guess I'll findsomething to eat!I was going to try Humble Pie, but ended up here instead. Frites, fries... Whatever, they were just okay. I broke the cardinal rule by eating them last. They got cold and squishy quick! Not much crunch, but loved the aoili dipping sauce.The pork belly sandwich was okay. The fig jam paired with green apple, little pieces of arugula gave it a nice sweet savory balance. I was a little indifferent about the bread. On one hand it was stable and didn't get soggy with all the sauce and junk..... Then it got to a point where it was just too much to handle. I started taking the contents out of my sandwich and ate it piece by piece. My waitress was great and even made a comment 'bout the picture of my husband and I on my debit card. Kudos for that ;) Otherwise.... I thought the food was mediocre for the price.
1	The ham and cheese baguette was not very good. I came in for the Mac and cheese because someone here recommended it. Don't make the same mistake I made. The bartender was nice and on her game, friendly and kind.
1	I was so excited to see Zinc at the airport!  They had the omelette available and I love it at Zinc Bistro so that's what I ordered. Big mistake. After the first bite I realized it tasted seriously off.  Tried the crispy potato and it tasted old and just bad. Talked to the waitress. She came back, apologized, said she spoke with the manager and there wouldn't be a charge. He was cleaning tables all around me but never stopped by my table!  Really!  He's leaving it up to the waitress?!  It would've taken just a moment of his time to let me know that I, as a customer, mattered. Won't be back.
5	Review based on the food only******Don't come here for the anticipated service and fine dinning atmosphere. Come here for the fine wines, cold beer and the red wine braised pork belly. It's simply amazing. Don't be tempted to order anything else but a nice glass of wine and the pork belly. The pork belly here is some of the best I have had. You wouldn't expect this type of food in the middle of an airport in phx. I have many choices were I can spend my money but when I am stuck in the phx airport I choose to spend it here. Simply awesome.
1	Overpriced, lousy food. Two entrees along with one kids meal added up to more than $70.....no appetizers, no alcohol and no deserts. The food was only passable. Save yourself a bunch of money and grab a meal somewhere else....McDonalds would be an improvement.
4	great spot for a really good meal in Term 4 at the airport. Full bar, dining area and a togo bar if you got tied up at the TSA checkpoint (it happens). Across from gate C11
4	been to this place twice and i'm a fan.  the first time i had the mac and cheese and wedge salad.  both were good.  i didn't care for the dressing on the wedge so when i was there the second time i asked for the "blu cheese" dressing and liked it much better.  the best restaurant in the airport.  will be back.
4	One of the best airport restaurants anywhere.  You'll get top-quality food and fast service here, unlike most in-airport restaurants.The menu has a decent variety from simple to high end.  There are some neat sandwich options like the ham with Gruyere and some other unexpected ingredients (forgot them all now).  If you're keeping it light there are several very good salad options.Price...well it's upscale food at an airport, so it's not cheap, but I didn't feel it was out of line either.
5	Awesome Gem in the aiport. Food is to die for. Was in PHX for a 2.5 hr layoever on my way to SF and decided to stop by this place. I got the best pork belly ever and my neighbor's palte of cheese looked equally delicious. My jaw was about to drop. Music and ambiance is awesome and above all staff is really genuinely friendly and efficient. My waitress Jessica was not too invasive and made me feel at ease after a hard day of traveling and gave a sincere (I hope) compliment on my watch! Small things that make a big difference and that customers do appreciate. I also got convinced into trying their chocolate bread which was to die for ... Other restaurants in this country should really follow this model!
4	We came here for lunch to celebrate my mother's 60th birthday with my doctor brother who flew in from AZ for the day. We had made the reservation notating the special occasion. There was no need to remind them as when dessert was served there was a candle and a happy birthday message on it. The service is excellent as usual where they bring refills before needing to be asked.
2	Ordered double Jack & Coke. Got Jack, Coke, and lots of ICE!! Filled the glass 70% with ice, a good jaw breaker. Price $13.00 + tip.
4	Very very noisy and chaotic. Great food but our server was clearly overwhelmed and, while pleasant, was mildly neglectful (long wait to get menus and to order; took a few tries to get pepper on table).
4	Phenomenal airport dinning experience and food. Stopped by with about an hour to spare and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of food and dinning experience. I had a Four Peaks daft brew and a Zinc Burger with bacon blue cheese. Exceptional. Zinc has bar with plenty of seats, a high seating area and tables. It did appear to be very crowded during the peak game time, but cleared out well after most the games were over. The service was good, friendly and attentive. However, I do wish they had bigger TV's to watch the games from all the seats around the bar. Although they have many bar seats, only a handful on each side can be in the viewing area of the few smaller TVs they have. Other than the minor critique above, I certainly believe that Zinc provided one of the best burgers I have ever enjoyed, especially for airport dinning. The prices are not cheap, but on par with other upscale airport restaurants and certainly worth the price. The Zinc Brasserie is a must go for anyone through Terminal 4.
2	We ended up at the airport with a few hours to kill, and wanted to have a decent meal at a sitdown restaurant, versus a fast-paced sandwich shop.  We were in the C Terminal, and Zinc looked like the best option.  The menu was pricey, but that wasn't completely surprising being in an airport and our expectations of the food quality.  Unfortunately, we were wrong.The French onion soup was a good version, but for $14 it needed to be better than just good.  And that was the highlight of the meal.  The steak frites were a complete let down.  It consisted of a flat iron steak, served medium rare.  I guess you have to pay extra for flavor, because it had none.  And the steak itself was so tough and full of fat that it was difficult to chew.  The frites were basically frozen shoestring fries, loaded up with some kind of red seasoning that was also flavorless.  The only thing that made the food passable was an orange sauce that accompanied the steak.  I'm not quite sure what it was, and it wasn't that great, but it was the most flavorful component of the entire meal.I would go one star based on the food alone, but the service was good and it was one of the only places in the terminal where you could sit back and relax, and not feel rushed.  Just plan on eating somewhere else first, and maybe hitting Zinc for a couple of cocktails and skipping the food.
4	Had the pork belly sandwich here and it was awesome!! Best sandwich I've had in a long time and by far the best airport food I've ever had. Would give it five stars but the fries were under salted and the seasoning they use isn't that great.
3	Was lucky to find an empty bar seat passing by.Though the food is pretty good, it is a little expensive, even though that is pretty much a given in an airport restaurant.I was hoping for more of a vegetarian menu, but lacking that, I went with a short rib baquet. Quite tasty. Fresh baquet bread and good taste to the ribs.Sam was an excellent bartender/waiter.  Had a great disposition and was always there to fill my drink as well as tending to everyone else.Nice bar with lots of TVs.
2	15$ mimosa.  Mehh. Decent service for an airport bar. Menu was limited at my early Arrival. I opted for a liquid breakfast.
3	Service was just alright, staff talked about how much they were ready to go home though openly in front of customers.I didn't get a receipt for my meal there and there is no phone number to call as airport assistance told me no establishments have phones(!?) in the airport.  Not sure how I'm supposed to contact anyone at the restaurant.
5	I got 2 perfectly made drinks (double jack and coke!) while sitting at the bar and the pork belly starter was REALLY delicious!  It came with sliced green apples on top, arugula(I think?), and some fig spread that made the pork belly dish perfect.  Went great with a whiskey drink!I will return!  It's worth the walk away from your own concourse if you have the time.
3	Le petite you might say? A buttery croissant with a egg over hard and gruyere cheese was delicious but a little over priced for $10 for something I could easily make myself. Additional $2 for tomato, avocado or bacon. Their other menu items also looked yummy but just had a stomach for some breakfast food. Overall decent for the stomach.
3	Stopped by during my layover in Phoenix hoping for a place to enjoy a drink and charge my phone. I was seated quickly and the server came over right away. He was very gluten free aware and helped me navigate to the steak salad with the mustard champagne, instead of blue cheese dressing. I enjoyed a couple of 11.00 house glasses of wine while I charged my phone and ate. There are chargers all around the restaurant, pretty much at every table, which was awesome. The salad was ok, iceberg lettuce can only be so appetizing. The steak and dressing were tasty, it wasn't till I was almost done with the salad that I realized they hadn't put the crumbled blue cheese on it. Apparently they assumed if I couldn't have the dressing the cheese itself was also off limits. They brought me a little and I enjoyed it with the remainder of my salad.Salad was a good portion and about 16.00. Overall portions were good on both wine and food. Service good and very prompt. Price expensive, but hey, it's airport food. Atmosphere is nice with comfortable booths, high top tables and a bar with tv. Also lovely windows overlooking the runway. I'd certainly stop in here again on another layover.
5	The Alastian Tart was amazing and unlike anything I've ever had. Service was great. It's located near C13 in terminal 4.
2	I stopped at Zinc because it appeared to be the higher end restaurant in the Southwest section of the airport. I ordered the Zinc Burger and a Mountain Dew. I took one star away because the waitress brought a coke out at first. The second because I asked for medium rare, but the burger was clearly medium (no pink whatsoever). The third because the fries were very oily and overcooked. I'd give it another shot if I have another long layover at Phoenix.
5	While in Phoenix Airport I stopped into grab a quick bite...was more than pleasantly surprised how good the food was. I had the Grilled Chicken Paillard and it was awesome!  The service was good as well...our waitress was very attentive. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who's looking for good food as well as drinks. It has a cool French vibe as well. Enjoy... Bon Appetite!
5	I enjoyed the pork belly appetizer before my flight this afternoon. Super rich with fig/mustard butter. I will order next time I'm at PHX. F
2	I will admit, I do not have high expectations for airport food, but I've had much better food at other airports restaurants. The pork belly baguette was mediocre. The pork belly was so overdone, tough and chewy. The fries came out lukewarm and were overly salted with a heavy hand on the paprika as well. No bueno. The service was at least quick and friendly, but I'd pass on the food. Maybe the drinks at the bar are better. :/
3	I ordered the red wine pork belly & it was good. Next, I tried the Duck Pate & it was ok. I played with the fig that was served with the pork belly & put some on the pate since I'm not too crazy about the mustard & it complemented the pate somehow. The toasted slice of bread was good and toasted the way I liked it. Service was good.  If I'm Phoenix bound again, I will return to sample the other food in their menu. I give this place 3.5 stars for now
4	I eat out all the time, and  Zinc Brasserie still feels like an occasion. It was spectacular.
4	The pre-theater prix fix menu with wine pairings was delightful and a little more affordable.
