4	This is a lesser known place in Charlotte, but one that is truly unique. The airport overlook looks across the runways at the airport where planes land & take off all day long. This is a great spot to take in lunch if you work nearby, or a nice place to just stop by & relax after a busy day. It provides amazingly up close views of planes landing, & if you hit the time just right, you'll get landing & takeoffs back to back, over & over again.You could also take the kids here to show them great views & a good time without spending a dime. They have some picnic tables & some nice shade trees at the back of the overlook so you can relax out of the sun on a hot day. Most people though sit in their cars at the front of the overlook, taking this great sight all in.The airport overlook really is a great place to visit off Old Dowd Rd, the back way around the airport. Check it out, it won't cost you anything & it will definitely impress you & take your mind off work for a little while.
5	Great view!  Very close to the runway so it's good for pictures.  Picnic tables and benches to eat or just relax. You'll find lots of kids here especially on a nice weekend day.
5	I haven't been on a plane for three weeks and I have no immediate plans to be on one any time soon. I'm jonesing for a flight. I know it might seem silly to you, but I really like to travel. And these times where I'm in between flights, I need a fix. So when that happens, I head to the airport and watch other people fly.The Overlook is on a slight rise next to Charlotte's runway 18C/36C, which is code for "the middle one that runs north to south". From this little picnic spot, you can look down on the planes as they taxi from the terminal to the end of the runway. The spool up and go, barely a couple of hundred yards away. It's a great spot for pictures, because it's facing not only the control tower, but also the skyline of the Queen City is in the background, barely 3 miles away.Bring the kids, they'll love it. And the best part? It's FREE! 1600.
1	The airport is very nice as far as airports are - and I've been in quite a few. Thanks to US Airways I departed San Juan late and didn't make my connection in Charlotte to Phoenix. Next fligth to Phoenix is the following morning. Doesn't make sense to check into a hotel for 7.5 hours. Decided to sleep in the airport. Guess what! You can't sleep in the terminals. It's unsecured. Really? Unsecured from what? Last I checked all personnel in the terminals went through security. So I was left with the option to sit at the ticket counters. How very accomadating Charlotte.
4	Cool you can see the planes.
4	Nice and comfortable airport.  Very friendly staff.  Great places to eat.  What more could you ask for?
4	The openness and windows are all nice. You can watch the planes take off. But again, I was there on layover and it was a rush to walk through. But good selection of restaurants.
4	overall a nice airport....well kept up...clean...nice facilities.  Security is rather quick and fairly well run, although not as good as Indianapolis and Myrtle Beach which I think do a superb job.wifi works fairly fast...unlike some other airports...ROCHESTER, DETROIT, PHILLY....and too many others to list.Great and plentyful moving sidewalks...which means all the fat lazy americans are on them...freeing up walking space.Here's and idea.....pound down pancakes, sausage and gravy, sticky buns, omlette or two... as part of your "free" breakfast at the hotel....and craftily avoid the fruit, whole grain bagels, yogurt....and...when ya get to the airport....waddle on to the moving sidewalks !  Bravo...one step closer to heart disease....Decent dining options, with pretty good sushi.  Craft beer available at several locations.Open and airy feeling throughout most of the airport. Nice to have rocking chairs to watch the masses, or listen to the live piano...which is always very good !Most of the airline staff...and airport staff...I have encountered, have been pleasant and competent.
5	The airport overlook is a very unique thing in the US. Not many airports encourage watching of planes, and very very few have made a designated spot to do so, and this is one of them. Offering a great view of runway 18C and 36C, the overlook sees plenty of action all day. US Airways dominates the scene, but you'll see airlines like Delta, United, Lufthansa, Air Canada, and American. 18C/36C generally serves westbound departures and arrivals from the west, so you won't see things like jetBlue on this runway. For photos, you'll need no more than 300mm, and you can get away with a 200mm lens, as the planes are very close. Recent improvements to the overlook have made it even better--a median with flowers in the middle, and the cleaning up of the area. It also has picnic tables and benches, and can get very busy on a Saturday afternoon. If you like watching planes, this is the spot to do it.
5	"Wayne's world, party time, excelllllenttttt...reorrr reorrr reorrrr." was going through my head when my friend told me about the airport overlook. I pictured us laying on the hood of my car as those massive planes roared overhead, and we'd have to stop talking for that moment since it'd be so loud we couldn't hear. Well, it was actually nothing like that, yet just as cool as if it were! I moved to Charlotte a couple of months ago and I was pretty sad to leave my friends and family. My friend being the awesome person that he is, decided to cheer me up and bring me to one of his fave locations  that never failed to put a smile on his face. At first I was thinking, this couldn't possibly help to turn my frown upside down.. har har. But I was wrong. As we drove into the gravel parking lot, I noticed people parked all over just staring at the runway. We parked the car and headed to one of the benches that faced the runway. It was a really cool view. The runways in themselves are neat to see that close up, and then throw in the Charlotte skyline as a backdrop. Where was my camera when I needed it?!? You could get some GREAT shots down there!! As we sat on that rickety old bench I was transformed back to my  youth. I easily could have been compare to that kid in a candy store quote. I waited for the different sized planes to come down the runway and take off right in front of me! It was the neatest sound and feeling and it melted my worries for that hour or so while we were there. It's not far from my home, and it's just a really unique way to see things. I'm usually sitting ON the plane, not on the ground hearing the wheels snatch up from their last seconds on the pavement. Awesome place, and best of all, it's FREE! Take your camera and just enjoy. It's worth spending some time there. :)
3	The airport overlook is a little out of the way, but once you find the signs it's easy to get to. Unfortunately, planes on the runway nearest the overlook tend to be taking off, not landing. This means that they take off usually about halfway down the runway, a ways off from the overlook. If you can get to the overlook when the winds are out of the south instead of the north, I imagine you'll get a much better view of planes landing rather than taking off.There are picnic tables for a nice picnic, and plenty of benches right at the front of the overlook. It's a great place to visit on a sunny afternoon.
5	This little gem of a spot recently popped back into my mind when I was looking for some fun, free, odd, and, lesser known things to do in Charlotte. It's a bit of a hike through some back roads around the airport/off of i-485, but it's totally worth it at night or in the daytime, I'd imagine. Came to check it out in the evening and loved it. So many planes landing and taking off, loud engine sounds, lights twinkling, and tons of activity going on around the terminals. Such a peaceful little spot to hangout inside your car with the headlights off and just observe all of the activity. I noticed a bunch of benches, picnic tables, and a small grassy area with some trees. Makes for a great place to take the kiddos. Beware of the parking area, though. It's a bit rough. Cars lower to the ground may need to take it a bit slower.
5	Great place to fly into very convenient. I enjoyed how clean and orginized the fecilities were and spacious. Nice bars and restaurants to make time go by fast and have a few cocktails to make the time go by faster!!
5	very cool place.    usually too many people there, too many kids, no alcohol
4	Nicest airport I've ever been to. Rocking chairs, trees, a wine bar, so clean. Southern charm.  Their shop selection was abundant.
5	Great place for free fun with the kid.  He is at that age where everything is his "favorite" so to show him his favorite planes for free is great. Picnic tables and benches are nice on a cool day.
5	What with all the hubbub about this 9/11 thing, you would think that there would be no airport overlooks left, but sure enough, Charlotte has one, and it's a beaut. Lucky for us, it is way around the back side of the airport - perhaps the overlook itself has been overlooked, you might say, or chance are this baby would have been shut down.You might even wonder why in the world it doesn't shut down after dark, because you have to drive down a somewhat darkened road, then another very dark and curvy road, to a gate that is not lit at all. Talk about your perfect place for parking, and who knows what else. But, no, this overlook is indeed open until well past dark (until 10:30pm if memory serves).Unfortunately, dark is only good for those out doing things that they probably shouldn't - like watching planes take off and land in the dark. It's much better during the day, when you can actually see what is going on in the car next to you.Also well-stocked in tables and benches and whatnot. We even saw a native-american type woman sing a song of some sort one day in her appreciation to the flying creatures before her. At least, that's what I tell myself. It may have been something much more sinister, but I like to think happy thoughts.
3	Lived in Charlotte all my life but just recently visited the airport overlook. We had some time to kill before we had to pick up our daughter from the airport so we opted to go to the overlook as opposed to the cell phone lot and wait for the call. It was ok. After I saw a couple planes land and take off I'd had my fill. Hey, if you're into planes, this would be a cool regular stop. Me, I just don't get to this side of town often and I'm not that into planes.
4	Instead of sitting in the cell phone lot, I decided to try the Airport Overlook.  It was pitch black dark outside and there were a lot of planes landing and taking off when I pulled up.  I've been here during the day with the kids and they really enjoyed it.There were a few cars parked up front but even more in the back.  Not sure what was going on but probably some kids playing the horizontal hula if you know what I mean.  It seemed a little sketchy at night, so I didn't hang out long.  Got to watch a few planes land and one thing I'll say is that if you want to see a lot of airport action you really have to hit it at the right time.  I'd go back, but probably just in the daytime.
4	"Im just sittin' out here watching airplanes. Take off and fly. Tryin to figure out which one you might be on. And why you don't love me anymore.." Ok maybe not that last part.This little hidden away stop is perfect for a cheap date or families. It is right on an US Air runway and by right on I mean it gets quite loud.Terrific views - if you GPS it: 4355 Airport Overlook Drive works really well.Plenty of trashcans and seating - terrific views of uptown. Stayed for about an hour and police patrolled the lot once- we brought a little picnic and enjoyed an unique experience.
5	We are airplane buffs have been for decades we love the overlook at Charlotte Douglas, thank you for the beautiful middle area. Somebody is working hard. We are out there for hours most weekends.Please take note not all people especially men are out there to watch American Air or Delta land.No siree.Best wishes.
5	This place is awesome if you love airplanes or your kids love airplanes.  There are trash bins and seats.  The seats are wet after a rain, so bring a blanket to dry it off.
5	I found this place accidentally one afternoon, and I'm looking forward to bringing the family there for a picnic lunch. Some times of day seem busier than others, and the direction of the runway changes (the first time we went, we watched tons of planes taking off, the second time, it was only a couple, and they were landing), so if you want the most plane action, maybe check the airport departures and arrivals to find out the business times...?Anyway, as far as free entertainment goes, and something fun for the kids, this place is great. Plenty of trash cans, some picnic tables, ample parking, and a great view. My two year old talked about planes the whole rest of the day. :)
