5	I love authentic mexican food and this is as good as it gets! Great new restaurant in a great location. Love the food! I had a combo meal and it was hot and delicious. The service was very friendly and the owners were there and very attentive. I'll be back and I'll be bringing my friends and family next time.
5	Great new restaurant. The service was great and the food was delicious. Being from California, I hadn't found a place in Arizona that had good menudo. The menudo here was fantastic. It wasn't greasy and had the perfect amount of flavor. I also got a carne asada burrito to have later in the day and was just as happy with that. The burrito comes with rice and beans in it and had the perfect amount of carne asada in it too. I will definitely be back for more!
4	My husband and I had dinner here one evening.  I had the #2 taco & cheese enchilada, my husband had the #10 two soft carne asada tacos.  The Food was delicious!  We joined the clean plate club and plan to return, again.  We were also impressed with the red salsa which had a solid kick to it, but not too much.  I just wanted to add that the restaurant was clean and they are open daily from 6am to 10pm.
2	My boyfriend and I ate here because we wanted to try it. They got my boyfriends order wrong even though it was just one of the combos. They fixed it for him though. Both his and my food was average, nothing special, I can't even say that it is authentic since. The food tastes bland and my neighbor's for is much better than theirs. Their prices are a bit high for the quality and amount of food they give also. Definitely will not being going back any time soon.
5	What a gem!  Love having this restaurant in the neighborhood. Very authentic Mexican food, excellent service and very reasonable prices. My husband and I usually come for breakfast. Love the chorizo and egg platter and the menudo. My husband is Mexican and has high standards for his menudo. He loves it here. Don't wait to try this place. Extra bonus in supporting a local business.
5	Great place for dinner!! We had the 2 enchilada plate, green chile plate, and the chile relleno plate   All were delicious as usual. There food has a slight kick to it which you can kick it up with the tabletop salsas. Please eat here. We want this restaurant to stay around a long time. Dinner for three with drinks and chips $28.
5	Food great.Very quick. Attractive. Very clean. I had #5 combo and Pastor Taco. Truly enjoyable.
5	The food was excellent. Price was right. Large selection. Great customer service. You won't be disappointed.
1	Was here for a company lunch... Decent food and ambience is very authentic Mexican... I ordered fish tacos which was good but it had a fish bone which got stuck in my throat ... I had to go to urgent care to get it removed later on... I can't imagine that this was not taken care of by the chef... Horrible experience as it did not work in my favor... My colleagues were upset as well as we did not expect this kind of problems to arise in a restaurant of such high caliber.
5	You know finding great Mexican food is really hard to find.  Being from California, AZ southwest style if Mexican food is different.  I do have to say though this carne asada burrito is freaking delicious!  Great flavor!  Most places want to impress you with the portion size,not here.  I don't know about you but I'll take quality over quantity any day.  Next time I'm around these parts I'm definitely going back!
1	I wonder where some of these reviews have ate real authentic mexican food. I can tell you one thing it sure is not here. My wife and I ordered the enchilada combos. Mine beef, hers chicken. The beef taste like something out of a can. While there I noticed there was a large can of red  sauce, La Palma or something like that. Have seen it in grocery stores. The tortillas were horrible also. There s nothing authentic about this place except the Spanish speaking employees.
3	I have enjoyed several things from this place, however my husband is a different subject, either his order is wrong or when trying something new the meat seems very chewy.  the carne burro's are great, fish tacos are tasty, good enchiladas, along with great breakfast burritos.  Great staff :)    It seems when we order late in the day that things are not as fresh.  My husband ordered steak fajitas, it was tasty but the meat was way too chewy, hope next time is more tender for him.    I have a few friends that have said the same thing late in the day things are not as fresh as lunch.  Hope this is helpful for the business and hope it changes.   I look forward to trying other things from here.
