3	This place is on the 2nd floor of the Ivey's building uptown.  I guess I don't get out much because I thought Bombay Cuisine was still in that building.  At any rate, I had a combo of a veggie entree and and chicken entree with rice and naan.  The food was pretty good, but the naan was dreadful....not fresh at all....I know this is their 'xpress' location but I like my naan fresh!  3 stars.
3	On a never ending quest to broaden my palate, I took a chance on Spice 9 today. Result? Smiles and full belly! I'm not really an Indian food person since I had a bad run in with curry before so when my co-worker mentioned getting Indian food for lunch, I winced. But then I remembered one of my goals this year is trying new cuisines and decided to go for it. Their location is a little obscure if you're not familiar with the uptown scene since it's on the 2nd floor of the Ivey's building. It's a pretty sweet spot location wise and you can eat in or take your food to go. You walk in and they have a line where you can order whatever combination you want for lunch (meals ranging from $5 to $8) with veggie and chicken options along with rice and naan. I got chicken, veggies, chicken rice and naan and a soda and the meal was under $9. The portions are sick---in a good way! There was so much food that I was intrigued why it weighed so heavy yet cost so little. The naan was a little undercooked and the yogurt sauce was a bit watery but besides that everything was great and packed with flavor....and this is coming from a girl who doesn't like Indian food!Seating is limited so you can sit in the restaurant itself or take it to go and eat in the Ivey's area. We got out of there quickly after finishing since people were waiting for tables. Their prices seemed a little steep for dinner so I wouldn't recommend it but this is a very solid spot when looking for a quick, lunch in the Uptown area!
1	VERY SMALL PORTIONS FOR THE PRICE....I will not be back.I  truly miss Siruchi's
1	Most fans of Indian cuisine like the aromatic fragrance of the spices, so walking in the front door and being greeted with an overpowering incense burning - strike one.The visible grease that coagulated on the top of the mushroom curry AND the chicken tikka masala - strike twoThe flat, obviously frozen at some point naan - strike three.I'm sorry, but even though the actual flavors resembled something good, at noon on a Friday the food should not be this gross.  I still can't get over the fact that the only Indian place remotely close to uptown charlotte worth it's beans is Copper - and frankly, I don't think that place is all that either.Where's the originality?  Where's the commitment to fresh ingredients?  The fact this place is still in business only begs the Charlotte restauranteurs to open a decent Indian place uptown.
4	Went here with a coworker for lunch and we both loved it.  A little pricey but it's harder and harder to find lunch uptown that's not $8 to $10.  They should at least give away a can of sody pop with the price they're charging, but naaahh - it's uptown Charlotte!  Ginger chicken was tasty - along with vegetable biryani.  The red curry was great with the naan.  Not sure what the red curry was exactly - the guy working there told me, but I had no idea what he said and if I had said "come again?", he would have said the same thing, and then I would have said "excuse me?" and he would have said the same thing.  And pretty soon we'd have a Curb Your Enthusiasm episode happening.  Butttt, I saw some cauliflower in there and the red curry was delicious.Coworker ordered green curry and he can be picky about his Indian food but he was impressed.  But perhaps that's neither here nor there.Next door is a cute little Indian bakery with samosas and lentl donuts and curry puffs and ...potato chips?  Yeah, weird.  Doritos next to a curry puff.  Huh?  But the non-chip stuff looked mouth-watering.  Next time I'll try that for lunch.  Great find if you're looking for Indian food uptown at lunch.  Oh yeah, you do need to find it.  It's on the second floor of the Ivey's building - down the hallway a bit.  Pecae out, Yelpsters.  Shazizzle!
5	Without a doubt the best, most authentic I divan food in Charlotte. Anyone who likes Indian food or is interested in trying it should go here.
4	If you like "chat pat" spicy Indian food, This is the place for you! Rice + Naan + two curry's - $7 for typical south Indian food is just awesome!
3	The food had excellent flavor and was good. However, it tasted old and reheated and like it would have been so much better if fresh. Also, was overpriced for what it was.
1	I went to this restaurant few days back ... Food is horrible with old foul smelled meat ... Its seems naan is very hard as its  10 days old
5	Fantastic Indian Food. I guess the management is changed and its amazing. Especially the young guy at the register is customer service oriented. I am eating here daily!!!
1	I was visiting Charlotte and noticed that a couple of my co-workers got take-out from this place two days in a row. So I had to stop by before I headed home. The line was out the door so I thought that the place would be great. I patiently waited in line and when it was my turn, I ordered the chicken biryani, chicken curry and I don't remember what the other chicken dish was. I was given a couple pieces of naan bread along with my combo. As I got closer to the register I noticed a couple of little containers and asked the cashier what they were. He added them to my order and proceeded to tell me that it is a dessert.  It was a dollar and to tell you the truth not worth a penny. He didn't tell me what was in the white container. I tasted it and it did not taste like dessert so I pushed it aside. The dessert was a gritty dough ball in some sugary sauce. I took one bite and it was way too sweet and I didn't like the texture so that got pushed to the side as well. OI really liked the chicken biryani and the curry but the naan was not fresh and the other chicken dish was too dry. I didn't finish most of my meal. I sat in the small dining room which was hot and they did not clean the tables after each patron. You have to clean the table yourself before you sit if the person ahead of you didn't do a good job. Out of all the restaurants that I visited on my trip to Charlotte, this was the most lackluster and really not worth the money that you spend on it.
2	When I was living in Charlotte I used to wander the streets aimlessly at lunch time to find new lunch adventures. One day my wandering led me into the doors of Spice 9, and to be honest I wish I would have turned right back around and headed out the door. You see, had I been a good Yelper, I would have checked the reviews from all of you first and made a more constructive decision. Sigh..Well, I ordered whatever it was they had left, and it looked much like the other photos that have been posted. I have read that several of you got naan with your meals, and I didn't even get that. To be honest, the food was decent.. If the price were lower I probably would have eaten there again. But if I remember correctly, it was about $10 for my meal. It was definitely a few hours old by the time I'd eaten it, and my stomach was doing flip flops when I got back to work. I just wasn't impressed, and I really had high hopes since it'd been so close to my work. I'd say for this one, if you can get there when they are first opening, it may be worth it, but I definitely wouldn't go towards the end of the lunch rush like I did.
4	I've tried the other Indian places uptown, but always end up back at Spice Xpress. The portions are large (I've seen other comments complaining about the portion size, but I never feel hungry after eating and I have a healthy appetite), the food is flavorful, and you can get in and out quick. While it might be a little expensive compared to some other places, you still get out for under $10 so it's not too bad. If you are looking for something a little different and are scared by the mediocre reviews here, its worth a try IMO.
1	Stopped by for lunch at 11:30am and they were closed because the food hadn't arrived yet??? Waited 10 minutes then left. What a joke!! Won't be going back anytime soon. Nice curry but not that nice!?
