4	I probably step foot into a bank three times per year. Seriously....I'm more of an ATM kind of girl. So, it makes me all giddy inside to report that this Bank of America is not only clean and sparkly, but it's filled with really nice tellers, efficient services and a notary. Woot.I rolled up to this BoA to grab some cash (many ATMs outside and drive through, folks) and more importantly, to acquire a certified check. These are the errands that I truly despise, because past experience has shown that certified checks can be obnoxious and take a while. Plus, I also needed a notary. Another potentially laborious process. But guess what? The very nice teller took care of my certified check in 5 minutes and directed me to their notary just a moment later. And the icing on the cake? The notary service was free. Yeah - I should have known beforehand that banks provide their customers with free notary services, but, frankly, I never really thought about it. While I'll continue to be an ATM kinda gal, it's nice to know that folks inside this bank are getting the job done.
2	Is it me or does the customer service suck?  I've worked as a bank teller before and we always did what we could to expediate the lines and cater to the customers.  This place seems like the opposite.  I've waited on line for 15 minutes when there were three people in front of me.  I'm sorry, but that is just ridiciulous.
3	Typical BoA branch set up near South Park Mall.  It's located at the corner of Fairview and Barclay Downs so there is a traffic light to help you turn left and then into the parking lot.  Ample enough parking spaces and the building is shaped like a pie wedge so it makes for an interesting entrance (at the tip).A walk up ATM is located at the front for 24hr access as well as a drive thru ATM.  I've never seen anyone use the teller windows (drive through), but they may be phasing those out as the tellers are being replaced by machines.
3	I know a lot of people hate bofa, but I have banked with them since I was 16 and worked at Disneyland. I like the phone app, the online access and the guarantees they have for identity theft etc. Recently my card number was stolen and the theif ran up huge bills with online stores - I wasn't held liable for any of the charges and they credited everything back with in days.This location is very convenient, they have drive up tellers, drive up atm, walk up atm and a full banking center inside. I did my address update in person here and they were very efficient and professional.
1	So Bank of america website is totally broken. That is not the worst problem. If you thinking openning an account -- run while you can and save your soul. I have explained to the customer service 50 times yes, 50 times over the last 5 years that website sw is broken. But they have the intelligence of a goat and when you explain to them the website is broken it is like explaining theory of relativity to a goat. I will give you few examples and it has been like this for  years. If you ask the sw to give you chart of your balance for last 12 month in June, it will stop in April. Today is June. In a different part if you ask for 12 mo of transactions it will give you few weeks and then dies. There was actually a time when it computed the total of my 2 savings and checkings account and came up with a WRONG number. I went to the local branch and the manager added the numbers using hand calculater and the number was different from what the website reported. So basically these people are stupid all the way to the CEO Moynihan (and including). He delegates his work the ppl in the executive office, and those ppl are just as stupid as customer service. Today I spent lovely time with a woman with the intelligence of a goat in the executive office her name is Charlotte Gimmel. She is so proud to work at the executive office telling she will solve the problem. So I asked her where did she get her computer degree from -- too stupid. But the stupid woman refuses me access to an IT person how their sw is f-----d up. So again, if you did not yet open your account at the hell of a bank run and save your soul. They do trully have infinite amount of stupid people. I have spoken to at least 50 and the low intelligence trash do not have the intelligence to read and understand what I already told them 50 times. They must actively hire only stupid people bc I have not found one who is smart from the CEO Brian T. Moynihan to the customer service. Brian, if reading this, get a job in food industry. That would fit your level of competence.
