4	This hotel is new--since June 2010--and they are doing so many things right!  First, it is well positioned in downtown Montreal with the underground and many fine restaurants and cafes nearby on Rue Pell or Rue St. Catherine.  I speak no French, but the staff immediately switched to perfect English and sought to make my stay absolutely trouble free and comfortable.  They made restaurant recommendations, provide travel advice, even printed my airline boarding passes for me.  So kudos for great service.  The room was spacious and lovely--I had 2 queens in an uncrowded room which was stylishly decorated.  But the BEST thing about the room was the shower.  There were 2 rainshower heads--one hand held--and HOT water.  A hot shower is exactly what I needed after each day of hard work and the shower was invigorating!  The restaurant food was pretty good too!  A nice plus was the gorgeous chocolates that I was greeted with at the end of my work day--not laid out on a pillow, but offered on a platter as you walked into the lobby.  Plus free wi-fi.  Found this gem on hotels.com with a great deal--listed as a 4 star hotel at $165/night.  This is the real deal.  I'd love to stay here again!
4	Since I'm a pro in online shopping, I found an awesome HauteLook deal for the weekend.. This hotel is beautiful. The inlaws upgraded and got a sweet room, ours was small but no complaints. The location is very central, close to shopping and great restaurants. Free wifi is always a plus.. They lose 1 star for the not so pleasant guy at the front desk.. Aside from that, my experience was top notch.
5	Thank you, Hotels.com for placing this hotel within our search terms.  The room was very well-appointed (very comfortable furnishings, fireplace, great decor, large bathroom), the staff was incredibly professional, music greets you in the lobby, elevators, and hallways, and the location is ideal.  It's easy to drive to, a block from the Peel Metro stop on the green line, and close to several wonderful brunch spots, stores, museums, and the Bell Centre.   If ever in Montreal again, I'd definitely choose to stay here.
4	We got a voucher from a group coupon type business, and we loved our stay here.The staff was very friendly and very knowledgeable. We loved our room. The big bath tub with the mini tv was a bonus. The rooms only issue was the temperature. Too hot then too cold. The staff made many restaurant suggestions for dinner and even booked us at a great Portuguese one. The included valet parking was also very convenient. We will be staying here again.
4	I'm writing my review as I'm spending my last night of 6 nights at this hotel. My favorite thing about this hotel is its location. It's about a block away from the nearest metro stop (Peel), although you probably don't need to take the subway to get to most attractions if you don't mind a bit of walking. It's about 5 blocks away from one of the main entrances into Parc du Mont Royal (at Rue Peel and Avenue des Pins Ouest), and it's a must visit on a nice day!Oh heck, that's not my only favorite thing about the hotel. I love their daily complimentary coffee and bottled water refills - two things I need daily, their super firm yet fluffy pillows, and their workstation with desk top outlet (so you don't have to crawl under to plug/unplug. The big shower head makes me want to take 4 showers a day. Standard room comes with a sizable shower stall, no bathtub, in case you're into that stuff...Some reviews on Tripadvisor complained about the wifi. Let me just affirm that I haven't had any wifi connectivity issues during my entire stay here. Wifi is consistent and relatively fast. It resets every 24hrs so you just need to reenter your room info to restart the cycle.The gym is on the 4th floor right by my room, which I never used. I took a peek and thought it was pretty small, but I really didn't have the need to run like a hamster on my vacay when I'm walking everywhere.The room service from the restaurant downstairs (L'Aromate) is prompt (but pricey as expected)! It took them 10-15min to deliver my food, and they were pretty tasty.My only gripe is the full size mirror. Mine has the fattening effect, or maybe I'm just in denial about my food consumption in Montreal. If that's the case, leave me alone. Thanks Jetsetter for the great deal!
5	I am smitten with this hotel!  It takes me around a hundred hours of browsing hotel reviews and making sure the one I choose is priced well, clean, safe, and quiet - before I click purchase.  The reviews for Le St. Martin were consistently strong throughout every review and travel site, and now I know for myself, exactly why.First off, I got a fantastic deal through hotels.com, and used a coupon code from retailmenot for an additional 10% off.  Second, this hotel is in an excellent location if you are visiting Montreal and want to see all of the main attractions.  If not within decent walking distance, you can hop on the Peel Station metro (which is literally, a skip away..   One block down, but the block is SMALL and extremely safe), and it gives you the green line which takes you to other stations if you need to get on the Orange line..  and that is only a few metro stops itself) - or take the bus from the corner of Maisonneuve and McGill.  Rue McGill is a block down.  From the airport, you can the 747 bus that drops you off a couple of blocks south of Maisonneuve, on the corner of Rene Levesque and Peel.  It's the same way back to the airport.  You can purchase a daily metro card from the airport for $7 (or was it $8?), and you're good for 24 hours from the moment you scan it on the bus.  I ended up buying a 3 day pass later on, but that's another story.  Anyway, it's about a 25 min or so ride to/from the airport, and both times I was around rush hour.  When you arrive in the hotel lobby, you're greeted by very welcoming bell hops and reception desk.  It's a small lobby, but very pristine, and there's a fireplace to the corner - and the bar/bistro behind.  I had no issues checking in.  I like that your room card/key is also what allows you to click on your floor level whilst on the elevator.  For example, if you are on the 10th floor, you swipe your key/card and then the "10" will activate if you click it.  No other floor will.  An excellent addition to safety.I had paid in full prior to arriving, so it was a simple few moments and I was off to my room.  The hallways have speakers/music which is quite nice during the day, but it's on 24 hours.  I'd suggest they turn it off between 11pm and 6am, because it can slightly be heard in the room, especially if it's a song with strong instrumentals! :)  I'm a light sleeper, so this probably wouldn't concern others much.You walk into the room, and greeted with a decent amount of walking space, an immaculately clean and modern bathroom (granite countertop, a wood vanity with open shelving underneath, a large shower, and overall a very spacious bathroom).  The shower has wooden blinds on the other side of the glass, leading towards the bedroom itself, and they can be shut for privacy if need be.  I was on my own and so there was not any matter over that.  They provide you with lots of fresh towels, and also a bath robe and bath slippers in the closet!  The toiletries they provide are from Italy.  I did not ever hear of the brand, but the bar soaps smell nice.  The rest are a tad strong/masculine.The bedroom itself is spacious, and I had a nice view of Maisonneuve, although I was high up (which I wanted).  My room was with one king bed and perfectly wide and comfortable.  The only issue for me was that something in the room or from the springs in the bed, made a light clicking noise all night.  Actually the other issue was that the bed was not 100% comfortable.  Don't get me wrong, it's a new and clean bed, but not the best sleep I've had in a hotel.  The pillows are abundant, and I believe they could be down-filled, as they sounded a bit crunchy.  You get four pillows with the King, two standard and two long ones.  Again, not the most comfy, but that's just my own preference, because the quality seemed great.  The room also has a work desk and chair, and it's extremely convenient that the outlet for the power cord, and everything else, is in a compartment *on* the desk, rather than under the desk against the wall.They leave you with two complimentary water bottles on your bedside table.  The wine and everything else in plain view, has a fee.  The TV is an LCD, although I probably only turned it on once for the weather.  For those who may want this information: There is a floor to length mirror, a closet with hangers, iron/board, hairdryer, soaps, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, shower cap, Keurig coffee machine and coffee, bath robe, slippers, towels galore, great pressure showerhead (stand up shower, not a bathtub in this room), black-out curtains, water, and oh.. FREE WIFI!  That is always a plus, as not all hotels will offer this.  It's also very easy to connect to.  It requires two pieces of simple information and you're logged in for 24 hours and just need to re-login each day of your stay. Service:  You won't find better!  Daily housekeeping and meticulously clean.  Staying here again, for sure!
4	My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon and we were not disappointed. It was super cool and modern without feeling too trendy. We also took advantage of the deal through hotels.com and we're so glad we chose this place!From our fourth floor fireplace suite, we could see the Peel Metro stop across the street. That was really convenient. It's also right around the corner from Rue St Catherine- a busy shopping area (which has one of my personal faves- LUSH!) complete with restaurants. We were able to walk to breakfast every morning as well as the Musee des Beaux-Arts. Since it's downtown, it's not quite as a traditional tourist location as Old Montreal, but all that is accessible via the Metro or a cab ride. The room itself was really comfy. The bed was cozy and soft and the bathroom was big with a tub to die for. There was a "wall" of sliding wooden slats that separated the bathroom from the rest of the room so you could open that up if you wanted. I made sure to visit LUSH and pick up some fun bath products and took advantage of that tub! The staff was very helpful- one of the valets even escorted us down to our car to retrieve some things even though you could tell he didn't want to. Then he disappeared before we could tip him! We didn't end up eating at the hotel restaurant. It looked way overpriced.We would definitely stay here again on our next visit to Montreal (which I hope is sooner rather than later!).
5	What a gorgeous hotel! I'll admit it, I usually skimp when it comes to hotel accommodations while on vacation. My thinking that if I am on vaycay, I am going to spend the least amount of time possible up in my room. I don't know if I could go back to that frame of thought though after staying at such an upscale hotel. Le St-Martin is beautiful on the inside and out. The crackling fireplace was always going, warming up the luxurious lobby where leather couches welcomed you to take a load off from a day of pounding the pavement. Chandeliers and a spiral staircase add touches of elegance ti this 5 star hotel.The staff was always friendly and willing to help give directions or recommendations. Each member being professional and affable our entire stay. The rooms were glorious! The decor was sophisticated and cozy, and the beds were decked out with the plushy, warm down comforters and pillows that made nap time an everyday must. Even the basic room had a huge whirlpool tub and double sinks, perfect for two girls! The room had a Keurig coffee maker, but lacked any creme or sugar. However, if you happen to be in your room later in the afternoon, someone will come knocking on your door to offer you tea or coffee and you can always request the proper accouterments from reception if need be. Free wifi is a great added plus, as is the close proximity to the Metro Station (Peel or McGill). Le St-Martin Hotel is right in the heart of activity, close to shopping and downtown and great bars and restaurants. The gym is small, only one tredmill, one eliptical and one bike.. but heck, who wants to work out on vacation anyway?! The pool is also very small, as is the space, so if you are looking for a summertime hotel where a hit or miss is the availability to lounge by a pool, this might not be your spot. Late checkout is an added fee, but they are willing to hold your bags for you at no cost if you have time left to explore the city before departing. Highly recommended for couples looking for a romantic spot, friends on the get-away or a business traveler. I'd say not the best family spot or hotel for kids.
5	This boutique hotel is without question the BEST I've ever stayed in, and I've booked here twice. It's intimate, new, super chic and modern with a small but well designed pool. The rooms are top notch, regardless of your particular room specs. The customer service here is also second to none. It was around 11pm or so when I asked the front desk what time the pool closed. I believe he said 10pm, then winked at me and said that he didn't mind that we hopped in anyways. What a way to treat a guest!!! We had a GREAT TIME enjoying the pool after hours, and it made us feel as if it was exclusively booked for us for the remainder of the night. I even burned one freely with me and my lady (at the time). That's what I call a vacation baby.I ABSOLUTELY LOVE MONTREAL- Old and New - the smell, the people, the French influence, everything. Le St Martin Hotel helps make my annual trip an absolute blast.Go Bruins!*Beantowns Finest*
5	Favourite hotel in Montreal, hands down. As a frequent female business traveller, I visited quite a few hotels before settling on one that would become my regular - and Le St Martin it is! Love the modern black and cream decor, conveniences like the Keurig coffee maker and a fridge that I can put my own drinks in, the beautiful shower (incl plush robe, and high end toiletries), comfy beds and pillows, and techie touches (TV, radio/dock, touch lamp). Oh, and definitely their superstar customer service. Wish the restaurant would have a few more simple selections for dinner after a long day at the office, but the breakfasts are fantastic!
5	This is by far one of the nicest hotels I have stayed at....I stayed in a suite and had nothing but top notch service and it's located right in the heart of where you want to be....Great bar, great food.... nothing but the best with this place! I will be back soon!
4	It's an attractive hotel with excellent staff.  The attached bar is expensive, of course, but the breakfast is incredible in the morning.I had no trouble throughout my visit with the exception of one relatively minor point.  Apparently the person in the room prior to me had helped themselves to some minibar popcorn (the minibar is really just an open plate of snacks, and someone comes in once a day to take stock of the plate) and due to some accounting error, they were never charged for the missing popcorn, and it was never replaced.  So guess who got charged for it when the woman came to take inventory after my arrival.  Yeah.It wasn't a major problem though, since it required no effort at all to have the charge removed.Everything else about the hotel is top notch, and the location is excellent -- walking distance from... well, walking distance from more than you could possibly see in only one visit.  I'm coming back again, for fun rather than business next time.  If I can swing the cost without my company footing the bill, this is where I'll stay.
1	Stay Away!!! Not sure what any of these people who reviewed this hotel are talking about. I had the worst experience of my life at this hotel. The staff was rude and thought my friends and I couldn't afford a place like this.I have travelled all over the world and I would rather sleep on the street than stay at this hotel again!
5	I have been meaning to write a review about this amazing hotel for a few weeks now. I stayed here for several days and can say it is one of the nicest and most chic hotels I have ever been to and gave me a great impression of beautiful Montreal. The rooms were clean and elegant and the staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel itself is well-located in the busy Centre-ville section of Montreal literally one minute from the Peel metro station and TONS of shopping. I'll let the travelers decide for themselves, but the main things I thought stood out:1) GORGEOUS albeit small lobby with the most beautiful creative floral arrangements, changed every few days. Those things must be expensive, but they really looked amazing! 2) Super friendly hotel staff, not annoyed that we didn't speak French like some other Montreal natives we encountered. The people at the front desk as well as the doormen were so accommodating and gracious. 3) A bathroom unlike any other, as seen in some of the pictures. Instead of a wall between the shower and bedroom, there are wooden panels THAT OPEN FROM THE BEDROOM, not the bathroom. In essence, that means that someone from the bedroom can simply open them and watch someone in the shower. I imagine that could be quite romantic in some sense, but it just made us laugh and go "what the....?"4) Beautiful little restaurant where we had breakfast and delicious cappuccinos. We were in a hurry, and they were very quick. 5) Fresh fruit in every hallway replaced daily, and a complementary food and beverage cart that visits the rooms nightly offering soda and snacks. Keurig machine and complementary k-cups for quick coffee every day. So nice and unexpected.This hotel is a gem and a definite must if you want to stay somewhere upscale with a practically perfect location.
5	Spent the night here on the way up to Montreal, beautiful place. Best part was the fresh ground coffee in the morning. Grab a cab and go to The Lab for some unique drinks
2	Hotel is located in a great spot - very close to the Metro. Unfortunately, our experience did not meet our expectations. The A/C in our room was not working - after multiple calls to the front desk and people coming up to "fix" our A/C we had a terribly uncomfortable first night. The next morning my husband went downstairs to speak to someone and change rooms and the staff had no idea that we had been having problems. Once we explained the situation again - we were provided with a new room with working A/C for the second night. My husband asked what the hotel would be doing to compensate for our first night and was told that no manger was available at the moment but that they were sure a discount would be provided. When we checked out - we again had to bring up the A/C story as once again no one had made a note in our file. The manager on duty promptly came over at our request - however again had no idea about our problems during the first night stay and couldn't actually compensation without checking in with upper management. We had to pay for both nights - no discount and he told us that he would be in touch with us once his boss was out of a meeting. TERRIBLE customer service - if you cannot react to a clients immediate needs you do not understand customer service. The hotel should have had managerial staff on site in order to be able to OK these situations. We left the hotel and were suddenly chased down by the on-site manager who called us back into the hotel and provided us with a gift certificate for a future nights stay. Once again - this was not what we were looking for in terms of retribution - not to mention it expires in 6 months and we are well over a 6 hour drive from this hotel. This on-site manager told us he would follow up via email to discuss further..... we are still waiting for his email almost one month later. TERRIBLE customer service. - the staff at the reception counter were friendly, professional and helpful and offered us water for the long drive back as she could see we were not pleased. Much appreciated. -rooms were new and decent sized-good views from the hotel rooms-excellent outdoor pool
4	I had an excellent stay here.  The front desk speak both French and English and are very helpful.  The hotel is close to the metro and in the middle of town.  They have a cart that comes to your room in the late afternoon with lots of free goodies!!!!  The pool and gym are small.  The gym only has one treadmill, one bicycle, and one elliptical.  At least that was free.  They should have made the pool a water fountain instead.  At least you can hang out there and have your snack and/or drinks.  It was kind of annoying you had to go to one floor to get your ice.  It is also cool there are lots of places you can walk to.
5	This place was simply amazing. I found them through their deal on Groupon. Our valet parking was included but initially they thought it was not. They had no problem looking further into it and letting us know that they were in fact mistaken. The valet was an awesome young man and very helpful. He was eager but not overbearing. The front desk staff was knowledgeable of the area. The location of this hotel is awesome. It's close to many restaurants and shops. The Metro is also right across the street. We were able to park our car and not drive at all until we were ready to leave. We walked to the Montreal Museum of Contemporary Art, Old Montreal, the Old Port, and many restaurants. The gym and pool are cute but not really that usable. The pool is really just something to look at...it's one lane...literally. the gym is a tiny space and I'd be afraid to use the equipment...lol. I would definitely go here again and again.
4	Elegant and classy place in the heart of Montreal's "Golden Square Mile". Expensive as all downtown hotels are but apparently they sometimes have special deals. The location is great, with a metro station across the street and many nightlife hot spots (Cresent St., Rue Ste. Catherine) within walking distance. Staff was extremely professional. Would stay here again.
5	We got two standard rooms for a weekend stay in Montreal and couldn't have asked for a better hotel. From the second we pulled up to valet to check out it was a fabulous experience. Didn't get to check out the pool, but the gym was on our floor and it was small but very nice, new machines. The rooms were clean, bathrooms were large enough for all the girls to get ready and the beds were very comfortable. Around 8pm on Saturday a lady passed through with a complimentary snack cart which was a very nice touch. The hotel was centrally located for us, just above st Catherine with lots of shopping if that's what you're looking for. I would absolutely stay here again!
4	This hotel, a little Valentine's Day treat we gifted ourselves, is an awesome establishment.Not only were the staff super courteous and easy to deal with, but our room was phenomenal. Windows from ceiling to floor spanned the entire room (Verriere room - stay in that one!) and gave a cool view over Maisonneuve. Despite being in the heart of downtown, we heard nothing from the street which was a pleasant surprise.The bathroom was beautiful as well and had double sinks with a gorgeous jet tub. A nice surprise came along around 6 pm where free snacks were being offered to the guests (sodas, juice, chips, etc) - I found this to be a nice touch!All in all, a great hotel.. Possibly one of my favorites in Montreal so far!! Stay here - I promise you won't regret it.
1	I don't usually write bad reviews. about once a year I end up somewhere I feel deserves it though.  this one is it. I stayed with a large group. we had about 25 rooms. I have never heard so many complaints about staff being rude and  unaccommodating in our party... it was almost comical.  the hotel is great but if u want to be treated like shit, this is ur spot. maybe some people like that.  maybe we didn't look or speak the part of such a French boutique... oh well. there are much better spots for next time.
2	OK where to begin?The good:  the rooms are nice and the beds are comfortable. The not so good:  overall, it's a waste of money.  Over $350 per night.  The elevators are set up so you have to swipe your card to access your floor.  However, if you're on the 2nd or 3rd floor and not the first person on the elevator, then expect not to get off on your floor on the way up.  The scanner is very slow and the elevator very fast.  Not a good combo.  Wake up call at 5 am so I can make my flight?  Well I got it bit at 4:45 am.  Not so good for a jet lagged traveler wanting that extra 15 minutes of sleep. Guess I'll sleep on the plane. And that internet?  Yeah, the first night took me over an hour and two calls to the front desk to get anything.  Plus the front desk had to call a technician. Twice. You may wonder why the bell hops wear pith helmets?  Because you have to fight through a jungle of plants to get to the front door.  Seriously, those blessed grasses in the planters cut my arms each and every time I entered or exited. Tis merely a flesh wound so no worries.  But don't plan on actually getting inside if you're on crutches or in a wheelchair. Lastly, bring your own toiletries.  I think the soap is 100% lye. I've had better in a Motel 6.The final verdict?  It's probably better than some hole in the wall but I cannot recommend it. The bed was comfortable enough that it kept me from giving it one star.  Otherwise not impressed at all.
4	Le St. Martin Hotel Particulier is a very nice luxury boutique hotel. We stayed in room 904 from 22 July to 27July 2014 ( still checked in at the time of this review ). The room type we booked is the Verriere Suite. It has huge windows that span the length of the room over looking Boul. de Maisonneuve. The room was a little smaller than it looks on the pictures on the website, but over all it is a good sized room. The bedroom area had a fire place with a small chair and ottoman. It would have been nicer to have a second chair and a small coffee table or something so we could sit together to have coffee or do some work. The bed was super comfy and luxurious! It was hard to get up and out of it every morning because it was so fantastic! There was plenty of storage space so we could fully unpack our luggage. The closet is not huge, but we brought our own hangers from home and made it work. The bathroom was a gem! The real icing on the cake for me. The tub was so huge I could almost take a swim and the shower head had great water pressure. There is also a TV in the bathroom which was great! I could watch CNN every morning from the comfort of the bathtub! The counter had his and hers sinks which was very helpful in the mornings, I only wish there were some shelves to store toiletries and makeup. Our counter was literally covered with stuff because there was no space and that was a little hard to navigate. There is a magnified makeup mirror near the counter which was very helpful, however the lighting in the bathroom is not the greatest - but I make it work. There is a small desk area with outlets and a reading lamp which served as a great place to research activities and restaurants during our stay. Housekeeping did a great job every morning, save for a few inconsistencies. Some mornings the coffee mugs/supplies were left in the bathroom and not where they originated near the coffee maker. Also, a lot of mornings the had soap was not replenished. For two days we had only a sliver of soap which was a bit ridiculous. Over all this was a great stay! Customer service was super helpful in allowing us to store a bicycle in the luggage room although it was against protocol. My boyfriend is a cyclist and having unlimited, immediate access to his bike is crucial for him. We greatly appreciated the front desk accommodating us on that! I would most certainly stay here again! No major complaints from me!
4	Well located, clean hotel with friendly staff. Parking available for about $20 a day, and there's a nice, warm little outside pool worth visiting. If you get a good deal it's a great option.
5	Great hotel!! Very nice rooms and staff was very accommodating ! Definitely will stay here again when I visit Montreal
5	Beautiful hotel! Prime location! Friendly staff! Top two hotels in Montreal if not the best!
