3	Good pie, cold on delivery everytime, but heated up its excellent.  They should deliver before 4PM.  The Calzone and Stromboli are amazing!  Overall good pizza for Charlotte!
1	Do Not Ever Go There... The reply I got from the staff was not like a NYC place of business... They hung the phone up... They deserve what they get.... Nothing
5	I've been here several times. It is one of the best authentic pizza places I've found in the area. If you're looking for Pizza Hut, go there. If you're looking for New York style pizza, this is the place to go in Harrisburg. The eggplant is also awesome. Like with any independent shop they do sometimes run out of things and lack the slick efficiency of a large chain--but it's well worth it.
4	I love the lunch special.  Around 5 bucks for 2 hot slices and a drink.  Nice foldable pizza. The way NYC pizza should be.
5	With Richie back running this place, the pie, the cannoli, and garlic knots are awesome.  It had another owner who was never there and whose employees thought a pizza pie should be EXTRA crispy, as in burnt to a black crisp!  If there are any bad reviews of this fine pizza place, they were from the time when Richie didn't run it.   If you live in Harrisburg and know anything about what REAL pizza should taste like, you have to try NYPD.  This is once again the best pie in the Burg!  For a native New Yorker like me, having Richie back slinging pies is like when I was little and the local pizza joint felt like an extension of my own family.
4	Some friends recommended this place to me as the best thin crust, NY style pizza in Charlotte. I got my hopes up, only to be slightly disappointed. The pizza itself should get 3.5 stars. The toppings were great. The amount of sauce and cheese was perfect. The problem for me was the crust. It was not thin, foldable or chewy. It was a bit too thick; straight out of the oven had a lot of crunch but then softened up a bit by the time I got home. I like the two guys running the place. They were no nonsense, but they greeted regulars by name. The garlic knots were inedible, in my opinion. But at $1.75 for 5, it was not a huge loss. Although it was disappointing, this pizza is definitely good enough to eat again.
5	Best pizza on the area. We love pizza and we have been trying all the pizza joints around the university area for the last 8 years and finally NYPD is the BEST  NY style pIzza of the area. The owner is very dedicated to make a good pizza and every pie is delicious. If you like NY style pizza them you have to give it a try.
3	Good slice but nowhere near the quality that Richie had created here.  Still light years ahead of Pizza Hut slop (still baffled that people go there), but not as good as it was. I like their 2 slice lunch special.
