3	They made me an offer I couldn't refuse: a decent calzone in Scotland.  Now I've heard this is a mediocre chippy at best, but they have a real pizza oven, and I'd been told by a friend that they make a "really good" calzone.  I'm a bit of a pizza snob, and I won't tell you it's amazing, but for what it was (a mushroom, onion, and sausage calzone) it was decent, even good.  The crust was crunchy on the outside, if a bit doughy.  The sauce was tangy, but maybe a bit too much oregano.  The portion was gargantuan (they have a larger one!), and it was heavily cheesed.  But overall I'd say it was good, not great.
4	This is a really decent chippie, and a great local to have. The fish is all fried fresh, and the portions are really generous.Fish and chips shops need to be rated and enjoyed in their own sphere of "good vs bad". Bad are those places where they mass produce and serve on main high streets, where the food sits under heat lamps, dries out and most of the customers are too drunk to realise that it's like eating cardboard. Don't forget the soggy chips.Really amazing fish and chip shops are those that are situated on the coast, you can take your grandma too for lunch and whilst it's still deep fried, it's fresh and light and crisp and wonderful.The Codfather, on top of having a wonderfully punny name, is on the 'good chippie' side of things, yet still a late-night joint where you wouldn't take your grandma for lunch, but you would go if you were still sober or wanted a mid-week cheeky fish supper. The batter is still pretty thick, but it's fresh and crispy, and the fish is SO fresh and the portions are large and delicious.Highly recommended, and I only wish I was no longer GF...
3	Indian take away and chippy rolled into one. Interesting ....... we had some great reports of this place from friends both in terms of the chippy food and the curry. The shop itself is in two parts one your standardish looking chippy and the other a kebab and curry counter. The chippy food looked pretty good and my friend eats here regularly so it must be to have repeat custom. We were in for Indian treats this evening so I will focus on the Curry kings or codfather 2. The menu is pretty varied and had some of our favourites, we opted for the veggie madras and a garam masala. Extras were boiled rice, cheese/chilli nan and a large mushroom pakora. The food is cooked up fresh in front of you as you can see though to the kitchen. The mushroom pakora was a particular highlight, you get loads of it there must have been 20+ bits and it tasted amazing. The curries were nice overall  and the cheese/chilli nan was interesting. Food wise thumbs up I well recommend the options we tried.The only down side was the staff to be honest. There was an atmosphere when we came and this didn't fade throughout our wait. Kind of like when your parents have had an argument and you walk in the room afterwards. On a number of occasions I felt that folks were being a bit short with us for no reason. It wasn't bad I guess just not what i was expecting.
