5	Today I took my granddaughters to Michelle at Skin Glo Studio for their first facials.  The oldest one is nearly 14 and has recently begun to show signs of congestion and clogged pores around her nose and forehead. She received an excellent facial and Michelle provided her with the knowledge she needs to continue to care for her skin properly at home.  Michelle was professional and skilled while being nurturing and sensitive to the needs of a young teenager. We will definitely be returning for further treatments. The younger girls, 8 and 10, also received Signature Facials and an introduction to proper skin care. They were pampered and when we left their beautiful little faces glowed with lovely hydrated skin and pretty pink cheeks. They LOVED it! I couldn't recommend Michelle more highly.  I'm looking forward to my own appointment with her!
5	The place is a nice, clean, and inviting environment.  Michelle did an excellent job on my facial. It was relaxing and felt great! One of the best facials I have ever had. I am definitely coming back here again.  I can tell Michelle truly cares about her clients and their skin needs.
5	Michelle has made a huge difference in my skin. Not only was my facial great, but she educated me on my skin problems. With the help of a couple products she recommended, I now know how to treat my skin and blemishes!
5	I had a wonderful surprise with this purchase, I bought a living social voucher for the first treatment and I love it, as first time client she honored the promotional price for two more treatments that I also enjoyed so much. I recommend this place is really nice and Michelle it's really good, and you can tell she knows what she is doing since the beginning and take really good care of her clients. I'm glad I found this place I will definitely make it my primary.
5	Had a very relaxing and thorough facial/micro. Will definitely be going there from now on. Highly recommended
5	Michele did a fantastic job when I saw her for a facial and microdermabrasion .  She uses products that are non irritating to sensitive skin and they smell fantastic!  I drove from central Mesa to see her and would have gladly driven from Scottsdale, Tempe or Chandler.
5	Had eyelash extensions with Brie.  Couldn't be happier.  She took her time and was meticulous.  Really paid attention to detail.  Not to mention very friendly and easy to talk to.  The lashes are soft and natural looking.  It looks like I was born with fabulous lashes and they don't scream fake.  Four weeks later and they're still going strong and look great.  Looking forward to my next visit.  Won't go anywhere else.
5	Rave reviews for this local business!  Booking was easily done online, for me this included next day, (on a Sunday), with a variety of times to chose from.  The staff was professional and the office was clean and well decorated.  Nikki did a wonderful and thorough job with my oxygen facial :) My skin feels soft and radiant!
5	FABULOUS first visit to Skin Glo, with Michele doing my eyelash extensions to the exact shape and look I desired!  The lashes are absolute perfection and convenience for my son's upcoming wedding.  I have booked a refill appt, as well as an appointment for a facial and massage.  I think Skin Glo and I are going to be good friends.  ;-)
5	Awesome Awesome Awesome!! Michelle, thank you so much for the amazing facial and microdermabrasion. It was my first one and I was a bit nervous and she made me feel right at ease. My skin feels wonderful and I loved it so much I purchased a bundle pack so I could go again and again. She has a first time customer discount and her rates are beyond reasonable. Thanks again!
