4	A coworker and I ventured over to the new diner for lunch today. Instead of the standard lunch time fare, we both chose to go with breakfast for lunch, and we were both glad with our decision. The outrageous breakfast sandwich is just that, outrageously good. The toasted Mancini's bread with a fluffy egg, cheese and your choice of meat hit the spot. I went with bacon, and was rewarded with a delightful marriage of bacon, egg and cheese. I also got a side of shredded potatoes as they are called on the menu, and requested they be covered in cheese. Overall a great lunch. Will certainly be back for more delicious affairs of food.
1	Awful. I ordered the breakfast burrito, and after waiting (for way to long), when it came, it came with steak inside which i did not order (as a vegetarian) and which they also charge your two extra dollars for.  They waitress nicely replaced my meal (to-go, since everyone I was with had already finished eating) and also gave me a $5 gift card.  When we were paying however, we were "sassed" by another waitress who would not let us pay with a debit card because of their $10 minimum policy.  After explaining to them, that our meal would have been well over $10 had they not messed it up, our paying with a debit card would not be a problem.  She finally went ahead and charged the card and when she returned it, proceeded to rudely lecture us about how they only just opened and that's why the service was slow, and that thy wouldn't make these kinds of allowances for us again in the future.  Long wait time, received an incorrect order, and received bad customer service.
1	My husband and I stopped in for breakfast this morning. We were in a bit of a hurry with 45 minutes to spare. I ordered eggs benedict with the "meat on a separate plate" for my husband.  As I explained to the waitress, I'm a vegetarian and did not want the meat to touch the other food. Our order arrived 20 minutes later with the eggs on top of the meat. I asked the waitress to re-fire the order and wrap it to go since I wouldn't have time to eat. The rush reorder took another 20 minutes - the same time as the original.  I would have appreciated a discount or at least a real apology since I had to sit and watch as my husband ate, but that wasn't the real complaint.  My reorder was still wrong!!  This time the meat was thrown on top of the entire meal! 40 minutes waiting, and I still didn't have anything to eat.
3	I bet it gets better, but first round, they've put a great amount of focus on the dinner decor and not enough on the food.  I got the BLT.  Two slices of bacon?  That's is?!And I wanted to try some of the items from Diner's Drive in's and Dives, but also it had a special section on the menu, which made it less special!I will go back and try some other things, but I'd say, avoid any non "specials," they're just weak.
3	This was my second trip to the diner, and I was skeptical after my initial visit left me disappointed with both the food and the service.  But I have to admit that the kinks seem to be ironed out and the food was MUCH better and our waitress was prompt and even smiled once she new we used words like please and thank you :) The mixed grill was great and a portion big enough to split.  Blueberry pancakes were also delicious, and if im in the mood for a classic diner, I'd definitely return!
4	So I read the iffy reviews and we decided to go anyways. I am a fan of diners, and did not have high expectations. So caveats aside, I enjoyed my breakfast. We both ordered the eggs, potato, meat deal and also shared an order of the blueberry pancakes. The shredded potatoes were delish -- I've missed what I call these - Hashbrowns! The pancakes were huge and the blueberries obviously fresh. The service was fast, friendly and efficient.It seems to me that the issues the diner was having before have been sorted out. I'll go back.
4	I really enjoyed the pumpkin pancakes, which were massive and fluffy. I don't know what service is like at the tables, but sitting at the counter everything came out rapidly. Our coffee cups were always brimming, our food flew out of the kitchen, and everything was delicious. If you dig diner food, and aren't intimidated by lady servers with neck tattoos, put this place in your date book. Killer homefries!
1	Disgusting.I've been to Kelly O's twice.  The first time the food was anything special - so I decided to give them a second chance.  I order the Eggs Benedict.  I received a plate with raw potatoes, over cooked eggs, and yellow syrup that they claimed was Hollandaise sauce.  I sent the dish back.  On the second attempt I asked them to leave off the Hollandaise.  This time I received cold potatoes and undercooked fried eggs - the whites of the eggs were mostly clear.I asked the waitress why the eggs were fried (if you can it that) instead of poached.  At that point she decided to lecturer me about their kitchen, the cooking methods of their chief, the speed of the wait staff, etc. etc.
3	Food was good and price was right.  The service was prompt and friendly.    Nothing bad to say, but nothing that really made it stand out as great.   It is a place I would visit again
3	First time here, typical diner, we had one brand new waitress and one who's been there for a while ... When you order please  be sure they hear your order because mistakes tend to occur! Breakfast was typical didn't like the bacon,Very fatty,Shoulda had it cooked well done! Ordered no butter on the toast and it came with butter, had to send it back... but by the time the toast came out eggs became cold! Didn't like that..    But overall not to bad !
3	Very average breakfast. Canned hash?  Really?Most uncomfortable booths that I have ever sat in.Boring interior, uninteresting decor.Very clean dining area. Nice clean bathrooms.2 eggs, hash, toast, coffee...$9.00
3	This was a first time experience for me. I thought it was a good breakfast. You get lots to eat for a small amount of money. The servers were excellent, super friendly and willing to get you anything you need. Great old fashioned atmosphere. Dislikes- uncomfortable seating in the booths. I do not like the fact that they have real orange juice freshly squeezed.
2	This place was on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. That's the best thing you can say about it.  Had breakfast here; hash and eggs. Eggs ok, hash out of a can and served cool. Coffee,  which should be superb in this locale is below average.  Heck, the Waffle House is better than this.  Eat here if it's the only place open.
3	Average, not terrible nothing to great either.  Last time I was there I had the hot roast beef.  Can't recall it being anything to spectacular.  I also had the Burger, again, nothing to write home about.  Cute inside, definitely screams diner.  Our waitress had a little attitude but maybe that is the atmosphere they were going for, like Flow at Mel's Diner.  Kiss My Grits!
5	Awesome! I recommend the Vegetarian Eggs Benedict.
2	Awful, awful, just plain awful!! We were expecting a much better experience since every other restaurant we have been to that was featured on diners drive-ins and dives has been amazing. I ordered the breakfast tacos because a good breakfast taco is a marvelous thing... Not this time! My plate showed up with two flour tortillas fresh out of the package with about a 6 egg scramble dumped on top! I have never seen so much egg in one order before! No cilantro, chorizo, or anything of flavor or color..! Very disappointing. My husband got the haluski and it was the featured dish. It was better than my tacos but nothing to bring us back. This diner needs to spend some time and money on improving the food and less on stamping 'as seen on DDD' on all the glassware, china, napkins and walls!!
3	I had Gregory Scott's Favorite for breakfast. It was a very classic sausage gravy and biscuits with eggs and shredded potatoes, nothing too fancy. Our server was very attentive and made us laugh. The atmosphere was great not too loud and not too crowded. I live about 8 minutes away in Lawrenceville and will definitely be returning.
4	I stopped in for lunch today with friends from work. The staff was very nice and remembered a few of the crew I was with. Nice touch. I went with the meatloaf sandwich and fries covered with gravy. The gravy might have needed some more spunk to it but I enjoyed it.
4	Been here about 5 times and each time was wonderful. The crab eggs Benedict is the bomb.com...The service is ok , and the prices are ok, but the food is good ...ohhh and Guy Feiri has been there so that's a plus in my book
5	I'm guessing people from Pittsburgh are super picky about their diners.  Being from the South, you don't generally find a whole lot of places like these that aren't massive chain stores. So when I'm in different parts of the country, I make it a point to stop into almost every place that Guy Fieri visits. Out of the 40-odd places I've visited, I've not raved about one. This place will not make two. I arrived after the big breakfast rush, but before the lunch crowd arrived. The place wasn't packed, all three of the waitresses were super helpful, my coffee stayed hot and fresh, and they made certain that I knew what I was doing when I ordered. I ordered the Gregory's Favorite, and the biscuits and white sausage gravy were almost as good as my grandmother's. The eggs were perfectly scrambled, the hash was covered in peppers and onion, and I barely got the word "hot" out of my mouth before the waitress flashed three bottles of hot sauce at me and let me pick one. I took photos and mailed them back to my Army buddies, and the string of curse words hurled my direction made the food nearly perfect. Nothing like jealousy to make a visit perfect. Long story short, if you avoid the super-packed times, this place is worth the word of mouth spread about it. The food is plentiful, the staff was excellent, and I look forward to dragging the boys in sometime and listen to them validate my thoughts - that this place was GOOD!!
4	Classic diner fare, quick service, easy accommodation for a member of our party who has a wheelchair. And I loved all the PGH classics like fried mush and French toast made with Mancini's bread.
5	Always great food and service from Kelly O's. Our server brandon is always on top of his game and the staff does a good job of flipping tables to sit people that are in a constant line waiting for a table. Kelly o's also has some of the best sausage gravy in the city and the most interesting omelets. Love it!! Please remember you are at a diner where the staff has been there since 4am and not a 5 star restaurant. Love Kelly o's and will continue to return.
5	This is a fantastic place for breakfast in Pittsburgh!  Just about everything here screams quality, variety, and great service.A few items:  Most of the clientele here is distinctly local.  While I was there, several groups of police officers and firefighters stopped by, some for just take-out service.  When you walk in the door, you can see it is well-lit, clean, and welcoming.  I was a single diner today, and I could not feel more welcomed.The menu is not overly-extensive (good!) and you can see they concentrate on things they do well.  Extremely fresh ingredients, not overly sauced or salted.  The Mancini Bread tastes amazing - it's a don't miss item and is served with most items.Service was very friendly and professional - they always kept an eye on me, and I wanted for nothing, but they NEVER intruded when it was clear that I was reading the paper.It is about 2 blocks past most of the more "hyped" areas in the Strip, so it gets way more local folks than the more touristy places like Deluca's, and there was NO line - just a very steady progression of what appear to be local customers.A great value with great food and service.
4	It is a diner in the Strip.  Staff is friendly, food is good.    They require a $9.00 minimum order for credit/debit cards.  Most menu items are in the $7 range.
3	During the course of  exploring the Strip District of the city I was looking forward to having a pub-style lunch somewhere in the area. Unfortunately, the place I was hoping to visit was closed on Sunday (should have checked the listing on yelp!). I walked into Kelly O's (which must be 180 degrees from a pub setting) to find a bustling diner filled with guests of all ages and descriptions. My server, Andrea, approached the table with 45 seconds and took my order. While tempted to have something from the Sunday extended breakfast menu, I opted for a cup of Turkey Pot Pie soup and "Classic" patty melt. The tasty soup arrived quickly and hot (and I mean HOT!) and included a nice piece of crust and chunk of turkey. The sandwich was also good (hot), rye bread perfectly toasted, good cheese melt and burger cooked to the temperature.In spite of the business levels and somewhat cramped quarters there was no level of chaos at Kello O's. Instead, servers moved about smoothly while delivering orders and every departing guest was warmly thanked for their visit. The patron mix ranged from children to folks well into their 80's. And, there was an obvious mix of "regulars" and first timers like me. Andrea was conversational, refilled my beverage without request and provided me with much appreciated information about the District. By the way, the place,including restroom, was remarkably clean which is saying plenty when considering the number of people that obviously went through the place. It's nice to visit a place that doesn't try to be "something they're not." The menu is straightforward and genuine, the food is "as promised," the staff is friendly and connected with their customers.  I'll likely visit again with friends and family.
4	Great food, great prices, great staff and a short wait.Limited parking though, but they do have a parking lot of their own, which is great in the strip dist.
5	Crab and asparagus omelette, best sausage omelette in the strip. Each meal under $10. Hard working wait staff and kitchen keep food flowing and little waiting for tables. Will be back. Often.
5	First visit to this great little diner today......the crab Benedict was laden with huge chunks of tasty crabmeat and accompanied by great hashed potatoes. Every item ordered at the table was perfect! The server was prompt and helpful and the place has that roadside diner ambiance although it's in the heart of the city. I'll be back in a few days, for sure.
4	I ended up here with my party of 6 for Sunday brunch after the other two places we stopped at along the way had more than an hour wait. No thanks. When we came into Kelly O's, although the tiny restaurant was crowded, there was no wait. Once I heard they were on DDD, I knew this would be good enough for me.Our waitress was pretty curt, but got the job done. She kept coffee filled, answered any questions we had about the menu, and cleared plates quickly.I can never eat a lot for breakfast, so I tend to order a couple of little things, and then pick off everyone else's plate. I ordered an English muffin and turkey bacon, and picked at the waffle my fiance ordered, and the Fresh toast my mom ordered. Everything was delicious! Prices were super affordable, too.By the time we left (around 11 a.m. or so), the place was packed, and there was a decent wait.I would definitely go back if in Pittsburgh again!
4	This was my second time at Kelly-O's. The first time wasn't that great, but this time was significantly better. I got the breakfast burrito and man was it awesome: stuffed full with cheese, eggs, and onions and peppers. My wife got the Seana's Favorites and was pleasantly surprised. Everything was cooked to order and to our liking. There was a line to get in, but it moved quickly. Definitely will come back.
4	I love Kelly O's! I've been here at least a half dozen times and will continue to come back due to their consistently awesome food and great service. I've had their chicken salad (which is HUGE and delish), their Haluski (a Pittsburgh favorite and one of the items featured on diners, drive ins and drives- sooo good! If you ask, you can order it in a half portion which is what I like to do! A half portion is still a ton) and this past weekend I ordered shawna's breakfast. This breakfast platter was your choice of either one pancake or French toast, eggs, bacon, and then a choice of either extra bacon, sausage links, sweet sausage or hot sausage. I ordered egg whites, French toast and sweet sausage with bacon strips too! All of that was under $8 and was super delicious! My boyfriend always gets the western omelette and loves it. Their home fries are house made (not frozen) and are awesome. They also serve Mancini's toast (a local favorite)! Kelly O's is the perfect place to go for breakfast on a Saturday or Sunday morning before a walk through the strip! I've never had to wait in any lines when arriving, which is a nice alternative to Deluca's (which is always packed). Friendly and fast service each time I went as well!
3	In recent months, I wrote about a comparison between The Dor-Stop and Pamela's, two popular breakfast diners here in the Pittsburgh region.  I have been hearing good things about Kelly O's in Pittsburgh's Strip District and invited my aunt for a Sunday gab session.  We were off to a good start at 9:30 and had a seat as soon as we arrived.  Promptly, a coffee was served and within 5 minutes our order was placed.  Then... it got super busy and people were seated all around us.  That is good, right?  Well, they also received their food before us even when our order was BEFORE theirs.  This went on for 25 minutes.  My aunt and I had a lot of catching up to do, so we were enjoying the outing.  However, we were getting hungry and this needed to be addressed.  The server immediately checked and mentioned that our order was submitted but somehow half of it disappeared off the handwritten slip.  The waitress was nice, but the excuse did not seem to make sense.  Regardless, our orders were placed again "on the fly" and we received them within 5 minutes of the complaint.  Now, the actual food.  I had a steak and cheese omelette which was good, served with potatoes (onions and peppers added for an extra cost).  It was extremely good and not overly greasy like some diner food can be at times.  In closing, it was a shame that the order fell through the cracks because the saving moment was that the quality of the food spoke for itself.  As we departed the extremely cute stand-alone building, there was a line out the door.  In my mind I thought, these folks will get a quality breakfast and everyone makes a few mistakes.  I will give this place a chance again, especially since they have a lunch menu that looked delicious.
3	We reluctantly ended up here since Pamela's wait was at least 45 minutes to an hour for our group of 6. Since we were all empty belly and had a kayak trip to look forward to - we decided to wait at Kelly's since there were only 2 folks before us waiting to be seated. The place was packed but luckily the only large table became available after waiting for about 10 min. or so.Despite the place being packed and busy - we were promptly served with coffee and our orders placed within few minutes. We all had something different from the Veggie Burrito, World Famous Breakfast, Steak and Eggs with biscuits/gravy. Pretty much all the breakfast had an option for either the potato fries or the shredded potatoes. The potatoes were good but I like the Pamela's more. Overall, the service was good - food was good and the service was much better than expected.Overall, a good alternate to Pamela's if you're in the strip.
4	Good sturdy breakfast with a friendly staff. The pumpkin pancakes are very good. I usually get the mixed grill with kielbasa and American cheese, and it's certainly a full plate.   The raisin toast is also very good, and they have grits!
4	Great breakfast!! I love their vegetarian eggs Benedict & pumpkin pancakes. The food is fresh & very good at Kelly O's. Service & prices are good and food comes out fast even though they are very busy. Free parking in their parking lot which is a huge plus for going down to the Strip District. Definitely recommend eating here for breakfast.
4	I went to the Kelly O's in the North Hills years ago and was so NOT impressed.  I tried Pamela's a month or two ago, and I was again so NOT impressed.  I gave up all hope on finding diner breakfast in Pittsburgh.  However, one morning I was meeting friends for breakfast, and we were looking for somewhere near work.  I figured why not give the original Kelly O's a chance?I played it safe and ordered the Don's Free Ride Omelette ($6.99) with Ham, Cheese, Tomato, and green peppers.  It also came with toast so I ordered rye.  I am not a potato eater and this was one of the only options without potatoes.  The omelette was packed full, and the price was super fair.  Our food came out quickly and service was fast but on the go friendly.  This is as close as you seem to get to diner style in Pittsburgh.Credit card minimum of $10 and there is a small parking lot where you can park for free!
5	I have been here several times... just in the past 4 months. ok I frequent the place and I consider myself a diner connoisseur of sorts!  One of the best Pittsburgh Diners in the city.  Pumpkin Roll Pancakes were the specialty this week!
3	I like the North Hills location just a little bit better, but this is nice, too.  I'm loving the free parking lot in the Strip, that's for sure!  The service was a little slow, but it turns out the server was just waiting for the rest of the group, which never showed.I had Raisin French Toast, something I've never had from Kelly O's before, so I can't compare it to the cooking at the original location, but it was the same generous portion I've come to expect from Kelly O's.  I loved the coffee, too; generous refills are always noted!  The rest of the table enjoyed their meals - clean plates all around.
4	Been here 2x for breakfast and 2x for lunch in last 2-3 months.Breakfast...had variety of different things.  I would stick with anything eggs and meat.  Had pancakes once and were a little "greasy" for me.  Portions are BIG.  If you leave full, shame on you.Lunch...fish sandwich - goodtuna melt - real good (friend had it - tasted it - yummy)burger club - good (tried zucchini fries with it which were real good and portion was HUGE)For what it is...diner, it is well worth the stop!!!
4	Had the breakfast burrito, it was awesome! Service was a tad bit slow. Coffee had a burnt taste to it.
