5	I I had bricked my phone and called my carrier, they said I would have to replace my broken phone that warranty would not cover it. I found Todd on Craigslist and within a half an hour he had my phone rooted and running. Can't thank him enough highly recommend his service
5	Todd at Android Performance is the best. He has rooted and repaired the software on multiple devices for me, always fast and affordable too. He fixes and does the job right the first time. I highly recommend Todd and Android Performance for all of your mobile needs, whether it be software or hardware related.
5	I highly recommend Todd and Android Performance to work on your Android device! I spent 6 months trying to fix a bootloader bypass issue on my LG G2 and could not fix it. Todd fixed the issue in just a few hours! Affordable and professional and the phone is working great! Great experience, thanks Todd!
5	Went here to root my phone,  and Todd was awesome! Helped me root several devices. He even helped unbrick an old DROID I was using for a paperweight! This is my go to now for DROID and tablet needs!
5	Was able to restore my LG G2 back to stock in about 30min. Would definitely recommend for any type of smartphone mods or fixes.
5	Todd at AP is great, brought a couple Chinese phones back to life for me. I never buy through the carrier, and with more and more device support overseas, it's nice to have walk-in, Apple Store-level service available for Androids at AP.
1	This place is horrible. Took an android and an iPhone to get the screen replaced and both have problems with the touch screen. The guy that actually makes the repairs is looking to Nickel and dime you for everything including 20 dollars for screws he forgot to put back. Horrible customer service. Save yourself the hassle and stress. Go to a pro because your phone won't work right and he doesn't guarantee any service at all. His excuse for everything "Apple is a pain in the neck, they are too smart."
1	STAY AWAY  -   I first found them on Craigslist when I needed a new LCD for my Galaxy S4.    First problem: (minor problem) When I arrived I was told that the price I was quoted over the phone was for cash only, and that the cost would be higher if I paid with credit card.   Although annoyed, I agreed to pay extra to put it on credit and I'm glad I did, as I'm now disputing the charge with my bank because of the second problem... Second problem: (major problem)As promised, Muhammed fixed my phone quickly and sent me on my way.     When I got home I tried typing on the screen and noticed there were spots that weren't working.   I called Muhammad and he told me the part was defective and that he'd replace it if I brought it back.    The next day I brought it back to Muhammad.    When I got there he told me he didn't have another new LCD in stock (did't mention this over the phone), but brought out a used phone and said he was going to replace the LCD he sold me with the one from this phone, he even pointed out that the bezel was in better shape than mine as selling point and told me he'd use the bezel and front from the used phone too.   Needing the phone fixed, having just driven halfway across town, and wanting to be accommodating, I agreed to allow him to replace the defective new part with a used part so long as it worked.   The used LCD worked for three days then just went black in mid use.   I called Muhammad immediately and explained what had happened.   His  response was that I must have broken it and he wasn't going to do anything.   He made this diagnosis over the phone and didn't ask to look at the phone or ask me to bring it back in.   I then took it to another store where they replaced the used LCD that Muhammad had installed.   When they gave me back the part Muhammad had installed they pointed out that the LCD that Muhammad had installed had some corrosion that was consistent with water damage and that the rest of my phone did not.    So basically, when the new part they sold me was defective, they replaced it with a used part that had water damage, then refused to stand behind it when it stopped working three days later.    Save the time and aggravation, go to a reputable store.
