5	I have been coming here for about 2 years now and I love it. Pastor Josh Teis gives solid and practical teaching straight from the Bible. Some of his messages are hard to swallow but need to be said (sometimes the truth hurts). The staff and congregation is always warm, welcoming, and genuine. They have tons of study groups, opportunities to minister to the people of Las Vegas, kids programs (my monkeys LOVE the Awana program). I will always come here on Sundays...and I try to get there for Wednesday night Bible study and Thursday morning ladies Bible study (sometimes work prevents that from happening). If you are looking for a feel good church that tells you whatever you want to hear...this isn't the church for you. If you want to hear what God has to say on life through the Bible then come to Southern Hills Baptist Church.
5	Have been in church all my life and this is by far my favorite.  The warmest church family- real people living in the real world and making real decisions.  The family atmosphere is great.  The preaching is so relevant and easy to listen to.  I love that the messages are Bible based.  It always seems to be just what I need.  The music and orderly service really help prepare my heart for worship. Also, as a mother, I appreciate the enthusiasm (and screening- you cannot be a teacher at this church without consenting to a background check- which is so important in this day and age when dealing with kids) of the teachers in the kids classes.  The nurseries are clean and well staffed- I've avoided a few nurseries and kids classes at other places, but these are great.  A great church- no matter what your religious background- I would highly recommend giving this church a visit.
5	My family & I have been church hopping for some time now. We have a strong belief in Jesus Christ as our savior & we've been praying to find a church to call home & helps us grow in our faith & walk with the Lord.After continuing to attend the service on Sunday mornings each week & taking some the foundation courses they provide for new church attenders, I feel like this might be the one my family & I have been praying for. There's a number of good churches & a number of bad churches out there in this city but you have to find the right one for you. On our 1st visit, we immediately were warmly welcomed by the church members. What brought us back the following Sunday was Pastor Teis's expressive, animated, comprehensible & passionate preaching about Jesus & focusing on the main source, the bible.  He stresses on God being the center of our life. They have small groups available & the pastor seems very open-minded & without judgement to give you advice based on the Holy Bible. I'm glad we found this place because I really feel it's a great church.
5	My family and I have attended Southern Hills Baptist Church since the doors were opened and we absolutely love it!  Pastor Teis has a brilliant way of explaining the Bible and its truth in a way we all can understand, and his humor, well you'll have to come check him out yourself you will love him. We have five children and there is something for all of them to be apart of. To a parent that is pretty important! The pastoral staff is amazing!! Their compassion & love for people is one of a kind something you can't find to much of any more....I would recommend this church to anyone in search of a fantastic place to worship our Lord and call home.
5	Bible believing church that doesn't  sway away from the bible, yet the pastor keeps the bible current on how it applies to today. Great music that doesn't take an hour, great people that are actually friendly and very helpful, has a teens church not just a room with toys, nursery is awesome always well staffed and there's even a kids church from1st grade to 6th grade that's always a blast,from what I've heard. And all there sermons are online if I forget to go.
5	I've been a Christian more than 60 years.Right - I'm an "old guy". Since coming here, the JOY of  of my salvation  is new again - every single time.Yes, the pastor is cool - but the CHURCH  (the people of ...........) are just amazing.  You can be a stranger here - maybe four seconds.  Then you're " family".Hard to describe.  Come see for yourself.
4	I have pretty much heard sermons on most of the Bible.  I felt pretty knowledgeable.  I was pleasantly surprised that the sermons, here, took my mind in other directions than I had thought before. My life has been enhanced by this new knowledge and point of view. The staff appear to be truly committed servants if God and that dedication shows. The music is wonderful as is the Women's Bible Study, Awanas for the kids and  the youth group is fabulous.  I gave the church a 4 star rating because of fellowship and small group Bible Study.  This is a rapidly growing church, as a result there are 3 Sunday morning services.  People change from week to week and it is difficult to make friendships there.  The small group bible study is dispersed but by far the majority of groups meet in the main sanctuary.  It leads to a lot of noise and disruption. Some of the groups are a bit cliquish, even if new members are there, there are several who have known each other for years. So there is a lot of inside chat and jokes. Also there is only 1 subject for the study...the current sermon notes. I would prefer a variety of subjects to choose from.  The bottom line is that this is a lovely, diverse, and expanding church.  If one wants to build friendships they must seek them out and get involved in outside activities.
