4	I'm a big fan of anything the Plus Minus Studio guys do. That includes Royal at the Market. When I heard Royal was opening a second location at the new Urban Grocery (the first has since closed), I was excited to have it just a few blocks away.The space doesn't disappoint. Although small, it is an excellent example of urban reuse. The wood features are recycled from old flatbed trucks. Some of Plus Minus' beautiful furniture is also on hand, really giving this little cove in the back of the market some character.Hayes and Co. brew strong yet smooth espresso drinks and Phoenix's best iced coffee. (I said it! Take that, Fair Trade!) The adjacent room is a nice spot to hang out. I'm excited to see what additions they come up with for this room, as I feel it can be a nice co-working spot for some of the downtown coffee faithful.
5	Yay - another indie coffee joint that's somewhat near work! Bonus, I can shop at the market at the same time. Well, sometimes. I usually go for coffee between 8:00 am and 9:00 am, and the market doesn't open until 11:00 am. But it happens once in a while.Anyway, you can tell that Royal takes their coffee very seriously. Often, they have the roaster going out front. If you order drip coffee, be prepared to wait. They brew it right then, one cup at a time.  But it's worth it. The espresso is also rich and delicious.  I made the mistake of going to back to Starbucks once, and the americano now tastes like ash in comparison. Royal has spoiled me!
5	This is my first review. I've been one to use yelp to help identify restaurants and services in cities I've visited. I figure it is time to contribute a bit back to the community.I live in the neighborhood and have lots of choices for coffee within a short walk. Royal is becoming my favorite because of quality of coffee, ambiance, and service. The coffee roasted on premise is always a plus to me. The depth and nuance of the coffee flavors is always a enjoyable regardless of the technique used to make the coffee. The space is small and seemingly ever changing with additions (and deletions) of seating, tables shelves and art. At first glance the space seems small and dark but In its own way the space feels comfortable. It is difficult to describe.   Royal is staffed with helpful perky people who seem to offer a smile or nice word regardless of how busy it is. Royal can be slow if it is busy but the patrons are interesting to speak to and the place has a unhurried vibe. If you stop by in the afternoon or evening it is especially pleasant. It is nice to have Royal in the neighborhood.
5	Yippee! My favorite little shop near home! I really should stop here on my way to work, as the places near work are not nearly up to par. The coffee here is much better and occasionally I even catch them while the beans are still roasting out front. The quality of the products and the service are hard to beat. The baristas will even take the time and effort to work a nice design into the foam.  I usually get my drinks to go, but the ambiance is great. They have become part of my Saturday morning routine, walk to the market, get my coffee/chai/cocoa and a stroll through the farmers/public market. What a way to enjoy a Saturday. [A note for first timers here, the entrance is on the West side of  The Phoenix Public Market, NW of the main Market entrance, It can be a little inconspicuous and since the market opens later than Royal, the locked Market door may deter some.]
5	my first ever yelp review.. and i could not think of starting anywhere but my favorite little coffee shop :) since it opened, royal at the market quickly became part of my daily routine. i have been a fan of hayes and his perfectly roasted beans since the original downtown location.. but i must admit that it was a bit out of the way.  now that it has relocated to the central phoenix market, it shines like a star in the former starbucks concrete wasteland.  hayes has an attention to detail that is reflected throughout the shop.. the beans, the brewing technique, the temperature, the design of the foam, the recycled cork coffee sleeves, the music, the lighting.. he even personally built the amazing space-saving hightop wooden table seating!if i HAD to think of something negative, there are lots of yummy sweet treats but i am a fan of savory stuff which is not always available.  oh and keep in mind that really great coffee may take a little longer.. but i think it's definitely worth the wait!
4	the toddy here is exceptional. i asked for a iced americano and the barista suggested i give the iced coffee a try, so i obliged and it was exceptional. just the look for it made me inquire. "how do you make the iced coffee here?" she started to explain, and i was like.. "ahh so it's a toddy". i'm all over this place now. 2.20 for a 20oz iced coffee..what?? yea..
5	Better than Fair Trade, not quite as good as Cartel - though Royal's location and hours are better, and the seating area is more conducive to random people interactions, which I like  :)
3	1/30/102.5 stars.Stopped in while waiting for food to cook at the market next door.  Cute little space.  The cookies looked delicious, but as soon as I asked my standard questions, the baristas went on the defensive, and I lost the cozy, warm feeling I had upon entering.  The latte I chose tasted great.
1	Great espresso, delicious baked-goods. Beware, though, you MUST order very slowly, and be sure to enunciate. And maybe ask the counter person to repeat the order back to you. Otherwise, you may end up with a bowl of oatmeal swimming in espresso. And delivered to your table 30 minutes after you ordered.
5	Hayes is amazing. I'm not a coffee drinker, but I do love the smell of coffee and you can smell Hayes' coffee from around the block. Just follow your nose and you'll find his cute shop. I always get the jasmine green tea, really unique and tasty! I love going into Royal because the staff there always make me feel welcome and treat me like a regular, even though I only go every couple of months when I'm in the area. My sister who came to visit has fallen in LOVE with the Royal's cold brew coffee and I have since purchased 3 bags for her and sent them to her because she wont drink any other. That's gotta say something!
5	Had another great visit to Royal Coffee...  Makes a great stop while shopping the Phoenix Public Market.  Hayes has great coffee and serves it up quickly, even when it's busy.I like the location and the area... Royal Coffee makes a perfect base to explore the market and beyond.
5	I have had coffee all over AZ (and other states) and this is my second favorite place in AZ.  As far as Phoenix goes this is #1!  I love their coffee and tea.  The cookies and other baked goods are also wonderful.  Plus the staff is great.  Hayes has done a wonderful job making this a cozy eco-friendly place.
5	My most favorite coffee in Phoenix.  And I'm a coffee snob.  Because I loooooove coffee.  Hayes also makes a tasty bowl of oatmeal too.  Served with raisins + walnuts + brown sugar.  Mmmmmm...  My son used to go to school nearby so I was there almost every morning.  I miss it.  Especially the smell...  Most things (quoting Tom Robbins) are either YUCK or YUM.Royal at the Market is 100% YUM!
1	Just about everything that makes a coffee shop good is lacking here.1) uncomfortable chairs (what the HELL!? Sure they look "cool" but they are really really are uncomfortable)2) roasting beans inside which just REEKS3) lack of a decent number of outlets for laptopsAnd for the coffee ... just middle of the road ...
4	One of my favorite coffee places in downtown Phoenix. They have great coffee - I have tried lattes, drip, and cold brew and all have been wonderful. Plus, for those of you bacon lovers, they have been known to make a great bacon brownie on Fridays. Many of their other pastries have been winners too. The atmosphere is really earthy, I really like the cork floor, wood high tops, and the tree looking desk. Its a good place to work or meet up with someone. Plus, the Phoenix Public Market is right next door, and its convenient to grab some coffee before the market on Saturday mornings.
4	Chai tea is great.Cupcake is good.The decoration/interior is the best. I love the tables and the doors.I wish they are opened on Sunday.
3	I go here most Saturdays.  I've started walking with the guys from the 100 Mile Club at 7:00 on Saturday morning.  I go to Royal with a friend afterwards for coffee.  I have no complaints about the coffee.  Today I ordered a chocolate chip cookie to go with my coffee, though, and I didn't even finish it.  It was too cake-y.  The service is fast and the atmosphere is urban and hip.  The patrons are interesting; the people-watching can't be beat!
5	My favorite coffee in town. While other places may have the speciality beans that wow you every now and then, Royal's self-roasted blend is consistently great--whether it is their hot pour overs or iced toddy.  Hayes and his staff go the extra mile to serve you without the indifference or even worse,coffee talk gobbledygook or condescension of some other places.  I love the urban, adaptive-use nature of the place with  modern yet organic, custom made furniture.Best yet, it has become a hub for downtown denizens and urbanites. I never fail to see a familiar face when I stop by. It's a great way to remain connected with the who what when and where of downtown Phoenix.
5	I don't do 5 stars too often - only when the place would stand out no matter where it is.  Such is the case here - personally expressive design with an excellent  "eye" [gosh I wonder if the proprietor...?], beans selected and roasted with perfection, knowledgeable, personable competent staff ... and almost-best of all I can buy the beans whole. Now, if only they could bring Flagstaff weather here as well - at least in the summer...
5	I discovered Royal at the Market in October of 2009 on a visit to the Saturday morning farmer's market. Though I do enjoy coffee drinks, I am a chai lover...and this place has the best chai in town! Since then I have made Royal my Saturday morning treat, stopping for my tea and then perusing the market for tasty treats! A wonderful place to stop and a great location to hang out!
4	Great coffee, I mean great. We get it every week while waiting for Matt's Big Breakfast to open up and I always guzzle down whatever delicious concoction I get. They make hot cocoa at a drinkable temperature (for my 7 year old) and they even do the artsy leaf thing with the foam on top, on the cocoa too! They have curious and amazing bacon filled treats like bacon brownies (and today we tried bacon scones, YUM) along with a really adorable seating arrangement attached to an eclectic 'whole foods' type shop. They are right along side Phoenix Public Market and provide the service of having the only bathroom in the area which they also deserve mad props for. This is a definite must if you're in the area and especially if you're going to brave the long wait outside of Matt's!!
5	The coffee is really really really good.  So good you don't care about anything else.
3	I wanted to try different place for coffee the other morning and found Royal at The Market.  I went in through the Market to get my cup of joe, but Royal has their own entrance on the side of the building facing the parking lot with a big sign the says "Coffee" with an arrow.The baristas were ok but more interested in flirting with each other rather than serving their late morning caffeine junkies.  I was ok with it but my colleague was irritated and needed her caffeine pronto!  My cup of joe was very good ~ good temp, robust flavor, vibrant aroma with a smooth finish when it hits the back of your mouth.  It was roasted at another location but it tasted very fresh with no bitterness. The chai tea latte was also very good but was not at the best temp and needed to be hotter.  The decor is very "earthy" with a lot of wood and they have maximized their space to accommodate a lot of people with smaller table surface areas.  Neat to look at but not very comfy at all.  Maybe it's a better place to conduct an interview rather socialize with friends...
4	So I went here yesterday as part of my coffee tour of Phoenix! I really want to give it 5 stars because it is cute, they have really nice looking pastries (that I didn't try.... but I will, oh yes, I will) and the iced latte I got was wonderful! I just can't give it five stars without trying a hot latte because I think the hot latte shows real skill with the foaming of the milk and all, where an iced latte is just the espresso with milk poured in. I will definitely be back to try the hot latte in the near near future and to update this review. The espresso they pulled was very smooth and flavorful.... so good. I would definitely recommend this place.
5	This is one of my favorite coffee spots in the Phoenix area. A quaint, little coffee bar in the back of Phoenix Public Market, this place offers coffee, pastries (while they last), and WiFi in a laid-back atmosphere in a single room filled with various works from local artists.Free, covered parking is available in the lot to the west of the building. However, this lot is reserved after 2 pm on Wednesdays for the Open-Air Market.
4	w00t! A coffee spot that carries almond milk! Now I know what you must be thinking... "big deal, almond milk?" ... but yes, it is a big deal, a VERY big deal. You see, 99% of coffee shops choose to solely carry soy milk alone as their non-dairy creamer alternative. Unfortunately, you are currently reading the writings of a vegan who is allergic to soy milk, makes my throat all itchy and sore feeling, but I digress... Royal made me happy by offering almond milk and I happily slurped down my iced vanilla almond milk latte while traversing the many wonders of the Phoenix open air public market on Saturday morning.-1 star since I had to mix up my drink myself.Take note other coffee shops: please carry another non-dairy creamer besides soy milk.
4	A coffee shop is good when...1. they serve delicious caffeinated beverages 2. they offer tasty treats to soothe your hunger pains3. they provide sufficient room to get work done. Royal at the Market offers all three. The coffee is creamy, and full of a caffeinated kick which is the perfect boost to the day. I like iced coffee and enjoy their iced latte here. They have plenty of pastries to munch on and more important, the Downtown Public Market is just a step through a pair of doors. Finally, they have plenty of seating where it's easy to get work done. They have community tables as well as individual high tops. They also have a back room with seating as well.  Between the Market and Royal at the Market, this is an ideal spot to visit for a beverage and to do some work and I like to visit as often as I can.
4	Great place for coffee and a quiet place to get some work done.Lots of chairs and recycled tabletops. Not too many outlets though.The Italian sodas are pretty good as well.
5	Great little coffee bar!It was packed when I was there, and they were still able to make my drink fast. They make one delicious caramel macchiato.
5	I went here again last weekend as an updated part of the coffee tour of Phoenix! The BF came this time around and he got a hot latte and I got an iced. The hot latte was just wonderful! It is one of my favorites in the city. The espresso was strong without being acidic and the milk was frothed perfectly. It really was a pleasure. My iced latte was also just as good as it was last time.... so two points for consistency. We also split this super cute banana macaroon type dessert... it was banana cake with a chocolate mousse type filling and chocolate jimmies on the outside.... it was Sooooooooo good! It tasted like two cupcake tops with the frosting between them. The cake was soft and extremely fresh and the whole thing was great. So Hooray to Royal at the market for being super awesome in many ways!
5	LOVE this coffee shop. What a perfect pairing being located in the market (another place I like to visit as often as possible). The coffee is wonderful and the service is always fast and friendly. The baked goods they offer change regular (read: super fresh) and are always so tempting. Great place to work too, unless it's a Saturday morning, because then it's packed (understandably). If you like coffee, this is a must-try.
5	I always get great customer service and great coffee. I've been going here for years.
3	My wife loves it, whereas I think it's perfectly fine. What I don't get (and one of my other favorites does this too) is why I'm waiting for the single-cup drip coffee and paying extra for it. I think this is the coffee shop equivalent to expensive yet average table side guacamole. But I digress... Back to Royal, I think this place is decent, although I think I'd pick Cartel over it for a morning or afternoon cup of joe. The only reason I end up at Royal is if I'm already at Phoenix Public Market or I need a coffee downtown between the hours of 6:00 PM and 8:00 PM on a Wednesday (which probably means I'm at the market).
4	What can i say about this little gem that hasn't been said? So many positives. so few negatives. i guess the only 2 negatives i have are these; 1) it takes about 10 minutes to get a drip coffee on Saturday when the farmers market is going nuts. 2) there is no "line". much like all things hippie, it's free form. meant to be self regulated (which, in all honesty, I'm OK with after your 1st visit or if its not busy). be prepared to make Friends while asking who is in line and who has ordered their delicious treat already. seating is cool, patio rocks. and its attached to the little store (which I'm not reviewing in this review). if we had half stars, i would give it a 4.5. i may round up after trying it out on a non-market day. but if you go on Saturday, like i said, expect those 2 tips up top and you wont look like a banker that belongs inside a Starbucks (who, me? nah). BTW, service is amazing!
4	I am a barista, so I'm pretty particular about the way my coffee is made and how it tastes. Royal has knocked it out of the park on several occasions, both in quality of my drink and in quality of service.1st visit- I ordered just a plain ol' cup of coffee. Each cup is brewed to order. No gross 2 hour old coffee sitting in a pot on a warming plate here. It was good coffee, rich and nutty. My daughter got a hot chocolate, which she enjoyed thoroughly. 2nd visit- My daughter and I came in on a Wednesday night while getting dinner at the food trucks. The line was REALLY long. The barista seemed to keep her cool and even though people were kind of just standing about waiting to order their coffee (make a line, people!), she kept a good eye on who came in and when and knew exactly who to serve next.My latte was good, and the milk was steamed well. The barista was very sweet and had a really good attitude. My only criticism of this visit was that my daughters drink wasn't really hot. It was actually a little on the cold side. My daughter is 10, but likes her hot chocolate HOT.I go in here once a week. 9 times out of 10 I am greeted promptly and my coffee has been made with little to no mistakes. I don't think it's worth a trip from somewhere far away, there are great coffee houses all over the valley, but if you're downtown I would go in and order a drink. They really know what they're doing.
4	I typically only go to Royal when I'm at the Farmers' Market on Saturday mornings.  It's probably their busiest time, but they are pretty efficient, and the wait is never long.  I typically get an iced coffee or skinny latte.  They are tasty, but I am no coffee snob.  I love that there's no "extra-hot, extra foam, yadda yadda" b.s., like at some other places.  Inside, it's pretty cramped, and the seating is not comfortable.  Plus, I really dislike high-top tables.  But there are other, more pleasant seating options.  There's inside the Public Market, outside, on the grapevine-festooned patio, or, on Saturday mornings, in the "food court" section of the outdoor market, where you also have the added touch of live local music.
5	Always a great place to meet a friend for a coffee. The atmosphere is great for a conversation and there is always the patio on the side of the Market for an outdoor experience. I really enjoy the Americanos and soy cappuccinos at Royal. The service is always fast and the coffee is great.
4	Smooth, perfectly made coffee.  They have good milk alternatives such as soy and almond milk, and a decent selection of sugar free syrups.  Minus a star because I was hoping to catch up on some reading when I went in the afternoon (around noon on Saturday), but the chairs were already put up on top of the tables.  I thought they were open until 4 PM?
5	CLOSED?!?!?! Maaaaaan. I pretty much moved downtown JUST to get coffee here....well....maybe that's not true.....but seriously? I am sooo sad this place closed because it is some fine coffee and pastries. I have dreams about their chocolate cupcakes. I went the other day with a friend and they were unusually closed, but no sign....then returned a few days later to see their door covered in paper. Their sign says they are looking to relocate somewhere else in downtown sometime this winter, which I hope is true. Hey Royal! You can open in the open space under the Alta lofts or in the Arizona center if you wanna....just sayin....
5	Just wanted to let everybody know that Royal at the Market is closed for the summer!  In the meantime, be sure to check out the other location at the Biltmore Fashion Park -  Royal at the Biltmore!(Also, since it's summer - I thought I should mention that the iced coffee is so smooth and amazing that you don't even have to add anything to it!! Don't believe me?  Ask for a sample next time you are here and I guarantee you will be astounded!)
5	Sadly, the place closed a few months ago.
