5	Great service, professional care, beautiful office.
5	Highly recommended! Dr Bhat is extremely knowledgable and the staff very friendly and helpful.  I've needed professional eye care for 35 years and Austin Village Eyecare is by far the best experience I've ever had
5	Dr. Bhat and his team are really fantastic! Dr. Bhat was incredibly nice and knowledgable and took the time to answer all of my questions. Margie was amazing as she helped me pick out the perfect pair of glasses that fit my face/prescription. Go see them-- you will not be disappointed!
5	I recently had a great experience at Austin Village Eyecare.  The staff was great and I was able to set up an appointment in no time.  Dr. Bhat was thorough and took extra time to explain and discuss all of my options.  Extremely convenient and the office is very clean and modern.  Thanks Dr. Bhat!
5	I have been going to eye doctors for over 42 years in several different states and even overseas.   Dr Baht is the most thorough and descriptive doctor I have worked with in that time, and his staff is pleasant and efficient.  I love that they can operate via paperless systems.  Will be even better when they finish their expansion in the next couple of weeks.
5	Our whole family has been extremely pleased with the level of care we have received with Dr. Bhat. He is excellent with kids and spent a great deal of time with our daughter ensuring she was comfortable with her transition to contact lenses. The office is very nice, and getting appointments scheduled is easy. He has the latest technologies/products in his office. My vision is pretty poor so I have plenty of past experience with opticians and ophthalmologists. Dr Bhat is among the best. Highly recommended.
1	We were told that my young child had farsightedness and a convergence issue. Given glasses and sent to a conversion therapist which suggested a $14k charge,not covered by insurance, for a nine month program. We paid over one thousand - simply to find that out. We got a second opinion of course. Children's ophthalmologist specialist stated eyesight is 20/20, has some slight conversion which simple exercises and with age will resolve the concern.  In our particular experience - quite misled and saddened by Bhats' ethical behavior. You would do anything for your child.
5	My first appointment was today and I was really impressed! OUTSTANDING Doctor and staff in every level. Dr. Bhat was very thorough during my examination & took the time to explain his concerns with me in a down to Earth language that I could understand. Not only was Dr. Bhat very knowledgeable, he had a great sense of humor! He was on the ball with some issues I had recently been dealing with & I feel like I am in the best hands for my eye health. Thank you, Dr. Bhat and staff. You are the BEST!
5	Long story here, I know, but it's the story of how I almost went blind and the good Dr. Baht saved my eyesight.My husband is a patient here. He has crazy vision that has been a true issue in his 40+ years. Surgeries, patches, contacts, Coke-bottle glasses - all because of a childhood accident. Dr. Baht showed him things he had never seen, told him stuff he didn't know and my husband left there with a contact that fits his one good eye so well that he remarks in its wonderfulness every day. Every. Day. That's a darn good contact! After having LASIK 10 years ago, I've not needed an eye doctor but I noticed things weren't as clear as they had been. I knew I'd have to go eventually, however, on the Thursday before Labor Day, I woke up in the middle of the night with eye pain so bad that I couldn't sleep and spent the hours until dawn doing everything I could to evict the boulder that was apparently stuck in there. I rinsed it out, I used saline drops, I closed it, used ice - it was so painful that I had a hard time seeing out of my OTHER eye. We called Dr. Baht's office as soon as they opened and the nice front desk lady told me (remember that I wasn't even a patient) to come right down. Whew!The office building is absolutely gorgeous: homey, large, ultramodern equipment, perfect accessible but still in a small town setting with endless parking. They have a kid's play area, an optician and a lovely, wide-open office/waiting area with a wine cooler. I forgot to ask why but it sounds kinda cool. :)I was put through the paces with super-high-tech machines I've never seen. The assistant (Wendy?) was very bright and sweet. My husband was with me as I was nearly blind and they remembered him well despite it being nearly a year since his last visit. The good doctor came in, did a bunch of stuff while we chatted (he's charmingly funny) and gave me the verdict: it was NOT a boulder, to my utter shock. It felt like it! I had actually scratched my pupil like a lightening bolt across my eye! He determined that I should have a medicated contact, RX drops and he would - get this - come in the next morning and see me so he could take it out! This was because I wasn't used to contacts and he didn't want to have me do it nor did he think I should wait to have him remove it until the office reopened after Labor Day. Nice, right?I felt better a few hours later after getting the antibiotic drops and when we went in the next day, he removed the lens and my eye was PERFECTLY HEALED. Seriously! I went from a Harry Potter scratch to 100% all better in 24 hours. We chatted while he worked on me and it turns out we're both from the same tiny Massachusetts town, 900 miles away. Small world! I went back last week for a normal eye exam and decided to get some glasses. He had given my bandaid lens a tiny prescription to it because he thought it might be needed and it really was better. His beautiful option, Crystal (she really is remarkably attractive) was very honest and helped me pick out a stylin' set of specs I'm looking forward to wearing!Long story, I know but eyes are so incredibly important that the right eye doctor is critical. You can't afford to have a bad eye doc.What if someone didn't see me right away? What if I waited it out - would I have lost some or all vision in my scratched pupil? I'm so glad the office took me right away and the service I received was by far the best eyecare I've ever had.I've also booked both of my kids for eye exams here, too. Patient for life!
