5	I was about to cancel my 12 yr + membership w Verizon but thanks to Natalie @ Mesa Riverview's Verizon, for going out of her way to make sure I got my $100. Back. Ive decided to remain a loyal customer. She is a great example of customer service.  Way to go Natalie!
3	We went in to sign a Verizon contract in order to get a new phone (the same style but just a new one). The phones here are less expensive than going to an actual Verizon store or ordering through Verizon on line. This makes it worth going here. We paid $50, but will get it back through a rebate. The same phone at Verizon would have been $100 minus the $50 rebate, making it a $50 out of pocket cost!However, the first time I went in, the woman made it very clear to me that the style of phone I was choosing would require no money down at all and no rebate to process. The next day when she was gone, the story changed.Also, we had no idea we were dealing with a store that is not really a Verizon store, since the words "Go Wireless" are not predominant in their signage. So there are TWO contracts that you sign - one with Go Wireless and one with Verizon! We didn't realize this until we got home, because when you sign the contract electronically, it is not even printed so you can read it! When we got home and looked through the paperwork, we were very nervous about what we had signed.When my husband read that there will be a $30 upgrade fee which will appear on our Verizon bill, he blew a gasket, since the salesman hadn't mentioned this. He called to talk to  the manager who convinced him that that is a charge from Verizon which applies to every one of their customers. I did verify that through Verizon customer service.My advice to other customers: Take heed, the sales people are fuzzy  about the fees and rebate information which will affect you. Ask for a printout of the contract before you sign so you can ask about all that the salesman forgot to tell you. If you are willing to go through this extra diligence, I think you will save enough money that it will be worth it.
4	I came into this store on a whim, knowing that my contract would soon expire. I was helped by Amanda Q. and she is the reason I decided to write a review. She was quite pleasant and knew so much about the different phones and looked up info she didn't know. I did not purchasing a phone because there was not a live version of the phone I was interested in.
5	By far the best customer service I can ask for. The representative was very patient and gave me the fullest attention possible. I also like the fact that I can always walk in the store after my phone purchase and get questions answered without getting a run around or sent away unsatisfied like I have been in the past at other Verizon stores. Being new to the Mesa area this is my new home store!
5	Excellent Service!  Amanda helped my wife and I set up our new iPhones 6 and plus.  She loaded all the past data on to our lap-top computer and transferred all apps to our new phones.  Was spot on in the time it took to transfer all data, which was appreciated in letting me know when to come back.   Amanda gave excellent customer service and I appreciated her help and friendly service.    It took time to get new phones, but their notification emails when sent and arrived at store was helpful so you didn't have to call and disturb them.  Good people here at this store.
