4	Small and very busy. Very good coffee with a team behind the counter making coffee in a "we know what we are doing" way. In other words making good coffee fast with out the snooty," look how great I am" you get from the other place.MY COFFEE WAS NOT BURNT
3	I stopped in the week they opened.  The air was broken so it was hot as hades inside.  But, the workers were super friendly and I had a delicious orangesicle smoothie that hit the spot as I was melting from the outside in.  What did not hit the spot was the screaming children that came in during my business meeting.  Note to self: don't hold business meetings at a coffee shop in a touristy area.  Lesson learned.
4	This tiny space is back to being a coffeehouse. Almost two years after Starbucks didn't renew their lease, you can walk through the doors with a steaming cup of coffee or tea, a frosty drink or a tasty offering from the food case.Crazy Mocha, the local chain, is giving caffeine fixes to many at Station Square. Their coffee is quite good, I love the vegetarian panini and the way this coffee shop looks on the inside. Not overly decorated with pictures of coffee beans, Juan Valdez, or cute coffee mugs. Just a nice comfortable atmosphere for me to get my fix.
5	My favorite Pittsburgh coffee shop! I put off going in when it was first built because the brand image does not exactly exude "good coffee". When I first went in I ordered my "coffee shop tester" drink: a straight espresso. I was astonished to find it was much better than starbucks and cheaper! On top of that the staff here are amazing.
4	One of my best friends lives in Pittsburgh and took me to Crazy Mocha down in Station Square for breakfast one morning. It's located in a really cute area of downtown, right by the river. Lots of other restaurants and tourist destinations within walking distance. (Check out the incline; it's right across the street!)The iced chai lattes are delicious. The pastries are delicious. Pittsburgh is such a great city, and this area is a must-see. So why not stop by and check this place out? Next time, I will try a mocha!
