4	Staff was very helpful.  This is the fourth time we've used them over the years and they have always been knowledgeable and willing to do whatever it took to satisfy the customer.
5	Two years ago, got a hitch installed for a move to Connecticut. Got moved back to AZ and needed their services again. My electrical box went bad, but because I I got the $10 warranty in 2012, they fixed it for free. The place is run by a bunch of normal, hard working folks. I'll send business their way any time I get the chance. Good people.
2	Excellent place for buying boxes. They have specialty TV, wardrobe, lamp, etc boxes, and a huge selection of packing tape, blankets, peanuts and everything you might need for a move. Very well stocked. The lot was full of trucks, vans and all sizes of trailers - and while I didn't need anything but boxes, they looked pretty prepared to sell me on a truck (which they tried to sell me on despite me telling them I was mid move with people packing a pod for me as I checked out). If I hadn't called ahead and spoken to an absolute boob before I got there, I'd probably give them a 4-star rating (minus one star because for chrissakes, their boxes are overpriced). They either have the thickest guy on the planet fielding calls or he was just refusing to listen to me. I asked three times if they had specialty boxes like wardrobe, tv, etc and if they had packing supplies and the guy assured me three times that they had "some small medium and large uns" and had no idea what I was talking about when I mentioned wardrobe and tv boxes. And he had the nerve to "sweetie" me. I AM A GROWN ASS WOMAN. GROWN ASS WOMEN DON'T WANT YOU TO "SWEETIE" THEM. If you aren't going to call my husband "sweetie" when he calls you, THEN DON'T DO IT TO ME YOU CONDESCENDING ASS. Also - unless you're desperate like I was at the last minute, here's two tips that will save you hundreds of bucks on your move:1. Go to Harbor Freight on Bell and 32 Street to buy moving blankets for half of what U-Haul charges. They're $14.99 at U-Haul and $7.99 at Harbor Freight. 2. Scope out the PV Mall parking lot by the Dillard's entrance. Near the bus stop behind the parking garage, there's a big open trailer FULL of clean boxes that are put there by the smaller stores that don't have access to a baler. I just moved a 2800 square foot house with nothing but boxes from there (plus two lamp boxes and a wardrobe box I bought in desperation) I can't say for sure that PV mall condones dumpster diving, but nobody ever bothered me about it. 3. Speaking of Harbor Freight - they also have those awesome vacuum bags that you can put all your soft goods in and suck out all the air. $4.99 for a box of three versus $19.99 and $29.99 for the same bags at Bed Bath and Beyond, Target and U-Haul. (Even with coupons at BBB, they're cheaper at Target if HF is sold out.)And you're welcome for that free box tip...
1	Never, never again.  We rented a truck from them for a local move, Filed the truck during the day, then it sat overnight, and we went to our new location in the morning.  It had rained overnight, but since everything was in the truck it didn't seem like a problem.  When we unpacked there was an inch of water across the front bottom of the truck.  We spent hours repacking everything that got wet. We told them when we returned and they really couldn't care less.  We were told to call some phone number on the bottom of the contract.  Nice, but that doesn't make up for the hours of work and time this took us.  I will never ever use U-Haul again. Complete just and terrible customer service.
5	Excellent customer service. We love the speedy rental return. Will be back to this haul.
5	I just had a trailer hitch installed by Scott and I am so happy with the quality job he did. I brought in my own wiring harness from the manufacture and he took the time to install it into the bumper requiring him to drill a hole in it. The result is an install that looks better than OEM. He also switched the parts around so I got a small refund. Couldn't be happier.
