4	See my review about Meekong Plaza- here's a snippet plus a few additions: among the restaurants there, MyLynn is my favorite- they have a happy hour, Karaoke, great hot-pot and table barbecue, and crawfish Thurs-Sun. flown in fresh from Louisiana. The service is friendly and they have wireless access so you can drip spicy crawfish juice all over your shiny new apple notebook. Selfishly I would like to keep this place a secret so I could keep the crawfish and $2 beer to myself, but they deserve more business and it would be great if more Yelpers would patronize them. So there, the secret is out. "You try, you like, you buy" (as my Chinese grandmother would say). I would even take a date here and serenade her with a sappy Vietnamese love song (only available after 8pm)...now if I could only find a date the perfect evening would blossom like a beautiful lotus flower.
4	Grabbed a few things from here to go and everything was pretty tasty!  The Vegetarian Spring Rolls were yummy with fried carmelized onion threads instead of shredded pork... the dipping sauce tangy and sweet.  We also got some tiny sea snails cooked in a coconut sauce with a hint of yellow curry.  Basically they're so small you have to suck them out and along with that come the tasty juices!  We also got some larger sea snails which were steamed and served with a simple fish sauce.  I actually preferred dipping these big boys in the coconut sauce from the mini-snails.  All in a all a good take-out experience and the crawfish Austin C. mentioned sounds tempting since there are not really any good places to go for this in Phoenix.
2	$4 bucks for a cup of coffee that i can finish in three sips, really?
2	Not impressed, Had spicy beef noodle and it was as flavorful as a can of beef noodle soup (generic)  and as spicy. The spring rolls were rubbery , just was disappointed but it was clean, nice place service was ok but somewhat complicated due to language but thats easily overlooked. My friend had the kobe beef as suggested by waitress and again nothing special.
1	If you have an Asian fetish, this might be your place. The food is crap but the girls who work here wear next to nothing. My server's skirt was short and every time she leaned to wipe down a table or bring food to the table, you can see her tiny ass cheeks. That alone is worth just the tip. Pun intended. The menu looked very promising. I see dishes that I don't normally see offered at other Vietnamese places like Thit Bo Luc Lac (which is seasoned and sauteed cubed beef, served over a bed of iceberg lettuce and rice), banh canh (varieties of udon noodles) and even nem nuong (grilled pork patties). But one thing that they advertised was their Bun Bo Hue (spicy beef noodle). I started with some goi cuon (spring rolls) and ordered the bun bo hue too. The spring rolls were all lettuce and noodles. There was a thin thin slice of pork and shrimp. Not the best. But before I could finish half of my roll, my noodles showed up already. I asked for some Siracha and the server grabbed the bottle from the table next to me where a single diner was waiting for his food. I asked if they had another bottle because from the look on the other diner's face, he was confused why it was taken from him. She said that I should take what I need and give him back the bottle. Nice. Like pho, a plate of veggies are provided. But for this particular dish, you get a plate of cabbage, sprouts and thinly sliced banana leeks. I knew the true test of this dish was the broth so before I added anything to it, I sipped a bit of the broth and... it totally missed the mark on the flavoring. It was basically a bowl of salty water with a bit of annatto oil for coloring. from that moment, I knew my bun bo hue was a poser. I tried the beef and it tasted boiled and added to the noodles instead of being stewed in the broth. Furthermore, the piece of pork leg (a circular dissection of a pig's leg with skin and bone attached) was not clean. I bit into it and could taste the stink. I could not finish the bowl and did not care enough about the spring rolls to finish those either. I know that my review of Mylynn will fall onto deaf ears with the owner but I can't recommend this place as good Vietnamese food and let my country's cuisine reputation be tarnished.
