5	What a unique experience!  Le Milsa is located fairly centrally in Montreal.  We were able to walk over from our downtown hotel.  This was my very first time dining at a Brazilian buffet so I wasn't quite sure what to expect.  We were given cards that say "GO" on one side and "STOP" on the other.  When you're in "GO" mode, the servers come by with great big skewers of meat (beef, pork, lamb, chicken, turkey) and shave off as much as you want onto your plate.  What a concept!  A buffet where the food comes to you!  I wouldn't necessarily call myself a meat lover (definitely not a hater), but I was surprised by the amount I was able to consume in one sitting.  I loved all of the meats equally.  They were all juicy and tender and full of flavour and it was nice being able to control how much or how little you wanted of each type of meat.  The skewers come around frequently, so your plate is never empty.  They also serve you sides of salad, potato, rice and mushrooms.  As you consume your delicious meal, the entertainers (dancers) come out and perform for you.  They make their way all around the restaurant, so everyone gets to enjoy the show.  Beware: they may even ask you to dance with them!It appears that Le Milsa was built in an alleyway.  The interior walls of the restaurant are made up of the exterior walls of the neighbouring buildings.  I love the atmosphere - very cozy and romantic.What I remember most about my visit to the Le Milsa was the dessert.  (Don't forget to switch to "STOP" mode or you'll never get dessert!)  Have you ever had roasted pineapple covered with cinnamon?  Just like the other foods, their pineapple is on a skewer and roasted to perfection.  Had I known I was going to love the dessert so much, I probably wouldn't have had that last portion of meat.The price was on the high side ($29.95 per person), but it was all-you-can-eat and included entertainment.  Service was incredible.  It's obvious that they want you to have a great time.If you're not up for doing the buffet, there are other options to choose from. Lots of fun, great food - try it at least once!
5	Absolutely loved this place. I had a great time. The meat was cooked perfectly, but traditionally, the meat is quite salty so get ready to load up on sodium. The caipirinhas are strong, as they should be, for $8 for a tiny glass. Dessert was good, even though I have no idea how we made room for this. I've heard people saying that even though it is "all you can eat", the service slows down after you've been there for a while. I disagree, we were there for an embarrassing amount of time, and the meat just kept coming. I will go again the next time we visit Montreal.
2	Could have been better. Drink service was good but food service was terrible. Also, delays between meat service was more than 10 min. It seemed almost intentional and ruined the experience for our group of 9.Personally, I hate giving negative reviews but I can't recommenced this place based on my experience.   Maybe we hit it on an off night? .. hope so..  regardless, will not go back.
3	This is an awesome place to go for large parties.  Although on the pricey side, it's worth at least one visit to experience the unique style of buffet.  The way it works (if you choose the meat buffet option) is that servers will arrive every 5 min or so with a different type of meat on a skewer and serve you some if you wish.  The service was consistent and overall friendly.Some meats were really good, some were simply mediocre.  My favorites were the chicken legs, lamb, and top sirloin.  Feel free to pass on the pork sausages and turkey w/ bacon.  Everything else was simply ok.  Pineapple with cinnamon is the dessert option I had and it was really sweet and juicy.  I would highly recommend it.Another unique aspect of this dining experience is that during dinner time around 8 PM, they'll have dancers come out and perform with you in what I assume to be traditional Brazilian outfits.  They actually pulled me out to dance with them which was only slightly embarrassing but I'm sure it amplified the good time everyone else was having.  Not a bad idea to dance though since it got my appetite going again :)Overall, a decent place to eat and have a unique experience.  The food didn't blow my mind but was altogether still good.
1	As a brazilian i did not like tis restaurant. This not near a good churrascaria like brasa or fogo de chao and the maitree was very mean with me and my friends. The sides are poor, not even a black beans was served. The waitress forgot our table many times. The music volume was too high, we asked to move our table because we were on the direction of the aound box and the meat was good. But not anything special and i did not try all of them because the people keep forgettin where we were sitted. The only thing good on this restaurant was the guys that cut the meat for me. If you expect to have a real churrascaria experience, do not go to this restaurant. Try the other brasilian restaurants on montreal.
3	Recently checked it out for the first time. The portions are enough to get really full. If you take the meat feast, i suggest to ask for the waiter to bring you the good stuff right at the beginning if not they just keep feeding you with turkey and sausage. then when thr filet mignon comes you are so full you can only taste it. the service was very friendly. but at one point they had a show going on where a guy and a girl dressed in carnival clothing went around dancing. the music was so loud it felt like my ears were going to break. it went on for a good 30 min. that was a major minus of the restaurant.
3	Offering an authentic Brazilian experience, Le Milsa is something everyone should have the privilege to enjoy. With several different types of meat (turkey wrapped with bacon, chicken, filet mignon, lamb, striploin, sausage, amongst others) brought to your table on pitch forks and sawed off for you at the table, Le Milsa is perfect for parties. For $30, it's all you can eat meat, rice, sauteed mushrooms, salad, bread and sweet potatoes. Dessert is also included. The standout for me was the turkey wrapped with bacon (anything bacon is good in my books). On the other hand, the lamb was very tough and "lamby". Make sure you refrain from going too early as you will only be served the ends of the meat, which tend to be the driest and toughest. Even if you ask for another piece, they will twist the meat and still shave off another end-piece (makes sense as a business model).The service was good but I'm not a fan of the required coat check.
4	Very good place - the food was good - the dancers made it fun - a great place for a group.
3	In an effort to please a lot of people (there were 12 of us) and multiple generations without resorting to a buffet, I chose Le Milsa as the place to host a surprise birthday party. I figured there would be something pleasing enough for everyone and that the cost wouldn't get out of control.Let's start with the service. The staff here were all very friendly and accommodating. We had several fussy eaters at our table and the waitresses did a great job trying to meet their requests. In fact, one of our group is a vegetarian and they offered to make him a veggie plate because there were no meatless options on the menu.The Turnstile, which I believe must be the most popular selection, is the all you can eat of meat, it is 30$ on a weekday and 35$ on Saturdays and Sundays. Children under 5 eat free (we just happened to have a 4, turning 5 year old at our table!) and 5-10 year olds pay 1/2 price. The turnstile comes with a few sides, that they happily refill.Although I wasn't a fan of everything that came to the table, I end up really liking the chicken and the rib steak, and when I requested their return they happily obliged. In fact, not everyone liked everything, but everyone found at least 2 or 3 things they did enough. In the end, I doubt this is a place I would go out on a date to, It's too intrusive with meat making the rounds every few minutes. However, if I were to host another get-together or party where price and selection were important, I would definitely head back to Le Milsa.The bill for 2 people with tip included was 80$.
3	If you want a fix of never ending meat then Le Milsa is where you should go.I have a couple of issues with Le Milsa.  Sometimes, the meat from certain cuts that you get are dry or fatty.  This isn't a problem because they always come back and you can get as best a piece that you want.The main issue I have is the stinginess with the best cuts of meat, such as the filet mignon.  They only come by once and only give you two pieces.  We had to ask 4 times before they came back with the filet, and the rudeness that was exhibited by the meat server was evident.  Now I understand they are trying to run a business, but don't advertise yourself as all the meat you can eat until you are begging us to stop, if it takes 4 times asking to bring the filet back again.  The customer is paying for this meal, and deserves to be respected.However, since Montreal does not have a Fogo de Chao, this will have to do...
5	What a great restaurant if u like meat it's the place to be Great atmosphere and music equals a great time Friendly service I was impressed !!
4	Was here for a birthday, originally attracted to the festive atmosphere and all you can eat meat - proved to be fun, although a little too "in your face" with the super loud music and dancers shaking their booty at you every hour.This is a good place to come as a group, but I wouldn't recommend it as a date unless you're not the type to get embarrassed easily and have a lot of patience. I've been to this location on Bishop and the one in the gay village, similar experiences.The one on Bishop is much smaller and cramped.Basically you choose from a set menu, which comes with all you can eat salad, rice, sweet potatoes and mushroom and wait for the guys to pass around with skewers of meat.My favorite were the turkey wrapped in bacon, filet mignon and anything beef. Tried some of their sausages and ham, although those are extremely salty. Even though it's all you can eat, it really depends on what is being served and how often the guys come around. You can be sitting for a long time waiting for your favorite to arrive. If you're extremely hungry and need to stuff your face at once, this will not be the place for you!Dessert consists of grilled pineapple or vanilla ice cream, although it is NOT all you can eat dessert.It's around 30$ a person, a unique concept- I can't vouch on whether his place is authentic Brazilian food or style as I've never had anything else.Bottom line, it was tasty and fun, very loud and best to come as a group where everyone can chat while they wait to be served.
2	This was my first Brazlian steakhouse experience, and as much as I hate chains (and as American as this may make me sound), I wish it would have been Fogo de Chao.  The quality of the meat was questionable and, as I read in a previous review, they were much more generous with the cheaper cuts of meat, only offering up the filet or ribeye if you specifically ask for it.  I was also underimpressed with the side dishes.  Don't get me wrong, it's hard not to enjoy a night of eating unlimited meat, I was just expecting a much higher quality experience!
3	I went there for a all you can eat meat. The food was ok. Some were too tough, some were delicious and juicy. It all depended on the food we were offered. They came quickly and with number to our table. They always refilled everything we needed when we needed it.When it was time to pay, the server asked us where we came from (we were all asian). Intrigued, we just answered his question. However, the followup question was extremely rude and I don't know how the restaurant even permit that kind of person in their staff. He asked us if we pay very low tip in our country. We were asians, but we all lived in Montreal for almost all our lives and are mostly students.Ok? Really? What kind of waiter asked that kind of rude questions? He asked us after we paid, but we wouldn't have paid ANY tip if we knew.
3	All you can eat meat was very good - most of the meat are very well cooked and well marinated thus super tasty. However, i was very disappointed that the grilled pineapple was NOT all you can eat. How come they can afford to have all you can eat meat but not the pineapple?!? Mind boggling. For almost $40 on Fridays and Saturdays, you can't accommodate that?As other reviewers have mentioned, the dancing music is super loud.
5	Celebrated here the birthday of my son. What an amazing night it was. Not only the food was great but the music and the dances were really exciting. My son adores meat and he enjoys a lot piece of meat perfectly made, so it was a real fiesta for him, he couldn't stop eating that meat that the waiters kept bringing over. Was an amazing experience!
5	This is by the best place for a carnivorous person such as me. CARNIVAL!
