3	I recently stayed at the Millennium and had a great time. This resort is very unique in that it is a small resort with a large resort feel. I stayed in a Villa on the golf course and it was a blast. The views are wonderful and the room was great. The bar is a nice place to relax and watch a game. The pool area was smaller than I would have liked, but was still ok.One complaint I have is that the cable was turned off on us without notice for "scheduled maintenance" If it was "scheduled", it would have been nice, or even the right thing to do, if they had notified us. Aside from that, the  Millennium is well worth the price
3	Summary:--sprawling hotel with large grounds, including lake--impersonal service--sometimes shows up on Priceline, which is how I got it--free parking--"free" internet in rooms, as  part of the resort fee of $10/day (not included in Priceline fees)--lots of the guests seemed to be cost insensitiveThis place would be better if:--they ditched the resort fee--they airconditioned the entire grounds when the temperature was over 110F.I stayed here one night, passing through town, when it was about 110F+ outside, so I didn't do much in the way of outdoor activities.  The room was ok with the standard amenities.
4	My wife and I just returned from a wonderful week at the hotel, and we will be headed back again. Kudos to the staff and everyone for making it such at great trip. They went out of the way to learn our names to remember our preferences for drinks as well, always appreciated.Here are the things I really liked:-Staff was excellent-New pool is awesome. Loved the waterfall and poolside drinks- Food was excellent. Everything we tried was great, and I recommend the Sonoran French toast for breakfast- Bikes were provided for a casual ride around the lake-Great location in ScottsdaleThings that could have been better:-The rooms are in the middle of an upgrade. The beds were comfortable, and I feel like we slept for days. The decor and the bathrooms especially need to be upgraded to match the rest of the hotelWe had a great rate that I found through TravelZoo, but look around and you'll be able to score a killer deal at this property.
4	3.5 stars.Quaint resort hotel next to a lake.  The surroundings are nice with the lake right by the hotel.  It would make for a nice stroll.  Staff is very friendly.  Every room has a balcony.  The restaurant, Pinon Grill, has good food, too.  The cornbread in the bread basket is delicious.  For dinner, I highly recommend the achiote marinated shrimp and scallop entree--it has a nice spice flavor.  The bathrooms are dated and need some updating.Overall, I enjoyed my stay here and would definitely come again.
3	Very nice hotel/resort that I first stayed in 3 years ago.  The staff is excellent and go out of their way to satisfy your needs.  The pool was just refinished and they did a great job.  They also upgraded the TV's and mattresses in the rooms in case you were stuck inside.Ok, now for the bad.  The rooms need a SERIOUS remodeling.  The bathrooms are falling apart.  20 year old toilets that barely flush, sloppy caulking around the tub and fixtures, visible rust, visible piping, and drywall bubbling from moisture.  The AC unit was ancient and would cycle about every 2 minutes.  And it was falling out of it's bracket holding it into the wall.  There was visible light coming through and I assume that's how the bugs got in.I asked at the front desk why they haven't remodeled the rooms yet and he said their financing dried up.  That is understandable as most strip malls are 1/2 empty or more as well.I would stay here again, but only because they have a sweet discount deal.  Pay $99 for a room and get a $100 food/alcohol credit for the restaurant.  So 5 stars for the staff and room deal and 0 stars for the room.
4	I usually stay at Motel 6, but in Scottsdale they start at $49, so I got on Priceline to see what a $35 bid would buy me.  It got me the Millenium Resort at McCormack Ranch and it's made me feel like a very special traveler here.  The king size bed is super comfy.  The wide-screen tv is an unexpected treat.  If I'd paid the internet rate (around $199), I'd be disappointed to hear the traffic out on Scottsdale Rd, but since I'm used to the noise of freeways next to Motel 6 and Super 8, it's not going to keep me awake.  My visit is short and the storm of the century is lingering so I won't be able to enjoy any of the outdoor amenities and services.    I got a real steal on this room!
4	I'm reviewing the catering side of this from a wedding guest point of view. I just want to give them a kudos for their willingness to work with the #glutenfree community. I called ahead and the person who answered the phone assured me that I would just have to ask someone on staff to make me my own meal. I went to the buffet and got the salad and the julienned vegetables (as they assured me they'd only be cooked in butter). I didn't see anything that looked even remotely safe, so I asked a member of the staff to see if I could get a sauce-free salmon. 10 minutes later I got a GIANT amazing tasting piece of salmon. Seriously - what a treat to find great staff who is willing to work with special guests with allergies. Please just let the staff know about allergies and they are accommodating.  Great salmon. Awesome veggies. Excellent accommodating staff.
1	Went here for a weekend getaway. Deal was too good resort credit equal to the room rate.....good right....well not so much. Arrival- very dated facilities I'd say circa 1980. Key card didn't open door back to lobby we go. 1st room right next to main stairwell and elevator with kids running up and down it....new room please.Second room....burn holes in the carpet, bathroom was in a word gross.Other comments....one pool...that's it. One tiny pool for everyone at the resort.Called the front desk said we'd like to cancel our reservation as the resort does not meet our expectations. Thank God they did because I was prepared for a fight. If I could give this palce 0 starts I would. Old and disgusting.
4	I first stayed here years ago when the Cardinals were still playing at ASU - which is why I was in town in the first place.  The hotel had killer specials at the time and i immediately fell in love with the place.  Some say it's a "dated" property - eh, maybe, but it's no Motel 6.  The decor is Southwestern and that's something either people like or they don't.  I'm from New Mexico so it's not hideous to me.The single caveat is that there is a "resort fee" which is paid whether you use the lake boats, tennis courts or other amenities - or you don't.  I wish there was a way to get that $ back, but whatever...it's obviously not a deterrent to me and the place is still very enjoyable.Darin the bartender is awesome and the front desk staff have been very pleasant.
3	Just went to one of their weekly pool parties this weekend.  Was a great place to meet people and have fun in a great atmosphere!  We had a blast.  Thanks Millenium for hosting these parties -- My friends and I will be back!
3	Needed to stay here for business and got this place on priceline for cheap.  The name of the property implies a fancypants resort, but the reality is something that *was* fancypants in the late 80s.  I'm guessing that there isn't enough $ to remodel?  Anyhow, my room was clean, the front desk clerk who checked me in was very charming, and the pool very pretty, complete with a little waterfall ("little" being the operative adjective) and a lovely view of the golf course on which the property is located.  If I got another sweet deal on priceline for this place, I'd stay here.  I wasn't offended by the archaic decor!  I would get rid of the resort fee, as guests SHOULD have access to the property's amenities as part of their room rate.  Sheesh!4* for overall impression less 1* for decor and resort fee = 3*
2	The rooms are very hot in the Summer!  Guest services moved us from one hot room to another..the A'C's simply aren't capable of keeping up with the heat on the third floor.  The pool wasn't accessible until 6pm because the resort had opened it up for a public pool event.  The old girl is starting to show her age.  There's gotta be better options in Scottsdale!
3	We stayed here over the weekend because we had friends throwing a pool party there and wanted to take advantage of the cheap room rates and treat ourselves to a little staycation. We had fun down by the pool until the outdoor bar closed and were forced to deal with the inside bartender who, and I mean this in THE NICEST way possible, had the demeanor of a wet dishrag... Hey Guy! You work in a bar! Where people go to forget their troubles...put on a happy face, make some eye contact and pretend to be in a good mood when you charge me $5 for a regular-sized can of Bud Light and $10 for a 'frozen' strawberry daiquiri full of large ice chunks. I'll pay for expensive drinks if the atmosphere is right...but I'm not going to pay for that nonsense if you're just going to bring my buzz down. I can be bummed out, drink a bottle of wine and watch depressing Lifetime movies*** on my couch if that's the kinda service you're peddling! No gracias! Next stop...the room... Okay, so the rooms have OBVIOUSLY seen better days, the a/c is a noisy unit in the corner of the room...was it a/c? was it a swamp cooler? i'll never know...(welcome to 2011...let's start thinking about central air...) Kudos to the front desk guy for remembering to waive the resort fee based on the coupon/code/whatever thingy we used to book the room. Unfortunately, you get ZERO (or maybe even NEGATIVE ONE) kudos for not mentioning that the $25 dining credit is only good for the night you check in, not for breakfast the next morning. Our room DID have a lovely view though, and it was very peaceful and relaxing once we turned off the noisy a/c unit. Bonus: The rooms have mini-fridges... Minus: The miniature freezer had about 6 years worth of ice growing inside of it. Plus: They have alarm clocks Minus: The person who set our alarm clock was living in some weird distant future where I'm supposed to be jarred awake at 3:30 in the morning. HUGE PLUS (And this is why they get 3 stars instead of 2)...they removed all of the feathers from the room like I requested when I made the reservation...this may not seem like much, but considering my dismal stay at the Scottsdale Resort & Conference Center when my a/c at the house went out (AGAIN)...but I digress. That's all...seriously. (Note: Due to my (still) hostile feeling about SRCC, I am waiting until I simmer down to write their review)***Disclaimer: I do not watch Lifetime movies...depressing or otherwise...
3	Not to bad for the price we got on priceline. There was a fridge in the room and a comfy bed. The a/c units are a little weak but working. They had lots of things that you could take advantage of for the resort fee. The fitness center was cool with a couple treadmills, two bikes, and some weights. Not a bad location. We would stay here again.
4	This is a great value for central Scottsdale. Nice lobby, pool, restaurant, and lake view. Only a $12 cab to old town nightlife (use Discount Cab FYI). The rooms are a little outdated, but for $50 a night it's tough to complain. FYI they do charge a $15 "resort fee" on top of your priceline deal.
1	Dive hotel, been to nicer motel 6lawn covered in duck droppings - It looks nice on the website so we had friends stay here, big mistake.... don't bother unless  you are getting it for a great deal and don't care
3	VALUE AND GOOD FOR FAMILIESNot the greatest rooms, but very clean.  It's in need of an update, with light peach and whitewashed furniture, has a timeshare decor and feel.The positives, very friendly and responsive staff.  Beautiful setting on a lake (man-made I suppose), which made for a lovely place to have breakfast.  Even in the summer, the mornings are delightful.  The pool is great, with a waterfall, and kept very clean.The resort has tennis courts, a gym, bicycles, and paddle boats -- and allows free access to equipment.  Even offers fishing on premises!The price point is extremely fair for what you get here, and very central to everything in Scottsdale.  While this is not deluxe, I would stay here again without hesitation.
3	This hotel is located right by a 'lake' with lots of grass area. This alone is worth staying here. There are, unfortunately, a lot of downfalls that should really be addressed but the location alone would probably bring us back. I would like to give them four stars but there were just too many wrong things with our room and service. Pros: Again, location! It has a very relaxing atmosphere. The rooms are nicely arranged and each comes with a mini-fridge which is a big plus! The way they have the patios built make them very private. We had a nice location that opened right up to the grass area which our two year old loved. The comforters on the bed were nice and comfy but the sheets were rough.Cons: OK. Here we go....They have the snootiest young girls working at the inside bar and pool bar. They acted like they were just too good to help us. We used one of their paddleboats which comes with the $15 resort fee. The girl unlocks the one that has broken pedals and steering column. Huh? The room was not clean. There were dirty wrappers under the bed including a KY package. Luckily we found this before our two year old did. There was mold, and a lot of it, under the bath tub soap dish and corners of the tub. The drain was also clogged with who knows what. Toilet paper holder was broken. Bathroom sink faucet barely worked. The A/C is super loud but did work fine. Carpet was dirty. The vents were full of dust and dirt and our allergies kicked in pretty bad. The wi-fi, which is included in their resort fee, did not work. It did not work in our room and it did not work in their restaurant. When we mentioned it at the restaurant and to the front desk person they really did not seem to care or try to help us at all. The people at the front desk were nice at check in but not so helpful after that.All in all, the location worked great for us because our two year old had a lot of fun playing in the dirt and throwing rocks in the water. I just wish they would clean things up and train their employees a thing or two in customer service. If they would work on that, I could definitely see myself having changed my review to a five star rating.
1	Terrible service the general manager was rude and his guard dog attacked our dog while they were just sitting on the grass with their leashes on. With management like that I'm surprised this place is still in business. Customer service doesn't apply here. Find a better resort elsewhere. I'm sure a 30$ a night hotel would be a nicer place.
5	We stayed in the villas and it was really nice for the price. Great location and a nice view.  Within walking distance of restaurants and Starbucks and a golf course. There was great shopping nearby.
2	Front desk lady snappy and unpleasant. Hotel should be a 3 star (maybe it is. Haven't checked) Pool area looks nice. Rooms ok. TV is nice. A little mildew in the bathtub. I'll probably take a shower with my sandals on. Free WIFI great! I don't know? Bad first impression with that front desk goes a long way. I'm a little bitter right now. I bet this place would look nicer if I didn't get haggled over my groupon.
1	Sad, the photos on the web and other media are from when this place was built. Just stayed there and wow! What a crappy motel! I say crappy motel as it was like a motel, dirty carpet, mold and mildew in the bathrooms, terrible service/sarcasm from staff, erroneous fees on a incidental card, (over 300.00) for no services redered, stay away. Also, you have no opportunity to speak with management and they will continue to say they are not in.. Perhaps that is why this place is run like crap, no managment around...
1	I stayed here for a business trip (booked 2 nights) and noticed right away that the hotel grounds were very nice, but when I got up to the room, the carpets were stained and the room was very dirty and old. Well the first night, I got into bed and noticed...bedbugs. So horrible!!!  This was almost midnight.  They put me into a different room, but I didn't sleep all night.  I did not stay for the second night, checked into the Doubletree down the street instead which was much better. I'd say don't stay. What are the chances there are bedbugs in just one guestroom? Not very likely.
3	So I come to beautiful AZ for work and this is where I normally stay. It is in a good location in Scottsdale and close to the four offices I work at so it is cool. The service is always pretty good. The overall appearance is out dated but it is not bad looking. The food is pretty freaking food for hotel food. I have ordered salmon which was tdf! This morning I ordered a cheese omelette and it was good too! The pool is nice and so are the grounds overall. The one thing I didn't like was the woman at check in. She was not very helpful and seemed bothered on top of it. I tried redeeming my free appetizer for checking in but there was a catch, the bartender told me I had to sit down for a full dinner to redeem. Sucks!! Oh well, overall it was a nice stay.
3	We used to frequent this place years ago to eat, and decided to stop for a nightcap (We had a driver) on our way home from anniversary dinner. I was very quite and really hope business picks up or it could be another Scottsdale resort going under. Bartender @ Diamondbacks bar was friendly not much else to say...
4	Our company Christmas party has utilized this facility on 2 occasions. The staff have been prompt and friendly, keeping plenty of food on the line and taking away used glasses and dinner ware in a timely manner. My favorite part is the location. Just across the lake from the banquet facilities is some sort of  magical christmas light show. as the night was mild, hanging out by the lake with a drink in hand and staring at the lights is quite mesmerizing.
4	It was time again for our company Christmas party at the Millennium Resort! It's not super fancy, but I always like how the room opens up to the patio area and you have the view of Camelback Lake behind you. It makes for a very pretty party backdrop and they had heat lamps outside as well. Staff there was great at keeping the place neat and getting rid of plates and empty glasses.
2	I was there, along with family (including 2 kids ages 7 and 8), for a four day work/play stay.  We reserved a villa to accommodate the four of us.  The good points:  (i) the villa was comfortably sized and had a full kitchen; (ii) the food -- both in the Pinon Grill and from room service -- was well made and tasty; (iii) the staff is courteous, helpful and go out of their way to do things that are above and beyond; and (iv) the grounds are lovely and well maintained.  The bad points: (i) the place is very dated and it is clear that the main hotel and the villas have not been renovated for a long time -- probably since the early 1980s, judging from the decor; (ii) the villa we stayed in was quite run down -- the blinds are bent, missing pieces so that people can see right into the master bedroom, the TV is an old, old model (but worked fine), the carpet is shabby; (iii) the plumbing in the second bathroom backed up twice; (iv) room service dishes not cleared for two days even though they were called every day and promised to do it each time; (v) at night in the living room, hundreds of black flying midges swarm along the ceiling above the lamp - it was disconcerting; and (vi) housekeeping is lackluster and they forget to stock things like toilet paper.  Having said that, the price charged was very reasonable and the hotel is in a nice location with access to nearby running trails and urban parks.  The kids actually loved the place.  On balance, I would not go back - I am happy to pay more for better accommodations and no plumbing problems.
1	This is one of the worst hotels I have stayed at and the worst kind of hotel. It is a shabby motel masquerading as a somewhat upscale hotel. First of all to call yourself a resort and villa is pretty laughable. This hotel is rundown with 20 plus year old room. The carpet in mine was buckled by the airconditioner in an obvious leak that made me uncomfortable to sleep there. The middle of my carpet was covered and I mean visibly covered in brown stains. The drain on the faucet turned halfway around it was so loose. Terrible cheap shower head. Musty smelling everywhere. No room service at late night like a motel but again, not like a resort. All this for nearly 200 dollars a night! Are you freaking kidding me. To top it all off they have a 20 dollar resort fee. This is the most offensive, for what. I landed late at night after a long journey with an early business meeting the next day. The nice man at the front desk checks me in and tell me he has a king bed for me which I prefer and oh I am in luck I get a junior suite or something. Then I get to my room and it is two queens and the same room as my co worker 10 doors down. So I call down to inquire what happened and they put me on hold, for about 5 minutes. So I hang up, do some stuff, call back and they put me on hold again. Brendan at the front desk, not the guy who checked me in finally comes back on and says we are trying to find a king room for me. Well a "resort" would come on the line 5 minutes ago and say they would call me back or something.Then i call down for room service and they say it is not open this late, which I would never expect from a motel of course, but thought hey. So I say do you have vending machines. "Yes they are on the first floor near the elevator." I head down and they are no where to be found near the elevators. I walk over to Brendan and he says, "oh down the end of the hall on the first floor." Well that isn't exactly near the elevators but ok. I go down there and the drink machine is out of order. That would have been nice to know either when I called down with a polite, byt he way the drink machine is not working, or better yet when I asked you the second time. Again it is ok for a hotel to be this cheap and dingy but you should know it is cheap and dingy and you should pay a cheap and dingy price for it. I hate a hotel that pretends to be something it is not. Slap a motel 6 on this place and call a spade a spade.
2	**This is a dining review only** 2.5 stars - While very pricey, the quality of the food and service are top notch. The portion sizes of the appetizers do not justify the inflated prices, but the entrees were decent portions. 1 star - "Caprese" - 3 slices of mozzarella cheese, 3 slices of tomato drizzled with olive oil and aged balsamic for $8.00.1.5 stars -  "Borracho Shrimp" - 8 small overcooked shrimp and 4 slices of toasted roll (~ 2 sq.in. ea) in 3/4 cup of buttery beer blanc for $11.25.5 stars -  "Classic Burger" - Angus beef cooked perfectly to order includes fries or fruit for $10.00. (X2)2 stars - "Well Vodka" for $6.75. (X3)3 stars  - "Coors Light" for $4.00 (X2)Total = $67.50 plus tax and tip.
4	My company had a party here so I rented a room so I wouldn't have to drive after I'd been drinking. PROS: Cheap rates, easy online booking, friendly staff, nice rooms, 24 hour fitness center, refreshing cucumber water in lobby, they hand deliver any necessities you may have forgotten at home (such as toothpaste)  and the staff is fast to respond to any questions or concerns.CONS: Pool closes early, room service has hidden fees that aren't disclosed up front, staff unfamiliar with layout of resort, and the free breakfast they offer as part of the room rate is for kids which they don't mention until you order.
1	I never stayed here or visited here .... the one-star rating is because after my fiancee and I got engaged, he and I really wanted to take a tour of the facility as a possible wedding venue.  I emailed two different people three times with NO response.  We had seen ratings online and pictures on the website and were really excited that we could potentially have the wedding there but they never gave us the option since no one ever responded back to us.  I contacted Mari Lambie directly and their general email box mccormick@mhrmail.com both both were completely ignored.  These are the two email addresses that I had found online and my only contact information.  It is disappointing a venue would have this kind of customer service but I am very happy I did not follow through because I would never want to have a wedding venue where they do not respond back to you.
2	For the most part, this place is ok. I would have only left one star had the view outside the restaurant not been as cool as it is. Typical hotel, needs some improvement on the decor, design is a little out dated, and the accessories and hardware in the bathrooms are way out dated and tacky. Restaurant is ok for breakfast but that's about it. Bar was nice but my biggest gripe... the fact that their official closing time is "late" which means the bartender can close whenever he wants. If he is making money, he stays open. If it is slow, and he isn't making money, he closes. This is way too inconsistent for their guests. We plan our evening out in advance and not knowing if the bar will be open for a late evening cocktail before bed is critical. I think this policy needs changing... close at 9 every night but at least post it so we know! Otherwise we would have stayed at the bar at the restaurant a bit longer before paying for a ride back to the hotel! Will we stay there again? Because of this... no. If the manager is reading... think this one threw because a simple fix could help save business.
