4	You want a pizza, but you want it your way. Build your own! I suppose you can build a pizza any way you like at most any pizza places, but go to Pie Zanos Kitchen to choose from an extensive list of House Pizzas or create any combination from a sizable list of toppings (which include asparagus and sweet potato... no, really.)I tend to work outside of the "norm" and will order the most bizarre items on the menu at any new place I try. I'm at a pizza place, so what do I order? The Cheeseburger Pizza. Instead of traditional sauce, the crust is topped with red sauce, mustard and A1 Brand Steak Sauce. Ever had pickles on a pizza? You will if you order this one. The crust is even covered in sesame seeds like a hamburger bun. Other House Pie varieties include the Bordertown, the Bo Diddley and the Volcano. One feature that sets it apart from any other pizza place I've been is the offering of frittatas. Yes. Frittatas. I have yet to try one but in varieties similar to their different styles of pizza, they do look intriguing. Three varieties of sandwich are also available (Meatball, Pie-Talian and Veggie Medley). A full coffee and espresso bar are at your beck and call to compliment your meal or you can go with the standard sodas. Beer and wine are also available.Pie Zanos Kitchen won the Phoenix Magazine "Best New Restaurant" Award for 2005 and has won the Phoenix New Times "Best of Phoenix" award. Next time you are wandering aimlessly around Town & Country Shopping Center, stop by and try a pizza the way you want it.
5	I am soooooo in love with Pie Zanos :)  Is it bad I have eaten dinner there the past 2 nights in a row?At Pie Zanos you can create the craziest pizza you can think of.  They have white or wheat crust to choose from, tons of sauces (alfredo, red, BBQ, etc), cheeses, herbs, flavored crusts, and a whole array of meats, veggies, and fruit...I love pineapple!So, I have gone with the alfredo and pesto mix sauce, the three cheese blend, tons of fresh garlic...and I mean tons, and for the topper, pineapple for the past two nights.  It is all I ever wanted in a pizza, cheesy, garlic-ky, and with a bit of sweet on top.My brother went with pesto alfredo, three cheese mix, garlic, basil and gyro meat.  I know, have you ever seen that as a topping option.  This is what makes the place so great!This is the time of year to enjoy the outside seating.  Perfect day or night with people wandering around Town & Country.As for the frittatas, I had one a few months ago on a lazy Sunday morning.  Personalized and perfect just like the pizzas :)  So, if anyone wants to talk me into having another one, just let me know!
4	I've been two Pie-Zanos twice now and I think my wife did the best job of describing the format of this unique dining experience:  Subway for Pizza.  Of course, this is not to imply that Pie-Zanos is staffed by mouth-breathing "pizza artists" or stocked with sub-par ingredients and generally filthy.  On the contrary, this "Subway of Pizza" is staffed by congenial and hip 20-30 somethings who are eager to please by heaping  tons of fresh and flavorful ingredients  onto your individual personalized pizza. Pie-Zanos allows you to pick from wheat or white dough and from up to 8 different sauces.  From there you can add herbs and crust flavoring and then you can pick from 6-8 different cheeses.  Then you select from the widest selection of pizza toppings you'll find anywhere.   The fare is basically affordable as long as you don't go apeshit on toppings (55 cents each after the first).   As a special bonus they have Pepsi products.   I have also enjoyed the breadshits which are fresh and delightful and pair nicely with the traditional red marinara as well as the tomato-pesto. My only complaints with Pie-Zanos and what keeps it from achieving 5 stars is how busy it gets at lunch, limited indoor seating and the fact that they allow children's birthday parties which, when mixed with ubiquitous bad parenting, quickly turns a hip and snazzy pizza joint into a Chuck-E-Cheese's.
4	While I'm sort of enamored of Chicago-style pizza at the moment, I really enjoyed getting to create my own pie at Pie Zano's. There's just something extra fun about inventing your own pizza, and fortunately, they're small enough for one. That way, your friends can't whine when you get onions and green apples, because they can put whatever they want on their own pizza. I have a menu somewhere, and when I find it, I'm going to work out the math of how many different pies you can make. There are SO MANY options - regular or wheat dough, lots of different cheeses, herbs, and so many toppings it will hurt your brain. Seriously. Green apples and onions. You can get that. And it's good (especially with the tomato-pesto sauce).
5	I have to agree with everybody below, this place is GREAT!  What a concept, make your own pizza.  Didn't Kramer talk about this a long time ago?  Don't forget about the divine salads and the sandwiches!  Again with the "make your own" thing.  I like having lots of accouterments in my salad, and this is the place to do it.  And hey, what's with it being soooooo cheap?  How do they do that and keep a friendly staff?A 5 STAR MUST DINE AT
4	This is a great little place in what you might consider an obscure shopping plaza. When I was walking up to Pie Zano's to get my carry-out order, I felt transplanted to another place and time. Hard to explain, but maybe you can understand. Immediately I loved the cobble-stone walkways with surrounding places with patio seating. There was a distinct night chill in the air, so I felt drawn to the orange subtle glow of Pie Zano's lights, beckoning me inside.  I soon discovered that Pie Zano's has weekly specials and hosts acoustic music on Thursday evenings. You can even tailor make your own pie or go with one of their own house specials. I ordered the Garden and Greek. The latter was very, very delicious. If that's not all, this place also has a coffee menu and offers muffins and fresh fruit, along with (as everyone has pointed out) sandwiches and frittatas. The inside seating appears cozy, like you're sitting among friends, talking about everyday things, like world affairs or music, while you enjoy a one-of-a-kind pie with a glass of wine or beer. I definitely want to go back and dine here. Sure, carry out was fantastic and the two pies I ordered were really good, but I think part of Pie Zano's experience is being tucked away in the Town & Country shopping plaza. It's like a whole 'nother world here and Pie Zano's sits among the company of a pita place and a cajun kitchen.Pie Zano's is the type of place that's perfect for any and every occasion. If I lived nearby, I'd walk here for coffee and breakfast. It's a great option for lunch, as well. And I'd definitely treat a friend to a pie. You just can't go wrong with Pie Zano's. 4 stars - only because I didn't have the complete dining experience.
4	I really like the pizza here, especially the Greek. Also the Natural...who would've ever thought of apples and honey on pizza? Pie Zano's I guess, and it's delicious. Also, the patio is the place to sit when the weather's agreeable.
4	This place has been one of my faves for a while now.  You can make your own pizza or try one of their combos.  My gf likes the Greek.  I like the Natural and the Classic.  It's got a cozy atmosphere and a friendly staff.  Outside seating is a plus ... oh and they serve one of my favorite beers--Peroni.  Excellent for people that like low-key dining.
4	This place is open for breakfast, I love pizza for breakfast and this is the only place I know off that serves it. The pizza crust is precooked and rather average but this does eliminate the doughy center problem. I do like the 3 choices, white, wheat and Glutton free. This place is all about the toppings. Everything looked fresh and there were so many choices. There are 4 choices of herbs to add, and even sesame seeds or other  things to add to the crust edge. Several sauce and cheese choices are great too. I would rate it a full 5 stars except for the crust. This place is definitely great in all the other options you can choose...And they are open for breakfast!!
3	This pizza place is just okay.  I've never been super wow'd by my pizza there and I LOVE PIZZA!  My boyfriend really likes it... so it's just a matter of opinion and taste.
4	It's like Subway for pizza! I loved all the choices, even as overwhelming as they were and making your own pizza is a cool idea. The place was extremely crowded on a Friday at lunchtime and we had to wait for a table, but only for a couple of minutes. Perhaps a hostess would be nice to make sure that one jackass by himself doesn't occupy a table for 4 and screw everything up. The price was pretty fair, with a pizza and drink being under $10. The dough though, was garbage and tasted like a 2 year old digiorno (ask me how I know that taste) but with the right ingredients and spices you can cover it up pretty easily. I want to go back, and when I do I will make sure it is not peak lunch hour, as it was just way too packed.
4	I love this place! My co-workers and I have lunch here on occassion and we have yet to try something from the wonderfully creative menu that we don't like. The people running this place are some of the nicest I've come across in food service in quite a while.  I've only been for dinner once and it was almost closing time but they did not try to rush us one bit. The most recent pizza I tried was the ponderosa- it has ranch and BBQ with chicken, tomato and onion (which I switched out for red peppers at the suggestion of the guy behind the counter) and it was delicious! I would also recommend their salad, the house dressing is really good. They have a small selection of wine and beer too...
4	Pie Zanos Kithen is one of my favorite lunch spots. The space itself is warm, open, and inviting. It can be a little crowded at noon, but if you arrive by 11 or after 1, you shouldn't have much of a wait.Every single time you enter the building, you will be greated by the absolute nicest people. They genuinely enjoy their work and it shows!The menu can be a little overwhelming at first, but simply check out their website to familiarize yourself with the concept of (build your own pizza or salad) and you will be good to go. The staff will also walk you through your choices if you indicate that you haven't been there before. http://www.piezanoskitchen.com/default.aspMy two favorite items are: 1) the Greek Pizza (Pesto, Feta, Gyros Meat, Red Onion, Kalamata Olives, and a Garlic Crust) with the addition of fresh mushrooms - seriously good eating right there on that little pizza pan. 2) The House Salad with a choice of cheese, four veggies, and choice of dressing -- sounds simple, but they don't have your run of the mill veggies to choose from and you can make some tantalizing combinations if you get creative!  The Bo Diddley pizza is yummo also, but one of my two favorites usually wins out in the ordering process.I've never been here for breakfast, but the menu looks great and if the quality of lunches is any indications, I would imagine that their Fritattas and Espresso are finger lickin' good.Happy Hour is daily from 4:00 to 7:00 p.m. and as mentioned by some other reviewers they do have live entertainment options throughout the week.PZK was voted New Times Best New Restaurant of 2005 in the Phoenix area and they have definately kept up the good vibe!
4	A good friend of mine suffers from Celiac disease so she cannot have wheat products.  She was excited to find this place offers a gluten free crust so we headed over there for dinner.  The staff was friendly and knowledgeable about what she could and could not have on the menu.  We showed up during happy hour (4-7pm) and they had $2 wine and beer.  $2 for a Peroni! I would go just for that.  I chose a Veggie Medley sandwich and my friends got pizzas and salads.  We were all very pleased with what we got and with the helpful staff.  I would definitely go back!!
4	I don't like regular pizza, so this my pizza place of choice.  The Bo-Diddley is great.  The service is good and the staff works hard, but looks like they enjoy themselves.  The pricing is a tiny bit high for what you get, but I still make two meals out of one pizza, so it works for me (no one else I know can make two meals out of the pizza...so if you've got a healthy appetite, don't expect leftovers.)  Pass on the garlic cheese bread, unless you've got an incredible craving for it...it's just average.  The salads are good.
4	The pizza is pretty good, as are the salads.  What makes Pie Zanos unique, is the diversity of toppings to choose from.  I dig the fact that I can have a pizza with Tofu, red beans, sweet potatoes, and Frito's if I want.  I will never get that pizza, but it's nice to know that I could.BTW...Pie Zanos has a great happy hour special...half off all appetizers.
4	OMG! They have Gluten-Free Pizza & Beer! This might not mean anything to 99% of you reading this, but for people like me who can't eat anything with wheat in it and thus can't eat normal things like pizza, beer, bread, etc...this place is heaven on earth! They have a great variety of pizza combo's to choose from (both normal and the gluten free variety) and the staff is really up on their gluten-free product knowledge and go to great lengths to avoid cross-contamination. You can build your own personal pizza for around $6-7 bucks and they have weekday specials and happy hours.They carry Redbridge Gluten Free Beer and also have gf desserts in addition to all the regular staples you would find at a great neighborhood pizza bistro. My husband really likes their pizza and a friend of mine tried the pasta and ravioli and really liked it.Check this place out if you have the chance. It's right next to Trader Joe's.
4	Your first time here WILL be awkward. It's like being in elementary school and the teacher throwing you up to the front of the class for an impromptu speech on your favorite classmate... so many classmates, so many friends! i'm dying of choices!!!"Where is the menu?" is a good place to start.after the initial awkwardness of having too many choices and not enough time to choose, you begin to really appreciate having so much control over the flavor that is going into your pie. everything from feta to mozzarella, artichokes to avocado, rosemary to basil, you can create your pizza like you create your salads. You choose your crust and your toppings and it's all baked to perfection. i used to work next-door to this delectable option of lunch-time fun. the staff was certainly very friendly and the owner even more personable.on days like today, i miss it.
1	We tried the new Pie Zanos at Cactus and Tatum tonight. I have to agree with previous posts that say it's the "Subway" of pizza.  The Mediterranean Salad was good, but the Pizza's were bland, the crust was nondescript, and the toppings had no flavor. We had the Baked Ravioli app, they were good, but the marinara sauce was cold.   I LOVE pizza, but this place was truly lacking, I wouldn't go back. It left me longing for Nick's across the street.
5	Pie Zanos Kitchen offers a unique pizza experience.  They sell individual pizza pies that can include a wide range of toppings from the traditional to the bizarre, making it a great place for a group with various tastes or diets.  You can choose from one of their specialty pies with such names as the Volcano, Bordertown and Bo Diddley, or make your own pizza creation.  When you create your on pie you start by choosing your crust (white, wheat, gluten free, focaccia bread, or flavored crust), then choose from 8 sauces, select from 7 different cheeses, add any extra herbs/seasonings you would like, then it is to the toppings... If you didn't come up with something strange from the sauces and cheese, the toppings is where you can go crazy.  They offer over 20 veggies including such oddities as pickle slices, sweet potato, and corn. For meats you have your standards plus gyro meat, sliced meatballs and tofu.  In addition to pizza, they have salads (one that you select your veggies and cheese), sandwiches, soup, and breakfast items featuring frittatas (of course you can build your own). Finally, they do have a wine and beer selection with happy hour specials from 4-7pm.
4	I am such a customization freak when it comes to food, so I get really really excited whenever we go to a place that let's me pick out all of my toppings, no matter how weird they seem to be.  The husband and I actually only came here because Baby Kay's was closed, but that was perfectly fine with me.  We had actually been here once before when we were first dating and we had breakfast here.  I remember it being pretty good.The menu offers you quite a few options.  There are salads, preset pizza flavors, and then the oh-so-awesome make your own pizza exactly the way you want it option.  Obviously I chose the latter.  First I had to choose between a white, wheat, or gluten-free pizza crust.  I chose wheat.  Then you can pick a seasoning.  I went for Italian.  Then you get a sauce choice, I chose alfredo but there were like 7 other options.  Then comes the cheese, and I picked the white cheese mix, which is a combo of mozzarella, provolone, and parmesan.  Finally, the toppings.  There are so many to choose from it's amazing.  I limited myself to mushrooms, asparagus, italian sausage, and bacon.  Let me tell you, this pizza was amazing.  It may not be your dream, but it was heaven to me.I love this place, it's totally awesome.  It's hard to go wrong when you customize something exactly for yourself.  Definitely give this place a try sometime, it's totally worth it.
3	When I first heard about this place, I thought it would be like a Sizzler with an oven.  They give you the dough and then you just load all the toppings on yourself and then they cook it for you.  While I still think that would be a better idea, this isn't too bad either.It's like Subway with pizza.  There are so many options and so many toppings that there really should be something for everyone here.  You probably can't go wrong once you find the right pizza.Why three stars then?  Because I don't like thin crust.  I want a pizza, not a tortilla.  There should be dough and it, by definition, should be DOUGHY.  I know the concept wouldn't really work if they did thicker crust pizzas but I would be willing to wait 20 minutes for a good crust.  I also marked them down for their red sauce.  It just didn't have any flavor to it.  Just tomato sauce, plain and simple.I'll go back to try something different but my Hawaiian pizza was not up to my normal standards.
4	you know what makes this place so awesome? they sell gluten-free beer called redbridge(made by anheuser busch). you heard it right. beer without wheat or barley. sounds crazy but it's actually quite good - somewhere between a light blue moon and kiltlifter. and it's only $2 from 4-7 (along with all of their wine and beer). very cute, quaint atmosphere in this shopping center filled with gems. the place is quite large with lots of seating and a view-while-they make it style kitchen. the possibilities are endless for their pizzas. i went with 2 apps (which were 1/2 off during happy hour) - the breaded ravioli and pesto sticks- and a pepperoni, jalepeno, and 3-cheese blend pizza on foccacia bread. the guy at the register was super friendly and suggested i try that gluten free beer - i'll admit i was hesitant at first and i had faith he wouldn't lead me wrong. our pizza and apps were served to us when we sat down. everything was delicious. the breaded raviolis were my fav. i've never had a pizza on foccacia bread before but i'd order it again. it was the perfect size to split between my girlfriend and i and we walked out of there full and happy - and only $14 poorer. cheap good pizza and beer. go pie zanos.
4	Pie Zano's...File this one under "Super Yummy Can't Wait To Go Back!"We've been a fan of Pie Zano's for quite some time now.  It's a quaint neighborhood eatery where you can make your own pizza, salad or sandwich.  It's great for vegetarians, carnivores, and omnivores alike.  I've probably eaten my way through about half of their menu and so far have never been disappointed.  A few of my favorites are the Pie-talian sandwich, chicken ranchero sandwich, the garden pizza and the buffalo pizza.  There was a lot of local buzz about a gluten free beer, Redbridge, so I gave it a try.  It's good.  Can't really tell any difference between it and non-gluten free beer.  It's a great place for lunch.  A sandwich, chips and a fountain drink are just under $10.  For those of you in the Northwest Valley, the owner said he's getting ready to open up a new location in the Arrowhead Mall part of town.  It won't be in the mall, but close to it.  Check it out soon!  Super friendly staff, consistently good food and great atmosphere are reasons I go back.  You should too!
4	I love the whole wheat crust here!  Tonight I tried the buffalo chicken pizza and was sad that I couldn't eat it because it was way too spicy.  So I settled for stealing a piece of my daughter's pizza :-)  She got ham and pineapple!  If you go here expecting a traditional pizza you'll be frustrated, but if you keep an open mind and get creative, you'll get a delicious treat with just the toppings you want!
4	This place scores high with me because you can customize any pizza you like.  That's hard to find at many pizza joints.  You get a cool vibe inside the restaurant as well as the whole shopping area around it.  I really suggest getting a pizza and sitting on the patio outside in the courtyard.  While sitting outside in the courtyard it always gives me a feeling like I'm outside the Phoenix metro and in an area with culture.  I guess this is the real reason I come here, the pizza is great with the versatility, but only 4 stars in my book as regards with the taste and ingredients.
4	Maybe Im just fickle.. but I love the idea of choosing my own toppings for my pie! This has fast become my girls nite takeout place.. Too many girls, too many desires! Here everyone gets the right amount on the personal sized pizzas.. and their wants and needs are meant.. all the way down to the crust... Salads are kick zano.. ! YUMMY for the pie... Friendly and swift service..
5	For some reason, I just REALLY like Pie Zanos. My husband typically gets the sandwiches (soooo good) or pizza but my favorite part is the salad bar. You can pick all your own toppings and make a deliciously fresh and generous salad. The Pie Zanos house dressing and house balsamic dressing is a delicious mix.  Cute and easy vibe for eating on the patio and people watching in Town & Country. Oh, and they're part of Southwest Airlines Dining Rewards program! Big plus.
4	My husband and I and some friends stumbled upon Pie Zanos. It was so good, we'll be back. It's a build-your-own-personal-pizza concept: build a pizza from the ground up, including the type of crust you want (wheat or white), type of sauce, cheese, toppings. It's a great Phoenix experience because they had plenty of tables outside to enjoy the gorgeous winter temps and the other bonus was they served wine and beer as well. Order inside, and the server will bring your pies out. We tried the "Greek Pizza" - which was yummy, but not my favorite. I think because the base of the pizza was pesto sauce. I think a garlic olive oil base would have made it better. The winner of our group's "taste test" was a pizza combo that my friend Michele built. It wasn't a combination I think I would have come up on my own, but it tasted wonderful so I thought I would pass it along: wheat crust, red sauce, spinach, feta cheese, mozzarella cheese, ham, mushrooms, and basil. Go with a group and share your pizza's and I hope you have as much fun as we did!
3	Pie Zanos is an interesting place that is most well-known for their custom mini-pizzas.The base for the pizza is a round flat-bread (think of a flattened out pita). This base for the pizza moves through an assembly line of sorts, where you can define different sauces and toppings. You want a spicy buffalo wing chicken pizza? They can make it. You want a generic pepperoni pizza? They've got you covered.This is great and all, but my complaint is that when it's all said and done, you're still left with the lowest common denominator: the mini-pizza's crappy pre-made pita-like crust. I found the end result to be bland and boring. It resembled a pizza, but didn't taste or feel like one.
4	Oh I love you you darling little place!  My long-time boyfriend worked at a video game development company in the area and every time I would meet him for lunch there was never a question:  We were having Pie Zanos.The line always looks intimidating, but don't be fooled!  They will move you through!You pick your dough, you pick your crust flavorings/seasonings, you pick your amazing (glorious) toppings... If you love fun food, fast food, and GREAT food - have Pie Zanos!
3	Focaccia sandwiches are quite tasty, though they do not do their own bread or crusts here (a bakery sends them in).  Neat idea with having a Subway-style line of picking toppings, sauces, crust, etc. but then it is quite annoying when the indecisive types are in front of you in the line.  Another issue is the lack of sufficient ovens for handling lunchtime rushes.  If there's a moderately long line in front of you, just remember how many pizzas will have to go through the oven until it's your turn.Prices are reasonable for what you get.  Crust is a little chewy and cardboardy, and reminds me of some of the grocery store pizza brands' version of thin crust.
3	We went here for an early dinner on a recent Friday night.  I had been to the original location many years ago, whilst the wife had never gone before.  Only a couple of tables were taken, but as we were there the place got a decent crowd going as more traditional dinner time came rolling around.  Anywho, one of my first impressions of the place was not too favorable, the descriptions on the menu board were so small, I could barely read them.  We took a to-go menu to a table to sit down so we could review everything and have an idea of what each specialty pizza was.  After a bit, I went up and ordered while the wife manned the table.  First, we shared an order of toasted ravioli.  This was a nice reminder of some time we've spend in STL.  The ravioli were pre-cooked (probably fried), then baked.  The wife did not like that the marinara to dip in was cold, I don't really dip so I didn't care.  For her, I ordered a 'Natural' pizza, which had apples and some other stuff on it.  I decided to build a custom pie with foccacia, pesto, provolone, garlic and sun dried tomatoes.  I almost didn't get that because some how my 'pizza artist' (I don't know if that's what they actually call them...) started to make the pizza without my input.  I literally had to ask her if I could give her some direction...  Anywho, the food came out pretty quickly, and everything was good, and the employees were friendly.Torn between three and four stars, definitely needs the half here, but I'm going to round down, mainly because I was really annoyed with the small menu board, and while it was good, I doubt I'll be going here again, as I can make a pesto foccacia pizza at home that just as good and only slightly more work.  (Another interesting thing...at least two other parties came in while we were there, checked out the menu, and then left...unsure if they thought there was going to be waiter service or what...)
4	SADNESS! Pie Zanos has closed. :(
3	I'm almost ashamed to admit that I went here because of one of those sign-spinners that stand by the road and wave huge placards around trying to get your business.  In my defense, I was poor and hungry and they were advertising a $5 lunch deal.  So across two lanes (yes, I looked first) and into the parking lot I went.First off, I will say for $5, it's worth it.  Sure, it's kind of a tiny little pizza, but the ingredients aren't too bad and the combinations they put together are pretty novel as well.  I had some southwest-themed pizza that was filling, but unremarkable beyond that.  They did appear to have a wide selection of ingredients for creating your own pizzas and such, which did look very good.  But like I said, I was on the poor side and the lunch specials kept calling my name.One thing worth mentioning about Pie Zanos is that they do have vegan and gluten-free options for those that want/need them.  While it seems strange for a pizza and sandwich shop, I know many people that would benefit from that.
5	Widmer Hef sign in window...check!! How can you not stop and try it right??!? Pizza and sammies made to order...check! They even have gluten free options, awesome! I had the veggie medley it was delicous and big enough to share with someone if you wanted. Roasted spinach, mushroom, red pepper, caramelized onion, garlic, pesto, provolone cheese. Yum yum yum! Subway aint got nothin' on this place! The meatball was an even bigger sandwich you have been warned you will be taking home half of your food. I will be back asap this may be my fav new lunch spot while I'm out shopping out here!
5	I first heard about Pie Zanos here on Yelp while searching for dining out ideas in Peoria.  I'm a big fan of the independents, and I go out of my way to check them out whenever I can.  Pie Zanos was a nice find.I've never been to a build your own pizza place and it took me a couple of minutes to find my groove.  The pizza servers were quick to explain the process.  I read that it's a little like a Subways except with pizza and that's a fairly accurate assessment.  I got a wheat crust pizza with tomato sauce, wing sauce, mozzarella cheese, sausage, green olives, garlic, and black pepper.  You get the picture - you can highly customize your personal pizza.  I really liked this aspect of pizza creation.  Whenever I order a large pie for the family, compromises must be made.  Here at Pie Zanos, it's all about me!My daughter wasn't as adventurous and got a Pepperoni & Sausage pizza with garlic powder and pepper.  My wife got a Chicken Ranchero sandwich that looked amazing.  It was a little on the large side, so I traded a slice of my pizza for half of her sandwich.  The bread was the most remarkable part of the sandwich.  I could eat just the bread with some of the ranchero sauce and consider it a good meal.There was a small line ahead of us, but the servers moved things along pretty fast.  One of the things I like about independent  establishments is how the owners are personable and go the extra mile to take care of customers.  The owner, Jayce, came out from behind the counter to personally welcome us and check on the quality of the meal.  Great meal...great dining experience.  5 Stars.
5	Went back again this time as an experienced pizza-orderer.  I got a wheat crust pizza with red pesto sauce, mozzarella cheese, real garlic, black pepper, jalapenos, gyro meat, spinach, and a side of wing sauce.  One word --- AMAZING!  As you can tell by the majority of my reviews, I like pizza.  I think I am momentarily hooked on Pie Zanos, because I like pizza experimenting on the fly.  Enjoy!
5	Very good pizza! Highly recommended!!Also, someone commented on here that they have closed down.They certainly have not.  Just went there for the first time yesterday (6/12/2010) and will definitely be going back :)
3	Incredibly slow for food to be prepared.  If there's a short line in front of you then forget it at lunch time - you'll easily wait a half hour for a mini pizza or sandwich.  And there's just no real sense of urgency either.  Places like this are disingenuous with their ordering at the counter scheme.  If it takes this long, it should be full service.Sandwiches are very good with their bread (even though the bread isn't actually made there, they told me).  Pizza is very, very forgettable.
5	Fantastic Pizza!
2	So I am really at a loss for the how the reviews for this place are any good.  I went due to a snag and save deal I got online and am grateful for it because I still spent too much money.First I got a salad and it had stale croutons and really no flavor.  Then came the pizza.  I got the Boarder Runner pie and it had premade crust and just generic low quality toppings.  I just don't get the idea of the restaurant and really wish they cared more about the product they put on the table.
5	Lots of options with fresh ingredients. And healthy choices too. I've eaten here several times and have never been disappointed. They have a little bar too that serves beer and wine. Yum yum!
4	Well Pie Zanos is no longer at the location on 75th Ave and Bell.   After a short stint here it looks like they packed up everything and moved to 51st Ave and Bell.  The new address on their website is 5060 West Bell Rd.  I hope the change in venue works out for them.
1	I liked the pizza but...We both used debit cards to pay. They give us a receipt, no problem. Then they come to our table and tell us, sorry the card didn't go through we need to run them again. We both reluctantly give them our cards to be run again. Another receipt, ok I'll be checking my account to make sure I was only charged once. Then they tell us AGAIN that the card didn't go through. I said look, I am not comfortable with my card being run three times for one meal. The nice lady said don't worry about it, it was our fault, your meals are on us.So at that point we both said ok, we will come back again. They took care of it the way they should have. But the story doesn't end there. They come to our table AGAIN and tell us sorry, the owner said we have to charge you. I said no way are you running my card again, this is ridiculous. The guy said ok I'll pay for your meals out of my own pocket. And said he was sorry. Well, it wasn't his fault and we didn't want him to have to pay for our meals. So we gave them our cards AGAIN and got our third receipt.It wasn't the staff's fault, the machine was not working properly. But the owner telling them that we had to pay after they had already to us we didn't was really bad business. He couldn't swallow $20 to keep two customers happy?Well we won't be back. If he is that greedy he won't get our business.
4	Went here with some coworkers for lunch one day. Awesome service, prices aren't bad, and the food is pretty good!
5	Yummy!! Great pizza, fun owner, and very allergy-friendly.
5	Finally tracked this place down again and had a nice chat with the owner.  Still love their tasty little personal pizzas... I can't help but love a place that makes me choose from 10 different things I want.  And not only that... but I remember that fact and want to go back.Glad you still exist!
2	Value is the key word in this equation. If I spend 15 on a pizza, I want a decent pizza. This left the lady and I looking at each other wondering where the rest of it was. We ended up scavenging for salad stuff at home to ensure we were filled up. The pizza was good, but not what I really was hoping to get. Sorry guys, but I'll be going back to Barro's for my pie...
5	They have relocated to 51st Ave and Bell Road (NE Corner, by BJ's Auto Spa). Wheat crust pizza and gourmet toppings are what makes this place great. Haven't tried their salads and sandwiches yet.
5	This is a very nice little restaurant. You could find yourself talking with the owner more than likely.  Nice way to serve up a pizza. Very friendly place
3	This place reminds me of a "subway" but for pizza.  It is decent food, but a little over processed in my opinion.  When I went, I was under the impression that i could get a glass of wine, but they didn't have any.  The appetizers we got were pesto bread sticks.  They were OK, but I was kind of hoping they would be more fresh.  I'd give this place a try. For the price, it's really pretty decent.
4	Fun quick concept that brings some of that chipotle prepare as you go style. The pizza is actually very good.  The owner who has experience in the restaurant business really focused on making this concept and I believe he is executing it well. Download the app on the App Store, you can order and he will be there checking his iPhone when you order.  Last thing is don't let the fact that this place is in the same building as a gas station fool you, definitely not the best thing to do in my opinion but hey its worth the try.
1	What a great concept for making money. Buy a Quiznos type toasting machine, some 12" pizza dough rounds, slap some ingredients on top and ship them down he conveyor belt and wham'o! you have a $15 gourmet pizza. I can't even fathom the profit margin on those little puppies. The pizza tastes good but so does a lot of other pizza, it is only exceptional in the fact it is an exceptionally horrible value. $30 (including $5 tip) got us a 12" pizza (Greek @ 15.99) and Anti Pasta salad ($7.74). Even now I am trying to do the math in my head an figure out how it was so much money.    We picked up the pizza and salad to go and immediately drove to Little Caesars to gets something to fill what was going to be a giant hole in our stomachs.
1	First with the good, every tasted good.  Now the bad one the price to start and the portions.  The pizza we purchased was 40.00 and maybe should have been 20.00.  The large pizza is the size of any regular small pizza.  We tryed it because it was new to us and will never be back.  Don't waste your time or money try Pullanos a real pizza place.
5	FUN! FUN! FUN!This staff knows their stuff! They were able to answer any and all questions thrown at them. They make the art of pizza FUN! My daughter loved being able to pick her own toppings and see how it would look. The gentleman making her pizza was making her laugh and having it look fun. The owner walked around and made sure everyone was pleased with their creation. VERY FUN atmosphere!Amazing staff!Fantastic owner!Great food!
1	CLOSED. Went yesterday 9/25 and there was a "For Lease" sign over the Pie Zanos sign
1	I found this place with Yelp for gluten free pizza, I will never bother step foot in here again!All their pizza dough's are pre-made and not freshly made.The servers are mediocre at best, they didn't spread the toppings out very well - the 3 pieces of diced tomato for 50 cents!The cheese was not melted on the warm slice out of a small conveyor belt oven. The store is behind a gas station, that should have set off the alarm bells...Owner/cashier has a very unique "humor" about taking my money...Not filling at all and not tasty either.I am gluten free and i was in the bathroom really bad 20-30 minutes later, ruined my night out with my wife!
