3	Every restaurant that we remember offers at least one experience that stays with you. For Gandhi, it was our first visit there in December 2005, after a long journey to Montreal. It was late, we were tired and hungry, and worse, indecisive about dinner. But we were rewarded for our choice of Gandhi by wonderful Indian food and, I swear, the best naan I've ever had.Experiences like that are the bane of diners - we go back trying to repeat them... in my case, trying to have that transcendent naan. I'm not sure it's happened, but in several visits since, we've been nothing but pleased by the delicious Indian food, and the capable, if aloof, service.You can accuse restaurants in Old Montreal of offering only bottom-dollar tourist crap, and that charge sticks to a number of establishments. This isn't one of them. I saw one review from a few years ago that described the cuisine as "British-Indian." It's appropriate for a menu that offers the range of dishes one expects from an Indian restaurant in North America - vindaloos, curries, biranyi, tandoori, bhajis, naan. I don't know true Indian food well enough to quibble about authenticity, but I can say that the flavors, to my palate, are calibrated and nicely balanced - and this seems to be part of the heart and soul of this precise cuisine.Over a few visits, we came to believe that a request for spicy food would never result in a level of spiciness that we enjoy. But our last two visits in December 2007 convinced us that the kitchen can deliver the spice when called upon.Desserts here taste pedestrian to me, but after eating as much as I do at Indian restaurants, it could be that I'm all tapped out, so if you've had good desserts here, say so and give some recommendations.Gandhi expanded its space in 2007, approximately doubling the size of the restaurant. One feels less crowded in the dining room now; I've eaten there only once when the restaurant wasn't full or nearly so.Gandhi is worth a visit.
2	As an Englishman I'm guessing my Indian cuisine tasting is well above par considering it's rated as the UK national dish now. I have not had a Indian food in north America that really compares with the Ruby Room of Ayr, Scotland or many others I could mention. This is not to say that I still don't love Indian food here and the search is still on to find that homely cuisine like bipins Indian temple. 8-)The Gandhi is a good restaurant and the food is certainly enjoyable. I've been probably 4 times now. And only had bad service when I arrange a 12 person party there once in the mid week. Maybe they were caught out a little, But the cold food and slow service wasn't loved much by my party. alas it's really close to where I live and I'l certainly visit again.
4	It was 5 pm on a Saturday and I was on the last leg of my long weekend trip to Montreal. I'd lingered in the old Montreal area all day, walked up an down the cobbled streets of Rue St Paul, admired the art work in the cute stores that stud the streets and I was famished. I was glancing at the menus of various restaurants trying to make up my mind, when a charming horse carriage pulled up nearby and a rather loud driver announced to her passengers that Gandhi was the best Indian Restaurant in town - that settled it. After 30 minutes of shopping to fill my waiting time(!),  I returned when Gandhi opened for dinner and was surprised to see about 3-4 tables already occupied. I was dining alone, and appreciated that the staff let me pick my table. Gandhi has a very extensive menu and offers two portion sizes - something more restaraunts in the USA should emulate. As I was trying to pick my vegetarian dish, the place filled up remarkably quickly, and by about 6 pm, there was hardly an empty table in the main dining area! I loved my mixed vegetable dish. It was spicier than I'd asked for, but fabulous anyway! A great mix of freshness, authentic flavor and hearty but not too heavy. The staff was friendly, courteous and asked me fewer questions than I expected! I enjoyed a great dinner, a good read and wrapped up what was a perfect weekend in one of my favorite cities.
2	Service was poor and inattentive - we had to call the waiters over everytime.  Chicken dish we ordered was really good, but the vegetable curry was truly awful and the veg biryani forgettable.  Ok at best, but quite honestly inexplicable why this restaurant has the rating it does.
3	Food = averageDecor = above averageService = below averageDon't make a special trip, but if you can walk here from your hotel (as we did), it's an acceptable Indian meal.NB  The okra dish was above average.  The okra was firm and recognisable, unlike the soggy (but often tasty) mess served at many Indian restaurants.
5	I've eaten Indian food all over the world and I loved this place.  On par with Cinnamon Club in London and Jyoti in NY/NJ area.Duck tikka masala was amazing!
3	Nice Indian dining spot in Old Montreal although a bit pricy for the ordinary occasion. It's well-suited for corporate lunches or a business dinner. It's a relaxed and charming environment which will make your dining experience enjoyable. I'm a big nan fan and didn't quite find that they had the winning formula, but overall, the food is descent. If you're looking for Indian cuisine in the city centre or Old Montreal, this resto is one of the well-known choices for diners.
2	I've had better Indian food, especially for the price.  But, they are in the old port of Montreal, someone has to pay for that rent!  I've also had better service, the waiter was a real jack ass.  The guy I went with did not leave a tip due to the poor service, and the waiter followed us into the street accosting him for a tip.I ordered saag paneer ($17), it tasted good but it arrived in small quantity, and the naan, while good is expensive at $4 per piece.   Note that they also close between lunch and dinner seating's. I do not plan on returning to this restaurant
4	I decided to give Gandhi a try very early (5pm early bird special) on a Sunday night and thought it was pretty great. They had just opened for dinner so it was fairly empty, but I've passed by several times and seen it full. The food was excellent. I had a veggie curry which tasted so fresh and spicy. My partner had duck tikka masala and although I am not a fan of duck, I tried the sauce and was excellent as well. Read the reviews below about service issues, but didn't experience that at all. We had him all to ourselves though, so next time I go and it's busy I might update this. From the first experience the service was very friendly.I highly recommend trying a special curry... amazingly good!
4	Let me preface this review with the fact that I am indian and am a HUGE snob when it comes to indian food since I grew up eating it every day. This was the best lamb biryani I've ever had. The meat was so soft and plentiful. Many indian places are cheap and pad the entree with veggies in place of the meat but not this place :) The lamb was deliciously spiced and had no "gamey" flavor at all. I was pleasantly surprised when I took a bite and found pineapple in there! So strange but it worked to balance the other savory flavors of the dish. The pakoras were a bit tough and the galab jamun was mushy but the papadum was tasty as was the tandoori chicken we ordered. The waiter was super friendly and was responsive to our requests.Would recommend.
3	We got to Restaurant Gandhi minutes before their kitchen was to close but the staff was very welcoming.  Before our order came out they brought us some papadum with three chutneys.  I tried the mango and the tamarind ones and they were really good.  My somosas were a little dissapointing but edible.  My husband pakora was good.  I had some sag paneer that was not the best I've had but it was satisfactory and I forget what else my husband ordered but he was happy enough.While this is not the best Indian restaurant I've been to it was good enough and the service was top-notch.  I'm sure I will return.
3	We were perpetually on the lookout for vegetarian-friendly fare in Montreal and I have to say the lack thereof was one of my only disappointments this trip. We stumbled upon this place after pondering whether or not my friend could, in fact, make another meal of cheese. The list of vegetarian options was at least 12 long. The service was great: attentive and friendly, with often-refilled water glasses. The complimentary papadum and chutneys were a nice touch. Veggie samosas were undercooked and underspiced, but served as a vehicle for the tasty chutneys. The cauliflower bhajee was good, evenly spiced. The Madras vegetarian curry was spicy, as advertised, but had a slightly gritty texture. Naan was good, rice was fragrant. Overall not the very best value in the world, or the very best Indian food, but if you need somewhere fast and totally adequate in the area, especially if you have a vegetarian in tow, this restaurant will definitely serve you well.
3	There are a few Indian restaurants in the Old Port, Gandhi being the most well known. Too bad, because Mirchi (Place D'Youville) is way better. The decor is open and elegant - almost classy, the way an expensive restaurant should be. Nice tablecloths, fair decor, good lighting. It's a good date place and gives the illusion of upper echelon dining. The service was fine the night I went, but I've heard mixed reviews, not only on Yelp but also from friends who have gone. Depends on whether the owner is there, I guess. Anyways, it's no Taj, but service is generally acceptable. The food is good. Nothing special, just fair. We had about 5-6 dishes, and the taste/size was fairly predictable. I don't know what else to say, if you blindfolded me and told me I was at Atma I wouldn't argue. It's definitely a cut above those Friday-night bombs like Bombay Mahal and Dev, but you're paying at least 3 times more. I'm not sure if the fact that one of the owner/chefs is a white French Quebecer has anything to do with it, but I wasn't that impressed. Do yourself a favor - go to Mirchi instead.
1	Wow! I thought this looked really nice from the outside. When I saw the menu and was served a fresh pappadum, I was reassured. BUT, to my surprise, the service, food and management was incredibly poor. Ok, it was Sat. and very crowded, probably the reason we didn't get anything we ordered for 45 minutes...fine. When the food came. 2 main dishes weren't even put into the kitchen and two of us waited another 15 minutes. Ok, if the food was great, I would've let it go but not only was it over salted, under spiced, and un-authentic, the portions were a total joke!! I ended complaining to the manager and sarcastically he said it was our fault because we didn't have reservations...? He also said since I was a big guy, I was asking for larger portions...and we're lucky he let us eat there without reservations. Bottom line, this was truly one of the overall worst meals ever, and I've been to tons of Indian places...this was firstly a Bangladeshi joint hiding behind an Indian disguise, which happens a lot but doesn't show in the food quite like this did. Insulting to the taste buds and added I jury because the prices are up there.
5	Extremely good service! I've been here 2 times before with my bf and we both loved it. One time after finishing a glass of wine, he tried to pour himself more, only to be stopped by the waiter insisting that he does it. Same evening, I asked for a glass of water - it arrived in under a minute, literally. Food is good overall. Servings are not too big, but turn out to be quite filling. I always go in ravenous but can't seem to finish everything. Ambiance is great - the mood, the professionalism of the staff, and even the washroom is extremely presentable.
5	The food was well prepared and tasty. Not over-cooked. Not over-spiced. Just right. The service was impeccable.
4	clean, casual environmentGood vegetarian food.  Works well for Western appetites as it is not highly spicy and has a subtle French-Montreal touch to the flavor.Service started very good but declined when more tables were occupied.
4	Very good food. Excellent service. Order the onion bagi.
5	amazing food!
4	Great atmosphere food and service. Food took awhile to arrive but was delicious.
4	This restaurant was suggested to us by a local, and I am so glad! I loved the food and the atmosphere. Even my mother, who typically would turn up her nose to anything that ventures too far from steak and potatoes enjoyed her meal. This is definitely  restaurant I would return to in the future.
5	One of the best Indian meals we've had yet! Perfect food, with great friendly service. I've eaten Indian food all my life and have realised that finding GREAT Indian restaurants can be a challenge. By recommendation of our waiter I ordered the Madras... and wow: it was nothing short of delicious, with just the right amount of heat and absolutely bursting with flavour. My wife ordered the Chicken Saag and she still talks about it being the best Saag she's had! Both were ordered with rice and Naan which accompanied the meals perfectly. At the end of the meal, our attentive waiter served us hot towels for cleansing - nice touch. Pricing was totally reasonable for a top-quality restaurant such as this one. If you want GREAT Indian food in Montreal, then you must check out Ghandi... enjoy!
4	I always have dinner here when in town for a few days. Food is competent. Service is great.
5	Outstanding. Some of the best sauces I have ever had including London!
4	Great Indian Food!! We had been to another "place" I have reviewed earlier and had to try another place to fill the void. Authentic spices, and great portions, wonderful naan! One item I would like to see on the menu is a lassi drink. They make it spicy for you, and that's what I like when I have Indian food. The soup is also very good!
5	Absolutely amazing. Food was perfectly cooked and served - delicious. Service was wonderful - attentive and charming. Will probably go back in a couple days before we leave town. Grew up eating Indian/Pakistani food because my mom lived there, and this food was spot on.
4	When visiting Montreal I will often have at least one of my meals here.  The food is quite good and it is a very pleasant atmosphere.  Good service.  Relatively quiet.  Nice dining room. I have never had a bad meal.  I mostly order the curries.  Don't think I've sampled the Tandoor items other than the naan.  On my favorites in the greater St. Paul zone.
4	We had a lovely dinner here. We ordered the butter chicken, channa masala and aloo muttar. The chicken was very good. Both vegetarian dishes were good as well, although, they could have been more flavorful. Additionally, the chickpeas and peas were both more al dente than we prefer. Overall, it was enjoyable with good service.
5	Came here for our anniversary and cannot say enough. Service was excellent and food was absolutely amazing! I have had Indian food all over the world and I have to say this was the best I've had. Highly recommend this restaurant , the service, ambiance and food are well above par!
4	I guess we arrived right after their rush hour because there were no tables readily available when we arrived but about 60% full which can be understandable. But we were seated within 5 minutes, but the menus took another 5 minutes to come.I ordered the 4 course of salad, tandoori chicken, mixed vegetables, banana bread pudding, and a chai latte included in the end. Chicken was very tender and the salad a large order with even more salad placed on the same plate of the entree. Bread pudding very very good to finish. The gf had chicken marsala which was very sweet on its own but went very well with the garlic naan we ordered on the side. Main entrees were a bit on the smaller side.The server was joking around a little, calling my chicken KFC when it came and saying the bread pudding came with ketchup and mustard. Funny guy.
3	Our last night in Montreal, we decided to dine at this restaurant.  We had already eaten at 'Darbar', where the food was outstanding.  So we were hoping for similar food experience at Gandhi.We didn't make any reservation and arrived around 6:30ish on a Tuesday evening. The restaurant was empty and we were seated promptly.  We were given a papad each until we decided what to order.We ordered the following:- Chana with Poori (Chickpea with fried bread):  This was ok, nothing spectacular.  The chickpea was not boiled properly and wasn't cooked properly with the spices and flavor.  When I had the chickpea on its own, it was bland. I had to mix it with the curry.  That is not how chickpeas should be.  The chickpea should be soft.  The curry was super oily, and my fingers were drenched in oil after I finished my meal.  The Poori was ok, nothing too great.- My husband ordered a chicken curry, and he felt that the chicken wasn't tender either.  We are Indians and obviously know what good Indian food tastes like.  I would choose 'Darbar' over 'Gandhi' any day. I had ordered the same dish at Darbar, and the chickpeas were super soft and flavorful.  We both left the restaurant feeling somewhat unsatisfied.  We paid around $50, but the food was not as satisfying.My review of Darbar:http://www.yelp.com/biz/darbar-montr%C3%A9al?hrid=yHolKlGcY9g7gPJWDgutDA
1	Terrible service.  Terrible.10 minutes just to get water.  Much longer wait for first visit from waiter.  Endless waits for appetizers and main courses.  Food was fine when it finally arrived, but by then we were very unhappy and it didn't matter.There are other Indian places in the Old a City, and many in other parts of town.  I'd recommend any of them, sight unseen, over this place.
1	I'll summarize our experience by saying we had to wait for 70 (!!) minutes to get our food, which was a terrible experience given that we were with small kids that didn't have the patience (nor did we) to wait so long.
2	Quite a disappointment! We have been dining here for years, for the delicious food and friendly and superb service , every time we visit Montreal. This time the service was sub-par to say the least. I finally got up to pour water for the table; the portions have gotten smaller and -this is why I may not return - the rice was distributed scrooge-like: we ordered 8 dishes in our party of 7 and were brought one order  of rice.  " we don't want to waste the portion" was the waiter's take-me-aback response.
4	We dined here early in the evening and they weren't very busy, so we did not have a service problem as many bad reviews seem to have had. The food was very good and fresh, unlike a lot of Indian restaurants it wasn't a mashed up mess of food and sauce. The rice and breads were very good as well.  Overall, a nice clean restaurant with a great location in the Old City.
