1	We have new construction and are the first house on our street. We have a GIGANTIC mailbox at the end of our driveway, but the mailman can't find it!  This is getting totally ridiculous.  How can we move in without mail service?  No wonder so many people hate the USPS.
1	The staff who work here are downright mean.  You better not have to ask a question, because you're going to be verbally assaulted if you do.  Just a warning.
2	How do you even rate a post office. The two star "meh, I've experienced better" doesn't seem right because every post office I've visited have been in various stages of bad or worse. There is no "I've experienced better" with the post office.I will note that this post office was practically empty and by post office standards, overstaffed. By overstaffed I mean there were three employees working (and I use that term loosely) instead of the usual one. The line was short, but the aggravation still present. These workers were slow, rude and one was just downright mean. He basically verbally assaulted a woman he was "helping" in response to questions she was asking. Then he practically called me stupid for putting a return label on the back of the envelope instead of the front. He says that mail gets returned to the sender that way sometimes. Um. What? You're telling me the postman can't tell the difference between a to and from label.....that the post office has not conquered its most basic operation: IDENTIFYING MAIL?Not hard to see why they are going out of business.
1	No one wears a smile here. The line is hella long. The automated postage machine is friendlier than anyone I've ever encountered here. I walk in and I immediately want to take an anti-depressant. I know now why people go "postal". But...it is a necessary evil. I sell stuff on Ebay so I need to mail stuff all the time.
4	I hate going to post office, especially during the holiday season because the wait is loooong...however, this visit wasn't bad.The staff that helped me were super friendly.  The gentlemen took me over to the self kiosk and walked me through answering numerous of questions on the computer screen before a label was printed out to send my package within the US.  When my second package needs to make it to an APO box address, he walked me back to my place in line...since APO box address can't be done on the self kiosk.  I then got the lady and she was quite helpful.I guess your experience depends on who help you but it was my lucky day that both the gentleman and lady were friendly and helpful!
2	It's the Post Office... in 2013 during a sequester... You get what you get. The outside looks nice, the inside needs some TLC. Try to use the kiosk if what you're doing will work with that machine. Also realize this place usually has a dedicated line for Passports, it's also Summer so high school/college kids are on the move and will need a Passport. Try to have your stuff ready to go when you get to the front of the line so you don't end up getting pushed to the side.Yay Post Office....
4	Didn't think I would give a post office 4 stars! Friendly and prompt staff made it easi to get out in no time! Will frequent for my postal needs!
4	I usually use their online services and have my postal clerk pick up the mail delivery. I  already had paid and printed out a mail label but this time I needed a special envelope to use their express  delivery service. So off to the P.O. I went.   Ughh..  I dread coming here.  The parking lot and inside post office is always hectic and every other customer doesn't have their act together so they slow down the line. Surprise! Today was not busy at all!  Counted 4 cars in parking lot. Inside only one other person was being assisted at the counter. I found appropriate envelope I needed myself.  It was easy to find since everything was labeled.  Stuck the contents in the envelope, taped the mailing label on. Postal clerk was still with a customer but saw my envelope ready to go in my hand, waved me over and glanced at the package I handed to him,  acknowledged me and said "Thank you!" I was out of there less than one minute tops.  That's a record timing.  Minus one star for high postage fees I had to pay.
1	i want to report my mail man he camen tuesday 2:30pm and he ring my bell one time he live my pack my spencer pack in floor from my door he need to live papel he don't lock me bu't my windoo is open my door is open and i lock evrethin he make for my pack  i angry and he tell me way you so angry stup because you live my pack my cumputura in floor aout side my dooor and you don't way for me UPS make same mes way you people want to make this same i live 33 years in las vegas mail man need to living pink papel you don't camen in open you door  sorry my ingles is no't to good bu't my poinjt is never livjng pack aout side  because las vegas is no't sever no more to many people camen from another city no't good stolen stafas thank peolpe like me is you have job because i make letter i dont licke to use cumputer to pay my bill. lucia 140 SHERIDAN ,DR HD,NV 89074
4	I have the luxury of going to the post office at any time of day.  I can usually hit it a non peak time so I'm not standing in a long line.  There is usually plenty of parking. One of the entrances is a little bit tricky. Go slow because someone can come around the corner and not see cars from the other direction.  I so love the self serve kiosk.  I find not many people use it so it's open for me! It's easy to use plus I can buy stamps from it.  This is especially helpful during the crazy holiday season! The flat rate boxes are also a huge plus for me.  I can usually fit anything I need to ship in one of the sizes they offer.  Score!The few people I have had help from here have been so friendly and helpful.  Especially when we first moved here, I vividly remember how much one of the ladies went above and beyond to get us our mailbox keys.  It was truly outstanding.  Most people may dread the post office but it's not half bad!
1	If I could rate this place negative 5 stars I would. My wife and I moved in our town home on March 1. We needed a new mailbox key so we went to the post office and put in an order. They told us it would take 3 weeks and cost us $40.00. We understood this and were fine with it as we understand that things like this can take time. So after 3 weeks I went to check on the keys and voila they had them! Joy! Nope....when I got home and tried them out, they did not work. So I took them back and the postal employee apologized profusely. The post office then put in a rush order to get me the right keys. This made my wife and I feel good. I went back in after about 5 days and again, they had my keys! Joy! Nope.....I went home, tried the keys and they were the same keys that they gave me the first time! (I know this because I put a distinct scratch in one of the keys.) So I took them back and they again apologized profusely and told me that would again put a rush on our key order. They gave a big speech to my wife and I about how horrible it is that we should have to wait and that they had given us the wrong keys 2 times in row. We were skeptical but accepted the apology. It is now 7 weeks since they "expedited" our order (third shot at getting us our keys) and still no keys. We have to go to the post office twice a week to pick up our mail and stand in line to ask if our keys are ready yet. And guess what. They aren't. We were told that the post office has contracted the business of re-keying mailboxes to an independent contractor, that this contractor has 400 boxes to re-key before ours and that this contractor has only 4 guys doing the work. Long story short. This post office is a joke and should be ashamed of the way they do business. They are lazy, lying imbeciles who don't care at all about their postal customers. My wife and I have shown nothing but kindness and restraint during this whole process. And yet they still shine us on.
1	I would rather go to the dentist then go back to this place.  You want to talk about POOR service, its no wonder the USPS is loosing to UPS Stores and other mail places.If we could have done what we needed done at the UPS store, we would have instead of coming here.  Let me expand.We came in and of course there was a line with only 2 people behind the counter and one guy walking around trying to look busy..  We were there to do a door to door mailer which he even came over as soon as we came in and confirmed with us.  After about 5 minutes of standing in line, this guy came over and started pulling people with only one piece of business over to another counter.  As he took some from the back of the line and some from in front of us, we eventually moved to be second in line.  The lady who was first had 5 packages to send out and said she was passed over 3 times.  She finally got called to the counter and we moved to be first in line, our time now nearing 30 minutes.  After standing there for another 5 minuites, this guy trying to look busy finally came over and told us to come to his counter.  Our transaction with him took less then 3 minutes.  So, IF ANYONE AT THE USPS READS THIS....If you have a floater, they should take the next person in line and help them if they can, not pick and choose who you want to help and when you run out of options then help the person you have been skipping over and over and over....You want to know why you are loosing business, because of employees like this....
3	The office is really nice, but the staff are not nice except for one man and one woman who are very nice. Wish they were all nice like those two.
1	Juan from the pick up window is a liar, he won't see through the tasks he says he'll do for his customers. I went to intercept a package and all he wanted to do was take my number and my package number down to see if it was back there, but my tracking said it was there. He said he'd give me a call, no call and tracking said sorted, so it's there and no call yet and now it's gonna go to the wrong address. Thanks Juan.
