4	Very nice employee. Everyone in here were friendly and worked hard to get things right. i didn't have to try hard to get someones attention and there help. went i when it was on sale. one pair, second pair half off. Then 30% of all track jackets. perfect!
3	Not the best outlet store, but it's a hit or miss here. I've found really great sales where everything is almost free, but other times it seems like everything is regular price. One thing to look out for are some Evisu jeans. Sometimes you can find some for less than $70.
5	Great customer service. amazing low prices. and great selection
5	Great customer service (I do agree ;) apparel/hats is 50% off and shoes/ accessories are 40% off.
3	They have pretty good deals for the most part but the 50% off special they ran for after Christmas was sub-par at best. It was 50% off the lowest price, however, the lowest price happened to be the full price on the tag. The staff was nice and the store has a decent selection of all things Puma, but nothing that really would bring me back just for this store.
4	I do dig me a nice pair of Pumas. And I'm starting to get into the apparel side as well. Something about it brings me back to childhood.As for the store, I was super pumped to find that everything there was 50% off. Dunno if this is just a pre-Christmas thing, but it sounds like it may be more the rule than the exception. So I shopped like a bawse, but alas, the one pair I had my heart set on was sold out in my size. One thing that did bother me a bit is that the aisles here are packed so tightly together you're constantly stepping over someone to grab what you're after. And then there isn't really a whole lot of real estate dedicated to sitting down to try on your shoes.Lots of apparel up front. Most of it is pretty simple, and not wildly unaffordable. At full price it was a little spendy, but with the half-off you can score some deals. Not crazy cray crazy deals, but solid deals.
3	After finding the shoe I wanted but in a size too large, I hoped to find the size I need in this location (north of the strip). I browsed through all the aisles looking for the Future Cat Super without anyone asking me if I needed help, which was a complete 360 from the Puma store I went to at the Primm outlets, where the employees there would make sure to help you find what you are looking for. It wasn't like I was just strolling down the aisles. I was actively looking at each shoe and shoebox to find what I wanted. Eventually, I found the section that had all the Future Cat Super shoes for guys, but none in the malibu blue color I was searching for. An employee walked by and I stopped him to ask about the particular shoe I sought for. All employees are on headsets in order to communicate with each other and I know for sure the employee I talked to was the recipient of some comments from other co-workers because he gave a chuckle and tried to flirt with me. "What shoe are you trying to find your husband?" Seriously? Seems like his co-workers were egging him on or something. In any case, flirt or not, he was no help in finding what I needed. This store lacks the professionalism and courteous customer service found in the Primm location. No intention of returning.
