5	Hands down the best pizza joint I've been to since moving here from Long Island 16 years ago!!! Started off with a knish which was fantastic (and so hard to find out here in the desert). The pizza was perfect New York style pizza- not too greasy, not too doughy, and cooked just long enough so the crust was crispy, not soggy. We sampled a hero and calzone as well, and the sauce (i.e. "gravy") was amazing! The only disappointment was that they were out of their crumb cake, a favorite of mine, but the owner said they ship it in from Brooklyn and it would be coming in later in the week. Looking forward to going back and trying it along with the pasta dishes on the menu.
4	This place is a little bit of a mixed bag, but the pizza is definitely good.  The location and decor is upscale for a pizza joint, and they have a liquor license.I'm from NJ so I've got strong opinions on pizza.  I'd say that this place is a little better for pizza than Buono's on Alma School was and just a hair behind LaFamiglia on Warner.  This is classic NY street pizza so it looks like Sbarro's but tastes much better.  This is not what Grimaldi's serves which I consider to be a tomato pie (awesome).  I've also tried the chicken parm sandwich which was just ok, and kind of small.  I shared it with my two-year old and had to stop by Burger King on the way out of the plaza to top him off with a few chicken nuggets.  The chicken parm at Buono's was better, cheaper and used to feed two adults.They have some very nice early-bird specials (14" pizza for $8.50) but unfortunately their staff doesn't seem to be aware of the specials.  I've ordered this twice and both times the person I spoke to was unaware of the special and confusion ensued.  I used to work in a pizza place, you tape the specials and menu to the wall near the phone so the person taking the orders can verify the specials.  Come on guys, this isn't rocket science.  The good news is that everyone I've met there so far has been very pleasant.  I think that I met the owner (seemed to be in-charge, thick NYC accent) and he was very pleasant as-well.I hope that they straighten-out  their training issues because their pizza is quite good and they are nearby.  I look forward to trying some other items on the menu.  I haven't had stuffed shells in ages, I'll have to try that next.
5	Came to know about this place through Doozy of a Deal. This place is just minutes from where I live but I didn't know about it. It had only recently opened.I am a value/deal hunter. Each bite reminds me of why this is such a good place - quality cheeses, soft and wonderful bread, great flavor. I am certain the food is well worth the cost here. I'll be back, doozy or not. I am vegetarian and there are enough different options to try each time.
5	My friend and I went to NY 54, shortly after it opened, to take pictures of the place for an ad. The owner was very friendly and super helpful in getting us all we needed for the pictures. He also gave us a multitude of dishes including garlic knots, a sub sandwich kind of deal, and of course, pizza. All of which were delicious. The food isn't super greasy, but it is heavy. Make sure you've worked up a hefty appetite before you come here. Overall, good food, good vibe, good place.
5	This is a hidden gem!  I can't believe there is only one review for this place.  I did a search and came up with several places in my area for pizza.  I went to their web site and looked and the menu and said let's go!The restaurant is located in a small strip mall off of Arizona Ave out towards the Ocatillo area.  It's tucked away in a corner so it's not easy to find but well worth it!  We were seated promptly and looked over the menu.  I knew I wanted pizza but I had a hard time deciding what to put on it.  One of my favorited toppings is roasted red peppers and not all pizza places offer this....but they do!!!  I finally opted for one of the house specialties, breaded chicken pieces, roasted red peppers and onions.  It was delicious!!  The crust was perfect!  I have never had breaded chicken on a pizza but this was surprisingly good.  And even the left overs heated up well which is something I can't say for all pizza.  I also had a small dinner salad.  The veggies were fresh and crisp.  Garlic knots were perfect too!  Not doughy and lots of yummy garlic.  My daughter had her favorite pasta with butter and ate every bite.  And then we had dessert.  They serve Angelo's Italian Ice which my daughter loves so she had that and I got a cannolli.  WOW!  The cannolli was delicious.  It was a bit heavy but it was delicious.  The plate was swirled with chocolate and one of these was plenty.  In fact I would even get one to share.  Rich.  Our experience here was a good.  Our server was good and patient with my daughter.  That's always a plus!  It seemed that there were a lot of regulars here which I like.  It's a neighborhood pizza/pasta joint. Give a try and let me know what you think!!
2	This place is just ok. Nothing great. I don't think it's much different than the restaurant that was here before it. The best thing about the previous one was they had one really great waitress. Unless she just had the night off it looks like she's not working here so I can't give it more than 2 stars. I had hoped this place would be better but the pizza here is still just mediocre. I probably won't be back.
2	I'm surprised by the glowing reviews that are on here about this place. I bought a Groupon for this place based on the good reviews. The Bf and I made the trek down there tonight from mesa. Well..... the place is nothing to look at, just a little store front that kind of looks like an order at the counter kind of place but there is table service. So I ended up ordering the spinach ravioli and the BF got the 'park place' sandwich. My ravioli came with a salad, and I got a caesar. It tasted bland and like the dressing came out of a bottle. I wouldn't recommend it. My dinner also was supposed to come with bread.... it never came. My raviolis were fine in flavor, they came out warm...not hot.... and seemed like they came from a package, not fresh. The sauce was a standard marinara. The portion was not overly large, not ridiculously small though either. The BF was informed that they were out of all breads except the standard sesame seed. His sandwich was basically swiss, roast beef, and turkey. The bread was hard and the sandwich was bland. I could have had better at the grocery store. Since we still had money left on the groupon, we decided to order the tiramisu. It was supposedly home made. Well if it was.... someone who knows nothing about tiramisu made it. It was extremely dry and had no coffee flavor at all. In fact, it tasted like dry cinnamon.... not what a tiramisu should taste like. Also, the 'mascarpone' part tasted more like frosting (?). This was one of the worst tiramisus I have ever had. So, needless to say, I won't be back.
3	We have been customers of this restaurant since it's opening and have been generally pleased. We are transplanted New Yorkers and always seem to be on a search for great pizza and bagels :)Pizza is OK, Vincenza and NYPD more like real NY pizza.  Entrees are fabulous!  Served with a nice house salad, we have never had a bad one.BUT... the heros are going downhill...Tried  cold ones with friends one day for lunch, they were not generous and the bread was hard.Then at dinner tried an eggplant parm. hero.  I was so surprised to get three very thin slices of dry eggplant, barely and sauce and on a somewhat small and dry bread.I have ordered the eggplant dinner over and over and it is very good... can't understand what they are doing to the sandwich!
5	Sunday evening and we were going to go check out the new Target and since NY 54 is just across the parking lot we stopped in.  Our server, Jessica, was great.  She told us that they had Happy Hour specials with $2 off appitizers and specials on imported and domestic beers and wine.  Wow, Happy Hour on the weekend!  YAY!  Most places don't offer that at all.  So we ordered some mozerlla sticks.  They were really tasty and my daughter loved them. The pizza here is very good.  A crisp crust on the bottom, fresh toppings and just the right amount of sauce.  I'm really not sure why there are not more reviews for this gem.  People you have got to try this place!!!
4	Oooh I love the garlic knots! This place introduced me to them and I'm hooked! And so cheap for a big portion! I've only had their calzones, because you get a huge meal for a decent price! They're so good! All the stuffing and melted cheese - mmmmm. Only thing I had an issue with is how they run things during lunch. Why can't they have a server just like for dinner? Very confusing and quite silly.
4	I've driven by this place for a while now and I finally stopped in for lunch. We got there right at 11:00 so they weren't busy. The lady at the counter was friendly and heIpfull and the decor is a bunch of cool NYC poesters. I was thinking pizza but they have a helluva good looking sandwich menu so I had to try one. You can always judge a place by their club sandwich and let me tell you that they have a good one. It was fresh and delicious. It comes on a hoagie roll with the perfect ratio of ingrediants (I hate it when you get a club and its three pieces of bread). I will be going back sometime to try one of there specialty sandwiches.
5	Great food and great service, what else is there to say? Will definetly come back, Thanks!
2	Visited NY 54 with kids on Saturday for some pizza and hoping to watch some football. We asked to sit near the television to watch the game.   All was well until another customer requested tennis. Yeah...tennis. We asked the server to return to football but since another customer requested tennis.... We watched tennis. So my advice is if you want to watch football I would recommend another place. But if you want to watch live tennis.....THIS IS YOUR PLACE!  Food was ok.
5	We go to NY 54 at least twice a month.  We love to buy the 18" thin crust pizza, and since there are four of us, we have it made with different toppings on each quarter.  They are always happy to make the pizza to our order.  Also, they have a good selection of draft beers - I highly recommend giving those a try.  I did try their margarita, but it did not have enough alcohol content for my liking, although the taste was excellent.  There is also a great selection of desserts, which I always buy and take some home for later!
1	10/28/12  CLOSED.  Phone disconnected.
4	I can verify Martin's review, the phone number has been disconnected.  That's a shame, because they had great pizza.
1	closed!!!!!
1	Zero stars. Really disappointed at the "deal" we got for pizza. Pizza is marginal at best and felt we got sold a bill of goods as we spent way too much for what we got.
