2	We went on a half price Saturday. In short ... lesson learned! Packed store! Finding help is impossible. When I did get some help, the lady was not interested in listening to me or answering my question. Store isn't very organized.
2	-TWO STARS is for the MOST overpriced Goodwill store I have EVER been in! Even more overpriced than Savers! More overpriced than an ANTIQUE store! Seriously!-The person or people pricing stuff here must be smoking bananas or something...it's a Thrift Store! -Smaller store than the average GW store. Clean. -Parking is so-so.-Lots of old folks here, since it is next to Sun City...so, be warned that you will be dodging lots of shopping carts (in a very small store) that many (older) customers are clinging onto like an assisted walking device...and they expect YOU to move out of THEIR way!-Employees were not as friendly (or as bright) as I have seen at other GW stores.
3	I believe that this complex where the Goodwill is located is the most popular in Surprise.  It is really difficult to find parking here!As for the store, I would agree that most of the items are a little overpriced.  I can go to Ross and pay a little more and get a brand new item.  But, when I went they had a pretty good sale going on.  Anything with a yellow tag was one dollar.  Yay!  I found only a couple things with yellow items tags on them worth buying.It is a very cramped space.  You are backing up most of the time since you can't go around another person in the aisle.  Customer service is great though.  Everyone is very polite.
4	Goodwill has always been one of my favorite organizations, and this is going to sound a little selfish, but the truth is, I like them for two big reasons:1.  I can get rid of things that are taking up space such as old clothes, toys, etc that I would feel bad about just throwing away.& 2.  I get a receipt so I can remember to claim the charitable deductions on my taxes. So this location is always helpful and friendly by the way, so bring in your stuff and do a good thing!
3	Wife and myself enjoy going to garage sales, and thrift stores. Trying to find that needle in the hay stack type of treasure. This goodwill location is large, and always fully stocked. My biggest issue has always been their price. I truly believe some of their items, you can purchase somewhere else brand new at a lower price! I know it's for a good cause, but my wallet is just not deep enough sometimes. Service is moderate. When you don't need help, they are always around! Then you can't find them when you do need help!! But we will continue to come by and look for that needle!
