3	A little Schuh store where you will find your basic chuck tailors and sneakers. Not the widest variety, but a pretty standard one so don't expect to find a lot of the more individual pieces the larger stores of this chain have. Staff are pretty friendly, though they may take their time in getting your shoe size.
4	Having just bought a pair of exceptionally dull trainers, I'm quite annoyed that I forgot about Schuh. They're always good for a fetching pair of sneakers, and I'm fairly certain I'd have found some more eye-catching footwear if I'd remembered just to drop by.Catering to a market that hovers inbetween the mainstream and the slightly eccentric, it sells pretty much every type of shoe you could ask for, for both men and women. Not much more to add to it than that.Sometimes the music is a bit too loud, but to moan about that would just be nit-picking.
3	Schuh is the kind of store that I loved in my teens and could think of no better place to go if I was looking to purchase a new pair of Converse or some Dr. Martins. I got an awesome pink pair for my 15th birthday and if truth be told, I still love them... they just don't seem to go with anything.Schuh also stocks a good range of Irregular Choice so if you're looking for something a little bit different or if you're style icon is Lady GaGa you're in good company here. This range of shoes are so wacky and I even saw a pair of heels where the front were shaped for spaces for your toes - a little bit creepy.Overall, Schuh specialises in most of the top high street shoes and if you're looking for a good quality pair of trainers then you'll be spoilt for choice here. I guess for this reason Schuh is pretty reliable - but it doesn't excite me as much as it used to.
4	As the guys and dolls have said, this Schuh is small and offers the kind of stock you expect from this high street chain.As Eleanor said, I used to live in Schuh at one point. I used to come here for a new pair of DC's each time a pair of mine tragically died. I also went through a big Vans phase in the early noughties. Seriously, you could not get those lovely fat shoes off my feet. They got a bit mucky and would probably have been able to walk on their own had I not resigned myself to prizing them off my feet and chucking them out.But enough about then - here is now! Schuh doesn't seem to have the same amount of variety it did when I was younger. Either that or it does, and I've just grown out of some of the stock. They still have their reliable collection of Chucks, Docs and Vans, but now everything is a bit, dare I say it, too young for me!Saying that, I do adore their heels now. They are a big stockist of Irregular Choice and my first stop if I want to indulge myself with a pair of these gorgoeus, killer heels.Thrugh the course of this review I've realised I've gone through some personal growth. It's not that Schuh has changed - it's just keeping up with the times, after all - it's that I've changed! I've become (marginally) more of a lady and grown out of the trainers I once loved like best friends. Ugh, I hate being more grown up. But if you're looking for a pair of cracking heels or a pair of trainers that you might wear better than me these days, Schuh does the job!
