5	their product is great because of their vemma juice I have felt better and my diabetes is not an issue anymore
1	I am sure the product is probably as good as other energy drinks out there, but the "sales" branch of it is scammish. I just wanted other individuals to hear this because I had come across this business over the internet and on Craig's list. I was asked to look at a website with videos and these are like 20 minute videos. Sure the guy whom I was suppose to text said that it was not sales oriented, but referral. Just another scam out there wanting people to refer products and you make only as much money, as the amount of people you refer. Sounds like sales to me. Not commission, but referral commission (think pyramid scheme). If this is something that sounds good to you, great..maybe you can break even. But to me, they need to find another way to advertise their products, not the scam way.
1	The business model of this company is a pyramid scheme. Their entire system is built around referring other people to join the system, not about actually selling the product. Here's how it works:Veema will hold an event explaining how you can be a successful Veema rep as long as you work hard. They have young people show up driving BMWs and telling success stories about how it worked for them, and how they left their old, low-paying job, and are not 100x better off. This whole presentation is designed to get you to sign up.The way it works, is that you, as an "employee," have to buy the product from them. They will make you sign up for at least 2 shipments of the product per month, which you have to pay for. But during the presentation they will inform you that for every person you sign up, you'll get a portion of their purchases. If you sign up enough people, you get your product provided to you for free. But what they don't tell you is where the money is ever actually made. They don't sell the energy drink, they tell you that you can give away samples, refer friends/family, etc. But the button line is that this is a scam. The people near the top will make lots of money because they get a portion of every new employee's sales. But for the new, entry-level people, you will end up losing money through Veema.Do you want to work for a company whose revenue comes, not from its customers, but from its employees? Do not do work for them.
5	For those who call Vemma a Pyramid Scheme is.. Let me ask you what Pyramid Scheme is? Give me a FTC (Federal Trade Commission)`s Definition. Not your version nor the Wikipedia`s version. According to FTC, Pyramid Schemes are illegal. Cannot happen.. To give you more details, Network Marketing/ Affiliate Marketing is a 60+ Billion Dollar Industry. Point Blank. Warren Buffet, Donald Trump and Robert Kiyosaki calls the Network Marketing the perfect business model. Vemma has a product that is for everyone. Pyramids don`t have products. But they do have a cool membership fee you can pay to join their club. Aside from that, The company has done 2 independent clinical studies to back their product claims and health benefits. I can`t say the product heals or treats symptoms but it HAS helped me with my skin and metabolism. I used to wake up to coffee everyday with loads of sugar. Now I wake up to a can of Verve (5g of sugar) and oatmeal. I have my multivitamins, healthy calories, protein and fiber. If you still think Vemma is a pyramid scheme, I say you should look into what Vemma really does. Oh, and FTC`s definition of Pyramid Scheme. I CAN`T see why Vemma is a bad company. Great CEO, great products and the perfect business model that pays customers to share their product!
1	i actually had a friend who was trying to get me to join( well not a friend the individual was talking to me for only this purpose which i later found out )... i found out it was later like wake up now......it cost 300 $ to get in.... the person they refer me to  was trying so hard to influence me to join he was talking so fast explaining for an whole hour non stop without getting any breaks .....making everything sound so good until at the end... btw its 300 $ to start.... hell no !they drinks alone is expensive if your just interesting in buying the products it self........the drink is nothing more then fruit juice that has crushed up vitamins in it.....you can even taste the vitamins that is crushed inside the drink especially when you get to the bottom of the drink
