4	Checked out IVP Bar & Pizza last night.  They opened in the old 'Coogans Bar' spot on Carson.  While not too havvy that they didn't have any light beers on tap besides Bud Lite, I was very happy with their $.35 wings.  I ordered 6 in 'Honey BBQ' and 6 in 'Fiery Hot'.  The fiery hot is a combination of Franks red hot and red pepper that had a great kick but didn't gag me when eating.  The honey bbq was delicious.  It was thick & rich, clung to the wing when I picked it up- aside from the one drop that landed on my pants.  :)  We found them on BarSmart while driving down Carson and decided to stop in...  We're glad we did...  Go ahead,  Give IVP a try...!
2	Blah. The pizza, wings, hoagie, and burger all pretty much sucked. The delivery time took longer than stated. But, the days old pizza heated up nicely in our George Foreman Grill. lol. Weird how Darren and I went to an Italian Village on our first date almost 3 years ago.
2	My roommate and I started going here religiously when they first opened because of the cheap prices and specials. However, the last time we went after being gone for a month or so the food was not as good as before and the service was blah. They also raised their prices since we last went so why should we deal with their degrading food tastes and not that great service.
2	I had a cheesesteak and 6 wings.  The cheesesteak wasn't too good. It was cold in some spots. The wings were not totally covered in sauce, and the mild sauce wasn't tasty.  It was the afternoon and nobody was in there, so pretty inexcusable on their part.  The bar itself isn't bad, service is good and they have plenty of craft beers on tap. As a bar, it's not a bad spot, food needs some improving.
1	When it first opened, this place had so much promise. The girl that ran the bar was awesome (and had extensive knowledge of good beer), the guys that ran the kitchen were friendly and made good food, the daily specials were cheap...IVP quickly became a frequent spot for my group of friends. The bar manager has since changed (she transferred to another location), and, I haven't been back--mostly because without her there before, the place hardly functioned. Now, every time I attempt to go back for lunch, the place is inexplicably closed.I could waste pages lamenting over the unfortunate service (bartenders couldn't make a drink, didn't know what bourbon was, brought out extra food and charged me for it after telling me it was their mistake, was given a comped meal verbally yet it showed up on my charge), disasterous food (subs prepared incorrectly, cold pizza, wings thrown together without sauce), and carelessness (lights turned all the way up on a Friday night, no music playing, leaks from the ceiling met with shrugs from the staff)--but I won't. I was the last of my half-dozen group of regulars to give up on the South Side location. Maybe it's a sign--I haven't been able to go back even when I've tried.
1	If I could rate this zero stars, I would. The last time I went here was around 2 months ago. The woman bartending that night was completely trashed and kept leaving the bar for 20+ minutes at a time. People were pouring their own drinks... I was there for about an hour waiting for my cab. I walked to the back to use the restroom and she was back where they make the food having sex with a patron. She still works there. ( I pass by weekly on my way to Buddy's) Tall, thin, long dark hair, and glasses. I highly suggest if you walk in while she is working to just leave, and DO NOT order any food. Disgusting..
3	Welllll.... I didn't try the food, but they do have great specials every day for drinks. I headed in yesterday (Monday). A sign out front stating $2 Coronas & $1 Margaritas led us in to kill some time while laundry was being done. We both enjoyed a Corona. Mine tasted weird but it was mainly due to a really bad lime, ick. Thankfully bobby switched with me. He also enjoyed a $1 margarita. Of course it was made with bottom shelf products for the low price but i tasted it and it honestly was not bad at all. I can't remember all of the weekly drink specials, but there are atleast 2 per day. Wednesday is ladies night and we can enjoy a $1 well drink. Bobby also noticed a $3(?) Any Shot special on another day-- not sure if it's ANY shot, so I guess we'll have to go back & see. I can't judge the food because I didn't have any, so this review is solely on the drinks & specials. On bone I have to pick is that the bartender was using her laptop & Pandora over the speaker as music. It was cool, throwback 90s Hip Hop, but they didn't upgrade to the commercial-free Pandora so every few songs there were those annoying Pandora commercials. I am truly a fan of Pandora so I'm not judging their personal DJ, but they should have atleast upgraded to the commercial-free Pandora. It's literally $1.99/month. Due to the specials, I'm sure it will not be my last time here.
