5	Ok, I feel like the girl who cried wolf except that now I've been reviewing bridal gowns stores left and right and with each visit I find a better store.  (Just a warning, this is a little long winded, but might be helpful to the next engaged chick on her adventure through bridal gown shopping.)     My adventure in bridal gown shopping started at Alfred Angelo (http://www.yelp.com/biz/alfred-angelo-bridal-las-vegas#hrid:46afgVc-kjCuyeXIOTKIMw) where I've been a couple times before with other brides and for bridesmaid dresses, and each time the associates just seem to have a stick up their bums.       Next, Celebrations Bridal had a very similar unhelpful experience.       Bridal Elegant (http://www.yelp.com/biz/bridal-elegant-las-vegas#hrid:c5Lvha1GLQDhGnzDRKFVdA) gave me a breath of fresh air because the girls were actually really sweet.  Bridal Elegant had very nice dresses but they lack the inventory from being stuck in their temporary back office and the experience in helping me try on dresses.   David's Bridal (http://www.yelp.com/biz/davids-bridal-las-vegas-2#hrid:18WRVt6_Yw3ijOt1Lgzj6w) is a well oiled machine of a bridal store, so trying on dresses there was quick and efficient and the associates know what they're doing.  I think it's likely a right of passage for most to go through David's Bridal, but as much as I wanted to find something, I just couldn't find anything I absolutely loved.ONTO REVIEWING Las Vegas Bridal Gowns:  This past Sunday I found Las Vegas Bridal Gowns boutique located inside the Griffin Mansions.  They are gated during the day, so you definitely need to set an appointment with Anna, the bridal salon manager, to get through the gates.  Upon walking in, you get to walk through part of Griffin Mansions to the very large bridal gown boutique.  It's a simple set up.  The large room has three walls filled with the most designs of Watters, Pronovias, Casablanca to name a few.  All the dresses are great quality, a very nice change from David's Bridal gowns.     Anna is very helpful when choosing dresses, gives great suggestions/ critiques, while sounding sincere.Conclusion:  I really enjoyed my bridal gown fitting experience here, and I said "yes" to the dress!
5	I had Googled wedding dresses and I had found this place, but with no address and a 800 number. Anyhow, since Michelle W. is getting married soon, she told me this place was pretty magnificent. I scheduled my appointment with Anna a month in advance. Yes...I was that excited about getting married and getting a dress! Well the day finally came and we went on an early Saturday morning. LVBG is located in Griffin mansions (which is a beautiful venue for an all inclusive wedding). We were taken into this room which had "couture" dresses all around the perimeter of the room. I had told Anna what my price range was and she pointed me in the direction of my price range. I tried on about 10 dresses and we were able to narrow that down to a top 3, which doesn't help me at all since I had found a top 2 at another place. HOWEVER, we were able to take pictures of the dresses and with me in them! How awesome is that?! It makes a huge difference, because I'm able to see myself in the dress and remember what I like about it and whether I like the way I look in it. They have a large price range and I like the one on one service that you get here. Overall, I definitely recommend any brides, brides to be, etc. to come and try out this place for spectacular one on one service and pretty dresses!
5	I went into Las Vegas Bridal Gowns with an idea of what I thought I wanted. I tried it on, and it didn't wow me. The sales associate suggested another dress shape which I would have never put myself in, but I ended up loving the style, trying on three more versions of that shape, and finding the dress of my dreams. My advice is to be open minded - they know bodies and what looks best, and will help you look like a million bucks on your big day... I didn't want to take the dress off when it was all over!
1	This shop has not been in business since 2012.  They were part of Griffin Mansions which closed down.
