4	I decided to run some errands before the CMYE at Biaggio's (see review) and stopped in here to get some vitamins that my husband wanted.  I was kind of in a hurry because I needed to run some more errands before the CMYE and didn't want to be late.  The staff immediately greeted me at the door.  No overpowering sales pitch like GNC does sometimes, just a nice, "hey, how you doing?"  I asked for the vitamins and specific brand I needed. She knew exactly what I was talking about and pointed them out quickly.  The store is nicely organized and every section is appropriately labeled.  It's not overdone with advertisements.  Plus, they have a reward programs that gives you a $5 certificate if you spend $100 in a year.  Not a terrific bonus but it is something.  I have to knock off a star though because their online store is way cheaper than their physical location.  The pills I bought cost $40 here but I could get them from their online site for $24.99.  What gives?  If I didn't need them now, I would have walked out and ordered online.  Still, nice store, nice staff.
4	My husband and I have decided to switch protein powders and where else can you go and try protein powders (or any other stuff) and be able to return it in 30 days if you don't like it!  WOW!We went here for the first time the other day and the staff was REALLY helpful.  The one girl was very friendly, we asked her a few questions and then she guided us to some other choices.  Which we are EXTREMELY happy with!You can sign up for their "club" and get coupons, etc. in the mail to use in their store.This place is SOOO much better than GNC and I plan on going here for my protein.I still need to compare their prices with the prices on the internet, but for the mere fact that you can try it and take it back with no hassles, I would be willing to pay a little extra just for that!Kudos to you Vitamin Shoppe!
5	Just an update: They can place custom orders for you.  One of the flavors of protein powders that we want to try, they don't carry.  But they placed the order for us and they will call us when it comes in.  Awesome!
3	I'm a fan of the Vitamin Shoppe just because they're so well-stocked with almost any type of nutritional supplement you could want.  They carry a lot of items and brands that you can't find at your local pharmacy or smaller health markets.  For certain things, like a daily multi-vitamin & mineral supplement, you're better off getting it for cheaper at Walmart, but if you want a higher quality fish oil supplement, a specific type of enzyme supplement, a performance enhancer, or protein powder, you'll find a lot more choices at the Vitamin Shoppe than anywhere else.  But expect to pay more.  I usually get my protein powder of choice special-ordered at a smaller nutrition shop and pay $6 less than I would pay at the Vitamin Shoppe, but when I need it right away, I don't mind paying for the convenience.
4	If I'm not ordering my protein and supplements from VitaCost, I'm getting it from Vitamin Shoppe.  Their prices are low, and they price match.  The selections are good, and the workers there know where everything is at and are more than willing to help you if you need to find something.  They also have their own brands which is comparable to some name brands out there.  As long as you do your homework with knowing the ingredients and potency you're looking for- you can always opt for their brands.  The only Vitamin Shoppe branded item I've gotten is their Psyillium Husks.  Good to know they have more options, but I wish they'd carry more Stevia choices.  As far as a supplement shops go, I'll choose them over GNC.
4	I am trying to fight off a cold, so I thought I'd stop by the Vitamin Shoppe to get some meds. It is a very clean, well-organized location, and the manager on duty was quite helpful in making sure I got what I needed without being pushy or invasive.  I found the prices to be pretty low- in some cases lower than what you'd find at Wal-Mart, even.  I signed up for their "rewards" program, which was free, so we'll see what kind of discounts/deals that provides.
2	Im obsessed with the vitamin shoppe. I frequent the las vegas location on Charleston Blvd., located in Boca Park and buy my protein powder, herbal supplements and whatever else catches my eye. This past evening, I was in the drive thru @ Starbucks next door and saw the lights on and cars out front. I assumed it was open still, googled the number on my phone and called to check before I pulled around and got out of my car. As I watched from my car, and asked the employee (drive thru is directly next door) the man (craig or greg) answered the phone, told me they close at nine (it was 9:31pm) and hung up, immediately he smirked and shook his head left to right as if annoyed, to his coworker. That's fu**ing rude! its pretty easy to see you, when its dark outside and the stores lit up buddy! I asked a vitamin shoppe related question, it doesn't hurt to be courteous, I'm a regular at this location, and technically he is still on the clock, closing out, so why be so rude, sorry hes getting paid to do his job, and when hes doing it, hes treating customers like they are inconveniencing him. address this please. if it werent for the a**hole, I'd give the store 4stars.
4	Wow- this store has everything from protein powders to pre-made protein/athletic beverages, vitamins/minerals, teas- you name it.  The mainstay of this place appears to be protein of nearly every variety, though.  The staff tend to be friendly and the store is clean, well organized and chock-full of items.
2	I am in this shoppe about once a week, The service there gets worse every time! To start off the tall old blonde guy gets the award for worst attitude ever he always stares at you as if your going to steal something and just has the worst customer service followed by the middle aged lady aswell not too bad but not the best cutomer service  the only good employees seem to be the teenage guys there they are always full of energy and go out of there way to assist you and answer any question you might have!
4	They are always nice, and price match.
5	Fantastic Place to pick up all your favorite supps and vitamins! Scott the manager is good guy! Very knowledgeable; and friendly. Message me for $5 off coupons at this location. Best part is its in a great location!
5	Amy is the bomb!!! So knows her stuff,so very knowledgable. Always has the answers to all my questions. Lia is awesome! Always there to assist me.Overall it is a great place to get my supplements.
4	I only rely on this store in a pinch as I find them overpriced although I was told on my last visit that they will price match.  It's in a busy shopping center but the reserved parking out front for this store only solves that problem.  The employees I've encountered have always been friendly and knowledgeable.  If I'm in need of a couple Quest bars for a hike I will stop here as they definitely beat GNC in the price department and they are much closer than my go to nutritional supplement shops.
