4	I have been taking my cars to Advanced for years, and have found them to be quite honest and trustworthy.  A few years ago I had the front brakes on my wife's Ford Escort done, and a week later the brake pedal went right to the floor - master cylinder shot.  I was suspicious that it was because of the brake job so I went back to them, ready for a fight.  But they were very reasonable - saying that although they did the job by the book the timing didn't look good, and offered to put in a rebuilt master cylinder at just the cost of the part.  I told them at the time that they had earned my trust by doing that, and they've kept it since.
2	I found Advanced while surfing checkin offers. They have a coupon for a discounted oil change, so I gave them a shot. The customer service is great, I walked in the door and was greeted by a very pleasant service writer. I showed the yelp offer, and they took the keys. Everything was going smooth so far... They came back with a repair order for nearly 800; shocks, battery, 60k service, etc. I expected a few maintenance issues, but this caught me off guard. The friendly writer turned consultative and told me my battery must be replaced ASAP, I declined and went on my way. I decided to pit stop autozone and grab an airfilter when I noticed a "free battery test" sign in the window. I got it checked out, and their test said my battery was 100% & manufactured 5/10. Trust your instincts during the up-sell.+2 stars for customer service & a checkin offer. -3 for the latter.
1	I have a similar story about Advanced Auto Service.Went in for a routine oil change and came back with a repair order of over $3000 based on the steering. New rack and pinion, shocks, the works.I politely declined and went to get a second estimate elsewhere. I didn't show this second autoshop the quote Advanced Auto gave me. He asked whether I was there because I've been quoted repairs, and showed him the quote. He laughed at it. My car needed none of the repairs I'd been quoted on.He even guessed which auto shop had quoted me before I showed him it was from Advanced Auto Service on Warner street. So my advice is be careful.
1	My car was overheating and I went there on a referral from my manager because I was clueless on where to take it and it was right down the street from my work. They were really nice and got me in fast but after I received the call that it was going to be $1250 before my brakes I was shocked. I called a friend to tell them and he said that I should really call around before spending that kind of money. I called Tempe Auto and Sun Devil Auto. They both gave me the same quote of $680 plus tax. I WAS SHOCKED!!! I could not believe that they were $500 less then what Advanced Auto was trying to charge me. I called back to let them know that I was going to take it somewhere else and when I told them where I was taking it they laughed. I ended up taking it to Sun Devil Auto which I dealt with a guy named Rolly and he was super nice and helped me with everything. DO NOT GO TO ADVANCED AUTO!!! Be warned! Go to the Sun Devil Auto on 50th St and Ray Rd. They are awesome! They towed my car for free too! I was have given them no stars but thats not an option.
5	I was trying to find a good deal on getting my brakes done.  It had been six months since my brake light had gone on...you know the one...not the one where you put your foot on the brakes and the lights outside go on, but the one that tells you your brakes are bad.  Six months.  I was in denial.  Anyway, I took it to one place where I had to wait at least ten minutes just to get to the counter to ask for a ball park figure.  They said anywhere from 400 to 1500 and I would need to give them plenty of time.  While standing in line there, I spoke with another customer who told me to go to Advanced Auto on Warner. This person said she had been there before and they were reasonable and the service was of high quality.  I went right over and the very, very nice guy (Jeff, I think) said he'd put it up on the rack right then and there, and tell me what, exactly it would cost.  Once on the rack, he took me in, showed me what it should look like compared with another car on a rack that had decent brakes.  He explained everything, but all I could think of was, "Okay, how much?"  It turned out to be close to 800.  (cringe, cringe, cringe)  But it needed pretty much everything by now. Not everything, but a lot.  He told me he could do it right then, and it would take 2 hours.  He also did all that he could to bring the price down, looking for coupons etc.  In less than 2 hours it was complete and I have peace of mind.  The people at the shop were incredibly friendly, the place itself was great. Clean waiting area, etc etc.  I would highly recommend Advanced Auto and I do believe you get what you pay for.  Although it seemed pricey, I still think it was a great place.  If anything changes, I'll edit this review. In the meantime, yep, I recommend it.
3	If you have easy task, like oil change, brake service, and any other minor services, this is the place to go to.  They also have coupons on line to save you few bucks.  If you need to do major services, you should probably find more professional places or go back to your dealers.
4	With the $15 off coupon I thought my oil change would be affordable. It was not. $50+. I have been here before with a coupon that said exactly how much the oil change would cost. Do that instead. Still I like to support this place just cause it is in my neighborhood.
5	I had an issue and the owner offered to make it right. To me, that's why you shop local. People who care about their business and do above and beyond. Whenever I get my oil changed, I go here.
1	Paid for some repair work here. After the problem continued I took it to another mechanic. I was informed that the spark plugs and air filter for the ac I paid to be replaced were never done. When I spoke with them regarding this issue they were very rude and aggressive.
5	If you want quality service, see the team at Advanced for ALL your car care needs. I'm proud to say that ive been a client to Jeff and his team for many years. The moment you walk n they are ready to assist your needs but also deliver a great product. Put your confidence and service needs in the hands of the Advanced team. Remember we the consumer always take time to complain but we also need to take time to let them know when you receive quality service. I just had some AC work completed along with an alignment to keep my car up and running. Two thumbs up!!
5	Great Service! Reliable and friendly. I just needed a new headlight installed and they were quick and accurate! The price is right ;) I will go back!
