5	If you need cowboy boots, this the MECCA! Needless to say, we had nothing like this back in Chicago. They all different sizes and colors and it right in the middle of Old Town. Get yourself some boots and you will have no problems blending in at the rodeo! YEEE-HAWWWW!
4	Howdy partner!I live within a mile of Saba's and true Old Town Scottsdale, and I frequent the restaurants nearby, but I rarely find myself shopping in the area.  The exception is if I need a costume of sorts, or if I have company in town that wants to hit up these touristy stores.  Today was one of those days...My sister (aka Aubrey K) is in town visiting and was on a mission to find some old school moccasins.  We found what she was looking for and more at Bischoff's and then stuck our head in Saba's and were blown away by their selection of cowboy boots!  They have boots in every style and color of the rainbow, boots for babys, kids, and grown men and women too... If you want the real deal when it comes to cowboy boots, Saba's is a one-stop shop!
5	Maybe I am a Western wear snob but as far as I am concerned if you are looking for real Western wear, you go to Saba's.  They have been around as long as dirt and won't be gone any time soon.  Quality is why any store stays around for any length of time and Saba's has it.   The staff is always very knowledgeable and provide the same kind of service.  I have found when I am shopping for any type of Western wear if they don't have it, what I might find elsewhere usually is going to disappoint me.  I just start at Saba's.  In Scottsdale, Saba's has two stores across the street from each other.  One is clothes and boots.  The other has only boots.  This is boot nirvana!  Don't miss it! Now the question of prices must be addressed.  They are from moderate to pricey. When you see what they have to offer, this comment will make sense.  You CAN spend money there but what a way to do it!
5	Best ever. Great service. Nice people --love my boots
5	My friend and I needed boots and buckles for a western theme party....this place stayed open for 30 min after closing hours to help us. Thank you Mercy....this store associate was very helpful and nice.
2	I am leaving AZ soon and didn't want to go without getting myself a great pair of cowboy boots. I heard Saba's was the place to go for quality and service so I was excited to check it out. All I can say for my experince there is that these people are rude rude rude!!! When I first walked in noone greeted me even though there were about 3-4 sales people just standing around. Normally that doesnt bother me but when its combined with everything else it really irritates me. One of the sales peopld then proceded to follow
