5	Gilberto is wonderful! My hotel recommended that I call Gilberto for a Ride, rather than yellow cab. He arrived very fast and was very nice. Gilberto gave such great service, that I called him for 3 cab rides during my stay in Charlotte. I have saved his number in case I take another trip into town. He arrived very quickly and gave a less expensive ride than yellow cab. I highly recommend his services.  He takes cash or card.  The phone number listed is usually never answered, so it is best to call his direct number at 704-777-5333.
5	Thanks to yelp I have found the best way to get to the airport when hubby can't take me there!! Gilberto is fabulous! He arrived on time, in fact a bit before, called to let me know he was on the way, and kept me entertained the whole ride!!Thanks to an earlier reviewer I did call his cell phone, which made the big difference. Please support a good man making an honest living!! Gilberto is the best!! I plan to reccomend him to all my visiting family from now on!
5	I manage a hotel. After having so many issues with other taxi companies, I got professional cab business card and gave it a shot. Gilbert is the most professional,polite and greatest person I have ever met. I now use his service and he is always on time, taxi is clean and comfortable. He goes above and beyond. I feel safe and I even recommend his service to my guests at the hotel. I get nothing but good feedback about him and will gladly vouch for him.
1	I got ripped off.  My train arrived late so I missed my originally scheduled ride.  This company was there so I figured what could go wrong. 1). The driver asked us what way to go! We said the shortest and fastest and his reply was "I just passed that route"2) We knew from a mileage app how much our fare should cost.  He basically drove us around and almost doubled our fare.Rip off artist
5	Have to update with amazing information ! I had an early morning flight! Gilbert came 15 mins early and we left on time, chatting with him, was so fun, that when I jumped out at the airport , I was thinking of his jokes, AND COMPLETELY FORGOT TO PAY HIM!!! By the time I remembered I was already through security!! Someone else would have yelled at me as I jumped out the cab!! When I texted him he was so understanding and we will take care of it on my return! But THINK IF THIS!!! If you needed to trust someone you love with a stranger....... You want to choose Gilbert! Use his cell phone to book your ride! (704) 777-5333
5	Gilbert was great! I scheduled a pick-up with him at the bus station via text. He arrived early and let me know he was there waiting for me when my bus got in. Very friendly and professional. I would definitely recommend using his services. Make sure you call or text his cell to set something up: (704) 777-5333
5	Gilbert is really a nice guy and very professional. He came on time of my flight. Fitted my luggage nicely. I had 5 huge luggage and some small ones too. He drives very carefully.
5	After looking for a cab that could just give me a straight quote for an airport drop off (some of the others have so many hidden fees) - I gave Gilbert a shot.  Needless to say I was not disappointed.  He actually was at my house 15 minutes early but there was absolutely no rush and he just does that to ensure he's always ready at the exact time you wanted your ride.  Needless to say in the first few minutes I knew I'd use his services when I flew back and will continue to use him for all my airport trips!   Great service with a smile and very polite.   Oh and as the other reviews state, you'll want to call or text his cell (704) 777-5333 to get service.  Thanks Gilbert!
5	I will never, ever take a taxi again!  Or park my car at airport!  Gilbert is the perfect answer to a quick trip to airport; he is punctual, reliable, and a real gentleman.  Ive used his service many times and ( am VERY VERY picky) and I highly recommend using Gilbert and his staff.
5	I was given Gilbert's number by the manager of the Hotel I was staying at. Everytime I come to Charlotte to visit my family, I ended up spending between 200-300 dlls in cab fare, and not even to mention all the wait time and issues I had with yellow cab. Gilbert is always there to pick me up 15 minutes before and I always make it on time, not to mention he charges me per mileage and without the stand by time due to the traffic. He also drives me to South Carolina and doesn't charge me for the ridiculous cross county hidden rate other cab companies do.He is super nice and professional. Always on time and always the best rates, I have saved with him more than I ever expected. Give him a chance he will not disappoint, not to mention he is hilarious.
