3	I've heard some mixed things about Hugo's. The atmosphere is old school vegas. The table side salad was good, but can't they use different bowls to mix when people get different dressings??? Had the scallops festival or something like that. It was good, but interesting. The scallops were cooked perfectly, but the sauce they were in was almost like a beef gravy. After a bite I just felt like I was eating a super tender steak covered in rich gravy. Kind of strange. But it was good. The chocolate dipped fruit plate they give for dessert was good too.
4	Came to Vegas during your cold snap (01/13-01/16), but it didn't deter the wife and I on our 20th. Hugo's Cellar at the 4 Queens was, in a word, 'Classic'. The food was excellent...my Ribeye couldn't of been better, the service was good, and for the price (minus alcohol) was reasonable for what you get in the price (rose for the lady, Salad prepared at table, entree', breads, dessert). Tab was about $100 with tip and Hugo's will see us again in the future. Very romantic!
5	heavenly place to have dinner. though a little dark for some ( i actually liked their lights turned low) and tucked away far from the glitz of new vegas this ihas a different las vegas atmosphere. more slow,  no gomba hairy chest with fake bling or the paris hilton wanna be starlets. this is a place to get away from all that for a while and get on of THE BEST steaks ive eaten on the west coast! the salads were yummy as well. they take full attention as to how you want your salad done and will create it in front of you as you pick out what you want on it. all you do is eat it.as for the wine list..the wine connessieur/sommelier(?) is very informative and youll learn a thing or two even if your palate was raised on pabst blue ribbon or shlitz malt liquor. dont worry, you wont feel intimidated, rather more refined . try the reisling!
5	I absolutely love Hugo's Cellar! I had dinner here during my bachelor party, and let me tell you, some of us guys can't stop talking about the meal we had here. Okay, it was mainly the amazing salad (mixed at your table, to your specifications) that grabbed our attention. But, the rest of the meal and spirits were great as well.Well, from what I can remember (in between shots of Patron), I had a great salad and steak. The salad (did I mention it was amazing?!) was fabulous. Okay, maybe it was just the alcohol was talking at this point, but we all thought the salad was wonderful! Besides being made in individual portions and with whatever we liked, it was tossed thoroughly and not overwhelming in the dressing department at all. My steak was cooked well, seasoned just right, and helped combat the alcohol demons coursing through my veins at the time. Just remember that saying, "Beer before liquor..."Like many of the other reviews state, this place is kitschy and 'old school' in terms of the decor. Set in the basement of the Four Queens Hotel in downtown Las Vegas, this place is something straight out of a 50s, 60s, or 70s movie. It's rather dark inside, but that only serves to heighten the mood: cool and chill. I felt like a high-roller in this place. It's classy and sophisticated...even though you're in the heart of Sin City itself! Service was top-notch and overall, we had a spectacular meal.I highly recommend this place to anyone who enjoys good food and doesn't mind having to travel 'off the strip' in order to get it.
5	We went down to Fremont Street because we were doing a Classic Vegas weekend. After realising our party was under-dressed for the steakhouse at the top of Binion's (turns out they frown on guys in shorts, even with good shoes and decent button-up shirts - Sorry about dressing for 100+ degree heat!), we wondered around just trying to find anything (turns out one in our group turned out to be kinda picky). I had "a feeling" for the 4 Queens, so we went in there and found Hugo's Cellar. Sheer Perfection. Great Style (You enter by going down a staircase. The brightly-lit hussle-bussle of the casino disappears as you descend into nice subdued lighting, beautiful brick and wooden pillars),  Old World Hospitality (the ladies all received long stemmed red roses and were seated by the staff), Good sized Portions ( the drinks, from the bar that seat 5, come in 1/2litre carafes in little ice buckets, so you're getting about 2+ drinks for the price of 1).Our service was over the top outstanding. Eddie, our congenial bartender fixed superb drinks, from uber-standards, The Manhattan and The Cosmopolitan, to the faddish Raspberry Chocolate Martini. Sue was at the podium as Matre'D. She optimized great service with her balance of candor and professionalism.I've had lots of good food and I thought the food here was very good. The table side salads were all done in the same bowl; so you're right, it's not going to be pure flavor of your particular choices. Eh, we all thoroughly enjoyed our salads anyway.  Two of us are Veg; you might be surprised by the great meals made from just veggie sides at your typical high end steakhouse. Hugo's didn't disappoint and they fixed up quite decent plates for us. Others in our group had the swordfish and a porterhouse. Everyone was pleased with their meal.At the end of the meal they brought us chocolate covered strawberries; each one was about the size of your fist. Interestingly, we had had fist-size chocolate-dipped strawberries the night before at a wedding reception and had been impressed then.  And yet, the ones at Hugo's were bigger and sweeter.  Crazy...Hugo's has become a permanent stop every time we come to Vegas.
5	By far, the best downtown spot in Vegas!! I will drive 30 minutes to make it to the four queens any day of the week to eat here. A couple of hints to make your Hugo's Celler experience the best...1. Go a bit early and have a drink at the bar, its old school and you can really get a sense of the place by watching the room and the waiters and the cocktails being made. Martini's are huge and served a fun way.2. Order the salad cart, it is the most fabulous way to start a meal there.3. If you drink Iced tea, get it. Its AMAZING I know, iced tea but trust me4. Wonder around the hotel after and play a little craps or the slots, you will feel like its 1975 if you let it....
5	I was nervous about finding a nice downtown restaurant.  Everything looked either very old or dirty.  I came across an advertisement in the Las Vegas tour guide for Hugo's Cellar.  It looked like the only decent place to eat, especially after leaving all the good restaurants on the Las Vegas Strip.  Hugo's is located in the basement (cellar) of the Four Queens Hotel.  Once you get through all the smoke and slot machines you are there. At the bottom of the stairs the lady is given a red rose.  After receiving the rose you are walked to your seat and the rose is placed in a vase until after your meal.  Your seated in a cellar.  The cellar is surrounded by all red brick walls and pictures.  All employees are wearing suites or tuxedos.  You are immediately served a glass of bottled water, given a menu and list of the specials.  Before you receieve your appetizer and meal, there is a man pushing a salad cart.  He will prepare your salad anyway you like.  After you eat your salad you are given your appetizer and than a small scoop of sherbert.  You receive your meal.  After your meal you are given a desert tray with choclate strawberries and a couple of other delights.  Must warn you.  Eat slow.  They serve you a tremendous amount of food.  I ordered scallops, which were cooked perfect!  I have never been more happy with any restaurant.  Be prepared.  I never had a to ask for a single thing.    If you love wine, they have a huge selection.  Salad, Bottled Water and desert tray is complimentary.
5	Hugo's Cellar is almost like an "out of body" experience.You will not believe that something that classy and nice can be in a "dive" casino like the Four Queens on Fremont Street. I enjoy the Fremont experience and have stayed at the Four Queens hotel, but Hugo's is just something else.Much has been said about the experience, but I would like to add the "Hot Rock" appetizer as a consideration for your next visit. Pieces of beef Filet, swordfish, chicken and shrimp are cooked on a sizzling hot stone at your table. A Garlic paste is spead on the stone and you turn the meat enough times to meet your taste of "done-ness" and then you have a choice of Plum suace, hot mustard or Bernaise sauce to dip your morsal into. Just outstanding !!!  and just enough to not interfere with your dinner.As for the salad prepared at your table, I suggest you get your salad favorites and then ask your tuxedoed server for a combination of the creamy pepper dressing and the vinegarette. The combination of those two produces a dressing taste that is out of this world. The best salad I have ever eaten.Lastly, being the beef eater that I am, I will recommend the Swordfish ( did I really just say that ) with the Sauce Nantua - a combination of shrimp and crab. Can it get better than this - I think not.Enjoy the end of your meal with the chocolate covered strawberrys, covered figs and covered apricots. Walk back up the stairs into the Four Queens gaming area and ask yourself if just you got transported somewhere else for the past hour or two and then were deposited back rudely into this casino.
1	Been here many times over the years, but will NOT go back.  Too much good steakhouse competition in Vegas to ever go back here.  Waiter (Michael) was good, we were seated promptly (party of 10); food/ambiance/bar does not compare anymore to other leading steakhouses (Flemings, Morton's, Ruth's Chris, etc.).The wine 'sommelier' is an A-HOLE!  We asked about a bottle of Les Dix Cab, he said it was very good,  blah, blah, blah...we ordered two bottles - he came back with 'the only one we have left'...I know my wines and this was clearly undrinkable...I let others taste it at our table and they agreed.  When I asked if he tasted it (with his tasting cup hanging around his neck) - he said he did.  Trust me, I watched him open the bottle, pour my tasting...he never tasted the stuff.  It was awful - this last bottle must have been stored in the alley.  He turned into a real prick in a hurry....first of all don't lie to me, and secondly don't treat the customer like dirt.  He took it back, brought out another 'recommendation' (Whitehall Lane Cab - it was better, but not great).  He poured it and never ever came back to our table - a real, walking, talking A-Hole.  Funny thing was, when the bill arrived we did not get the detailed breakdown - I swear to God I was charged for the bad bottle of Les Dix, but we were celebrating my wife's birthday and my daughter's engagement and I was not going to raise a stink.  They had the balls to put areas on the bill for tips for the Wine Steward and Waiter after already adding 18% for our group - no problem with 18% for a group of 10, but I put a big fat ZERO in for any other tips just because that Wine Steward was such a JACKASS!Salad cart is not what it used to be and is over-rated!You can spend the same elsewhere and have a much better experience.No space in the bar for a comfortable pre-dinner cocktail.Hugo's is officially in the cellar for me and I cannot recommend it.  Food was not as good as Flemings.
3	Subterranean, dimly lit, vaguely romantic restaurant that offers a cool "Old Vegas" vibe, but overpriced for substandard fare. Valet parking at the Four Queens is slow and frustrating, I suggest self parking in the garage. I've eaten here a handful of times, and the food seems to be getting worse and worse. Table side flambeed duckling was dry and overcooked to the point of inedibility, tasteless steamed baby vegetables, fatty and overcooked meat, marginally fresh seafood, and a raunchy table side salad course complete with frozen baby shrimp, wilted iceberg lettuce, and sickly sweet dressings. Service was fine, but nothing remarkable. The high points of this place are the knowledgeable and fun sommeliers, decent dessert cart, a palette cleanser sorbet course, and a cool ambiance if you can ignore the drunk tourists at the adjacent table.
5	Hugo's Cellar is an amazing find downtown on Fremont Street in, literally, the cellar of the Four Queens. It is so classic and old school Vegas, you really feel transformed back to when the waiters and owner knew your name and gave a damn about giving you a personalized experience. And I must admit, being given a rose when you arrive is a very sweet and romantic touch. I love how the salad is prepared in front of you at your table, and the steaks and wine list CANNOT be beat. I think we were all able to share one dessert at the end but I can barely remember, I was so full. This is definitely not a cheap place to eat, but a very memorable one.
4	This restaurant is located in the Four Queens casino and tucked away down a little staircase off from the black jack tables. Dimmly lit but cheery with chatter, this is the old time "romantic" restaurant. Our booth had a little frosted flower light fixture mounted on the wall low, next to the table. Etched glass separated the booths to provide a little sound privacy. All the women received a long stem rose just before you're seated and the service was attentive from beginning to end.There's a lot of gray hair in this place but it's a totally sweet place that doesn't smell old. Sure there's fake plants and Christmas lights. Sure the chandeliers feel a little like a billiards hall... but it's a really cute place.The food was decent. My prime rib was cooked rare as I requested but I found the meat to be a bit too chewy. The Beef Wellington melted in my mouth though and I'd order it again.I love that a great salad, bottled water and chocolate dipped strawberries all come to complete your meal. You'll even get a little cone of sherbet between your salad and entree. Foodwise this place is fair.But when you consider the service and the atmosphere this place is a solid 4 out of 5 stars.
5	After searching and searching for the perfect restaurant for a group of 11 to celebrate my birthday, I hoped that I had finally found it when I read the reviews for Hugo's Cellar on Yelp.  If you have ever planned a a group dinner, then you probably know what I'm talking about.  The restaurant couldn't be too expensive, it had to serve a variety of food, it couldn't be too far, it couldn't be the same ol' thing, etc etc.  Hugo's was everything that I had hoped it would be.  It was PERFECT.All the other reviewers were right on the mark when they said that Hugo's is the epitome of old school Vegas.  It was definitely a nice break from the strip.  When we arrived our table wasn't ready yet, but we had no problem passing the time by taking advantage of the low minimums on the roulette tables near by.  Within a matter of minutes, the hostess let us know that they were ready to seat us.  The long stemmed roses given to all the lady's was definitely a nice touch. (To be honest, this is one of the big reasons Hugo's topped my list of where I wanted to eat for my birthday. After all, I am a hopeless romantic at heart and I love it when I receive roses, whether its from a boyfriend or a friend or even a restaurant). Our waiters (I believe we had 3), were all fantastic.  Our main waiter was hilarious, he had us cracking up the entire night and at the same time, he was extremely attentive, helpful and knowledgeable.  He also noticed that my friend was a little sick and so he had the bartender whip up a special drink that gets rid of that scratchy feeling in your throat. And miracles of miracles, it worked! Now, that's what I call service!As previous reviews have indicated, a salad, a lemon sorbet to cleanse your palette, and some chocolate covered fruit are all included in your entree price. In my opinion, you really don't need to order an appetizer as the portions are all extremely generous so its already a good amount of food.   The salad in the beginning was great.  A waiter comes around with a salad cart and you tell him what you would like in your salad. It was wonderful to be able to customize your own salad without feeling picky for not wanting this or that.  For the entrees, Hugo's has a ton of variety so that there's pretty much something for everyone on the menu, there's chicken, duck, fish, crab, lobster, etc etc.  For the entree, I took a chance on the chilean sea bass ($36) even though I knew that Hugo's is mainly known for their meat.  The sea bass was FANTASTIC.  Every bite was cooked to perfection and it was extremely moist and flavorful. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water.  My boyfriend got the 16 oz. prime rib ($38) and that was melt in your mouth AMAZING.  Our friend got the 24 oz. prime rib ($49) and that slab of meat was gigantic, It was a treat just watching him trying to finish that thing.  Because we had 11 people and mostly everyone ordered different things, we got a pretty good taste of the entrees that Hugo's offers.  While everything tasted great, the standouts of the night were definitely the prime rib and the sea bass.  By this point, we were so full after the entree that we almost groaned when they brought out the chocolate covered fruits.  They served us two platters of chocolate covered strawberries, figs, and apricots.  All of these were delish.     The prices aren't what you would define as cheap, but you're in Vegas so that has to be expected.  Plus, for the quantity of the food, quality of the food, the service, the atmosphere, it was definitely worth it.
5	Went here for V-day with the wife and both of us were pretty impressed.  I still can't get over the fact that THIS place is at the Four Queens!  Table side salad was great..we just got everything on it..can't remember the last time I had anchovies in my salad but it was pretty good.  The wife went with the beef wellington and I got the rack of lamb which were both fantastic.  They gave us 2 complimentary desserts.  One was a plate of things dipped in chocolate and the other was 2 chocolate coated gelatos shaped into hearts.  Dropped a little over a $100 for everything but I found it to be well worth it.I was worried after reading so many recent reviews of this place that said Hugo's was going downhill (even from some that had been coming here for years) that this place was going to suck bigtime.  Well...this is pretty damn good if this is downhill.
3	More like a 3.5...We decided to hit downtown because we'd never seen the old Vegas.  We went, we saw, we ate, and we left.  I am not sure the scene is for me but the saving grace is definitely Hugo's Cellar.  This place was packed with a variety of folks and the atmosphere was classic and romantic.  It definitely looked like it had not been updated in 20 years with the blue tableclothes and blue tapestry on the chairs.  I took my rose as I walked in the door and we were seated on time for our reservation.  All in all, the food was good...not mind blowing but good.  It is honestly more about the atmosphere than the food and that is what we wanted on the first night of our trip.  I loved, loved the tableside salad.  It was purely delicious with creamy peppercorn dressing and all of my favorite toppings.  I had to stop myself from eating the whole thing so that I could enjoy my entree.  My husband had the Filet Atlantis and I had the Seabass prepared with crab and shrimp sauce.  Mine was alright but I would probably go for the meat if you dine here.  My husband's steak was cooked perfectly medium rare and had a nice flavor.  Being from Texas, we get good meat all the time and while his steak was good, it was not the best cut I have had.  We finished our meal with the complimentary chocolate dipped strawberries that were divine!  Oh, and another great thing is that the wine list is priced extremely well.  The value far exceeds most restaurants in Vegas.  We ordered an $85 bottle of Jordan Cabernet, which is a steal in a restaurant.  And, the Sommilier was quite charming with his British accent and all.  If you are looking for something different from the strip, Hugo's is a good call.
4	Make sure you make reservations and you're there on time as they are known to give them up. This is really a gem in downtown Las vegas which can run with the rest of the big guys on the strip. The ladys get roses when they first arrive. ..ahhhh...Their salad cart contains the freshest of ingredients which comes with the meal. Their dressings are just tasty and they make it in front of you :) Their steaks are cooked to ordered, the quality of the food is good. Their sides make me smile, I think this is much more of a group place than romantic although its setup for romance it offers the classic old'school vegas vibe for a good group of people. I want to give it a 3.5 but we're going with a four here because Rae really likes it. :)
4	The name of this place makes no apologies: Hugo's Cellar in a word (or 2) is a complete representation of '70s fern bar mentality. This is old school Vegas, baby, and don't forget it. Hugo's is situated within the bowels of the Four Queens casino, located smack dab in the middle of the Fremont Street "Experience." The Four Queens is a retro-New Orleans style place. No need for pirate ships, mock Parisian towers and the like - gambling is the focus here with good food (at Hugo's) an added benefit. Once you make your way past the slots, check-in area, and cashier, you walk down a set of stairs to Hugo's. It is a throwback to another time - red brick walls, large hair on the hostesses, and lots of flambe-food prepared tableside. I arrived an HOUR early (my fault - I'd driven in from Utah and didn't set my watch back an hour) and had to wait at the small bar area. The bartender brought me a portion of pate which was nice. I finally sat down for dinner which was very good - but not great. Good things about Hugo's Cellar:- Retro Vegas subterranean fern bar decor;- Good wine cellar with selection of half bottles;- Delicious Filet and Shrimp aux Poivre;- Hugo's Tableside Salad - you get to pick the stuff!- Cheese Lavosh! (kosher?)Bad things about Hugo's Cellar:- Need a guide with GPS to find the place in the hotel;- Elderly hostesses seem a bit 'uncaring;'- Side dishes bland;- Service efficient but impersonal;- Valet parking pretty slow.I'd go back to Hugo's Cellar if I wanted a 'break' from the mega-restaurants on the Strip that are named after famous chefs (who rarely, if ever, cook in their kitchens). I'm glad I found Hugo's on Chowhound - I think it is normally 'locals only'. Worth checking out. Major yang decor with low fu design. Wear a tux with ruffled baby blue shirt to feel 'connected' to ghosts past in this place. Check it out. 4 stars.
4	A gourmet meal in the 4Q? Absolutely! The hub and I are big fans of this old-school gourmet room, where a couple can get some hooch with their dinner and still have a bill slightly over $100. It's dark and cozy, and the roses to the ladies add a cheesy yet sweet touch. Food isn't trendy or exotic, but is solid. I usually splurge on the filet with a bowl of lobster bisque. The salad cart service comes with the meal, and is always a treat. I look forward to the complimentary dessert tray with chocolate dipped fruit. And every time I have been there, the sommelier wears this Flavor Flav-esque clock/necklace thing. I have no idea what its purpose is, but it slays me!Blow off those posers on the strip, and head downtown for some authentic Vegas fun without breaking the bank!
5	This is our anniversary/special occasion restaurant.  It is always a great meal with great service.  Their steaks are delish and the salad that comes with the meal is something I would put on my list of things to eat if I was going to the electric chair.The meals include salad and sweets (choc dipped fruits and some delish and I'm quite sure the most fattening whipped cream ever) so save some cashola and don't order any apps.  You will be quite full the time the dessert tray comes out.  Our dinners usually range from $120 (no wine) - 200 (with wine) for the 2 of us.  It's fantastic every time....well almost....This visit was not as good as our other visits because of a bunch of goobers in the back room (we were seated right next to it) being very loud and obnoxious - since when do birthdays excuse you from having manners? The food and service were great despite the mannerless cretins.    If you go, request a booth in the front part of the restaurant.  It  is almost a completely different experience - much more quiet and romantic.  There isn't a dress code per se but there is a sign that says no tank tops, shorts or flip flops.  Well, obvs they don't enforce it cuz the BF and I both had flip flops on and I had a tank on.  There were folks in there in shorts and crap that they just pulled out of the hamper so it doesn't look like they enforce the rules.PS: The gals get a rose upon entry which you can give to one of the many hobos or unsupervised little kids outside on the FSE.
5	What a gem of a place hidden in ol' 4Queens.  Easily the best restaurant in downtown.  The food was great and the service even better.  Females receive a rose.  Who does that anymore?  Everything comes with a custom salad made to order.  Steaks were great.The ceiling were low--hey, it's called a cellar for a reason.  The room's filled with dark wood and cozy.I also like this place because we were comped here often.  Yay!
4	great steaks!great wine list!great service!and don't miss out on a pre-meal martini... stellar!the only reason for not giving this review 5 stars is the local...
5	Loved this place! The atmosphere is so romantic and all of the staff does their best to make your time there incredible. Your meal includes: a rose for the lady, bottled water, a salad made tableside, a dessert tray with mini treats and chocolate covered berries, and a sorbet. Steak wasn't the best I've had, but I'm really picky. The steak was very good, but if this steak was served in a barn with crappy service I wouldn't be raving about this place. The overall experience is what makes this place! Dinner for 2 was ~150 with tax and tip. Not bad for Vegas, and not bad considering all that was included. We left stuffed!
5	Holy crap was this place awesome!Was about to eat @ the Golden Nugget buffet w/ my parents on a recent Vegas trip.  Then my aunt remembered where the "other' place was that they wanted to eat @ on their last trip out there.It is located in the lower level of the 4 Queens Casino in the old downtown area on Freemont St.  Upon arrival in this little basement restaurant, the ladies were given roses to take to our dinner table.  The place was very seductive looking, w/ very low lighting and some nice jazz playing softly in the backround.Three waiters took turns pouring our Evian water, handing us menus, and taking our cocktail orders.  The menu was a great mix of top notch seafood and Grade A cuts of meat.  I ordered the Tournados Hugo.... two 5 oz filets wrapped in bacon and topped w/ foie gras sereved w/ a delicious beef stock reduction.  Dad had the swordfish, aunt had the scallops, mom had veal oscar, and uncle had the veal chop.  Before dinner, your waiter comes tableside w/ a salad cart and prepares each salad separatly!  It's like going to the salad bar without actually getting up to go to the salad bad.  Friggen Awesome.  After the customized salad, the table is sereved a mini sorbet ice cream cones to cleanse the pallet.  Raspberry sorbet to be more specific.  How cute and delicious.  All of the diners were A- or better.  my foie gras left a bit to be desired, but that is about the only thing i could find wrong during the entire dinner.The prices look pretty hefty when you first sit down and look @ the menu,(most dinner are $40 and higher) but you have to realize how much you are actually getting w/ this dinner.  The amount of food was perfectly stuffing.  And even if you don't want desert, they bring you a tray of chocolate covered strawberries, figs and apricots w/ whipped cream!Other nice things:  Martinis come in small, iced carafes, so you can drink and then pour more when you are ready.  A wine steward actually brings your wine directly from the wine cellar, not your waiters.  Nice to have a wine steward so they can answer any questions you may have about your fermented grapes.When in Vegas, GO~!
5	My wife and I were introduced to this place approx 10 years ago by some friends and it is still as great as it was back then.  We recently just came went back and things have not changed (which is a great thing).All I can say about this place is it is Very Old Las Vegas (where the the attention to detail is only parrelleld to the Romance that this place ooozes..Do your self a favor and hit this place up with your loved one.  It is easily the most romantic place in Vegas.
5	This place is amazing. Excellent food, incredible service, and a great atmosphere. I was actually worried when we walked into the cheesy hotel that this restaurant is located in, but all fears were tossed out the window when a red rose was given to every woman in our group. They bring the salad cart over to the table so that they can make it right in front of you. Raspberry sorbet is served between dishes to cleanse the palate. This restaurant is in a class of it's own.
5	It doesn't get any better than this!Start with a martini; it comes generously proportioned in an ice-bath ready to make you feel like you're in Vegas.  Then pick the brains of your sommelier and they'll set you right with the wine. It's a very traditional menu; the dry-aged steaks were cooked to perfection and melted in your mouth, the ladies had lamb and reported it as excellent.  The bring the salad cart over and prepare it right in front of you; it's an interesting exercise to choose for your partner and see if you get it right!Somehow we managed to fit in banana's foster at the end, mostly because our waiter promised to flambe it right in front of us, which he did.  And you have to have the vacuum cona coffee, swizzling in your cream with a cinnamon stick while downing a chocolate dipped strawberry.The staff were as good as any you ever ask for.  They were telling us that Hugo's has been there for like 20 years, and in that time the only "advertising" they've done is start a web-page.  It's all word-of-mouth and repeat business; take our word for it - if you're in Vegas make the trip out to the 4 Queens and you won't be disappointed.
5	I was a little speculative about this place given that it is at the bottom of a run down casino in Down Town Vegas but I had no reason to worry. This place blew me away. From the rose to the salad cart to the service this place is class and romance all the way.  My first time here we ordered the Cellers Champion Chateaubriand and Lobster for Two.  It was awesome. Everything was cooked perfect.  The second time I came here I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass with the Sauce Nantua (crab meat topped with a creamy shrimp sauce).  This was even better! I have found my favorite and will definitely be ordering this again. Super delicious. Super, super, SUPER!! I can't comment on the desserts because I am so full after everything that I have never ordered one. Their drinks on the other hand I have tried. And they are STRONG! You don't need to have any worries about watered down drinks at this place. Boys. If you have a girl you want to impress or you have been a jerk to the one you have and need to do some damage control and make up? This is the place.
5	This was one of my best all-time eating experiences ever!Flashback 24-hours earlier where my hubby and I spent way too much $$$ at a snooty Strip restaurant (Table 10?) that charged you for every side, had three waiters constantly hard-selling you and served very mediocre food. Screw those guys.Flash forward to our next night's meal at Hugo's: a classy (70s Vegas classy), pampered evening where we ate the best food of our lives.Ladies get a rose at the door, the youngest waitstaff have been there for 10 years (some of the guys have been there for 20). You get warmed hand towels, sorbet to cleanse your palette, salads are served up at your table...and the meat--oh the meat--is some of the best I've ever had in my life. I've heard they have an amazing wine selection as well, but we chose to go with some of their martinis which were to die for and plentiful. Sure it's $14 a martini, but they give you a carafe with the extra from the shaker so really you're getting 3 drinks for that price.Located in the cellar of the Four Queens Hotel on Fremont Street this place screams Old-school Vegas. I was channeling Sharon Stone in Casino the whole time. No nickle-and-dime---you pay heartily, but you get a lot. It's worth every penny for the ambiance alone. Love it!
5	My bf took me here for our anniversary, and we loved it! I'll organize my thoughts so it's easy to follow...ATMOSPHERE: Romantic but a bit "old." Most people there are in their 40's - 60's, but don't let that stop you from going. Try to get a booth if you're there with your significant other to make the meal more romantic :)FOOD: Wonderful! I ordered the sea bass which was slightly seared and served on top of crab meat and shrip. My bf ordered the duck with wild rice and he absolutely loved it! The great thing is, included in your meal is a salad (made in front of you), a palate cleanser (lemon sorbet) and dessert (chocolate covered strawberries, apricots, and figs). They actually make part of the meat and some of the dessert table side, which is fun.SERVICE: Great! Service usually makes or breaks my dining experience, and the service here was top notch. OVERALL: Great atmosphere, food, and service. Not much more you can ask for!
4	One of the better kept secrets of Las Vegas, you'd probably never know about this place unless a friend told you about it (like me!).  Tucked underneath the Four Queens Hotel in downtown Las Vegas, this place is the ultimate old school "wine and dine" your woman joint (complete with a complimentary rose for the lady).  One of the things I like most about this place is that you actually have a snowflakes chance in hell of bringing your own wine to enjoy here (as long as you're cool to the sommelier and don't make a scene about it).  No chance of doing this on the Strip.Did I mention "old school"?  They bring the salad cart to the table and prepare it a la Lawry's style right in front of you.  Beware of eating too much of this as it's definitely a meal in itself.  The steaks here are aged just right and don't disappoint.  The lamb is excellent as well.  I tried a bite of the sea bass once and it was pretty damn good.  The service is impressive and don't be surprised if you get someone who's practically lived and worked there his entire life.  It's really cozy (get a booth), schedule plenty of time here to relax and enjoy your meal, and get to know your server as they have all sorts of stories to share w/ you if you wish.  Definitely an older crowd plus a lot of regulars so if you want glam, stick to the Strip....but if you want a unique old school Vegas experience, this is definitely it.Pricing is what you'd expect for LV but maybe a little cheaper.  Make a reservation in advance for sure, especially if you're coming from the Strip.  Nothing sucks worse than paying taxi fare only to find you're paying another taxi the same on the way back hungry.
4	I had my first visit to Hugo's Cellar this past weekend and throughly enjoyed it. My bf and I went with another couple who had previously dined here before on several occasions. As we entered, both Karen and I received a long stemmed red rose which I found hilarious for some reason.My dirty martini was pretty damn good and so was the bacon wrapped filet mignon served on crab legs along with garlic mashed potatoes. Oh yes, I almost forgot, the table side salad. Our salad maker, I think was named Kenny? made a great salad and I had every damn topping short of onions that he offered. The only thing we missed out on was dessert but time was an issue. I'd definitely recommend going here for the "old-school" steak experience, especially with good friends who can appreciate the vibe...
5	Following a tip from the bartender at Social House, we decided to get our steakhouse fix in here at the restaurant at the Four Queens.An aside:  downtown Las Vegas is a lot more fun than I remembered it being.  The people are friendlier, the games less expensive and it's a great way to balance out the chaos of being on the Strip.The service at the Cellar:  fantastic.  They check up on you frequently if you look confused or just looking for a waiter.  The sommelier led us to a tasty selection.The atmosphere:  cozy and friendly.  Matt mentioned that it was like being at a great wedding reception.  There's enough privacy between each table, but everyone was close enough to see each other as well.The food:  great.  The main courses start off with a salad made right at the table.  You get to choose all the ingredients you want as it's made.  I never enjoyed a salad as much as this one.  The steaks were tasty and come with a variety of sauces and topping.The value:  like most if not all things in downtown Las Vegas, the value is excellent.  We expected to pay much more for this dining experience.
5	I'm with the band: Hugo's should not be missed. It is as it should be when one parts with hard earned dollars for another to prepare and serve them a nice dinner. Isn't that what we all want?Excellent cuisine, unobtrusive service, and chivalry. Save room for dessert and the Kona coffee--a nice finish.
5	Fantasic meal in the basement of one of the scummiest casinos in town.  Romantic, tasty, filling, and charming, I would recommend everyone visiting vegas visit here.  The cocktails were fantastic.  Save yourself some room and don't order an appetizer, the portions were huge.  Best meal in Vegas.
5	This palce is very interesting. My boyfriend brought me here as a surprise, and well... walking there I was definitely a bit shocked. The hotel is kind of old and dinky and as I walked by the Subway and TCBY signs I was definitely wondering, "Where the HECK are we going?" But once there I was so pleasantly surprised! The ambience is great. The welcome rose was a hit for sure! The food was definitely a bit pricey, but you get sooo much for it (and compared to the rest of Vegas a steal).My bf and I aren't huge eaters so we just shared an appetizer and one entree. The bread and cheese toasted lavash was really good and of course they refill it as soon as you are done. Also, they must have some job description as "water-filler" because I don't think my glass of water was ever more than 1" from the rim! They just kept refilling it, after a while I had to stop drinking water or else I wouldn't have had room for the food.The hot marble slab appetizer (with 2 pieces of filet, 2 pieces of swordfish, 2 pieces of chicken, and 4 shrimps) was SO amazingly good. I don't know how they get everything to cook so soft and tender when they do it right in front of you. The selection just must be very quality.  The salad that comes with the meal = awesome! I loved the idea of making food in front of you and they do it was such bravado. Our entree was the shrimp scampi and well it was so yummy, but I was trying to save room for the dessert! Complimentary raspberry sorbet and chocolate dipped apricot, figs, and strawberries with fresh cream.Overall I have to say it was such a great and fun experience that made me forget I was in flash Las Vegas.Thanks yelp! My bf said he chose it from here :D and I am so glad I got to go.
3	I'm giving Hugo's an extra star for the wait staff. Victor and Vincent double teamed us and blew our socks off. The food was just ok... I had the fillet and while it was big it wasn't one of the best fillets I've ever had. It just lacked a bit of character. There was no wow factor I guess. The mashed potato's are the best I've ever had. They could be radioactive and I would still eat them by the truckload. My wife had the veal and it was a edible, but nothing she would order again. The salads are cool, the service great, and the wine list was stout. If your downtown check it out, but I'm not sure I would take the $20 cab ride to and from from the strip just to eat here.
5	Best meal in Vegas I've ever had! Huge delicious portions (I thoroughly enjoyed my filet). Salad made at the table. Free rose to all the ladies (bonus!). And some delicious desserts, to boot! Also, there is a great wine selection, nay, AWESOME wine selection.Having to go through the decidedly lower-rent Four Queens to get there is interesting, but Hugo's Cellar really is a slice of heaven in Downtown Vegas. Come for a romantic and delicious dinner, stay for a yard of margaritas and the light show outside afterward.
5	If you're ever in Vegas, and looking for a great meal, excellent customer service and isn't afraid to spend good money for it, this is the place to be!We celebrated a friend's 25th birthday over the weekend with a party of 11.  From the beginning to the end, the experience was wonderful.  Each female who walked by hostess was handed a long stem rose (very nice gesture).  We were then seated right away and menu was introduced.  Each meal came with a salad which they make fresh at the table.  A cute mini sorbet cone was given to everyone to clean our pallets.  Next came our main course, and boy was it a lot of food!  My friend and I shared the scallops and the 16 ounce prime rib and could not finish our plates!  The scallops were seared to perfection and the prime rib was cooked as ordered.  By the time the chocolate covered figs and strawberries came in time for dessert, I was so full but I tried one anyways because they looked so good!  You must try this place it least ONCE in your lifetime.
4	Wonderful steak house located in the Four Queens, downtown. My date and I shared the Chateaubriand for two which came with lobster tails. An impressive hunk o' cow was carved at our table, the lobster tails were de-shelled and the veggies were plated in front of us from a silver platter. My only minor whine is the food should have been a little hotter and the beef was slightly undercooked, but everything tasted great.  Love the rose they give the ladies, the tableside salad service is fun and the serving is very generous, and the dessert plate at the end with chocolate covered strawberries, figs and apricots was a classy and unique finish.We prefer slightly sweet wines and the sommelier recommended a wonderful Reisling that we thoroughly enjoyed.A very retro 70's atmosphere with brick walls and romantic lighting and oil paintings on the walls. The service from our wait staff was quite good as well.  A much better value than most steak shops located on the Strip (with the exception of The Steak House at Circus Circus, which is still the best in town IMHO).
3	Came here last night with a few of my coworkers. Was suggested to go here by a Vegas local. He said it was one of his favorite restaurants in the Freemont St area. I don't see it. I ordered the duck which was good, but nothing spectacular. I wonder if I was supposed to order the steak here?? No clue. The tableside salad thing was kind of cool, I like how they mix it right in front of you. Extra stuff always gets me excited. :)  The free dessert is always a plus as well. As for the service... WAY grouchy! Everyone that worked there just looked absolutely miserable. Maybe I should have given them my free rose. Cause they needed a bit of cheering up! :) :)
5	I love this place! My husband and I have been eating here for years. We often take company here for a very entertaining and enjoyable evening. The ambiance is amazing...think old school Vegas with dimly lit tables in a cozy nook. The sommelier is a comedian in his own right and gives the best wine suggestions! The food is amazing! The tableside salad is amazing. I've had their rack of lamb, the halibut, the steak au poivre and the lobster tails and have never been disappointed! The bananas foster is a real treat for dessert too! If you like a nice romantic dining experience, this is your place!
5	Hugo's Cellar is one of my favourite restaurants of all time, and it definitely tops the list on places to eat in Vegas! Famous for great food and atmosphere, the fact that it is tucked away in the corner of downtown casino makes it all that much cooler. Sincerely, if you're in town and looking for a fantastic dining experience -- Hugo's Cellar is a sure thing. It's a ritual for me -- every time I'm in Vegas, I have to eat there! Any dish is guaranteed to be good. And be prepared to enjoy optional toppings for your salad -- every meal comes with a salad, and you will be asked what you want on your salad...! :)
4	You have to eat here at least once in your life if you frequent Vegas.It's under the Four Queens Hotel like a bomb shelter.  It's very dark and romantic.  Every woman who enters gets a rose from the host.  The table side salad is to die for and I'm not a salad guy.  They basically roll this cart over and you choose the toppings........  Tons of baby shrimp please.....The food is wonderful and if you take a date there you'll impress him/her.  You'll also get the old mafioso feeling in the clubby environment.
3	So this is now the talk of L.V. when it comes to high end, high priced dining.. I can say anything you order comes with potato's, (boiled red, or whipped), veggies, and a salad that is made to order; right at your table.. The steaks are all large portions, and the fish is well prepared. But NOTHING but the salad, really was above average.. So, If your in the area of downtown L.V., and you want to impress a date, or have an occasion to celebrate, (and your not concerned about spending an average of $40 bux per entree); come and enjoy. Otherwise, I'd say stay on the strip, and go to Encore or Something nice @ the MGM or Mandalay Bay. (The MIX that is on the top floor of THE HOTEL is MUCH better, and there the ambiance is topnotch..
5	I absoluetly love this restaurant. It's defiantly pricy, not gonna lie, but the food is spectacular, and the ambience is even better. You should probably make reservations, because some nights are packed. The host(ess) seeats you, grabbing roses for all the females in the bunch. The server comes and brings lavash bread and "bottled water". There is a wine sommelier (better be good wine), as well as a full bar. The meals come with a salad cart, stocked full of different toppings, such as anchovies, bay shrimp, bleu cheese, and an amazing peppercorn dressing. The steaks are amazing, I go for filet mignon or any small cut steak. The dessert is my favorite part, they bring you fresh whipped cream and chocolate dipped fruit. No need to order any other dessert. This meal is one of a kind, the ambience is dark and mysterious "hence cellar". The meal will cost ya and the bathroom is located in the casino, but it is well worth it! Trust me
4	From the roses to the ladies upon arrival to the chocolate covered fruit at the end of the meal, Hugo's is more than a meal, it's a dining experience. This is an ideal place to take your special lady (or guy) for a special meal. Ironically, my first meal there was with three other guys, but I immediately brought my wife there the next time we were in Vegas.Hugo's gives you a throwback feel to the classy full service fine dining from days of yore. The sommalier was very helpful and the table side salads were a real treat. My favorite entree was the beef wellington.Plan on spending some coin, but just sit back and soak everything in. You don't find many places like Hugo's Cellar any more.
5	This place is like a hidden gem in downtown Vegas. It is on Fremont Street in the 4 Queens casino. Generally, I don't spend much time on Fremont Street when I visit Vegas. They prepare the salad for you right at your table. I remember the service being really great, top-notch. The food was delicious. We aslo sat next to a table of famous poker players which was kind of funny, too. It's definitely a nice place and probably a great place to go for a special ocassion dinner. It isn't that expensive but I wouldn't say it was cheap either.
4	I've been to this place a few times, I love the 20 topping, table side made salad. The steaks are ok, very tender, but lacking in flavor.The veal chop and duck were good. The lemon sorbet betweenthe courses was a nice treat. If its your birthday, you get a freechocolate mousse!Prices aren't outrageous, your meal includes sides, salad, evian water and chocolate dipped dried fruit and whip cream, plus they have real waiters, who practice the lost art of waiting!
5	Gotta agree with prior post, "old school and this place rocks"!   Always a great meal, the salad is the best in town.  Very romantic setting and the long stem rose given to your lovely lady upon arrival  is a terrific way to start the evening.  Prime rib is very good as is everything I've ever had here.   IMO, it's hard to beat Hugo's
5	I had to check this place out because of all the good stuff people have been saying.   And they are right.   Great food.  Charming staff.Salads rock!   Hot rock appetizer is da bomb.   Get the steak.  You can't go wrong.  I don't recommend the Queen's lobster though.  Drowning in sauce and a little bit too salty for my taste.   But I would definetly go back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	A Vegas classic!  Whenever I'm in Vegas, I make sure to go out for one really nice meal.  I made my return to Hugo's Cellar for the first time in years, and now I remember why I love it so much.  The service is absolutely exceptional, and you just get so much more for your money.For about the same price as a dry filet mignon at the Strip House (Planet Hollywood), you get a salad made to your exact taste at your table, a 10 oz filet with your choice of crusting and sauce, a palate cleanser and chocolate dipped strawberries, figs and apricots.  And the preparation is excellent all around.A sommelier who recommended a bottle of wine 25% under our wine budget was a refreshing change as well.If you're downtown and looking for an amazing dining experience, head to the 4 Queens and try Hugo's Cellar - you won't be disappointed.
3	Vegas is filled with steakhouses.  Palazzo, alone, has three of them.  So with so many options on the strip, its going to have to take a pretty good recommendation for me to stray off the strip for my savory appetite.  Hugo's cellar was recommended to us by one of our customers and he mentioned that it was one of the best steaks he has ever had.  Big words, when it comes to steak in Vegas (..and it was mentioned to us during dinner at Delmonico's).  Nonetheless, my girlfriend and I made it our mission to try Hugo's the next time we were in Vegas.  Here is the short of it:Pros:Your lady friend gets a rose when you enter the restaurant.  The amount of food you get for 50 dollars (steak) is a lot.  You get bread, chocolate covered strawberries, salad, and potatoes or vegetables.Reasonably priced compared to most, if not all a la carte steakhousesCons:Decor is more old school (or hasn't been changed in a while).  Fits in well with the Fremont street casinos.The steak and the meal were just OK for me.  I definitely left full but I wouldn't necessarily say it was melt in your mouth or the steak was anything to write home about.  Vegas Cons: In a city where image can be anything, this place just doesn't cut it.  Its in a cellar and it is on Fremont street.  There are so many other choices in Vegas that can give you a better view, or a more comfortable seating, or give you better recognition or name.  The crowd is older, not as dressy and fits more with the surroundings.  I wore dark jeans and a nice shirt (standard guy-wear) and I felt overdressed.  In the end though, I would eat there again.  However, one has to understand the type of meal you are getting and what you are paying for.  With that in hand, its one of the best deals on the strip.
2	I was looking forward to trying Hugo's after having read many great reviews and hearing a lot about how this place really is exceptional. My husband and I went for a nice dinner to celebrate a very special occasion.I do think they have great things to offer as far as the rose for the ladies, the large amounts of food for the money, and the old school Vegas atmosphere, if that's what you like.  The service was top notch with many attending to our every need.BUT the mediocre food could not make up for all of the above. I ordered the Filet Boeuf, which is a bacon wrapped 10oz filet with lump crab meat. My husband ordered the NY strip.His NY strip had great flavor and was a tad under cooked for medium but my filet was way undercooked. I've been to plenty of nice steak places and have ordered my filet medium. This place turned it out pretty much rare. The steak was very thick and did not have enough charring on the outside as usual and was raw.The lump crab that the steak sat on, was mixed with what appeared to be a dry stuffing mixture and it was dry. I didn't care very much for the texture or flavor.The green beans were cooked well but had no flavor and the mashed potato was firm. They scooped it with a ice cream scooper and it could have been a little softer.The meal reminded me of when you attend a seminar or a mid price ranged wedding and they serve you mediocre food that is luke warm.Although the price is great considering a table side hand tossed salad, all the veggies, bread, chocolate covered fruit tray, and bottled water are all included with the entree and not a la carte like most places, the value really isn't there if the steak isn't done right.I don't know if it was a fluke with my steak having been undercooked but the overall meal left little desire for me to return for a second trip.
4	Good quality steakhouse.  The salad cart is great and comes complete with all kinds of interesting ingredients like pine nuts and 'chovies.  I enjoy the atmosphere, but the decor is more than a bit dated--think old school Vegas.  I have had wonderful steaks here over many years, but I have to say my last trip I had a disappointing cut of beef.  The sorbet palate cleanser is a great touch after a salad with the aforementioned 'chovies!!
5	Every lady deserves a rose. And that's what Hugo's gives you. Additionally, a candle lit dinner in a romantic setting, many men to wait upon you, and exceptional food. What more could a girl ask for?
5	My wife and I ate there Sunday night for the 1st time. We have been coming to Vegas for years but never tried it. I had the 24 oz prime rib and it just melted in my mouth, the best prime rib I've ever had. My wife had the Filet and it was equal in perfection. They make your salad right at your table with plenty of items you can choose to top it with. This place was reccomended to us years ago but we never went, we won't make that mistake again we will visit it again on our next trip.
4	Awesome steak house, had the crab stuffed filet.. Fantastic, plus the salad cart, sorbet, and dessert tray? You're blowing it if you don't go.
5	Hugo's Cellar blew my hair back, knocked my socks off, pampered us, tucked us in and made sweet love to us all night long!This place was orgazmic to say the very least. We arrived without a reservation and were able to accommodate us immediately. The maitre d' handed the ladies in our party a long stemmed rose and treated us like royalty. Our server, I believe his name was Anthony, was a true professional. He got us all excited about the meal we were about to experience. Our meal was something that we are still talking about.it began with cocktails and a salad server arrived with a basket of fresh breads and built our salads tableside. We had over a dozen toppings to choose from and several dressings....so good!After the salad we were served a mini sorbet to cleanse the pallet. I think mine was raspberry and it was so ideal after eating the anchovies in the salad.Jason and I ordered the Chateaubriand for two and lobster tails. it was served with baby new potatoes and fresh spring vegetables. Our chateau was cooked to perfection and melted in your mouth. It burst with so much flavor that it made us both pause and look at each other with the look of satisfaction, kinda like the look you have after some really good circus style sex. Our friends ordered the rib eye and they were completely amazed with it! We all said over and over how that meal was the absolute best meal we had all ever had.We thought our dinner was over. But, to our surprise "Anthony came over with an assortment of chocolate dipped fruits (strawberries, figs & apricots) and REAL whipped creme, and the dessert tray. We ordered two desserts from the tray and they were both served with REAL whipped creme and were TO DIE FOR!During dinner we were talking about how we could just feel how good the coffee was going to be and sure enough. The coffee was so yummy!The service was IMPECCABLE! We did not want for anything. Several times we commented on how we had NEVER had service like this EVER before, EVER! We felt as if we were waited on hand and foot! Our drinks were never neglected and we did not have to look for our server once. He was there every time we needed him and was not intrusive at all. We are going to back to Vegas just to eat here again!Bravo Hugo's Cellar!
4	This is a great place to eat dinner when visiting Las Vegas. It is a nice romantic setting, the service is great, and the food is very good. You get a custom freshly tossed salad made tableside, and chocolate dipped fruits with each entree. The entrees are huge and very good. This place is much more reasonably priced than many of the high-end places on the strip and just as good, plus it gives you a chance to hang out on Fremont Street.
4	Been there on 2 trips to Vegas. Intimate atmoshere and attentive waiters. Somewhat pricey but well worth the visit. Excellent menu choices.
5	So, a friend and I were in Vegas, and we wanted to check out a steak place off the main strip.  We YELP'ed and this is where we ended up.We first made reservations, and when we arrived the excellent service began!  It's your traditional old school italian steakhouse.  Kind of dark, cozy decor and gentlemen waiters.They greeted us w/ long stem roses, then started explaining the menu.  They start you off w/ fresh salad table side.  You get to pick and choose all the toppings + dressing and then they toss it for you.  I usually eat salad, but i'm talking about the best salad I ever had.  I finished the whole dinner plate sized salad.  Then our food came out...we ordered steak and lobster and shared.  The food was DELICIOUS...and I eat out at a lot of fine dining establishments.  We ate as much as we could fit in our bellies and then wrapped up the rest.  Then i remembered reading something about chocolate covered strawberries, figs & apricots w/ the fresh whipped cream.  Since we were pretty much about to pass out from the food coma we were entering, the waiter wrapped up the dessert for us.When we got back from being out all night, we remembered the food we had and can I tell you...we had a feast @ 4 A.M.  I'm allergic to strawberries, but I still ate the giant chocolate covered strawberries with no hesitation.I tell everybody that goes to Vegas to check this place out.  It's also nice since it's in old vegas, you get to check out a different section of Vegas.I would def. go back every single time I go back to Vegas.
2	They need to learn the basic of cooking and season their beef with salt.   Do not waste money or time.  I ordered the Chaeuteaubriand and it was so unflavored I had to soak it in the sauce to eat it.  My daughter ordered chicken and barely could eat two bites before saying I am done with this dish.  This place was not blowing your socks away or being pampered type of place.   4 Queens will also charge for parking even if u valet.   Be warned.  Overrated restaurant.
5	DeeeLISH! The meal price includes a large custom salad appetizer, all your side dishes and  a significant dessert - I hate it when steakhouses make you pay for everything separate!! (Ruth Chris??!! Sheesh)My steak melted in my mouth, it was AMAZING, best I've ever had in Vegas. The service was also stellar. Even though it's in a trashy hotel, it's nothing but class all the way at Hugo's ...
5	I want to make sweet, sweet love to Hugo Cellar. I mean, I was given a rose when I walked in the door AND a custom salad was made for each person in my group, in front of us, at the table. That calls for some major lovin'. This place is old school classy and I loved it. Ignore the fact that it's in the Four Queens and GO, now. (If you have some cash to drop, that is...) It looks like a Cellar that your Dad or Grandpa might frequent, all brick and leather chairs and green glass chandeliers. But Oh, the food. Oh yes. And the wine! They have an on-site sommelier and he has personality to spare. Loved him. Starts out with a salad that is custom made off a cart for you at your table. I recommend the Orange Vinaigrette, it was blow-your-mind good. I ate my whole salad, even though I knew a ton more food was coming, it was that amazing. And you can have it made really simple, or do like my guy did and get the works...which includes anchovies, hearts of palm, pine nuts, red onion, etc. Then you get a little mini raspberry sorbet to clear your palette. It worked! I had an amazing chicken and mushroom dish, but also know that the scallops and filet mignon come highly recommended by my foodie friends. After all of the moaning and giving each other bites of the deliciousness, you are treated to freaking chocolate dipped strawberries and figs with creme fraiche. (it's an all inclusive price.) My friends had been there before and raved about the Bananas Foster. Now I see why. This guy in a Tux stands at your table and makes an AMAZING Bananas Foster, we are talking flames rising and the whole shebang. So delectable, I had said I would have a bite but ended up having like 5. And I double licked the spoon. If you are looking for a true experience type restaurant, this is your place. I truly enjoyed myself here and will definitely go again. I want to go to there!
5	This classic Vegas restaurant in the cellar of Four Queens is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  The table side salad, steaks and wine service/selection are unbeatable.  Also, although it is expensive, it's a great value when compared to some of the newer more flashy/trendy restaurants.  You definitely don't want to miss the table side salad which is the best salad ever.  I don't think you'll find better steaks anywhere.  I usually get the 10 oz. fillet, but last night I got it wrapped in bacon served on top of crap meat...spectacular.  The table and wine service are definitely 5 stars and so is the food.  If your staying on the strip, it is worth the trip downtown to eat at Hugo's Cellar.
4	Old Vegas Old Vegas Old Vegas Old Vegas!If I didn't already tell you, this is OLD VEGAS deluxe.  In the bowels of the 4 queens in downtown, a truly hidden gem for dinner.  Warm dark walls, booths and a menu reminiscent of "the old days".  Not sure if the building or staff have been there longer, but they are all top notch.First, the wine Sommalier is a fine Englishman with a extremely broad wine knowledge and a very pleasant demeanor.  We eat here perhaps twice per year and he remembers our names and the wine we had last visit.The evening focuses around the salad cart with over 15 different items  and three home made dressings tossed table side by Victor the salad master.  Thereafter there are the old time standards, rack of lamb, veal oscar, steak diane, etc.I had the veal oscar with crab , white asparagus and a wine demiglace, it was tender and very good.  My wife had the salad and shrimp cocktail, she wasn't very hungry, it too was nice.  My mother rounded out with the swordfish simply grilled, tender and good.  We chose a very nice, and nicely priced ($65.00) Spanish Cabernet "2003 Torres" mas la planta.You are served a berry sorbet in a mini waffle cone between courses and finish off with chocolate dipped strawberries  and figs.  Yes, we were stuffed but had the banana's flambe anyway.... a must.Listen to me!!!  If you go to Vegas you MUST come here.  Forget charlie trotter, aureole etc.  Relax and take a trip back in time.  You'll thank me later.
2	After reading all the stellar reviews, I knew this was the place for my hubby and I to celebrate our first anniversary.I was pretty surprised when we arrived.  I did get a rose but the place seemed as unpretentious as you can get.  There were people in jeans drinking Bud Lite everywhere!  I felt overdressed in my casual dress and hubs in his kakis and button down.  Anyway, dinner STARTED off great.  We were greeted immediately, drink orders brought promptly, dinner ordered in no time flat.  Bread basket arrived (bread just okay, nothing special) and salad cart whisked over.  We got started on our delicious salads (so fun getting to custom order at your table from the salad cart!)Then it was like 'poof', everyone disappeared!  We couldn't get a drink refill or even a glass of water to save our life.  We were so desperate we even tried to get a drink from the food runner (of course he just mumbled something about tracking down our server but never did).  To make matters worse, we were sandwiched between two very large, very loud & drunk parties so we had to shout at each other just to have a conversation.  Dinner was perfectly cooked - I had the seafood trio, he had the prime rib.  Both excellent, no complaints there.  The chocolate dipped fruit was kind of lame (dried apricots dipped in chocolate?  not so good) but whatever, it came with the meal.  We didn't get any sorbet after salad so maybe they stopped doing that?  I dunno.    Finished our fruit and sat around for another 20 minutes until my husband finally started waving his credit card around trying to catch someone's eye.  20 minutes later bill finally arrived.  Brought by the salad guy.  Ridiculous!  Had to leave because we were so parched.    4 stars for food, 1/2 a star for service and ambiance.  I'd spend my hard earned money somewhere else!
4	AH, tis a good life.  (pics will be posted soon)...Made my way down the stairs into the dark "cellar" flanked by three handsome gentlemen (my daddy, my bf, and his dad) and got my red rose....wore red shoes to match the rose! :)We were seated and got our complementary mountain spring water and bread....I got a glass of Riesling to accompany my meal.My favorite part of the meal was the individually tossed salads tableside...I think I can come back here just for that.  I had romaine with egg, mushroom, tomato, anchovy, bay shrimp, artichokes, hearts of palm, crouton, parmesan, maybe a few other things I can't remember, and honey-walnut vinaigrette.  soooo good!!!~raspberry sorbet intermezzo was tasty~I ordered tournedos Hugo.  2 5-oz filets topped with foie gras and artichoke in bernaise sauce, came with roasted garlic mashed potatoes, baby carrots, white and green asparagrus, and sauteed mushrooms.  The foie gras was not my favorite, too pasty and no crust or juiciness like at Rosemary's.  In fact, it was barely on the second steak.  The artichokes here, unlike in the salad, were tough to eat.  However, the filet was amazingly tender and the sauce delicious.  I gave my leftovers to my bf (aka disposal), as did my dad (he ordered the 16 oz ribeye).  Dessert: chocolate dipped figs, strawberries and apricots with cream dip were soooo yummy!!!!In conclusion, great service and probably a place you go once or twice in a lifetime!  So in Hugo's honor, I made an interesting salad for lunch today.My rose is in a water-bottle-vase that I made, but the fun was walking around all dressed up in the Four Queens holding it and I looked stunning (with the red shoes of course) and watching my dad win at craps.
5	Go there!!! Order the Blue cheese crusted Rib eye. Get a table-side salad (customized to your liking) and take advantage of their two sommeliers on staff. Most of the employees have worked there for over 20 years and they know their sh*t. They're super witty, classy, and hilarious.I went with my girlfriend, and another couple. In total (the four of us) we ordered two steaks, two lovely bottles of wine, two apps (crab cakes and shrimp cocktail) and two table side salads (then split). I think we dropped $320 all together. The experience was wonderful and we'll definitely return. Enjoy.
4	Everything was very good, but nothing was memorable.Ordered the Rack of Lamb.  It was good...not memborable.  Other party members ordered the Filet Mignon...I tasted it...it was good, not memorable.The tableside-made-to-order salad was pretty cool.  The guy shows up with a cart of fixin's and literally makes each persons salad, just the way they want it.  This is included with each meal (no extra charge).After dinner, they bring out some chocolate-dipped fruits.  This is also included at no extra charge.I'll give it 4 stars for now.  I need to try it again and it can go up to 5 stars, but it can also drop to 3 stars.  Maybe it stays at 4.
5	A friend who lives in Vegas recommened Hugos to us.  We had a party of 6 had no problem getting a reservation and when we walked in all the ladies received a rose..aw..The wine menu was extensive and the sommalier was very helpful in choosing a wine for the table.  The menu had many choices we all ordered something a little different and each enjoyed our entrees.  As starters we got escargot and lobster bisquit - they come to your table and make a salad to your liking.  The portions are huge!! and it comes with dessert, chocolate covered strawberries and fruit.  The coffee was a little weak but was served with wipcream, cinnamon sticks and chocolate mint sticks.  We loved our dinner and it was a very old school setting.
5	You wouldn't expect to find great Lobster Bisque in the middle of the desert......But we did!  Maybe the best ever!  And incredible salad!  Didn't need the entree... But enjoyed the sea bass, crab cake, and prawns anyway!  Great food-excellent presentation!  Way too much food!
4	Good quality steak dinner with excellent waiter "theatre" service.Not sure about the sommelier from Yorkshire, England. Had a strange attitude towards the diners. We had our salad prepared at the table, you get to choose the ingredients. Try the Filet with prawns if you struggle with 16oz steaks. Good night out for a group. Look forward to going back one day.
2	Two stars for two things I LOVED there.. The delicious salad with orange/honey vinaigrette and my chocolate moose! They lost most of the stars due to PRICE! Too expensive. I couldn't eat all of Hugo's Chicken because it is OK. Sun Dried tomato in it looks pasty in my chicken.  $330 for 5 people with only two desserts ordered and we decided not to have wine.. That's quite pricey. I will not go back.
3	The bar at this place is awesome...good pours and reasonable prices compared to being on the strip.  The service is top quality at this place and I would recommend it for couples or non-couples.  The salad cart is kind of cool, but doesn't compare to my experiences at HOPR in SF.  My salad tasted like anchovies because they use the same tongs to mix everything...just an fyi.I ordered the rib eye which was pretty awesome.  The sides were mediocre and it probably didn't need a slathering of sauce...it was such high quality beef and cooked properly, so I felt bad about it  being all sauced up.My dining companions ordered the beef wellington and the filet with foie gras.  The wellington tasted good to me, but my friend eating did not feel the same.  The filet was a bit overcooked (medium rare was ordered, and it was medium well), but still pretty tasty.   So I am kind of mixed, a lot of things were great but some things were not so great.  For now, they get 3 stars and I will probably go back.
3	I really wanted a great steak before I left Vegas and since I was staying downtown I decided to try Hugos.  It's in the Four Queens which meant we had to walk through a huge line waiting for the $7.99 Prime Rib at the restaurant next door.  This should have been my first clue this wouldn't be the steak I was looking for.  The atmosphere is very old school and probably good for your parents anniversary but not great if you're under 40.  But I was here for the meat so it wasn't really an issue.  The first problem though was the beer list wasn't very extensive (mostly domestics) and the server didn't know much about the imports.  My buddy ended end with a wheat beer with apple flavor which was not something he wanted.  Mine was a Samuel Smith Pale Ale which was quite good.  I ordered a medium rare New York Strip with a warm center and a crisp exterior and my friend tried the salmon.  First was a salad they prepare table side but it lacked flavor.  The steak was a little better but still not the mind blowing experience I was looking for at $50 a steak.  The salmon was also run of the mill.
5	Easily one of the best kept secrets in Las Vegas.  Sure you might be able to find a better steak, but you will never be able to match the price, atmosphere, and quality that you get at Hugo's Cellar.To start, $40-50 a plate might seem pretty expensive and is what you will pay for a steak on the strip, but the price includes a salad, sorbet, starch, vegetables, and chocolate dipped fruit.  Try packing all this in on the strip where everything is al a carte and you'll easily be running around $75+ a plate for the same quality.  To top it all off, the atomsphere at Hugo's is like taking a step back in time into an older, classier Vegas.  From the indulgent menu, to the waitstaff, to the decor of the cellar, it feels like you've taken a step back in time to Old School Frank/Sinatra Rat Pack Vegas.   If you can get over that it's in the Four Queens, this will surely be a place for you.  I've been here every year for the past 6 years on dates, family celebrations, and just for a good meal.  The waitstaff are always the same career waiters, the service is always attentive and friendly, and the food is always incredibly delicous and bountiful.  It's really the only reason I even make a trip to downtown Vegas, but I'm always glad I do.   Come here if you are in the mood for a classy environment, an old school vibe, and a fantastic meal at a great price.  Never a bad meal.
5	So I returned a year later.   Steak is still good.  Salad is still the bomb.  I had the single lobster tail this time.  Perfection. Thanks Hugo's.
5	Was taken to Hugo's for my birthday - what a cool "old Vegas" style place. I would never have know it was there. Ladies get a fresh long stem rose from the host. Service was great, food was awesome. Best sea bass I've had. And the bananas foster flambe made tabel-side was yummy too.
4	This dark cellar with low ceiling makes me think Don Barzini (ref: Godfather) is in there and when I take a photo of my food, he will direct his goons to take my camera.  A busy Friday night required reservations.  The good thing about this place is dinners come with veggies, potatoes and table side salad. I had the lobster bisque as an appetizer with my lamb chops.  The bisque wasn't what I was expecting.  I only had lobster bisque at one other place.  That was William B's in the old defunct Stardust.  That soup rocked and this one was meh in comparison.  Not very much goodies in this smooth and creamy soup.  Maybe this is the way it's supposed to be and William B's did it wrong.  I just liked B's better.  The table side salads were a great touch.  I had the classic ceaser which was one of the best ceasers i've had.  My lamb chops medium rare were a bit tough, but it was still flavorful.  They served it with a gravy that had a hint of habenero that kicked it up a notch.   The rest of my family had the 16 oz prime rib, the roasted chicken, and the beef wellington.  We also had a side of king crab legs to share.  This was plenty of food. I ended up getting half a wellington and more than my share of crab legs.  Needless to say, I didn't have the opportunity to de-bone the lamb chops.   I would have loved to knawl all the good meat next to the bones, but there was too much food  and in Vegas, what happens at the dining table stays at the dining table.  A very big meal and worthy of 4 stars.
5	This is by far the best fine dining in town.  It is reasonably priced for a steak house.  The service is absolutely the best in town.  We go there for every special event.
3	Went here on a Saturday night with a reservation. Thank goodness because the restaurant was packed and very loud. Was expecting an intimate quiet dinner based on reviews but almost had to shout to speak to my husband who was right next to me. The service was very nice and prompt, even for a busy Saturday.   I ordered the jumbo stuffed prawns and my husband ordered the ribeye. Both were overcooked but still very flavorful. Salad was excellent. Chocolate covered fruit (figs, apricots, strawberries) were to die for and included with the price. Good meal but probably wouldn't go back again.
5	Now this is a Hidden Gem! Found in the 4 Queens Hotel & Casino, Downtown Vegas. Take steps down to the Underground Dungeon of a True Throw Back in Time Vegas Mob Style Dining Area.Every Lady that steps foot in here, receives a long stem red rose.. Brownie points already! We didn't have a reservation but we were given a table in literally a minute and the place was filled. The host was a jokester, had a great sense of humor that definitely set a positive vibe and loosened things up.  2 Servers(1 Server & 1 Assistant Server, Not Busser) immediately pulled out our chairs, and greeted us with much enthusiasm! Without wasting time, they poured their own in-house bottled water into our glasses. Within seconds, our bread basket (basic dinner rolls and  lavash) was dropped off with butter that had been intricately sculpted into a rose bud! Menu offered a wide variety and every other entree I grazed at was so appealing. But I was sold on their 21 Day Dry Aged Top Shelf Rib Eye that is char-broiled and served with mushroom ragout and bordelaise sauce.  My girl orders Hugo's Chicken - breast of chicken stuffed with a sun dried tomato pesto and roasted garlic sauce. Both dishes included sides of veggies and mashed potatoes. Not only that, the order also came with their Custom Made Salad and Dessert!!!!! Shortly after, a gentleman with this hunky salad cart rolled over and started to toss the  salad and asked what additions I cared for, about 15 different options! I added, creamy pepper dressing, onions, tomato, egg, artichoke hearts, hearts of palm, parmesan cheese and croutons (they had anchovies and nuts too..). The lettuce, onions, extremely juicy tomato was farm picked fresh, artichoke hearts and hearts of palms added that lucious subtle flavor, egg, parmesan cheese and croutons just complemented each other wonderfully!! This disappeared in minutes.. Then one of the servers handed us over a tiny ice cream cone with a scoop of raspberry sorbet! Nice!About 10 minutes later, the servers came over with our piping hot plates of steak and chicken. The Steak was a chunky piece of meat that had Flawless grill marks checkered throughout. Fork tender and their mushroom/bordelaise aujus makes this Steak Unrivaled by Most Other Rib Eye's I've Ever Had!The chicken had an aroma that filled the air with garlic and sundried tomatoes. As good as it smelled, it tasted even better! The stuffing/sauce flavors were expertly balanced with the chicken. Undeniably recommended!The included sides were small but were a satisfying amount of vegetables, mash potato and pamesan crusted tomato that were all very good.When we were done, the servers boxed our leftovers and bagged them for carry-out.Next came the dessert tray, with an assortment of divine looking Treats.. We passed since we had our Chocoloate Covered/Dipped Strawberries, figs and apricot with their homemade whipped cream to come to the rescue! It came swiftly on this propped up cake stand, exactly what we needed to end the night right! Semi-sweet chocolate, flavorful fruits and fluffy whipped cream equals dessert Greatness!What an Experience! This place has Romance written all over it! Candle-lit dim dining room, Accomodating A+ Service, and Most Importantly this place doesn't Break the Bank! Just be cautious not to crack open too many bottles of Wine!!
5	Hugo's Cellar at the 4-Queens in downtown Vegas is a place you want to bring someone you want to impress. It's an 'old-style' high-backed leather booth sort of steakhouse, where every lady gets a rose before being seated. It's straight out of 'Old Vegas'. In short, they wheel an impressive 'salad cart' to your table with tons of choices, which your waiter will prepare before you, and the Prime Rib and Filet Mignon entrees were top notch too. Oh, and the service is unbelievable also. If you're in Sin City, it would be a sin to pass up Hugo's!
4	Wonderful treat when in Vegas! The rose is a nice touch. The best item on the menu, the table side salad. Unfortunately they made the wrong steak for my husband so we needed to wait a bit. The crab cakes were okay not the best. The salad though..... I want one now just writing about it. Lots of nice little treats through out the dinner. Wish you could get seconds on the salad....
4	While visiting friends who live in North Las Vegas, they took us Downtown to a steakhouse none of us had tried. We were going by reviews on Yelp and on the advice of their son. All the times I've been to Vegas, I would have never considered dinner Downtown, but I was game. We called ahead to find out if we could bring wine, and as long as it wasn't on their list, the corkage was only $10. Walking in to the Four Queens is like going back in time to the days of Old Las Vegas. The smoke filled casino was crowded with cowboys in town for the Rodeo, so all the employees were dressed in western gear.  That is until we walked down the stairs into Hugo's Cellar. Talk about Old School Steakhouses. All the waiters were dressed in tuxedos and the dark space was reminiscent of days gone by.The minute we walked in the room we were greeted by the hostess who handed me and my girlfriend a red rose. Our husbands were already impressed. When we sat at our corner table, they provided us with a vase for our flowers so they stayed fresh. The waiters were all very helpful, friendly and well informed, and the sommelier certainly knew his wines. Surprisingly one of the obsure bottles we brought with us was on their list, so we chose not to pay the exhorbitant corkage for that one. To say their wine list was impressive would be an understatement.  We all ordered steaks, which came with the salad cart and sides. Everything was absolutely delicious. The 3" thick filet mignon was almost tender enough to cut with a fork.  I chose the gorgonzola sauce to go on top, but to be honest the steak didn't need anything to make it better. My suggestion is to skip the sauces and dig right into the prime beef.  We skipped dessert, although their list looked great. However we got chocolate covered strawberries as our final course, which were very tasty.All in all we really enjoyed Hugo's Cellar and would definitely recommend it to anyone taking the time to head Downtown instead of staying on The Strip.
5	Wow!  My fiance and I went here just a couple weeks ago and I was blown away!  First of all the service is amazing!  They are very attentive and accomidating.  The food is a variety  of French and American style cusine with excellent table side service.  I highly recomend the Duck Anise.  It is flamed tables side and served to perfection.  Their cherries  jubeliee is to die for and your dinner will come with table side salad to your liking along with complimentary chocolate strawberries for desert.  I was very impressed with this place and plan to go back again and again. We were able to mee the GM of the restaurant and he was extremely gracious and you can tell he knows his stuff by running such an excellent establishment.  Trust me yelpers you'll love it!
5	One of the BEST steakhouses! It's pricey but its definitely worth it! The red roses they give out will make any woman smile! I make sure to go every time i'm in Vegas. I have cravings for the salad! The palate cleanser is nice too! A wonderful romantic dinner place. Good wine list & great cocktails!
5	Absolutely loved this experience. So fabulously different from the celeb chef eateries that dominate the Vegas culinary landscape. Delicious filet, whether bacon wrapped or in the Wellington. Really good sauces, ask for extra on the side. Tableside salad bar is great old school fun as was the cherries jubilee. Martinis were huge and strong. Service was ridiculously good. Good cheap downtown gambling upstairs a bonus.
3	My wife and I generally go to Hugo's when we're in Las Vegas and have a special occasion to celebrate.  The food is good, and so is the service.  It's a bit overpriced, but we don't go there alot, so we can overlook that in favor of the ambiance and the little things like a rose for the female guests.  We like to go to Fremont Street even though we stay toward the south end of the strip.  Hugo's is worth the trip if your looking for a memorable dining experience.
4	The taste of the food I give 5 stars some of the best I have ever had.  Only issue.....I had to send my wellington back twice.  Over cooked once then under cooked.  I would still go back everything was excellent!!  Pricey but worth it.
4	Yup...like so many others here have said.....this is a great slice of old Las Vegas. From the salad cart to the filet and finishing with the chocolate dipped strawberries, it was a very nice evening indeed. Perfect Valentine's date night with my Sparky:)
5	Amazing food, service and atmosphere! It is the perfect spot for a little romance! The meals are pricey- but it is worth it for what you get! We will without a doubt return here next trip!
5	I have to admit when I heard I was going to down town I did not have high expectations . Well I was quite surprised . You walk down a set of stairs into well what looks like none other then a cellar .  They greet the women with a rose when you get to the hostess . They proceed to walk you to your table and place the rose accordingly to you . I went with 3 people so we all had something different for dinner .My girlfriend and I ordered the fish . It was phenomenal . We paired it with a bottle of wine  , the men had steaks . After dinner we all sat and spoke about how amazing the food was . I must admit I will be going back .
5	What? A Rose for Moi? Why Thank YOU!This place is the only good reason to step inside the 4Queens Hotel & Casino downtown. Might feel a bit sketch walking down a dark hall into the "cellar" but as quickly as you reach the floor from the last step, you are greeted with great smiles and a rose for the females. Make sure you make a reservation before coming in, or you may end up waiting a bit. Luckily, while waiting, you can enjoy yourself to some tasty beverages! The bartender is this cocky but not annoying and sarcastic guy with all the right words and moves to keep you entertained. Once you are seated in, you can definitely tell this is a higher class dinning event. The menu is packed with such good delights! Extremely pricey, but money is no object when you bite into their delicious dishes. One thing that sets this place apart from all the rest is the amount of servers that will be in your service. You have your water guy, then a mixed drink/beverage guy or John the wine guy, who really knows his stuf, and then you have a salad/dessert guy and then your main wait person. If you tell John what kind of wine you enjoy, he will suggest the finest wines for you to taste, which he also wears this cup thing around his neck to taste the wine before he serves it to you to try. These are definitely not your average cheap wine that you can easily buy at the store either. The salad is prepped and made right in front of you with lots of options as to what you wanted in it. After is the hot tasty meal, which never fails to disappoint! I had one of the more popular lobster dish called the Queens Lobster, that apparently is the favorite of the staffs. It was amazing! The portion was too big for me to finish so I had boxed some to eat the next day and it was just as tasty the next day as it was fresh the day before. For desserts you have an option to pick from the menu and from the cart of delectable goodies. I don't remember the name of the desserts we had but I do remember having a show for it. It was some sort of sundae that was flamed and roasted in front of us. It was spectacular!After dinner, you can walk around Freemont and watch the experience. This year, they had a zip line going down from a tall building down the street all the way to the 4queens. It's another way to get the full Freemont experience after being pampered at Hugo's.Oh and make sure you are dressed to impress when you walk into Hugo's Cellar. This is not a casual attire type of place. Hugo's is definitely a MUST when visiting Vegas! I can't wait to go back next year!
3	In my opinion there are much better steakhouses here in Las Vegas, maybe not for the price for quantity aspect, but at least for the quality of their steaks.  I went here on the recommendation of a long time family friend, and I failed to find all the great things he told me about.  The service was fine, but nothing spectacular.  The steak was cooked properly but to me lacked the flavor or of high quality steak.  The salad they make for you at the table was nice, but again, nothing special.  I'll be honest in that I felt that the sides that came with my steak were better and more flavorful than the steak itself.The highlight of the meal tonight was their sommelier, a Mr. John Simmons.  I told him what type of wines I like, what I was having for dinner, and then he suggested a price range and went to find a nice bottle for me and my cousin.  His choice was from a winery in Sonoma, CA that I had never heard of, and the price for the bottle was at the lower end of the suggested range, a pleasant surprise.  He also seemed to have the most personality amongst all the servers waiting on the table.On the whole, if you want a romantic date spot, you can do worse than this place, where they do give roses to all the ladies that come in.  It can be rather intimate, and is quiet enough that you can have a nice conversation without having to shout.  In the end, I seriously doubt I will be coming back here as there are several other steakhouses in Vegas that I prefer.
5	What a delight this place was!Romantic ambiance, tuxedoed waitstaff, and truly wonderful food.I really felt like Hugo's has some special feel of what old Vegas was like.The made to order Salad was followed by a humorously tiny sorbet to clear the pallet before the delicious entree.  I had the Ahi Tuna which was seared to perfection.Dinner was topped of with a rose for each of the ladies at the table, which was a wonderfully elegant touch.Keep in mind that the price is quite high, so be prepared.  I found it to be worth it, and look forward to coming back some day.
5	There is probably no place better known by the locals here in Vegas then the city staple of Hugo's Cellar.  I could write all kinds of information about where, when, what, how to enjoy, find, experience this restaurant.  However, there are plenty of reviews for all that.  So my experience in a nutshell:The traditional rose delivered promptly to my girlfriends' hand by the staff as we were seated.  The nice sommelier that retrieved the PInot Noir we shared as we paired our meat & fish.  A beauty of a seafood sampler or "plateau" arrived in perfect timing.  Wonderful Caesar salad prepared table side to our specifications.  Then the entrees; Veal Chop Natural for me; bone in.  Veal Oscar for the lady.  The food was tremendous, topped with fresh sorbet and Cherries Jubilee table side yet again.Yup, so many words to describe how wonderful Hugo's was.  It's an experience, a little pricy.... However, I believe that in most cases you get what you pay for.  Most of the time as a serial restaurant patron I find myself staring at the check asking myself if the juice was worth the squeeze..... At Hugo's; I had some damn good juice.
4	The Hugo's cellar is a hidden restaurant in the 4 Queens... What a good surprise to find such a place there!The service is good, the staff is friendly.We went there for dinner on a thursday night, and the restaurant was pretty full, with a mix population of tourist, locals and business event.The food is typical american steack house with some added value: the free giant salad (we had the Caesar sauce... there is anchovy flavour in it... We didnt like), and the very famous banana "flambee" made in front of you! Awesome!I recommend this restaurant and 100% sure I will go again!
4	One ofthe last vestiges of Old Las Vegas, Hugo's Cellar is a landmark buried in the midst of a row of unremarkable downtown casinos on Freemont Street. Impeccable fine dining with old school tableside service for all the traditional dishes: artistically composed caeser salads assembled before your eyes to deconstructions of ducks and flambes, the waitstaff attend to every need and whim. Drinks are expertly made as well as an attentive and world class sommelier will help you pair your food with one of 1,000's of bottles ranging from semi- affordable options to "holy crap, my house is worth less" options. Each table gets a team of staff at your disposal, all women recieve roses upon entry of the establishment and they provide light sorbet palette cleansers between courses. The menu is old school american fine dining and all entrees come with a custom salad made tableside with several dressings and easily a dozen different ingredients. Diners also recieve choclate dipped strawberries, apricots and a wonderful homemade whipped creme. The last entree I can recall having there was the Duck L'Orange which was almost a sexual experience. I also suggest the dirty martinis here too, almost a meal in itself and possibly the best mixed drink I've experienced yet. While not cheap, entrees can seem exspensive but keep in mind they come with salads and a light dessert. Add some sides of spinach, potatos and mushrooms for the table and a +/-$100 bottle of wine and 3 drinks came to $300 with tip for two.. The fact that Hugo's has managed to survive in the ever evolving city of Vegas when so many other famously fine dining experiences have closed should serve true testament to its continued dedication to its craft. Instead of blowing a wad of cash in the casino one night, do yourself a favor and try a truly fine dining experience. I guarantee that before the end of the meal you will feel like you've hit the jackpot!P.S.NO this is not a modern food movement restaurant, they dont try to reinvent dishes or interpret them in their own way, and certainly the menu can be called dated and unimaginative. But thats not the point here. This is an old school experience with expected and known dishes served flawlessly. -located in the Four Queens Hotel Casino-free parking validation at the check in counter at in the casino lobby
2	I should have trusted my instincts.  I love the romance of old Vegas and thought we should try dinner downtown one night.  Hugo's Cellar seemed to be the nicest, most highly reviewed place I could find.Looked at the menu while I was home making plans and had my heart set on chateaubriand - just love a good filet with bearnaise no matter what chefs think of the cut - and looked forward to it.Was given a red rose upon entering...not my thing...too cheesy for me but I took it (and left it on the table).After ordering, the salad cart was wheeled over and our salads were created.  Old school salads, nothing frou-frou here and teeney-tiney shrimp.  I made the mistake of filling up on it too much since we were famished upon entering, so much so that I was full when my entree was served. It was okay but nothing like I was hoping it would be.  Portions were large so come hungry.  This was too old-fashioned for me with mediocre food.  I realize I sound like an idiot saying I'm looking for classic Vegas and being picky when it's old-fashioned, but Hugo's Cellar didn't provide the scrumptious meal I was hoping to have.
5	Memorable ambiance, great food and wonderful service! Hard to beat for a spectacular experience!
4	Good thing its so hidden, not many tourists know about this place. It is the best romantic fancy restaurant i have been in so far. The whole place looks like a stone cellar from the old world, very romantic. ALl the ladies recieve a rose from the host and the service is just the best you can get.The price is high.. BUT the food and the atmosphere is well worth it. Make reservations, take your girlfriend or wife here!!
5	Growing up in the Santa Maria/AG area, I love a good steak. Hugo's Cellar is one of the best steak houses I have ever been to! It is in the basement of the old Four Queens casino in downtown Vegas, but do not underestimate the amazing food, service, ambiance, and overall experience you are in for at Hugo's Cellar! The salad is something to behold. They actually bring a cart to your table with about 20 different items and make it fresh for you at the table. The steaks are huge and I recommend always getting the smallest cut. The restaurant is pricey. We go here only for special occasions when in Vegas or if we win big! You can't go wrong with the Prime Rib or the Filet Mignon. I haven't ever tried a fish dish as the steaks are so delicious I can't being myself to try something new.If you want the true old school Vegas experience I highly recommend Hugo's Cellar. Make sure to make reservations well in advance as this is a favorite restaurant with the locals.
5	A little on the cheesy side (a red rose for every lady who walks in the door, rose decor everywhere etc.) but huge portions of great food - salad, palate cleansing gelato and chocolate covered strawberries with every entree.  Would definitely recommend checking it out if you're in old vegas
3	We went to Hugo's Cellar to celebrate my son's graduation from UNLV, this is the 3rd time my wife & I have dined there.  This time I was a bit disappointed, especially with the service.  We were seated in a nice booth in the back and although it was a Sat night, it was not a full house.  The waiter was nice enough, except he only showed up about every 15 minutes.  We waited several times for drink refills and clearing of dirty dishes.  About those drink refills; the sodas that were ordered came in 8 ounce small bottles, at $2 per refill.  It has been forever since I saw a soda bill that was more than the alcohol bill.  The appetizers and salads were good, my steak, however was luke warm.  Overall, I would say a fair experience at best for this visit.
3	Hugo's Cellar and I got off on the wrong foot right away.  We didn't have reservations and were told that there would be a 30 minute wait.  No problem on the wait, but we just wanted some appetizer or something to munch on because my friend is diabetic and he needed to eat something small right away to balance his blood sugar.  I waited patiently as the bartender tended to one waiter after another.  I finally asked him for some cheese and crackers and he totally ignored me.  The hostess knew that I was getting hot and she sat us right away.Now I don't know the intricacies of the food industry.  But apparently, this place does everything the old school way and they do it top notch.  I had to listen to my friend describe how a butter rose was made, how time consuming it was to make a good bordelaise sauce, and how the napkin under the creme brulee was a difficult fold to make.I was still pissed about the bartender ignoring me.  Plus, I question whether or not they got my order correct.  I ordered the rib eye steak medium rare.  There wasn't much marbling on the steak and it looked and tasted more like the NY strip.Value-wise, this place is fantastic.  Most other nice restaurants would have all the dishes a-la-cart.
5	Top of the line!Talk about a throw-back in time, this is the place!  It's located in the cellar of the Four Queens Casino in downtown Las Vegas near the Fremont Experience.  I felt like I was stepping back in time when I walked in.  There's even an old school smell that accompanies the place, one of those nostalgic smells of another place and time.The atmosphere is quite romantic, as the lights are perfectly staged for an evening of fun.  =0)  Every couple is given a long stem red rose for their significant other.  I found that to be a rather charming touch.  The wine is absolutely delicious and they have their very own wine connoisseur who delights in telling you a story or two about his wine experience working at Hugo's over the years.  He's quite personable.  ;0)  He promised he'd help finish the bottle of wine off if we had any problems with it.  =0)  The martini's are to die for as well!  I had one that seemed like 2 and a half....wow---is all I have to say about that.  The food is absolutely delicious and the service was superb!  Before I kick in to detail about how wonderful the food was, let me say that every entree comes with seasoned vegetables and baby red potatoes, a fresh salad, fresh bread, sorbet and chocolate dipped fruit.  I kid you not...really.  =0)  So, carrying on---We had the Fabulous Michael as our marvelous server and he was SUPERB, with an in-depth knowledge on all of the meals offered.  I opted for the awesome Salmon and my pal opted for the Chilean Sea Bass.  They were both EXCELLENT!!!!  Prior to the dinner coming over they have a huge salad cart that comes around and you can select exactly what you want on your salad.  I was pretty full just from the salad.  =0)  But, I pressed on and ate a little bit of everything.   Well, we were quite full, but the Banana Fosters looked like such an awesome presentation that we decided to order that just for the experience.  =))The experience is quite unique and I recommend giving it a try!  You must!!  You will be quite delighted, I promise you.Yvette L. Brownstone from Ventura, CA
5	The service was exceptional, the food was really good, and although the prices were high the dishes came with salad, sorbet, small sides, and petit fours.  I'm off beer at the moment but they had hinted at a fairly interesting beer list.  I am a big fan, and ever-so-shocked to find this kind of quality in a downtown casino restaurant.The rose for my lady was a nice touch!  The ceiling was low and the atmosphere felt cozy, but I didn't find the place felt too crowded or cramped.  It was packed, but not too loud.  We got lucky with the reservations on a weeknight, but I recommend making a reservation in advance for weekends.So glad I looked on Yelp to find dinner last night! :)
4	LOVED this place, felt like Sammy, Frank and Dean might be sitting at a table next to us! Service was 5 star. You MUST order a martini at your table!Salad cart was fun and yummy.. mean was perfect, at our table we had lamb, seafood and steak...all were amazing!!  Desserts... YUMMMIEST! It was nice to have a GREAT meal unlinke on the strip where some places you pay insane money for so-so food.. go here, so worth it!
5	This is definitely a place to go for a romantic date or to celebrate a special occasion. The instant you walk down the steps the atmosphere and ambiance changes to elegance and peacefulness. The amazing service starts with the hostess and continues all the way through the end of the meal. The waiter and his team are extremely attentive to everything that's happening at your table. The rose that you get is pretty much a perfect rose, long stemmed, bloomed, flawless color, and smells great. The dishes are a bit pricey but I want to say they give you a story along with the food. Everything that comes out is perfectly timed during the course of your meal and is done to enhance the food. I would say this place gives you more than a meal, you also get an uniquely memorable experience.The banana's fosters was so good! and they make it fresh in front of you. I would recommend saving room for this! I had the beef wellington, even though it's my second time having it, it was pretty amazing. I ordered a straight up Caesar's salad, I don't know what it was...but I couldn't stop eating it even though I got a little extra. Maybe it was the freshness of everything, the dressing, or the crispy croutons I just couldn't stop eating it. For appetizers, we had crab cakes and the hot rocks. You can taste the freshness in the crab cakes from the first bite and gets even better with the sauce. If you happen to go into Hugo's after someone orders the hot rocks, you'll want to order it too. It smells delicious and it fills up the whole restaurant. It's perfect for a date and adds to that experience.
5	We must go to Hugo's everytime we come to Vegas. I just love it there. The food is ALWAYS amazing. The salad cart is the best part of the meal. My filet could be cut with a butter knife. The chocolate covered fruit and kona coffee at the end are a great way to end the night. The food is spendy but so worth it! Go to Hugo's! You will love it!
2	I hate to be like this, but Hugo's Cellar was kind of a disappointment.  After all the amazing reviews, we thought it would be a nice, romantic place to eat.  It  was nice and romantic.  The food...well... Lobster bisque was very good.  Then it went downhill.  I ordered my meat medium,  and my husband ordered his rare.  Mine came back extremely rare, while his was literally cold.  Both dishes were sent back. They gave me a whole new steak, which was again, very rare. And instead of truly heating up my husband's steak, they simply placed the entire plate back under the heat lamp. So the plate came back hot, while the steak was still cold.  Just very disappointing for a place that is supposed to specialize in this kind of thing.My husband did not want to make a big deal, so he just didn't eat the dish and asked for them not to charge us.  They didn't...so to speak.  They ended up charging us 15 dollars for the salad he ate beforehand.  Come on.  15 dollars.  Atmosphere was great.  Steak- no way.  Two dishes screwed up? I'd rather not take the chance to try again and just go somehwere tried and true.
4	This is definitely a solid 4, the food was very good, and the service just the right amount without being overbearing.  My only concern is the table salad service.  Yes it is nice to have a salad made at your table with your choice of fixings and dressings, but unfortunately that also limits your selection.  For example, they only have three types of dressing, I would prefer that  a nice generic salad be made in the kitchen where they could have serveral type of dressing available.
5	Dine at Hugo's Cellar only if you are looking for the QUINTESSENTIAL Las Vegas experience!
4	Im a fan of Hugos Cellar.. it didn't blow me away, but the service was great and the food was good. Were it based on service it would be 4-4.5 stars easily. The occasion was for a birthday dinner, and we had a few drinks, followed by more drinks.. so that helps here with this review :) In addition I am a fan of "Beef Wellington" and they had a serving of 'Individual Beef Wellington' on the menu. That was actually what solidified my choice to check it out for the big dinner. It was myself and a couple of friends, which seemed about right.. but I have to say that it is a very intimate setting.. so it would be very well suited for a date or a couple having a date. Nonetheless, it's worth checking out if you are a group of friends that likes quality food. The restaurant itself is in a lower level of the "Four Queens" Casino... The casino itself may be a bit long in the tooth and has some serious smoking areas still allowed, so be wary of that if you are sensitive to smoke.. because there is A LOT of it. Down below where the restaurant is located, its dimly lit, old-school style and comfortable feeling. Above where the casino is, its a bit dank, old and crappy.. lol. A friend compared it to snorkeling - in that it looks beautiful when you are down below, and when you raise your head above water, its a little less than exciting.. in fact a dump.. haha. Anyhow.. our waiter was awesome in relaying the specials. They create a custom salad for you table side then serve your items as ordered, and the meal is followed up by fruits dipped on white chocolate. It was nice, but I could have doe without dried apricots dipped in chalky white chocolate... I just didnt eat it. I opted for a coffee desert drink as I was getting drunk and needed caffeine :] So give it a try if you like something with a bit more style. be prepared to drop a few bucks, but make a night of it and head downtown after for some drinks and people watching.
5	Eat anything from menu and you will love it!Best food & service ever!!!!!!!!!!!Okay so let me just start off by saying if you like going to fufu restaurants because they are the "it" restaurant at the moment...or maybe hip because celebrities are going to them (like BOA) then this isn't the restaurant for you. It is not hip and trendy in any sense of the word, more like on the dated side which makes it in my eyes old school Vegas and on the hipster side.So anyways...ambiance aside. It still is a great place for a date. They hand each woman a rose at entry..little cheesy but I like it :). Like I said the restaurant is a little retro , if you go on their website even the one picture they have up is dated. Don't let that stop you from going to Downtown Vegas though. The food is nothing short of amazing,You can have a five course meal here if you choose but with any entree they start you off with a salad. They waiter will pull of salad cart and have you personally choose what you want/don't want in your custom salad...and get this, if you don't like salad dressing options they can create one for you. Love it!!!!!!!! After you custom made salad you get a lemon/ lime sorbet in a tiny ice cream cone to cleanse the pallet.  After that your food (great portions not too small or too much) and anything you order will be DE-LISH. As if that were not enough they bring you a platter of assorted chocolate dipped fruit & dried fruit with their very own in house made TO DIE FOR whip cream. I am not a whip cream fan at all and the whip cream they served was beyond beyond words. By the end of that you really won't have much room for dessert but if you do they are good as well. I've had the creme brulee and its silky and yummy.The service is top notch, food is great...if you go make sure you make reservations. I've been there a bunch of times and the earlier you go the better...when there are big parties there they don't manage as well. It is a hidden gem that mostly on locals know about so I am so glad I found out about it.  I have had thoughts of just flying out to Vegas just for dinner there, that's how much I heart this place.If you go, enjoy!
4	During a recent trip to Vegas, I suprised my wife with dinner at Hugo's Cellar in Vegas. She and I both loved it.  If you want to score points on a romantic date, this is the place to go for dinner.It's located in Downtown Las Vegas, at the 4 Queens. When we walked downstairs, they greeted us and then gave my wife a fresh red rose. We were seated and immediately were offered service. I've had the opportunity to dine at many establishments around the country and few can match the service we had at Hugo's. The customer service we received was excellent. My wife had the New York Strip and I had the Rack of Lamb. The steak was good and the lamb was EXCELLENT. Both dishes came with salad (prepared table-side) , asparagus and garlic whipped potatoes. For desert, they brought us chocolate covered fruit and a wonderful blackberry/rasberry cheese cake.Excellent experience overall. I would love to come back. The only thing I wished they had here was a dress-code. The decor is a little old-fashioned but, then again, we didn't go for the decor. Visited April 2011
4	Table side salad and table side coffee is my fav!!
5	Hugo's is my absolute favorite restaurant! It's classic, old-school, fine-dining at accessible prices. The whole restaurant is very dark and romantic, with ladies being given a rose upon entrance (they put the roses at your table, and then wrap them for you to take when you leave).Larger parties have multiple teams of servers helping them, and a competant sommalier makes rounds, helping guests select the perfect wine pairings. Every entree comes with the signature Hugo's salad -- where they literally bring a salad bar to your table and make each salad to the specific diner's request. You can load up on pine nuts, artichokes, hearts of palm, shrimp, hard-boiled egg, parmesan cheese, anchovies, etc. -- it's all up to the diner.After the salad course, delicious sorbet is served in mini cones as a delightful palate-cleanser.Then the sumtious main course never disappoints - I'm a big fan of the Hugo Chicken - it's well-priced and yummy!Every dinner is topped off with a selection of fruits dipped in chocolate and served with real whipped cream. In addition, you can select a tasty treat from the dessert tray, or pick on of their specialty flambe desserts. This time we opted for the flambe route - choosing the Bananas Foster. BEST. BANANAS. EVER!The staff is so lovely - they really know the meaning of customer service. You leave Hugo's full, happy, satisfied, and with a lovely rose. You also get to take some amazing pictures in Downtown Las Vegas -- it's a seedy place, but those lights make for some killer photo ops. Also, if you're feeling seedy, you can stick around the Four Queens Hotel for some $5 blackjack on a Saturday night. I had lost $100 on the Strip, made it back and then some Downtown. Honestly, I've gone to other high-end restaurants and didn't leave nearly as satisfied as I did leaving Hugo's -- which is why I've been back again and again. Don't be fooled by the big names - Hugo's is the place to be!
4	Very good steakhouse, borderline excellent. The rose the lady gets when you walk in the door is a nice touch. The salad they toss at the table is very good I couldn't go 5 stars though. It just isn't as good as Austins (the best kept steakhouse in all of vegas) Still, if your downtown, this is the place to go without question!
3	We tried Hugo's for the first time on Saturday.  The ambiance is great.  Low ceilings and very friendly and attentive staff.  It was what we expected from a place that is often described as "old Vegas."We got the crab cakes and lobster bisque to start.  Loved the cakes, the bisque was not as big of a hit.  The famous salad cart came next.  The ingredients were good, but not great.  I will say the bleu cheese is of excellent quality.  A good, solid salad.I ordered the ribeye and my wife got the filet with a bleu cheese topping.  I was surprised by the quality of the ribeye.  Not much marbling and just not a great cut.  My wife's filet on the other hand was fantastic.  The crust was excellent as well.  This steak was superb.  The garlic mashed on the side were also excellent.The wine list is reasonable but not extensive.  Overall, it was the experience we hoped for.  You can get better food at a lot of places in town, but it was a wonderful night.
5	I am not a fan of Las Vegas, but my sister lives there and my husband has to attend shows at the Convention Center.  We live in Los Angeles where there are many good  restaurants.  But, in Las Vegas there is only one restaurant that we have to go too.  That is Hugo's, away from the maddening crowd, you don't even feel like you are in Las Vegas.  My husband always takes his associates there and they are always surprised at how wonderful Hugo's is.  Do yourself a favor next time you are in Las Vegas, get off the Strip and enjoy the wonderful atmosphere of Hugo's.eca
5	Wow! Wow! to the service.  Wow! to the food.  Wow! to the ambiance.  Wow! to the prices.  Walking through "Freakmont" Street, pass through the smoke filled casino of the four queens hotel and descend into another world.The staff of Hugos remember days gone past and bring them alive in the dining experience.  From the personal attention of the wait team to the very knowledgeable, yet un-pretentious sommelier, this was just an amazing meal.  Your meal includes (not a small) salad, a very generous entree, vegies and starch.  The food was the best we'd had the entire trip and then some.  The table prepared salad set the stage.  The final coffee service with whipped cream and chocolate sticks put the perfect cap on it.  By no means a "cheap" meal, dinner for six of us at Hugos was expensive...but worth it. We left completely stuffed, with five doggie bags, and very dumb smiles on our faces.ps.  Like the Coq D'or room at the Drake in Chicago, they know how to make a martini...and small it is not.  :)
5	This is the restaurant I HIGHLY encourage everyone to try while in Vegas! One of Vegas' best kept secrets... Located in the basement of the 4Queens on Freemont Street-- it is one of the most romatic restaurant settings around!This old-scool vegas decorated restaurant is dim and romantic--every lady receives a long stem red rose when escorted to their table. The service is unbeatable! The waiters are all very professional and highly educated when it comes to their menu and wine selections! The food is out of this world! Steak, seafood, and poultry options are all fantastic--I have never had a bad meal at Hugo's! With the purchase of an entree you will receive the table side salad and dessert tray! if you ask for it! :) Be expecting to pay out some $$$--but hey, it's a night in Vegas & you can't find this just anywhere!!!
5	Hugo's is an exceptional place to go & eat, & relax. It is old Las Vegas. A place where adults can get away. The food is great, as is the service. Everything about Hugo's is wonderful.
4	I have been going to Hugo's my whole life and it is classic Vegas. I just went for the first time in a few years because the quality was declining. However I was overly impressed when I went 2 weeks ago. The lamb was top notch and is the best in town and priced very fairly for Vegas. The service is always good and they make you feel welcome. I eat at all the good restaurants in town and hugos is one if the best especially for the price.
5	This place is my first recommendation to anyone going to Vegas.When you enter this brick-walled, red leather boothed dining area, you can instantly picture the place filled with the man's men of Vegas' glory days. Just imagine Sinatra and the rest of the rat pack eating in a booth facing the mobsters who ran the town, and you have Hugo's Cellar. The steaks are great (and reasonably priced, considering), but its the service that really shines here. Order a martini, and they will bring the drink cart to your table and make one as big as your head right there. People often avoid Fremont or can't find this place in the 4 Queens, but it's absolutely worth it.
1	This place reminds me of a bad 70's movie.  You'll pay as much here for a mediocre meal as you would at the Wynn for a great meal.   The restaurant has cheesy fake floral arrangements covered in dust greeting you at every table.  The waiters were a bit slow, but earned points for trying really hard to impress you with their knowledge.  The salad cart that so many people mention is about as gimmicky as unlimited salad and breadsticks at the Olive garden. My sister and I almost walked out, but like the ending of a bad movie, wanted to see what might possibly come next.  I seriously question the credibility of all the 5 star reviewers on this list.
3	Ooo-Weee, this place is FANCY.  Make you wanna wear a really pretty dress and get all dolled up fancy.  Who knew a place like this existed in Downtown Las Vegas.  Well, apparently this chick knows now.I came for a friend of my cousin's birthday.  At first glimpse, this place seems a bit cramped.  True to it's name (cellar), you go down stairs to get to this little place.  The lobby area is a bit small, so if it gets crowded, it may only  be standing room only.  Once we were seated, each girl was brought to the table and given a long stemmed red rose.  I know, cheesy ... but it was cute nonetheless.They have a great selection of seafood and meat.  First course was salad.  Their salad was delicious, and I probably could have just made the salad my whole meal.  Not a side salad.  This baby takes up your whole plate, and comes with all the fixings.  Of course, you get to pick which fixings you want on it.  I also had some of their bread.  I especially enjoyed the lavosh.  It was crispy and flaky, and something different from the ordinary bread given at restaurants, although that was served as well.After much deliberation, I chose the filet mignon. Very tender, juicy, and well cooked (medium rare, just the way I like it).  I was pleased with my choice.  I also got to try the Escargot en Croute.  It was my first time tasting escargot, so I really don't have anything to compare it to.  However, I know I liked it, and will be willing to have it again.If you're in the mood to be fancy, hit this place up.  However, it is definitely on the pricey side.  For me, great to try once on my dime, but I hope next time it'll be on someone else's.
3	Aaaah, Hugo's Cellar, I WANT to give you more stars, but I really just CAN'T.I went here for my birthday last night.  I am not sure whether it is all the tourists in town for the holidays or what . . . but I was probably the most overdressed person in the restaurant - aside from the servers.  We had reservations for 6:30 and were seated immediately.  We ordered escargot for an appetizer, and it was really nice.  It boded well for the meal to come, that's for sure.The tableside salad - lackluster at best.  The whole thing felt a little uninspired, and it definitely wasn't "the best" salad I've ever tasted.  Iceburg lettuce, mushrooms, pine nuts, tomatoes, artichokes, blue cheese ... eh, it was ok.  The sommelier seemed to really know his stuff.  We took his recommendation, and he wasn't wrong about that.I ordered the beef wellington - medium rare.  It came out medium.  The sommelier advised us that it was, in fact, medium, but that it would take another 20 minutes to get another one .... so I ate half of my medium wellington.We were never actually offered dessert.  Too bad, because my husband really wanted to try the bananas foster.  We were, however, able to order some cappuccinos, and those did not disappoint.It took a long time to clear off the tables between courses.  I'm not sure if that was because the place was busy ... or not.  Also, my water went unfilled for a long time; I eventually had to ask the server for more water.  These small oversights do not a first class restaurant make.All in all, I will go back again, just to see if my experience was an off night.
4	This a very nice restaurant in downtown. I had dinner the day after dinning at Eiffel restaurant. It does not have a view but has everything else you may look in a nice restaurant. It feels very intimate and dinner was delicious. The cocktails are probably the best I had in Vegas and Dean the bartender is awesome. We met a couple at the bar that has been coming to this place for the past 6 years or so. That tells you a lot about a place. Do yourself a big favor and visit this restaurant, may be your best dinner in Las Vegas.
5	Wow. One of the best restaurants I've been to.  I had a recommendation from a few people about this little known restaurant in old las vegas and they were right. I forget our servers name but he was excellent. We both had mixed drinks. Nicely made. Loved the table side salad.My girl ordered the stuffed shrimp.  Excellent flavor.  I had the fillet wrapped in bacon w/ crab and Bearnaise sauce.  Wow... the meat was cooked perfectly, juicy, and super tender.  After every meal/restaurant my girlfriend and i review the eatery and both of us found nothing negative to say.  We give an A+
3	If you like Old Vegas and want to feel your one of the Rat pack then this place is for you. If your looking for good food, well I would look somewhere else. This is a old school restaurant and everything seems old about it, including the menu. Nice place to bring a girl or wife as they will hand out a rose to the ladies. Our group was all guys so no flowers for us. Everyone starts with the salad cart but I would rather have a fresh Caesar table side. I also ordered the very pricey seafood trio and was not a fan. Memo to chef, when customer pays that much money the ratio of rice to fish should not be three to one. Food was bland and needed some life. Sommelier was entertaining and it was the first time I seen a separate tip section for him on the check. Wine list was good and price for wine was reasonable. Clean up the menu and this might bring it back to the old school greatest it once had.
4	In a city known for overpriced mediocre food, Hugo's Cellar is most definitely a refreshing notch above the rest. Where do I start? Think close booths with pretty light fixtures, dim lighting, people's heads huddled together, soft whispers. It's that kind of place. You want to come with a significant other and have long three hour dinners. First, it's away from the Strip and somewhat hidden as a basement restaurant (converted from a wine cellar from back in the days) so you automatically feel a little special. The service is impeccable - old school charm meets modern dining, like free salad (!) and a complementary light sorbet afterwards to cleanse your palette. Most memorable attribute? Guys - they give a long stem red rose to EVERY female patron, saving you the need to buy her flowers yet giving you all the perks of a romantic evening! How much better does it get??
5	This is one of the finest, most romantic places to go with your significant other. To say that the service is attentive is a gross understatement. The food is always delicious, and I love the martinis served in an iced-down beaker. They also have an extensive wine list, and a knowledgable sommelier.Every lady gets a rose, which is a nice touch.
4	I've eaten at Hugo's at least 10 times and it's one of my favorite places to eat downtown.Now I normally like a restaurant to be modern, open, airy and with lots of light.  Well Hugo's is the complete opposite of that!  However in this case I just love the old school Vegas feel of the joint.  Low ceilings, brink walls, dim lights...don't care...love it!Food is really good, not "Celebrity chef" great.  I am always comped so value is hard to put a finger on.  All meals come with a made at table salad and with sides included, plus a small dessert at the end.  The size of the meals means that starters or extra desserts are really not needed.  So for $35 to $50 you really get a complete meal.  Based on that I would say value was good.LOVE the prime rib, bone in strip, rack of lamb and King crab legs.  Other seafood dishes are solid if a little under whelming, all the steaks are prime and it shows.  Made to order salad is great and a mini meal in itself.Special shout out to the Sommelier from England who is just so friendly and very funny.  Tell him what you like and he will find a great bottle for you.  He always has a bottle of Kim Crawford out that back for us.  Love it!
3	Just average. Great ambiance but the food is nothing spectacular. Went on a Sunday night with my wife.  Dress is somewhat nice but not super dressy. Had the Hugos prime rib - fyi medium rare means super pink. Probably could get a better steak elsewhere.  Only reason I give 3 stars is due to the excellent service.
5	This place has never done me wrong.  Form the moment you walk in it's magic.  I know a few other reviewers have mentioned it and yes it really is a romantic place.  From the flowers for the ladies, to the flintstone size prime rib, and the chocolate covered fruits this place was made to help you get laid.
4	My wife and I recently spent our 20th anniversary in Las Vegas and decided to try Hugo's on the recommendation of a buddy who comes to Vegas a lot.We ordered single malt scotch and wine to drink respectively and were impressed how generous they were with the drinks.  The house Cab was just average, but they brought me a HIGHBALL full of Macallan for the single shot price, which was nice.We both ordered the salad cart, which was awesome.  The dressings were not too heavy and the selection of veggies to compose your salad from was outstanding.  For dinner, I ordered the 16 ounce NY Strip med rare with the blue cheese creme topping.  The wife got Hugos chicken and we both got special vegetables.  A few cool things about Hugos - First the setting is great, quaint little brick basement with low ceilings and a 70s feel - they bring you sorbet between courses to cleanse the palate.  When we told them it was our anniversary, they brought us a little Luxor-shaped mousse with a candle.  Very cool.  Also, as has been mentioned many times, every lady gets a single rose.  My wife was so tickled by it she brought it home to Denver on the plane.So, in summary,  good food and fun ambiance.  Go do it once if you want good food on Fremont.
5	Don't let the location of Old Las Vegas fool you, this place rocks!  On arrival, I was given a rose. It is a very romatic setting and the decor is old school Vegas, which I love. The drinks were stiff and service was great! Victor rolled the salad cart over and prepared a custom salad, which I was sad I had to stop eating so I wouldnt be full for the main course. The entrees were of generous porportions. My honey's piece of delicous salmon was huge! At the end of the meal, they brought complimentary chocolate dipped strawberries and other fruit with whipped cream. As I was sitting there, I was already planning the next special occassion/excuse so we can enjoy an awesome meal there.
5	Just went back for the second time!  And i'm so glad I went back.We were a little early for our reservation so we went outside and had a drink and walked around for a few minutes.  Then we came back in and our table still wasn't ready, so we sat at the bar.  We ordered a shot of jack and a shot of johnny black.  The shots were in rocks glasses and were almost filled up.  for $7 each? like seriously? no complaints here!  So needless to say, b4 we even sat at the table, we had a small buzz.We were led to the table with the rose, and of course I got such a great feeling and knew the dinner would be perfect.  The wine sommelier was humorous and knowledgeable.  I think we ordered a bottle of merlot, but i could be wrong! LOL (damn those "shots")Most of dinner was a blur...Of course, the salad was great! (one of my favorite parts of the meal) and I remember having the sea scallops for my main meal and I remember the portion being huge and really good.  He had the veal and loved it too.  Of course, the chocolate covered strawberries and apricot w/ the homemade whipped cream topped off a great dining experience, once again. :)LOVE THIS PLACE~
5	We dined at Hugo's Cellar to celebrate my husband's 40th birthday.  We had a great meal...the absolute highlight of which was the salad service.  I believe the waiter's name was Victor (?) and he MADE the evening.  Asking each person what salad ingredients they wanted in a fun, group participation way made the meal so much fun.  The atmosphere was great, the all inclusive meal was good...but it was that waiter serving our party of 9 that made this memorable and the reason we will go back.
2	Heard great thing about this place, so we decided to book this place for a birthday dinner. When everything were done, we wished that we shouldn't gave gone to it in the first place. Even though the service and atmosphere were great, the food was so disappointing, especially at about 50 bucks each for the main entree.The rack of lamb was under seared, under cooked, and under seasoned. The result was a very gaming smell dish which I couldn't even finish. Well, the upside was the mash potato that came with the lamb was good ... LOLMy friend's fish entree was average and nothing special, which I wouldn't have b***** about it if it didn't cost 49 bucks for it.Maybe it was a bad night for them, but these kinda of food quality probably won't get my second visit.
4	I have been to Hugo's four times. This is one of the best secrets in Las Vegas just wish it was on the main strip. If you ever wanted 5 star service this is the place. I have only had a couple issues with food but for the most part they are aces in my book. I love the table side salad preparation but be sure to stay away from the pine nuts. Love the roses and chocolates. Be sure to make a reservation and always come here on a winning night.
5	I have been going here first with my Mom and Dad since I was sixteen. Now as an old Married women (yes this place has been here this long) I am still so amazed of the experiance of this meal. I can still hear my Dad say there is eating and there is dining and this is dining! I also love that like all the other top resturaunts have were you by your entree but if you want a salad and a side you have to pay extra for both. Not here you pay for your entree and you get the salad cart, the palate cleansing sherbert , your entree and side and then even chocolate dip fruit. It is the best deal in Vegas!
5	I dined at Hugo's almost 5 years ago for my first wedding anniversary and I have been wanting to go back ever since!  They treat you like royalty, handing you a long stemmed rose when you are seated.  The ambiance is great, and the servers are welcoming and attentive.  I had a bacon wrapped shrimp entree and my husband had a steak.  Both of us were very pleased with our meals and were blown away by the salad cart, which was fantastic with many choices.  The only set back was when I ordered an appetizer of lobster bisque and ended up not liking it at all, which could just be my palate.  The covered fruit tray at the end was perfect.  Definitely a re-visit kind of place!!!
4	I went back a second time and they have changed the way they make the Wellington.  It now only comes one way you cannot order it medium well or any other way.  Just thought it was funny after my initial review.  Still very good though!
5	Great place to spend a few hours at, so more of a dining experience. Kind of out of place downtown, but still a great atmosphere away from the downtown chaos.Dinners range from 40 to 60 bucks but that is misleading because you get a Huge table side salad where you pick the toppings + bread + 2 sides + sorbet to cleanse your palate + dessert sampler = Great bang for your buck.Recommend hitting the mob museum for a few hours then dinner here for another few hours and you have a whole night of entertainment!
5	Yes, it's expensive.  But, for the meal, everything is included, and it's just such a lovely experience.  The wine somalier is not too snooty, and everyone we encountered was very nice, accommodating and pleasant.  From the second you walk in and are handed a rose, to the moment you finish that last chocolate covered strawberry or fig, you are treated to an experience!!  Tables are cleared promptly, including crumbs so that you don't have to worry about dropping a piece of lettuce and it sitting there the entire time lol.  Thanks Hugos! Another lovely time.
3	We love the atmosphere at Hugo's. 5 stars for atmosphere but based on the last 2 times here the food does not rate as high. Table side salad is great, lobster bisque excellent. But the steak my wife had was not great.  I had a seafood trio consisting of shrimp, sea bass and crab cake. Just ok. If I can convince my wife Richella I will try again sometime. Love the place for the atmosphere and service!
3	Old school vegas restaurant, favored by the locals.  Solid place, but there are probably better places, especially these days, if you're from out-of-town.
4	Even though this place is downtown, an area I usually don't visit, this restaurant is a good one. The things like the rose upon arrival, the salad cart and the deserts that all come at no extra cost are very nice touches. The martinis essentially come as 2 martinis, and the escargot was also very good. The food our party of 6 ordered was all very good. If you find yourself downtown, I'd recomend this place!
4	I was so surprised, I live in Las Vegas 9 years and I never ate in any restaurant at Fremont st, The rib eye steak was amazing and so was the Oscar medallions made from Beef angus.The atmosphere was great and professionalThumbs up!!! Big time
5	Being that we've visited Las Vegas many times, this time we wanted to stay downtown for the entire weekend and we were able to do just that.  Spent our 4th anniversary downtown and were recommended to try Hugo's.  Great ambiance, wonderful waitstaff and great food.  For appetizers, we did the hot-stone ap. that cooks the meat right at your table - amazing.  Salad cart was wonderful and I had the veal and my husband a rib-eye.  All excellent choices.  Can't wait to go back!
5	Hugo's Cellar deserves a "10" for both service and food (Hugo's chicken and sea bass).  We celebrated our 20th anniversary there, and everyone was very welcoming and professional.  We loved the vintage decor.  The sommelier was right on target, and did not attempt to oversell us in any way.  The garlic mashed potatoes were heavenly.  Can't wait to return for my birthday celebration, and I wouldn't even consider going anywhere else for a special occasion.
5	Hugo's is just top notch. They give all ladies who enter a rose and the butter is even rose shaped. The best for me is the table-side salad. I mean this is the best salad I have ever eaten and soooo fresh.I recommend this place for any type of romantic dinner. Great place for prom dates, anniversaries and so on.I do recommend wearing nice attire as the place is very upscale.Also, average of about $50-60 a person but worth it!
4	This restaurant located below the first floor at the Four Queens is kinda pricy , but worth it , especially if you hit a jackpot, or even if you don't....the meals are 5 course...I had the Ribeye and  Shrimp Cocktail, (appetizer), Hugo's Table-Side Salad, and the Bananas Foster...all meals are started with Sherbet to get those taste buds going....and after you eat, you can hit that slot machine again....
5	I just had a birthday dinner here, and it was great!  A few friends had recommended Hugo's to me over the years...but I was resistant to the idea of even eating in the Four Queens hotel.  While parking is a bad joke downtown, flip-flop-clad low rent tourists are coming out of the woodwork and it is very crowded on the weekend...I actually think the trip to Hugo's was totally worth it.The aged meat was FANTASTIC!  I had the filet (10oz) and it was accompanied by a couple of nice sides and included a salad prepared from their tableside cart.  This place has a great old-school vibe, not unlike the Golden Steer.The service was truly outstanding, with someone always there to cater to our every need.Considering that I live in Henderson, it was a fair drive to downtown...but I'd go back!  The atmosphere there _really is_ a cellar and it has great ambient lighting.Every woman gets a long stem rose upon being seated...nice touch.
5	We celebrated our anniversary at Hugo's Cellar last night and the experience was as good as it gets.  We got there 30 minutes early to have a glass of wine (the house wine is Franciscan) and enjoy the complimentary pate and nuts at the bar.The table-side salad is the best - I'm probably the only girl on earth who loves anchovies - and they have toppings like bay shrimp, blue cheese crumbles, and hearts of palm.  The honey walnut dressing complements the salad.My hubby and I split one of the chicken dishes, wasn't in the mood for steak, and were pretty full so we took the rest to go.  The best part of the dinner are the complimentary chocolate covered strawberries and dried fruit they give you - the staff was kind enough to make it to go for us. Overall - definitely worth the $$
5	My husband and I found Hugo's Cellar thanks to yelp.  We were very hungry and walked in with no reservations.  We had a 15 minute wait and it was well worth it.  The prices were high but we were ready to pay for the experience.  All meals included bottle water, a delicious salad make table side, and chocolate covered strawberries.  Chocolate covered dates and apricots were also offered but we were not interested.My husband had the 10 oz filet and it was cooked to perfection.  I had the beef wellington, which I have always wanted to try.  Both dishes were amazing and both steaks seemed much bigger than 10 oz.  I've tried and tried to find a problem with the meal.  Maybe too much salad dressing?  The meal was amazing and we cannot wait to get back to Vegas to eat here again.
4	Every lady gets a rose. This place is old school and still good. Been here many times throughout the years. Decent place to talk and have conversation. Dinner will run you around $50 and includes salad, side, and the always memorable chocolate strawberry touch at the end. I ordered the Veal Chop and portion was perfect and decent tasting. We also had the 10oz filet cooked to perfection. Good wine list with plenty to pick from. Special thanks to Jon for selecting a good wine out of the back. Worthy after all these years.
5	After a day of gambling, I had some extra money, thanks vegas, and I really wanted a good steak.  We were not dressed up, but I check with the hostess and they were totally cool t-shirts.  The service was amazing.  No one judged us because we weren't dress up.  The steaks were the highest quality and perfectly cooked. All the severs were so cool.  Totally worth the money!
4	hidden Las Vegas gem... wonderful menu, top notch service, and low prices to boot... I love this place
3	I like this place for nestalgic reasons.  The food is ok.  The service is good.  The ambiance is fun.  It's a little dated but that's ok.  Don't expect nuevo cusine.  Steaks, seafood, a salad cart and waiters in black tuxes.  The sorbet in a mini cone cracks me up everytime.
4	This restaurant is absolutely fabulous for many reasons. Although, I'll give 4 of 5 stars because there were a few opportunities for improvement too. Starting with the good - my husband and I went there for our 5 year anniversary and it was a special night for us also because this was where we got engaged. We were seated right away and were pleasantly surprised to see that we had the same waiter and sommelier as we had at our last visit, nearly 6 years ago. Service was great, food was equally great. The table side salad preparation is unique and interesting. I had the raspberry chicken as my entree and it was delicious. For dessert, we had the complimentary chocolate covered strawberries, figs and apricots (yum!) and then we were surprised with another dessert, with "congratulations" written in raspberry sauce on the plate. Finally, our waiter was preparing bananas foster at a nearby table and asked if I had ever had it before. I haven't, so of course, he surprised us again with a small portion of that dessert too. I was incredibly full and certainly shouldn't make any habits of indulging in three desserts in one night but it was a great gesture and of course another ridiculously tasty treat too good to pass up.Now, for the suggested areas of improvement  - when making our reservation, my husband specified in the notes that it was a special night because of our anniversary and engagement, so, for a restaurant of this caliber, you'd expect the hostess, who has access to these notes, to welcome you back and congratulate you on your special day. Instead, the hostess was less than personable and simply escorted us to the table and left. Not a deal breaker move, but it would've added that special touch you would expect here. Additionally, for a restaurant with these prices and this reputation, I was surprised to see that the lamp on the hostess podium was held together with scotch tape. A dap of wood glue would do the trick .. Just a bit tacky as a first impression when you walk up to check in.  Finally, I really like the cozy, dated ambiance but the blue tableclothes have got to go. A warm cream cloth would do wonders and make it look a little brighter, fresher, and clean.
2	I guy named Stephen from NY reviewed this place perfectly. Look at his review. I felt like it was a dining room at a fancy retirement home in the basement of a janky casino. The salad was great and everything else excluding the entree was nice, but the entree was very underwhelming. I was glad we bought a coupon for 25% off our bill from Tix 4 Tonight because I would have felt ripped off without it.
5	Excellent - I'm not a big salad person but their salad bar with the Orange Honey Walnut Vinegarete is the best I've ever had. Had Veal Chop as main dish and again a home run.
5	Most AMAZING service ever. As soon as you walk in every lady is greeted with a long stem rose and walked to your table with warmth and class. Food is even better then the service. And making my salad at my table is awesome.
5	We always try to go out for at least one nice dinner while we are in Vegas.  This time we did not plan ahead and we asked a local while we were cruising downtown- he suggested Hugo's Cellar. Let me first say I was very surprised to find a romantic and quiet restaurant just below the casino floor of the 4 Queens. There is a stairway down right next to the buffet, so I was a little nervous going in.  We had a party of six all dressed downtown casual, but they did not bat an eyelash and were able to seat us immediately. They even handed each of the ladies a long-stemmed red rose. The food was great. Especially the table-side salad. (One of the best restaurant salads I've had.) The service was even better. Despite our casual attire, we were treated very well and had excellent service by our server and enjoyed a great conversation with an outstanding sommelier. Thank you Hugo's for delivering an outstanding meal without the usual snobbery of this type of high class establishment.
5	man i love this joint. the food is amazing and the ambiance very romantic. or in my case BRO-mantic as i come here annually with my high school bud. we had a blast with 6 dudes at the table. we were very loud, but it's spacious enough that it won't matter. plus it's vegas baby.don't get me wrong this is a classy joint, very upscale, but i love how we can come in here decked out in our now infamous vegas costumes complete with leisure suits and bandanas and no one blinks an eye.do get: the BEEF WELLINGTON. my favorite thing on the menu. careful tho... if you get it too "rare" the pastry crust doesn't cook all the way through.salad: this place makes your salad for you at your table and it's divine. my personal preference is to NOT mix in every salad ingredient as it will turn your salad into a funk salad. IXNAY on the hearts of palm (it overpowers all the other flavors). keep it simple, less is more. LOVE the  baby shrimp on the salad - goes well with cream dressing, egg and bacon.
5	My go to steakhouse in Las Vegas. Been going here for well over 30 years now. I always sit at Victors station. He makes the best salads if you let him build it and don't ask.My favorites: Rib Eye steak, Prime Rib, Crab Cakes, Banana's fosters, and the Kona coffee made right on your table.Let Jon pick out your wine. He is VERY knowledgable....just tell him your price range and you'll be surprised.Enjoy!
2	Hugo's Cellar has had very nice food for years. The decor hasn't changed the past 15 years in cluding Victor. It's great he looks the same but the Cellar needs a facelift.  That is why 2 stars.Dining should be an experience, not eat and run. With so many new places that make Hugo's Cellar look like a old Denny's. I understand the food is inexpensive for all you get, salad, main dish, starch and vegetable, bread basket, chocolate covered strawberries and coffee for one price. If you live in LV ok, but if your in Vegas for a dining experience try Wolfgang Punk -The Cut it's at the Palazzo . Comme-CA at the Cosmopolitan or Jean Georges Steakhouse at Aria. They are beautiful. The Fluers at Caesars is so beautiful you leave relaxed and happy.
4	Hugo's Cellar was the first "fancy schmancy" restaurant that my husband (then boyfriend) tried in Vegas about six years ago. I remember being very impressed by the high class service and the intricately made food. I wondered, was this place good because it was in my pre-Yelp days? Or was it really THAT good? Yes, sir, this place is as good as I remembered.This restaurant is in an unlikely location. It's inside Four Queens. Downtown Las Vegas has drastically improved over the last few years but admittedly I still hold my purse close to me when I walk around. I would highly suggest to valet your car because the garage elevator was broken and I had to go down four flights of stairs in heels! Hey, if you're going to a fancy schmancy restaurant, you might as well splurge on valet!Once you get to the restaurant, ladies are given a single red rose. The restaurant is dark and has a old school Vegas feel. We were seated in a booth, and I appreciated the romantic ambiance. Waiters were all wearing tuxedos. They even poured water with a certain flair.My favorite part about this place is the table side prepared salad. It comes free with your entree and you get an array of toppings to choose from! They give a cute mini raspberry sorbet to cleanse your palette. I ordered the ribeye steak and my husband got the Chilean sea bass. We both savored every single bite and still had leftovers to take home! I'm not sure if it's because they knew it was our anniversary but we got hooked up with lots of desserts! We got an assortment of chocolate covered strawberries, figs and apricots to dip in whipped cream. Then we got a chocolate mousse cake that was melt-in-your-mouth amazing! Oh my, my mouth is watering just writing about it.If you're looking for romance, good food and great service, you can't go wrong with Hugo's Cellar!
5	Great food with a cool Old Vegas atmosphere.  Only downside is that it is a nice restaurant, but so many people come in off the Fremont Street Experience not planning on a nice dinner and are dressed very casually. Seeing someone in cut off jeans and a tank top might ruin some of the ambiance.
5	This was our 10th time visiting Hugo's. As every time before, both the service and the food were top notch.
2	Our Luck was not as good as others... not to sure if i want to give them another shot... We received more service from the bus boy than our servers... and both the food and the service did not live up to our expectations or the hype.... Overall, im not going back, the experience was not something to remember... there was a missing touch from the service aspect....
5	IMHO, this is about as good as it gets for steak in Vegas.  The only thing Hugo's Cellar is missing is a view of the Vegas Strip, but let's face it, that''s not why I'm here.  It is for the calm atmosphere, the elite service, and the food!  I've dined here twice in three years.  The first time impressed me and made me want to come back.  The second time (last week) made me list Hugo's as my favorite restaurant for a great salad and meat entree.Both my wife and I agree that the made-to-order-at-your-table salad was absolutely  the best salad we've ever had!  I liked how they brought my cocktail (a gibson) in a small carafe - and it must have been a double - because the extra is stored in a dish of crushed ice on the table  so it doesn't get warm or watered down.  Now that's something very few places do for you.  A classy touch that's worth bonus points.Other Yelpers have validated that the food - from the bread basket to the chocolate-dipped fruit - is expertly prepared, presented, and tasty, so I won't go into that.  But I would like to compliment the staff.  We had a team of three servers waiting on us, and they were smooth, efficient, attentive, professional and warm.  Combined with the quiet atmosphere, subdued lighting, and luxurious cellar ambience, this is a place that will not disappoint if you're weary of the hustle and noise of the Strip.To add frosting to the cake, you get a discount on one entree at Hugo's if you have a player's club card from the Four Queens Casino upstairs.  Free validated parking at Four Queens as well!  What more could you ask for on a great dining experience?
4	Hugo's Cellar is still the premier downtown classic dining den where continental cuisine is served, and table-side service is the norm rather than the exception.  Ladies still receive a long-stemmed rose, a palate cleanser is offered just before entrees are served, and complimentary chocolate-covered fruits are bestowed in abundance at meal's end.  All I missed was French Onion Soup Gratinee.  Alas, it is not served here.To begin at the beginning, my party of four enjoyed Cheese-Toasted Lavosh and Sourdough Rolls with rosettes of butter, before some of us shared a very good Shrimp Cocktail.  But only 3 shrimps were presented for $16, along with a nice traditional Cocktail Sauce and a Thousand Island type dressing.  These were followed by an excellent complex salad prepared with a choice of Caesar, Peppercorn, or Honey Raspberry Orange Walnut Vinaigrette Dressing.  I recommend the latter, which was light, flavorful, and interesting with its different fruity notes.  A diner has 20 ingredients from which to pick, including Romaine lettuce, pine nuts, hearts of palm, tomatoes, Parmesan Cheese, shrimp, mushrooms, croutons, anchovies, bell pepper, red onions, and egg.   An Intermezzo of Lemon Sorbet was a refreshing change of pace before we launched into our entrees.  I had an excellent, perfectly cooked medium-rare Fillet Atlantis, which is similar to Filet Oscar, but here the Filet Mignon is surrounded by Crab Claws.  Except the claws were ice cold on arrival.  An offer to flash heat my entree was accepted, and it yielded beneficial results.  On return the crab meat was hot, and the smooth Bearnaise Sauce tasted great.  Mixed vegetables on the plate, including cooked tomatoes, were good, and Boiled Parsley Red Potatoes and mushrooms were very good.  But, based on the little crab provided, I didn't feel it was really worth the additional cost.While it is not necessary to purchase a dessert, a pyramid of Caramel Chocolate Mousse with sweet Whipped Cream was really luscious.  But it resulted in a few Chocolate-Covered Figs and Strawberries being left behind on their plate.It is fairly dark inside (It is a cellar, after all!), and the ambiance is romantic.  Service was formal, attentive, and professional.  Food is pricey, but the cost of entrees is discounted 20% for each diner who is age 55 or over and presents a Four Queens Club 55 player's card.  Thus, a Fillet Atlantis that is normally sold for $60.00 is reduced to $48.00 for young seniors.4-1/2 stars overall, and still very much downtown Vegas's diamond in the rough!
5	We go to Hugo's every time we go to Vegas! This is a must go place! The food is always amazing, as is the service. You will not be sorry if you go to Hugo's, you will be planning your next trip so you can go again. Go to Hugo's!! I am telling you to GO TO HUGOS! :)
4	To be honest, this was our second meal here, the first one was, well not impressive, but friends were in town and they wanted to go, so what the heck.Well I am glad we did, this meal was far better, in terms of service, quality of the food and ambiance..Hugo's is old school Vegas, way old school and that, when done correctly is not a bad thing, waiters in tuxes, salads made to order table side, classic dishes done right even a sommelier.To start the Lobster bisque, certainly one of the better ones I have eaten lately, a good creamy taste with chunks of lobster.A ceasers salad made table side, though the dressing is pre made, so a little bit missing there, but honestly, the only place I know that makes it from scratch now days is the Gourmet room at the Riverside in Laughlin.For the entree, I went with the Chicken Champignon. I have to say, this dish was almost perfect. The chicken itself was perfectly cooked, the sauce was fantastic, the mushroomsoh so good, the only let down...And pretty much the only let down of the night was the potatoes....They were actually good, however thepresentation really was ...well stupid, it was clear that they came straight from a water warming pan to my plate, via an ice cream scoop,why take the time to make a great dish and then just take a scoop of potatoes and plop them on a plate...Silly.Yes I am picking at little things, the meal really was that good.the wife had the Sea Bass, a nice dish, though I am not a fan of Sea Bass, so we will have to take her word for it.All in all, a great meal, with great friends.
5	5 star service, 4.5 food and 5 star value. The often yelped about salad cart is overrated. Plenty of choices for a custom salad, but 3 standard dressing choices. Most places BOA or any steakhouse has way better salads. The rib eye was terrific and cooked to order exactly how I expected. The room itself was an old school Vegas restaurant that impressed me. The hostess was pleasant and the waiter was attentive and very nice. I did not love my side dishes, but they are not a la carte. They were included so I could hardly complain. I had a great experience and will go back next time in Vegas.
5	Truly one of the grand old dames of the Las Vegas scene.  It is certainly a throwback, but in the way.Food/Drink: In the end, this is the most important right? Everyone at my table enjoyed their meal. I had the fish of the day, which was done perfectly, but can't comment too much on everyone elses.  The others in my parties got a Ribeye and some other cut of steak and both gave two monster thumbs up. The sides were perhaps a bit too rich, but nothing to really cause a downgrade.Service: Service stuck out the most to me and really is what earned this the five star.  From the beginning they are extremely attentive.  The rose for the ladies was welcomed by all.  Additionally, we had a classically trained sommelier who was excellent and chose a wine that really actually complemented the meal, that was not even close to the most expensive on the menu.   Ambience: Classy place, dark (not too dark) and romantic.  I thought it had excellent acousitcs insofar as you knew others were in the restaurant but you could still talk at a nice level.  Price: $300 for four of us with a good amount of wine seemed extremely fair for the enjoyment we got from the night.  So it is pricey, but less so than most of the fancier steakhouses in town.I definitely recommend for a special night out.
3	I am so disappointed.  We just came home from our anniversary dinner here and I am so sorry that Hugo's didn't live up to all the glowing reviews here on Yelp.  First, hidden gem or not, it's still the basement at the 4 Queens, a less than lovely old time casino/hotel down on Fremont.  Don't get my wrong, I like Fremont Street and don't expect the flash of the Strip, but the 4 Queens is in my view a lower tiered hotel/casino.  The room is dark and it was crowded and we got stuck at a table by the door to the bar.  I thought it was noisy and too busy to be a romantic gem that everyone goes on about here on Yelp and other review sites.Service.  The older hostess seated us quickly, but she really was just there to take us to the table and didn't make us feel welcome at all.  I don't expect a brass band, but a warm friendly welcome is always nice.  Then there was our waiter, well, let's just say our waiter was not one of the stellar ones that I observed at other tables.  His heart just didn't seem to be in his job tonight.  I don't know it that's every night or if he is just not as good as some of the old school waiters seemed to be.  He wasn't there most of the time and wasn't personable and attentive as other waiters I was observing at other tables.  There were no pleasantries exchanged or even small talk, just order taking.Started with drinks which were nicely made and bread butter.  Believe or not, we had stale or day old flat bread.  I told the busser and he just asked if we wanted more....you mean like more stale bread!  Uh, no thanks.The salad really is a nice touch.  Made table side does make it fun and it is fresh and tasty and nice.  But again, no small talk or chat from the waiter.I had the rib eye.  The meat was cooked to perfection, but I wasn't sure what the unnecessary sauce or gray was on the meat.  The vegetables were cool to cold and the potato was about the same.  It was a good, but not great steak.My wife had the scallops and she had to send them back because they were covered in a nasty tasting sauce.  The waiter had them redone and they put the sauce on the side.  They were fresh and cooked well, but why ruin good seafood by covering it up with sauce?  All fresh seafood needs is a little butter or olive oil and maybe some garlic.  Let the protein speak for itself.  Why hide it?The sorbet between courses is again a nice touch and so too are the chocolate covered strawberries.  I like old style Vegas and I like downtown, but needless to say, I am not a fan of Hugo's Cellar.  If I want a steak downtown again, I'll head over to Vic & Anthony's at the Golden Nugget, where we had exemplary service and excellent food awhile back.  For a real hidden gem downtown, try the Second Street Grill hidden away at the Fremont or the Triple George Grill.  All three of these places are much nicer in my opinion than Hugo's....Sadly, the menu and Hugo's is in my view, too "old school".  To much stuff you'd have expected in an episode from Mad Men rather than in 2013..An addendum, I did put in our reservation this was our anniversary, and didn't even get a greeting of happy anniversary...to me that was really kind of a big no-no for a place that wants to be "old school"
4	An old school hangout for the Rat Pack back in the glory days of Las Vegas.Located in the cellar of the 4 Queens Hotel and Casino.The attire should be business casual, some people dressed more formal and some a little more casual, but one should never show up in tee shirt and shorts.Onto the atmosphere, it is romantic, lit for the most part with candles at your table and the rest of the lights on medium.The wait staff is fantastic and attentive!  They explain everything to you in detail and also make recommendations. No notepad is needed the waiters remember everything in their heads.Food also comes out at a good pace, none of those 1 hour waits between appetizers, entrees, and desserts. I dare say after you are finished with your food about 10-15 minutes later the next course arrives.My friend and I each ordered the lobster bisque,  plus crab cakes for appetizers, then the seafood combo (crabcake, scallops and salmoln i think) and I forget if I had cheesecake or apple pie. My memory is a little fuzzy.  The food was delicious, but the entree was a tad on the small side for the price.Also order the coffee for two, it gets brewed right in front of you in a fancy contraption.The meal came out to only 150 before tax and tip.  This included 3 appetizers, 2 entrees, 2 desserts, 2 coffees and 2 cokes.
4	This place is great to take a date.  Very romantic setting and the ambiance is nice.  The staff is personable and polite.  Table side salad was very good to start with, also the lobster bisque was great.  Had the Ribeye, and it was to die for.  If I am granted a last meal on this planet, this would come to mind instantly.  The sides were just alright and kind of disappointing, but the main course was excellent.  We had a party of 6, and everyone at the table was impressed and had nothing bad to say about what they ordered.
1	WHAT THE HECK HAPPENED? My God folks, we went in there at 6PM on Feb 22nd and should have turned around. #1. Ordered shrimp cocktail. YOU NOW ONLY GET 2. I think they tried for 3 but the third one was the size of a quarter. That and no flavor PERIOD!#2. Salad cart guy obviously didn't want to be there as he tossed all the stuff into a bowl. His marksmanship was about 75% on. Salad was good.#3. After the sorbet to "refresh the pallet" we WAITED AND WAITED AND WAITED! 27 minutes later, they bring our dishes. Food quality...just OK!#4 The real pisser is FOOD PORTIONS. I had a dish with multiple items and a piece of fish that was about 1.5 ounces. NO KIDDING... 2 small mouthfuls and DONE! ZILCHAND then I found a whole 2 danged small shrimp next to the "fish suprise".   Then we tried to pay. WAITER? GONE! They lost my business forever AND anyone else I ever chat with.
5	Classic vegas dining in the cellar of the four queens hotel. Long stem red rose fpr my wife. Waiters in tuxes. Table side salad service. Incredible entrees and a desert platter to finish it off. Amazing night and dinner!
1	This was our first time to Hugo's.  We have had family recommend Hugo's telling us it was great food and great service. We were in Vegas to celebrate a 30th birthday and had a large party, about 22 people. We were told they would be able to accommodate the party in a large back room but when we arrived we were told the party would be at three different tables. After we had complained they were able to get us down to two tables. Once we were seated they came around quickly and took our drink order. My wife and I had heard about the portions so we had decided to share. We got the lobster bisque and the seafood trio. The waiter serving the salads was very friendly and was able to make everyone smile. The issue with the salads was even though we were seated at two tables only one person was making the salads. It ended up taking close to 40 minutes before everyone had their salad. Our biggest issue was with our main order. We are not sure if it was because of the large party and having to get the food out at one time but it was not anywhere close to the quality we would expect from a restaurant of this type. The lobster bisque was closer to a squash bisque so much to the point that we could not taste the lobster that was in the bisque. The seafood trio was also a disappointment. We have had seabass on many different occasions and love it due to the fact that the fish is very easy to cook and has a great flavor. This time the seabass did not have it's normal taste and instead had an odd flavor that was almost like it was cooked in an unclean pan. The crab cake also was a let down. I believe that it was made with nutmeg as it tasted closer to a pumpkin pie than a crab cake. All said we did not even come close to having half of the meal. Keep in mind my wife and I were sharing the meal! I could have looked passed the quality of the food , and chalked it up to the large party, but what happened when we mentioned the food tasting off and that it had upset our stomachs is the reason we will never go back and the reason I suggest you do not visit Hugo's. Instead of saying sorry, instead of checking the food, instead of asking if we were alright we were asked to talk to security.  In addition this was not done at security but instead beside our table.  This included giving a written statement and having our photo taken! I understand that the restaurant needs to make sure they are covered incase something serious happens due to the food. I also understand that people try to get out of checks all the time in a place like Vegas. However, I do not see the point of having a security guard come down to a table, in front of all their other customers, to get a statement about the food and how you have stomach pains due to it. In the end we paid over 90 dollars for sub par food that was not even half eaten. If you are considering going to Hugo's I suggest the steak, otherwise you are better off getting a hotdog from a street vendor. Less chance of getting sick and it will taste like you would expect a hotdog to taste.
4	What can you say about a place that has been here for almost 30 years other than to survive in downtown Las Vegas for all these years being higher than all the other places price wise something has to be done correctly.  With reservations secured we are seated in a private room in the back called the party room. Actually very nice 10 Top in secluded gated off area.Waiters are on us along with John the long time sommellier.  Reconmending a very nice Cabernet we are on to the main event. All entrees come with the Table side Salad made to order with your options of at least 8-10 accutrements. Salad for each of us was cold, fresh,  and dressings and overall presentation and taste was top notch. Delicious. Entrees go for the beef folks and if you do go for the beef go for the PRIME RIB!...  Couple of NY Strips were on a scale of 1-10 about a 7... Good top shelf quality but not the blow me away one.  A bone in Filet was also 7 out of 10 as was the rib eye.  The balance of the group ordered the Giant Cut of prime rib and folks this sucker could tip over Fred Flintstone's car.   Big rich in color, flavor & Texture and served with  Nice Auju.  All entrees also included choice of potatoe and grilled vegetables.  Too much food for one man to finish.Some after dinner drinks, and coffees were enjoyed without desert. Service and atmosphere in downtown vegas was fantastic and it was truly and enjoyable experience across the board.  1 star off as Steaks were just miss on greatness but price points exceptional, wine list reasonable and prime rib KILLER.
3	My wife and I ate here a few weeks ago on a Wednesday night. We were greeted right away and only had to wait 10 minutes for a table. I had a very nice glass of single malt scotch and my wife has a glass of cabernet. For the main course I had veal oscar while my wife ordered the small prime rib. The veal was topped with king crab legs and smallish pieces of white asparagus, the veal was perfect but I was not crazy about their version of bearnaise sauce. It was like a gravy than a sauce. The prime rib was near perfect, not the best she ever had but close. salads and the huge side dishes had us too full for desert. Price was very reasonable as we got out for under $150. I am marking them down 1 star (food is 4 stars) because of the lack of  dress code enforcement, guys wearing sandals, jogging outfits and shorts.
5	When it comes to a romantic night out in Vegas, this is my #1 recommendation.  Hugo's Cellar is extraordinary.  Located on Fremont street, in the basement of  the 4 Queens Hotel, this is one place in Vegas you should not pass up.You begin your evening checking in with the Maitre D', and grabbing a seat in their small but well appointed bar area.  When your table is ready, they give any women in your party long stemmed red roses to set the ambiance for the evening before leading you through their intimate dining area to your table.Your wait staff will stop by, introduce themselves, and get drink orders. (Yes, I said wait staff - you will have three waiters jumping to get you whatever you need to make your dinner fabulous.)  They will also offer to send over their award winning Sommelier to advise on your wine options.  They have a well appointed wine cellar, and a wide variety of bottles to choose from.  After your orders are placed, and your appetizers are finished, one of your waiters will bring a cart to the table, and make each person a generously portioned tossed salad, right at your table.  Their salad dressings are all wonderful, and they have a nice selection of salad toppers to choose from.After salad, you will be given a miniature sorbet ice cream cone as a palette cleanser before the main entree arrives, and this is when your taste buds will do a dance of joy.  Their food is AMAZING.  Their prime rib is some of the best in town, but their Raspberry Chicken is my whole reason for going to Hugo's.  It is DIVINE.  My wife loves their Beef Wellington, and my in-laws both love the Queen's Lobster.After your meal is complete, you waiters will bring a tower of chocolate dipped fruit to share while you peruse the dessert menu. I can't comment on the dessert offerings because their food is so incredible I've never been able to save enough room to actually contemplate ordering one.  I can say that the chocolate dipped figs and strawberries are delightful.The best part is that at Hugo's, their prices do not match the extravagance of their service.  An average evening with dinner, a shared appetizer, and 2 glasses of wine or adult beverages, and our average ticket is about $150 after tip.  For a dining experience like Hugo's, I have spent easily twice that much at other establishments.  Do yourself and your wife a favor, and treat yourselves.  it is worth every penny.
5	When I started to plan my vacation to Vegas with my mom, this was the first reservation I made! (My mom has been here many times, and I came here a few years prior with my family).  It always amazes me that this awesome restaurant is downtown in the basement, but that is also part of it's charm!  When you arrive, you get a rose (all the ladies do!) that sits at your table in a vase and they eventually wrap in foil for you to take home.  The salad cart is the first awesome part of this place.  They make the salad to your specs, and it is delicious!  Next came dinner - My mom had filet and I had twin lobster tails - both were perfect!  Finally came dessert - bananas flambee!  So awesome, the perfect ending to the night!  Special props to Rashard, the assistant who did the salads and dessert.  This guy has the best personality and just seemed to be so happy and nice.  Overall, YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS PLACE!  Not well known, but amazing food and experience!
5	Outstanding.  Had the New York strip and shrimp cocktail.   The dinner includes salad and dessert.   Great ambience if u like old Las Vegas. Excellent service and great half bottles of wine.
5	My wife and I had dinner at Hugo's Celler on Tuesday 6-4-13.  This is the fifth time in seven years that we ate here.  I found this place strickly by accident in 2006.  I call it our hidden gem!The service is outstanding.  Although the waiters are in Tux's, you can wear casual clothing there.  The food is excellent, the drinks are generously poured and the steak selection is great.I look forward to coming back to Hugo's again.  The prices are also very reasonable for the quality and quanity of the food.  Make sure you tip at least 20%...the food and service is well worth it.
4	My husband and I were going to Vegas for our anniversary which was 6-16-13. I had never been to Fremont Street and wanted to go for night before we spent the rest of our vacation on the Strip. I was told Hugos Cellar was a must for dinner. We loved this restaurant.  The food was good and the staff was great.  Large quantities! We were miserable, in a good way, when we left.  Fantastic martinis!!! The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because we actually went to Gordon Ramsey's Steak on our actual anniversary and it was like apples and oranges to Hugos.  It was on a different level. Obviously, it is a celebrity chefs restaurant.  But for a great meal and awesome wait staff, you have to try Hugos.  If we make it back to Fremont Street, we will definitely return here!
4	Great old Las Vegas style place.
5	Amazing experience overall. Staff and service was excellent. Ambience was superb. Food was simply amazing. My dad did say the rice was on the salty side. But aside from that the food was on point. The table side salad that comes with every entree is filling and excellent as well.
5	My wife and I have dined here at least twenty times in eleven years of going to Vegas. Every good thing you read about HUGO'S CELLAR is true. The classiness, romance and "old-school" nature of this place cannot be understated.My wife does not eat meat but pines for seafood as good as HUGO'S CELLAR at other high-end restaurants. While their steaks are not of the caliber of some high-end steakhouses, the prime rib here is astounding, you may not be able to enjoy prime rib anywhere else after you have had it at HUGO'S CELLAR. The other entrees are all excellent and the price is reasonable for portion and quality, especially compared to some of the high-end places popping up in Vegas.If I have complaints they are minimal - the legendary custom salad cart seems to produce smaller salads than even form just a few years ago and some of the newer wait-staff is not as in love with the HUGO'S experience as the old team.But this is quibbling - bring the love of your life here on your next Vegas trip. It will be a great experience.
4	The food was outstanding. My wife had a filet mignon and I had the Seafood Trio. Both were cooked correctly and tasted wonderful. The service was top notch, staff were everywhere and you never had to "find" someone to refill drinks, salad or bread. The only reason it got a four star was the atmosphere. The 4 Queens Hotel is a little run down and unfortunately you have to go through the whole hotel basically to get to the restaurant and the only restroom is also back out in the casino. Other than, it was a great experience.
3	food was good and service was great.  I guess my only beef with it is that Hugo's is very "Old Vegas".  I am only 21, I am more interested in hip and trendy restaurants.  Not a sit down, 5 star time capsule.  I will come back but give me a few more years to mature like a fine wine
5	Even though I'm under 30, I'm a sucker for an "Old Vegas" experience, and this place is IT!The ambiance is exactly what you want in an old Vegas steakhouse: dimly lit, deep red booths, great service, wonderful menu, etc. Each lady is greeted with a beautiful red rose and the service is beyond amazing! One of my favorite parts was the table side salad preparation because you have so many options, it's like a salad bar! The cocktails are so generously pored with an overflow glass that you really only need one! You think it can't get any better until you are served your entree! Perfectly prepared! This is a MUST for anyone who wants the classic Vegas steakhouse experience!
2	This place is classic, the food is great. The service is horrible, hence why it's getting 2 stars from me. I believe service to be a critical component of the dining experience. The manager is extremely rude and not at all accommodating. I tried to organize a dinner party for about 30 people here, the manager told me that he was unwilling to accommodate a party of our size during dinner. He said we could come at 5:30 or at 9 because our party would take up too much space and he had other patrons to think about. Guess what manager, you just turned 30 people guaranteed to order 30 dinners... Idiot. I've never been spoken to so rudely. I'll never come here again. There are several steakhouse in the Las Vegas area, no need to come to this one and be treated like crap.
4	Went here for our anniversary great food intimate setting ladies even get a rose before seated very good experience!  Well be there for our 12th
5	This place is great old school Las Vegas. The casino itself leaves a lot to be desired, but the restaurant is great. You go down the stairs descend into a totally different world from the casino above. The brick walls and dark intimate feel of the restaurant are in total contrast to what is going on above you. Once downstairs, you are greeted by the manager as soon as you arrive and shown to your table.The waiters here all wear tuxedos and it gives the restaurant a real elegant feel. We had no less than 3 waiters during our dinner. All were very professional and delivered great service. We did not have any issues during our meal.We did not order any appetizers because they already give you so much food included with your meal. For starters, they bring you a bread basket with assorted breads in it. All were very good and tasty. We very much enjoyed the table side salad. It was terrific. Presentation was nice and they have so many ingredients to choose from. All items were fresh and it made for a great salad. They brought us out a little raspberry sorbet cone before our entree as a pallet cleanser. It was a nice touch and did what it was supposed to do. My entree tasted fantastic after eating this tart little treat.For entree I had the 16oz prime rib. It was very good. Nice and juicy and full of flavor. Served with great horseradish sauce, vegetables and garlic whipped potatoes it was a very nice dish. My wife had the chicken champignon which was very good as well. Loaded with mushrooms and served with a tasty sauce it was good.After your meal, you are brought a plate of chocolate covered strawberries, apricots and figs with a dip. This was a great touch to a wonderful meal. We were both full from our dishes but ate these little gems anyway. A lot of restaurants could learn something about customer service and service from Hugo's Cellar. Our whole dining experience from start to finish was great. I will definitely be returning here next time in Vegas for another wonderful meal.
5	Love this place!  Bartender, Dean, was excellent.  Service was top notch, food was great.  Especially liked the table side salad prep.  They were very accommodating of a Celiac needing a GF meal.  Love the Old Vegas vibe.
1	We ate here last night and, sad to say, it was less than stellar. We called for a reservation at 5 hoping to get in at 7:00. It was short notice I know. At first, Rich, the manager said not until 9:00. I said ok we'll go somewhere else. Then he said we could come at 6:30. Great! I wish we hadn't gotten in.Let me start off my saying this is not a cheap restaurant by any means and we knew that. When we walked in as per usual, they gave me a rose. They give Roses to all the female guests.We ordered drinks which were fine. A little light, but not bad. For an appetizer, we had the escargot which was really good. I was none to pleased when the dirty dishes remained on our table for an extended length of time. I finally stacked them and put them by the edge of the table hoping one of the 3 people taking care of us would notice.Erik was our head waiter. He disappeared and I called over Oscar to order a bottle of wine. He stated he could not take orders for bottles of wine only the Sommelier could. We had to wait for him. That was about a 15 minute wait. I've known the sommelier there for years and mentioned to him I wasn't too pleased with the service so far. He said I should tell Rich, the manager. I decided to wait it out and see how things progressed. They went downhill from there.I ordered the Veal Oscar and my husband ordered the filet. First, they give you a salad made table side. It is fine. It is a lettuce salad with your choice of dressing and toppings. My veal came and it was awful. It tasted fishy. I didn't say anything to my husband, but told him to try a bite. He said the identical thing. I tried his steak. It was dry on the ends and you needed a lot of sauce to get it down.I had to track down Erik again as I was not paying $49 for bad veal. When I was able to get him and told him the veal was bad, he got rather indignant and stated that the only thing he could get to me was the prime rib. I guess it was sitting there. I did not want prime rib. He got very angry, took the plate and walked away. I just shared my husband's steak with him.I told John, the sommelier, about the altercation with the waiter. He said to tell Rich. I told Rich what happened and even he didn't offer me something I would like better. He said he would give me his card before I left for a free meal. Yeah right. This meal should have been free. They gave us a desert for our anniversary and you could tell it was not fresh, it had been pulled from the freezer. There was ice falling off of it.We got the bill and they did take the drinks and my veal off, but charged us $17.00 for the salad that was supposed to come with the meal and that was just wrong!Before he delivered the bill, Erik came back as I'm sure he was told to by the manager to  make it right. Instead he began arguing with me. Hey jerk I'm the customer.So for one entree and one desert we ended up with a $129.00 bill. Of course, I couldn't find Erik again to discuss the charge for the salad. On the bill, there is a place for 2 tips. One for the server and one for the sommelier. I gave john 20% of what the wine cost. I gave Erik $1. He didn't deserve anything. Never saw the manager again either. So much for the card for the meal.  This was totally unacceptable for a restaurant of their caliber. I've been eating here since the 1980's, but I won't be going back. Too many other good restaurants in Vegas to choose from. This was the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant in Vegas!
5	We have been dining at Hugo's for some time now. I love the Old Vegas ambiance.  I've celebrated birthdays, dinner before the bachelor party, night out with the guys, and perfect dinner with just the wife. They start with a salad made table side (even have anchovies if you request for them). Escargot is our favorite appetizer. The quality of the Entrees and sides are first class. At the end they give you chocolate dipped fruit and freshly whipped cream. Service is always top notch from the time you arrive until the time you leave. I have recommended Hugo's to everyone that goes to Vegas and no one has been disappointed.
5	this place is a real treasure! never in a million years would i have guessed such a swanky steak & seafood joint lies beneath the Four Queens! my in-laws discovered it on their last trip to Vegas and insisted we come back for their 40th wedding anniversary. they handed all the ladies in my party a single long-stemmed rose before they escorted us to our dimly-lit, circular booth and placed the roses in a vase for us. it felt like i was on the set of Mad Men or an old school New York-style steakhouse. the menu is expensive, but i felt it was worth every penny. most of us ordered entrees because we wanted the full service. first comes the table-side salad service, and they let you choose every item - mine had hearts of palm and anchovies and a lovely vinaigrette. then a 'palate cleansing' mini-cone of raspberry sorbet - darling! and then the entrees...  i had the salmon en papillote, which came with a dramatic table-side preparation of salmon steamed in a puffed-up little parchment bag, then deflated and cut away, and served with julienne vegetables on top. absolutely fantastic. i pretty much never do dessert - too heavy, cakey, creamy, etc. but i was terribly pleased with dessert at Hugo's - chocolate covered fruits! strawberries, apricots, and figs, all my favorite things! it was just wonderful. attentive and expert service, very cozy space, with light classic Rat Pack lounge tunes piped into the background. very highly recommend this place. i would love to return for another special occasion.
5	Forget all the hype in Vegas this is the best food for your money. A+ service and A+ food. Steaks , seafood, chicken, etc you won't be disappointed.
5	The service and ambience of Vintage Vegas is here and has never left... You first walk downstairs to a larger than life "cellar," and you and your guest is greeted by a maitre de. The woman of your party is given a rose for just attending their establishment! Get ready for food! The menu is elegant, and nothing is missed for a wonderful steak house. The salad is a joy in itself, the way they cater to your order. I had the Atlantis steak. 10oz filet wrapped in bacon and crab, good. So good! Dessert. Try the banana fosters. I don't even like bananas and I loved it.
5	A wonderful experience I will cherish forever. Outstanding service and savory dishes cooked to perfection. We had escargot for the appetizer, the ribeye steak medium rare with freshly made horseradish sauce on top. It's a must I highly recommend you try it with the sauce since there is an option. I ordered an appletini and they gave me a glass bottle in a little ice caddy which came out to be three drinks total. The waiters add a nice little touch by wrapping the bottom of the rose in tinfoil and each waving goodbye on your way out. I felt very special and taken care of the entire time. It made me wish that everyone could experience a night like that at least once in their life. I went with family, but I would recommend for a couples romantic anniversary dinner. Just be sure to make a reservation.
2	We really enjoyed the food we had at Hugo's Cellar, unfortunately it was overshadowed by the lackluster service.  They greet each of the women with a rose (nice touch).  It's quiet even though it's right next to the casino - the only complaint I had about this is that due to the smell of the smoke from the casino, it seemed like they were overcompensating with some sort of air freshener to get rid of the smoke smell.  This just resulted in a mixture of perfumed smoke smell in the entryway/bar of the restaurant.The dinner we had was very good - we mostly opted for steaks, but the fish I had was done perfectly.  However, our waiter was just running through the motioned and you could definitely tell he was bored and did not want to be there.  That definitely put a downer on our experience there.  Not sure we would visit again.
5	This was an outstanding dinner and I am happy to write this review.  The place was packed and we didn't have a reservation.  The wonderful host slipped us in anyway.  What a romantic, elegant old-school dinner house.  For starters every lady guest is given a rose when they seat  your party.   We ordered crab cakes that were excellent.  For entrees we  ordered fillet Mignon, and stuffed chicken.   The dinner salads are made for you at the table.  You can choose from, artichokes,pine nuts, tomatoes, mushrooms, shrimp,cheese, croutons, etc.... just wonderful.  I must mention their orange honey walnut vinaigrette.  This was the best dressing for a salad that I have ever tasted.  Wonderful.  Now back to the entrees.   My husband had the best melt in your mouth fillet he has ever ate.  He was blown away by how perfect his steak was.  Our chicken was delicious as well.  Nice and tender with an awesome sauce.  We were so stuffed from our meals that we didn't order any extra dessert.  They bring a complimentary dessert to your table.  Chocolate covered strawberries and apricots and I believe dates.  This was a wonderful ending to an unforgettable meal. We all agreed that this was the best attentive service that we have had in ages. We did not want or wait for a thing.  If you are in downtown Vegas and near the Four Queens hotel and casino and want a delicious meal I would highly recommend Hugos.  I wish I could give more stars.
5	Perfection with every little touch.  I've lived in Vegas for a very long time and thought IDE been everywhere.  My husband and I consider ourselves foodies having eaten in some of the best places in the world and I am a difficult critic.    That's why I was so surprised at our experience last night at this old downtown classic.  We Were greeted at the door with a rose. An empty bud vase was waiting on the table for it and before we left the restaurant the waiter had wrapped it to go for me. The vodka cocktail my husband ordered came with its own chilling bin in a carafe. Elegant old style to the max.  The menu also is elegant old style classics that I don't know why they ever went out of styleReasonable prices and everything is included including the sorbet between courses and a finish with chocolate covered strawberries, figs, and dates with cream to dip.The beef Wellington was perfect as were the mash potatoes and al dente veggies.  Service was impeccable.  Definately a redo and let's keep it a secret so it doesn't get too busy
5	We are from New Jersey and have been going to Hugo,s for many years. The atmosphere is lovely. We have never had a problem with the service. Our meals have always been over the top. We recommend this establishment to anyone wanting to experience the real old time classy Vegas.
4	Recommend you make reservations, this place is popular.  6:00pm was our seating time and we were seated fast.  The dinner meal (price) is all inclusive of salad, lemon sorbet palate cleanser, main dish (starch, veggies, entree), and a very light desert sampler tray of chocolate dipped strawberries, fig on white chocolate, and chocolate dipped apricots .  If you want a more heavier desert then Hugo's has a desert tray for your selection (added cost).  We had a party of 6 and a 18% gratuity was automatically added to our bill.The service and food was excellent as commanded by the price of the meal.  The Cellar is a little dimmer than it should be.  Tables are lit by candle light to add a romantic ambiance.  Personally, I think a little more lighting is needed.I had the prime rib 16oz cut.  There were only two choices of prime rib on the menu, 16oz & 24oz.  Frankly, there should be another choice for prime rib.  I recommend a 10 oz cut be added to the menu because the 16oz cut is too big.  I  had problems finishing the piece of meat and I'm a pretty big guy.If you want to impress your date then this is the place to go to have a great piece of Steak or Prime Rib.
5	Don't let the fact that this is in the 4Queens scare you. This place was fantastic.  Everything was awesome, from the bread to the salad to the entree to the dessert.  The decor was cute as well.  Very romantic setting.  Order the prime rib, it was the best I have ever had.  This is a great place for any sort of celebration or romantic evening. Thanks Hugos for an unforgettable experience!
5	Truly a wonderful dining experience!  I come to Las Vegas two or three times a year and ALWAYA plan a super at Hugo's Cellar. The steak selection has never disappointed me either because they have always been very tender and exactly how I've ordered them. Great service and tasty food merit five stars.
5	If Yelp considered short statements as "reviews" then all I'd have to say is.."Hugo's Cellar is AWESOME!"Instead, let me explain a little.  This is a review that could really go on and on so I'm gonna try to cut myself short.There is nothing that I don't like about Hugo's Cellar.  The service is superb, the food is fantastic, and it reminds me of other "old school" Vegas gourmet rooms that are no longer around.  The table-side salad service is fantastic and whatever you order on the menu is gonna be delicious.  Remember to save room for Bananas Foster (prepared table-side) after dinner and a cup of great coffee. You might be surprised, but you won't be disappointed!
5	Hugo's Cellar is a MUST!!! Everything from the appetizer I ordered (grilled mushrooms), salad made table side, main dish, and dessert (chocolate dipped fruit) were delicious. The taste is indescribable. Service was excellent all around. You will not be disappointed : )
5	HUGO'S WILL SPOIL YOU.Nice reception. The hostess was very kind.The waiter was quick to my table, friendly and explained the menu very well.How about some whipped butter with an assortment of fresh bread? YUP.For those who enjoy wine, Hugo's has a sommelier...wine stewart. If wine knowledge isn't your thing, it's ok...there won't be a quiz.  Sommeliers won't make you feel stupid. They're available to help with pairings and a deeper understanding of wine IF you want.Who doesn't love a table-side salad cart? Many fresh and chilled salad fixin's to choose from.You may be surprised with the raspberry sorbet pallet cleanser. This is not common.  You might think...WHAT, dessert comes first? No, this is how rich people eat.  LOL.Let me circle back to the waiter and service. I like a waiter who will not only make suggestions, but damn near insist you eat a particular menu item.  Of course, we the customer have final say, but it shows the waiter will go beyond normal service.You can order sides, but Hugo's isn't cheap.  They will provide veggies and starch with your main course. Also, they have sauce options for meat items.The dinner concluded with an assortment of complimentary goodies, including chocolate covered strawberries and FRESH whipped cream. I was caught off guard. I thought I was suppose to choose one of many treats on the dessert tray. Nope, they were all for me! I understand Hugo's offers a pretty amazing Banana's Foster table side show.  I don't how people do it. The other courses are not small.Following dinner, both the waiter and hostess insist I come back...as if I was a celebrity or high roller. I was given a business card with the hostess' name and phone number...the restaurant phone number.I will DEFINITELY give them a call.NOW, DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND LOOK THROUGH ALL THE PHOTO'S.
5	Eric and his crew delivered big time efficiency, entertainment, recommendations, and especially excellent food!service was outstanding food quality and quantity fantastic.  I have wasted approximately $7500over five years at SWS and similiar, including Lawrys.  Never againThe generic, bland strip places are fine for an expense account, but when you are paying spend the time and enjoy the best prime rib. Anywhere.  I am not sure what others , here me Lawrys, SWS, Lavo are serving but it is not prime rib.  Yes they have a great salad, drinks, etc, read the other reviews here and keep in mind the negative ones are from indecisive  women or metrosexual men.If you are looking for a mans meal in a mans environment, this is your place.  Spent  $139 + $35 tip $40 cab round trip palazzo.
5	AMAZING!!!!  Husband and I can't remember if we have been here in recent years.  This was the first place that I brought him 14 years ago when he came to visit me in my hometown for Christmas break.  So, last night for our 12th wedding anniversary, we decided to take a walk down memory lane and kick Vegas old school.  First of all, the service is incredible.  You are consistently (in a good way) being checked on by the various servers.  You never have a moment of wanting.The food was O M G!We shared the lobster bisque.  I took the first bite, turned to husband, and said, "THIS is what lobster bisque is supposed to taste like."  Great flavor and chunks of lobster.The wine sommelier recommended a nice half bottle of pinot grigio for me to accompany my salmon.  I had it sauce nantua, which had a nice sauce with bay shrimp and crab meat.  I liked the accompanying veggies.  Husband had the Beef Wellington.  While we both enjoy our meals, husband does prefer his meat well, which is not possible with the Wellington.Ended the beautiful meal with a house cappuccino.  ;-) Complimentary salad is outstanding, as is the chocolate covered fruit.This is a classy, old school Vegas place that is worth the trip to the Four Queens.  Husband's favorite part is that he does not leave hungry, unlike some of the other "upscale" places in town.
2	Way too old school and average for the price.
5	Exceptional service. Affordable and extensive wine list. High quality food. Really good, highly recommend.
5	The perfect place if you want to relax and be pampered Old School Las Vegas style. no rush but attentive staff. Just tell Vincent what you are having and let him take over with a great glass of wine. stay for the Bananas Fosters table side show and have a heater Brandy. The experience is even better when you go during the week. It does get a bit loud on weekends. From Dean's smile at the bar when you walk in, to the team of servers who work flawlessly together to make your experience great. Hugo's Cellar is special so get dressed up and treat yourself.
5	hugos is in the four queens hotel/casino. their prices are right in line with Fremont st . when in Vegas definitely visit this place. the food is delicious and the service is better than the strip. don't expect to be treated like a whale, but its nice to hear please and thank you from the staff. also I liked that they brought drinks when we needed and had good intuition of when to check on our table...
5	Awesome atmosphere, great service, delicious meal.  Pricier than you might expect for the Four Queens, but worth every penny.
3	I have dined at hugos since they opened many years ago but the last 5 years it has been doo doo as far as quality of food and service...except for John, the sommelier .  But, we have to keep taking our out of town friends there as they have memories there too.  Last time we dined there, there was glass in our salads....the waiter could care less and the manager came in 45 minutes because he also works acrossed the street.  he said he would take the cost of one salad of the check...anyway, if anyone had good service please tell me...I have to go there again on Friday and I want it to be special.
5	I've been to Hugo's Cellar several times and have NEVER been disappointed completely and totally over the top and I loved every second of it.
5	Excellent!!! Loved everything about this place. Customer service and food were amazing. Loved the table side salad service. I ordered the 16oz. ribeye and my boyfriend ordered the beef wellington. Both dishes were delicious. The environment is quiet and a nice change from the loud Vegas places. Our tab came out to $150 that included our entrees plus drinks! Inexpensive for the quality and amount of food. We will definitely come back.
5	The food was excellent.  When you see the price of an entree it appears to be costly, then you find out that you get a huge salad made at your table, a little sherbet served between the salad and main course, then to top everything off chocolate dipped strawberries, dried figs and apricots.The waiters keep your water glass filled and anything else you need.  The long stem rose for the ladies is a nice touch.I had the prime rib served just as ordered and my wife the filet mignon which was perfect.This restaurant gives you both good food and tastefully extras.
5	The ambiance and charm of Hugo's Cellar is what makes it a new favorite of mine. My husband and I were celebrating the day we met 7 years ago, and wanted to go somewhere different and special. Hugo's Cellar was my choice. I loved every bit of the decor and style of the restaurant. It felt like it had been there forever, and that there was good reason for it. Vegas is so quick to demolish the old and put a new spin on everything, so I just love the coziness Hugo's exudes. We were greeted with sincerity, and I was given a rose as we were walked back to our table. I already knew what I wanted from studying all the Yelp photos and reading the reviews prior to arrival.  I ordered a Greygoose Orange Cosmopolitan, my husband had the Franciscan Cabernet. We started with shrimp cocktail (pass on this!), had the table side salads that were included with our entrees (my husband exclaiming it was the best salad he's had in his whole life- LOL!), I ordered the small prime rib med rare (yum) with a 1/2 lb. of king crab legs (omg yum), and my husband had the beef Wellington med rare. We were happy with everything we ordered. I found the food to not have much salt on it; which is a good thing if you're more health conscious, or prefer to add it yourself. My crab legs were pre split and fat with meat. Yum. - I love crab legs! I couldn't finish all my prime rib, so it was boxed to go. We saw a neighboring table order the bananas foster for dessert, and while it looked and smelled wonderful, we didn't have enough room. We shared a berry custard torte which was really good. After dinner it was fun to walk off our big meal and take in all the lights of the downtown area. Overall, we really enjoyed our meal at Hugo's Cellar. There are a lot of fantastic restaurants to choose from in Las Vegas, but if you're looking for something special with your someone special, look no further.  This is it.
4	After looking for the "most romantic restaurant in Vegas" I came across a few on the strip, and then I saw Hugo's Cellar.  I was intrigued by the old-school charm it seemed to have, and the yelp and travel advisor reviews were all positive so I thought I'd give it a try.The best part about this place is the location, the ambiance and the wait staff.  We were greeted sincerely, my wife was given a rose as we were seated.  The staff are all knowledgeable adults, not college kids looking to make a buck and move on.My wife loved the dark, cellar like decor, and it was a great quiet place for a romantic dinner.The food was really good, although I've had a better filet elsewhere, it was still delicious, and the portions were healthy.  After the bread, table side salad and sorbet palate cleanser, we were almost too full to even eat our entrees. But we managed.Overall, I will definitely recommend this place, and probably be back for another special night out with my lady.
1	We had the worst time at Hugo's Cellar!  This is the first bad Yelp review I've ever given (just to show you I'm not one of those picky people).We got there and were seated.  The sommelier didn't come by for 15 minutes!  We had three people come to our table asking if he had been there yet.  We were not happy from the beginning.When we saw the prices of the meals, it just got worse.  The food was okay.  Not worth the price.  The last two glasses of wine we poured (once we finally were served our wine) were filled with sediment.  The sommelier wasn't sympathetic.  He just said that he now knows not to serve that wine to anyone else.  That's it... no comp or anything.  I will never go back here!!!  I thank them for ruining my evening on Fremont street.
3	Wish I could give these guys a better rating. The place sounded like a cool idea, a little old school Vegas in an old school Vegas hotel/casino. Down in the "Cellar" as they say. The ambiance of the restaurant and decor was nice. Unfortunately some of the staff was really loud. They do a cool made to order salad at your table and the waiter doing it really seemed to enjoy his job. But he was so super loud and obnoxious. The salad was cool, but just not very tasty. The dinner was about $100 per person, I tried the Filet & the Lobster Tail. Portions were very good, but honestly I've had better steak at Sizzler and the Lobster tail was worth $12.99 not $80 for two. Probably won't go back, but it wasn't a horrible experience, just not worth what I paid.
2	The only reason that I gave them 2 stars is because of the service. If this review was based on the food quality it would be a single star. I have been going to Hugo's for 30 years and by far this was the worst food I ever had there. This food was way over priced for the quality. 2nd Street Grill at the Fremont across the street has a better quality steak dinner for 50% less. I was so dissatisfied with this visit. I know the new owners also own some bars in town: if they are trying to bring "bar quality" food to Hugo's, it's a big mistake. Sorry to say I will never go back to Hugo's.
3	I brought my boyfriend here last night for his birthday. I was really disappointed as several friends and family members have raved about the place. We started with the bread basket which was quite dry. Next came the salad which was ok but nothing amazing. I did enjoy the gentleman who made it  For our main course my boyfriend had the stuffed shrimp which was also very dry. We ordered a side of sauce but that didn't help much. I ordered the filet and shrimp au poivre which the best thing we had. It was good but I wouldn't say $58 good.  The complimentary chocolate dipped fruit is the reason I'm giving them a 3. That was pretty amazing and the manager took my boyfriends shrimp off the bill. Don't really think I will ever make it back here.
4	We spent Valentines Day here. It was very nice. A little bit of a rough start but a strong finish. We arrived and it took a few minutes to be seated. Understandable at it was a big night. Small line to get in. Each meal comes with a salad, breads. and starches. For an upscale Vegas restaurant, this was a nice touch.Some highlights (all included). Table side salad preparationSmall cone of sorbet to cleanse your pallet.Chocolate covered fruit for dessertOur meals were good. Rib Eye and Beef Wellington. Crab cake also good especially the sauce. I also enjoyed the white chocolate mouse cake. Drinks were very reasonable. Sodas were $2 and mixed drinks were $7.We commented that we thought the servers forgot about us as after we sat down no one came over for about eight minutes to greet us at table. Once they did service was fantastic. Annoying that there was no cell service which is ok on a romantic night. I would go back.
5	I swear I wrote and posted a long, long review of this place when I ate here back in November 2013 but it's gone!?!  I don't have time to rewrite it this second, but until I get a chance to update my review, just a few words (ok the review ended up longer than I expected, but that's kind of my MO):  Excellent.  Classic.  Amazing service.  Old-school charm.  Some of the best food I have ever had anywhere in the US or abroad (I had the filet and shrimp aux poivre, the steak was tender, the sauce delightful, the shrimp and steak both perfectly cooked).  The table side salad service was a show in itself - the guy who does it (can't remember his name) was born and raised in Las Vegas and has a wealth of knowledge about its history and funny personal anecdotes to tell if you are the kind of customers who want to hear that stuff (we were!).  It is worth going just to chat with him about old Vegas, Elvis, and the Rat Pack.  The meal and the experience were well worth the price - unlike other places in Vegas the price of your meal includes sides, bread, salad, and dessert (a plate of chocolate dipped strawberries, apricots, and a few other goodies).  You can order a dessert off of the menu, they looked delicious, but we were so full and so satisfied by the complimentary fruit that there was no need.  Drinks were very reasonably priced for a restaurant of this caliber.Our dinner here was THE HIGHLIGHT OF OUR TRIP to Vegas.  You won't be treated with this kind of sincere, genuine kindness and class anywhere else!  Don't let the old casino's cheesy facade and dated interior fool you, this place is top notch.  The ambiance is completely different once you go down the stairs to Hugo's.  They even give ladies a perfect, long-stemmed red rose upon entering the restaurant.  I felt like a queen when I dined here.  Everyone was so nice and friendly and welcoming - the employees, the other customers, EVERYONE.  It was like something straight out of a movie.If you have only one splurge dinner in your budget while you are in Vegas, skip the strip and come here.  Seriously, you won't be disappointed.  They've been in business this long for a good reason.
1	This place is very over rated. I can't believe how in the Hell this is 5 Star establishment. For starters they allow patrons w jeans which is no big deal but I've seen people there for dinner tank tops and t shirts and shorts and of course flip flops. Ok great not the biggest of deals. But when I order a $60 NY steak medium rare plus and it comes out rarer than rare well  not too happy . To make matters worse the waiter was non chill ant about it. " ok will get the chef to put it back on the grill for you " no apologies and no big deal from the waiter. Well there u go HUGO's here's ur one STAR review. No big deal .
4	4.5 Stars... Really, really good, but not *quite* "as good as it gets" because of a few small flaws which may have been flukes.  (Plus if I leave an empty star spot, my boyfriend whose favorite place in the world this is may take me back again to try it again in hopes of me being able to up my review, teehee!)We came on a date here on our first trip to Vegas together, and it was an amazing experience all around.    We had reservations so when we arrived we were promptly seated after my being greeted with a long stem red rose (which they do for all their women guests).  It's located beneath the  Four Queens Casino, and it's fun and a bit impressing to walk down the steps out of the noisy casino into the relative calm of the restaurant.   The atmosphere is dark, elegant, romantic, and classic feeling. The service was top-notch:  friendly, personable, just the right amount of refined to make you feel like you're eating somewhere fancy but not so much that you feel they're talking down to you, and on top of their game from start to finish.   The sommelier  was the same one that boyfriend remembers seeing when he came with his parents in his youth.   He was very nice and knowledgeable so I really hate to say this, but he ultimately ended up steering us into an off-menu wine that we *liked* but didn't *love* and that was significantly more expensive than the wines we had been looking at.   That's part of the missing half-star.It was my first table-side custom salad experience and I am now sold on it and think every restaurant should have one.  I ended up with a bed of greens topped with shrimp, hearts of palm, artichoke hearts, tomatoes, pickled red onion, blue cheese, pine nuts, caesar dressing, and parmesan.   There were lots of other toppings that I passed on, but I don't remember what they were - sorry.  I just remember these because it surprisingly ended up being one of the best salads I've eaten and I've duplicated it at home several times now.We ordered the Escargot as a starter, and it was melt in your mouth delicious. I love that they served it in an escargot dish surrounded by the perfect amount of sauce with the puffed pastry on top.  It made for a much cleaner presentation and easier to eat, rather than having to fish around in a sea of butter to fish out what may be a mushroom or an escargot.  Easier for those who are slightly squeamish about the idea of eating snails too:  less interaction and more enjoying the flavors.  This dish was beautifully balanced, light, savory, and just perfection.For our entrees we ordered the New York Strip, and the Rack of Lamb (and we split them).  The portions were generous and they both came with large sides of beautifully cooked vegetables and creamy mashed potatoes.  The rack of lamb was cooked to perfection and was such a treat.  I loved the Indonesian style sauce that came with it, but the boyfriend preferred it without - which was fine because the sauce was on the side.  I would definitely order this dish again and highly recommend it.    The New York steak was good - very good, but this is where it fell a bit flat for me.  I have to admit here that I've had better steaks that I've made at home - mind you, I've made some VERY NICE prime steaks at home so I'm a pretty hard sell.  Don't get me wrong, It was very good but not quite as good as it gets, so this is the other fraction of a missing star.  I did enjoy every bite of it (eventually, bc there were tons of leftovers lol).  NEXT TIME I plan on ordering the duck - apparently that's all they served when it first opened and everything else has been added over the years, so I'm betting they've got that down to perfection by now.  (And the boyfriend is going to order the lamb again and I'm going to make him share it with me.)After the meal they brought out a plate of complementary chocolate dipped fruits which was a very pleasant surprise and also the perfect 'little bit of something sweet but not too heavy because I just pigged-da'hell-out' end to the meal.All in all it was one of the favorite meals I've ever eaten. If I was reviewing a less expensive restaurant it would definitely be five stars - but given its price level my expectations are extremely high.  Even so, it only fell the teeniest bit short of absolute perfection and I can't wait to come back and have a 5th star wooed out of me.  :)
5	I have lived in Las Vegas for about 4 years and this was by far the best meal I have had here. The service, food and wine were excellent.  Hugo's Cellar is an old school dining experience. It is like going back in a time machine to how things used to be.The salad cart was an impressive and unexpected addition to a wonderful steak.  Both steaks were cooked perfectly and had a seasoning that matched the meat well.We dined late so we only waited about 10-15 minutes but if you want to visit during peak hours I advise making reservations.
5	Another wonderful throwback dinner. I actually prefer these places more than trendy places imported from other parts of the country. It's class all the way from the ladies receiving roses at the door to the table side salads, you will enjoy every moment. My steak arrived at the perfect delicious temperature and the complimentary dessert is a great surprise. Go there now!
5	Love this place.  Its so intimate and romantic.  Great date spot. The wine guy is amazing with pairing.  Every entree I have every tried there is spot on. I love the table side salad the dressing is something I crave.
5	by far the best restaurant I have been to in Las Vegas! The service is amazing. The staff is polite, funny, and super helpful. Than to top it off when amazing food and steak YUMMMMMMMMMMM
5	Wow!!! I took my friends here after their wedding. All I can say is I highly recommend this place. Your greeted at the entrance with a long stem red rose ..you're seated and they have a vase for you to hold your rose until you leave. You get a taste of some breads.. and the butter is shaped like a rose!! They keep your water and drinks full all the time. The staff here is amazing!!!! So nice and constant watching your table. It's pricey!! But so worth the special night.  They pull out a salad cart and make your salad table side. I loved it!! After your salad they bring u some sorbet to cleanse your palate and a hot napkin for your hands. My friend had lamb and his wife had steak and shrimp it comes with garlic red potatoes asparagus and rice . When the plates are placed before you,, you will want to get your camera!! not only is it delicious!  the presentation is gorgeous.your dessert is included it's chocolate. Dip figs strawberries This a place to go . And very candle lit . Sorta under ground. You won't be disappointed here :)
5	Excellent!  We had the filet and it was cooked perfectly.  This by far was our favorite dinning experience in Las Vegas.  It's tucked away from all the hustle and bustle of Vegas, in Four Queens on Fremont.  Our servers were fantastic!  The extra touches (each woman who comes in gets a rose, salad customized and made at your table, complimentary chocolate dipped strawberries, figs, and apricots) all really made the dining experience superb.  I finished with a brandy cappuccino, another slam dunk.  We didn't have reservations, but someone else didn't show up so they took us no problem.  Fantastic place!
5	Excellent service and food was delicious. We ordered the hot rock specialty for two, new york strip, and filet mignon! All cooked to perfection. Our waiters were so wonderful always friendly and making sure we were doing well.  We also ordered a couple of drinks at the bar and the bartender was so cool, he also came to our table to see how we were doing! Hugos is a hidden gem in the 4 queens! We will definitely bring family and friends back again.
3	The good:  great atmosphere, romantic setting.  The food and service was good.The not so good:  The food was just okay...not great.  My steak was underseasoned.  Salad was good, but not worth $18.  Complimentary dessert was okay, but nothing special. Overall, I think this place is just overpriced.  All the food was tasty,  but didn't impress the way an expensive meal should.  I had an incredible steak at The Flame at El Cortez, and would recommend going there for better food and better value.
5	Great experience.  Celebrated my wife's birthday and she was properly appreciative.  One of my top 3 dining experiences  in the U.S.- atmosphere, service and food were first rate.  I like Scoma's in San Francisco, Commander's Palace in New Orleans and Hugo's Cellar in Las Vegas.  Will go again when next in Vegas.
5	From the moment you walk down the stairs in the Four Queens Casino, you feel like you jumped back in time. The whole restaurant is dimly lit and has the original decor from the late 70's. Every woman is presented a long stem rose. The prices for each dish include everything which is bottled water, a full size salad complete with shrimp, eggs, and nearly anything else you can think of, sorbet for palette cleanser, entree with vegetable and potatoes or rice, and fruit dipped in different chocolates. We also ordered escargot, a bottle of wine, and pecan cheesecake. Left completely stuffed and thinking every penny we spent was well worth it.Our staff included 3 waiters and a sommelier who were charismatic and extremely friendly. Our next trip to Vegas will include Hugo's!
5	Best dinner salad I've ever had ANYWHERE
5	This was the BEST dinner I have ever had.  Amazing table side salad service, the best dirty martini in town (more like 3 servings) and perfectly cooked steak and the best king crab legs I have ever had.  They had chocolate dipped fruit for dessert included with the meal and raspberry sorbet between courses.  Our waiter has been there 20+ years and he was very polite and knowledgeable.  I can't wait to go back!
4	Service was good. Food was OK. We ordered the Chilean sea bass and the rib eye steak. Sea bass was average and the steak was decent. I've had better steak. We had the table side salad and my salad had a fishy taste even though I didn't get anything fishy. The sorbet to clean your palette after the salad was a nice touch. They have us a chocolate cheesecake for our anniversary and the chocolate dipped fruit with whipped cream.
3	Evening didn't start well. Waiter doesn't take the wine order yet he got to us first. He said wine steward did that and walked off. Problem was steward walked past our table of 4 twice waiting on the table directly behind us. Had to flag him down to take our order. Rude treatment by both waiter and steward, particularly waiter who acted put out with us and didn't listen as we ordered. Food arrived and was well prepared. But don't believe raves about salad...bunch of ingredients that don't work together though your choice on components. Coin toss on whether we'd bother returning given accessibility.
5	The restaurant had a nice, romantic vibe. The service was exceptional. We started with the mushrooms, which were delicious. The custom salad course was amazing. The steak was cooked perfectly. And the chocolate covered fruit was a nice addition. The raspberry lemon Martini was a delight. We finished with the chocolate mousse dessert. Yum!
5	Wow!!!!!! The reviews do not lie - this place is five star all the way!!!!  Who knew there could be life outside if the Strip, much less a fabulously amazing restaurant with impeccable service ???Tucked away in the four queens hotel, you walk downstairs and every lady is handed a long stem rose. You can take a prom photo at the stairs. :)The salad service was delicious. Best salad of my life!!The food is amazing and the presentations are creative and clever. We had an amazing experience here. Truly one of the most romantic restaurants in the world. World-class.
5	Amazing food!!  Located at the Four Queens Hotel in Downtown Las Vegas.  Our friends took my husband and I to this wonderful place and we were not disappointed.  It has an old Las Vegas feel, you think that you are back in the 1950's.  You will have a waiter, a server, and a wine sommelier.  Awesome. Come and enjoy this delicious meal.
5	Who knew there was an upscale restaurant in the 4 Queen's Casino?  As you walk in, it's dark (hey, it's a cellar) and the atmosphere is intimate and romantic.  I was given a rose when they seated us.The food was high class.  The waiter prepared our salad at our table.  I ate the beef wellington which was very tender and cooked perfectly.  There was a delicious half of a tomato that was breaded, seasoned, and baked that I loved.  The asparagus was ok - I'm not an asparagus lover.  My husband had some kind of a breaded veal dish (I don't remember the name).  It came with a king crab leg on top that he said was very yummy.  He also had asparagus which he didn't care for (I guess he's also not an asparagus lover).  For dessert, they brought us a tray of dried fruit dipped in chocolate.
4	Nice touch to give all the ladies a rose as soon as you walk in. The place is one if the first steak house and its got the rustic ambiance. The plates are about $48 and up but the serving is big & comes with salad.. Served table side. The servers are first class.I split my meal with my friend, we ordered a 16 oz ny steak and all of my other friends did the same. They charged us all extra fr the salad because we did not explain that we split that too, although they split the steak automatically. They removed it from the bill though so its all good. The place is cozy but the price is quite high, I've been to other steakhouses that are around the same price but the ambiance is better & they do more table side services plus it comes with more stuff. Overall, the steak was good.. I ordered the NY steak.
5	This was amazing!!  My husband got the prime rib, the waiter suggested they slow cook it and then grill it bc he could t decide between it and the ribeye. It was awesome!!!! I got the beef Wellington, it was great, but I liked his better. Comes with salad, which is made at your table side in a cart. There's a lot of things to choose from. Also comes with potatoes an veggies. AND dessert!! The raspberry martinis rocked and were strong. They give you the shaker, so you get 3 drinks out of it.
4	If you are looking for a great old school steakhouse Vegas style you've found the Holy Grail at Hugo's.  Larger than life steaks, prime rib and seafood served with wonderful sides like white/green asparagus and parsley potatoes. The salad cart is a treat as you choose your way through topping such as artichokes, tomatoes and house-made dressings. To top off your meal they deliver chocolate dipped strawberries and other tasty treats. The service is top notch and formal but not stuffy. They even start the meal for the ladies with a rose.
5	Hugo's Cellar is still one of my all time favorites.  The food is amazing, I almost always have the prime rib as it is the best I have ever had.  However they make a great beef wellington as well.  The service is always great, just as you would expect from an upscale restaurant, and I would venture to say that everything about Hugo's Cellar is every bit as good as you would get at any other higher priced upscale restaurant on the Strip.
5	Love old  school dark restaurants!This is a place to most def check out! Service is amazing and the food is heaven!Salad cart was a big huge surprise for us- they really make you the best salad at your table - it's huge! be careful dinner is still coming! I'm a sucker for prime rib and so is my family. The meat cut like butter and had great favor. The service was so refreshing- old school vibe and every restaurant should get training from them before opening! These people are beyond professionals ! Way to go!!Can't wait to come back here! Until then, I will dream about the salad cart :) lol
3	I think I know why people like this place. It is elegant, old school, nostalgic, and classy.  Their waiters wear tuxedo.  However, I've had better.I had the rib-eye and my friend got the filet with foie gras. First, my rib-eye was not medium rare - it was rare- and so I had to send it back. To me that was disappointing for the chef (or helper) to not get it right.  And the flavor was just alright. Oh they serve salad before hand and it was just alright.  I wasn't impressed.  They make it right in front of you which had its appeal.  The garnish was unimpressive.  The veggies were slightly overcooked.  My friend's foie gras were so small that it's like getting a thin slice of meat at the deli counter.  It wasn't worth what they were charging.  And because the piece was so small the flavor didn't stick out.  Honestly, I wouldn't go back.  I've had better steaks in LA and I bet I could get better elsewhere in Vegas.  Spend your money on the bigger restaurants like Bobby Flay or something.  The service to me was just ok. It took a long while for us to get service and greeted.  That was problematic for me.  So all in all, for experience sake, sure go here. But for really good food for the money that you will end up spending there anyway, go elsewhere.
5	When I was told the best restaurant in Vegas was in the Four Queens, I was extremely skeptical.  It isn't the best casino in town, and to say that it's a step up from a dump is a compliment.  However, when you get to Hugo's Cellar, and walk down those stairs, you're entering a whole different world.  Probably the best date restaurant anywhere!   They give all the ladies a red rose when you arrive.  Then they seat you and give you the menus.  You order, then a few minutes later, they come by with a salad cart and they prepare your salad tableside.  I've never seen anything like that.  Then after your salad, they bring you a palette cleansing mini-cone of sorbet.  Then they bring you your entree and the food is amazing!  And after dinner, they bring you a tray of dipped strawberries, apricots and figs with whipped cream.  It is very intimate and romantic.  You really need a reservation and still be prepared to wait a little bit past your time.  It is well worth the wait.  And all of the servers are top notch and very attentive.  The prices seem high, but for what you get, compare it to other top notch restaurants in the city, and you'll see what a great deal this is.
5	Fantastic dining experience that is well worth the price. Great service with delicious items and nice atmosphere. One of my favorites in Sin City!
5	This was our first time here and it was our 16th wedding anniversary!! I can't say enough about how amazing our experience was!!! My filet was huge and perfectly cooked to order at M-MW and they didn't butterfly it,  nailed it!!!!The service was above and beyond and that salad cart!!!!! YUM!!! We are regulars now!!!!!! The price per plate was comparable with other high end restaurants, but you get MORE than enough food!!! We were stuffed!!!!!!Thank Hugo's Cellar we look forward to coming back!!
5	Oh Hugo!!!!What can I say? Our time there was truly magical. My friends (3 of them) and I decided to make reservations to Hugo's Cellar on our most recent visit to Vegas. Upon arriving to our reso's, we were each given a long stem red rose. My heart immediately melted because really, who doesn't like flowers. We sat at a very nice table and had 4 waiters attend to each of us. It's like we each had our own waiter. We were given so many options, so many recommendations and so many choices. They explained to us that Hugo's was one of the last places that have continued their "special service" of table side salad, picking our own sides, and including dessert in our experience. We each ordered a dirty martini and not only was it delicious but it came out in the cutest container and crystal holder. (please see attached picture). It was like 4 martinis in one. My kind of drink! A nice gentleman came by and made our salad, asked each one of us what we wanted and what we didn't. It's tableside salad making in which you figure out how different you and your taste buds are than your friends. Haha! Of course, mine was the yummiest. After we finished the salad, we were give cutie patootie little tart sorbet ice-cream cones to clean our taste buds for our main dish. This was sooooooooo cool. I wonder why high end LA restaurants don't use this cool and cute tool. Anyhoo, My friend and I shared the Ribeye with crusted horseradish (16 ounces) YUMO! There is an additional $25 they charge for splitting your meal but it's soooooo worth it. They split it, everyone gets the same amount of sides (asparagus, rice, mashed potatoes). My other two friends split the Filet Mignon with crusted horseradish and theirs was just as delicious. Dessert came out a short time after. We got chocolate dipped strawberries, figs and chocolate dipped apricots with the MOST delicious whip cream you have ever tasted. Everything was so excellent. Service, service, food, service. They appreciated us as customers and we appreciated everything about them. The bill came and we were shocked! This time shocked because we didn't expect a place like this to be soooooooo reasonable. We love Hugo's Cellar and it's amazing staff. Keep up the great job.
5	Came here with girls on my most recent trip to Vegas. I had this place bookmarked for a while but was always so skeptical considering it's on Freemont(I'm so superficial. I know) I can tell you, it's a must to try this place!!! It's got a great old Vegas "Mob scene" feel and the service was extraordinary. They were so welcoming and incredible attentive to us. They have us each a rose when we walked in. They has 4 or 5 people attending  to us and we felt so special! I ordered the Filet with the horseradish crust and OMG!!! I'm salivating just thinking about it! They also brought us dessert that comes with all meals! To too it all off, it was so incredibly reasonably priced! So much so I didn't mind losing it at the slots after :-/I will definitely  return!
5	Hugo's is the best kept secret in Downtown Vegas...Tucked inside the old and rundown Four Queens Hotel and Casino, Hugo's is well known as one of the best steak houses in Vegas and in my opinion...the best. I have eaten here more then 10 times so trust me when I tell you that I have seen almost everything on the menu and I have never been let down. The food and service is amazing, top notch. Everything on the menu is perfect. You must try this restaurant and you can thank me the next day! Enjoy...
5	Need to find a place in downtown that is romantic? Then you have found the right place.Located in The Four Queens on Fremont St, you walk down some stairs and walk into a lobby with a few tables and a fireplace with a fire going. Everything is dim and all by candlelight which I love immediately. I came here with a party of 6 for my Birthday dinner and there were 3 ladies (including me) in our group and we each got a rose! How sweet. We had a reservation for 630pm and we were promptly seated.Our server was great and walking into this restaurant, you definitely get that old school vibe like how it was back in the 50's or 60's and that's how the server's were too. They wore tuxes and they were just a notch above. I ordered the Filet Mignon and it was cooked perfectly with a great juicy flavor. Oh yeah, and it was huge so definitely didn't finish it. LOL. When you order an entree, you get the pleasure of having a salad made at your table. It was a different guy that does this and he was hilarious! The salad was made just to how I like and it was great. After we were done with the salad, we were served sorbet to "cleanse our palates" and that was super tasty too! After our entree, we were served a selection of dessert items (chocolate covered strawberries, figs and apricots). And since it was my birthday, I got a slice of pecan cheesecake which was ridiculous! And I got sung too which made it even better!! Oh yeah and no cell service down here since it's in the "cellar". Kind of nice!This restaurant is the epitome of old school Vegas style and the romantic feel of it is top notch. The food fits right in and the service was impeccable. I can not wait to come back with just the Hubs for a romantic date night!
5	So in conclusion, this is a hide away place.  It doesn't have the glamour like the strip and it sure as hell isn't high tech where you press a button and a steak pops out.  No, what you get here is class, service, and a wonderful atmosphere.  A place that will whisk you away and for a moment you won't feel like you're in Vegas.  Their set course meal is the most reasonable.  Table side tossed salad, their signature prime rib and a dessert tray as well.  I do recommend getting their banana foster. It will melt in your mouth and leave you wanting more!
4	Awesome filet mignon - I mean it was huge at 10 oz. Tender, perfectly cooked to medium rare. The white and green asparagus was delicious, the garlic mashed potatoes were wonderful (and I don't even care for potatoes!). We started with shared escargot - also wonderful! Highly recommend them. The salad cart was outstanding, you can pick and choose. The dressing - a pepper ranch - was creamy and light, not too heavy. I ordered a side of crab cakes, but I would not go there again. Very fishy and the 3 of us couldn't down the 2 cakes. Too bad cuz a good crab cakes is worth the money. Stay away from these fishy little guys. Otherwise, service was outstanding and for the size of the meal and the fact that it is NOT ala carte, the prices are very reasonable.
5	Had the chateaubriand and lobster tail for two.  Excellent food in a cozy surrounding.  Entrees come with filtered water, small side dish, table made salad and dessert.  Prices are very reasonable for the quality and service.  Make sure to get a reservation as it is a small restaurant.  The restaurant has been around for longer than most of the casinos in town.
5	Diamond in the rough hidden underground at the Four Queens. Our group of 10 had a semi private room. Long stem roses for the ladies. Outstanding service from Greg Gene and Eddie. They were so fun. Martinis were recommended and enjoyed by all , from the raspberry lemon drop to the extra dirty, and those cute little ice buckets for your carafe!Table side salads were amazing. Was sad when my plate was empty. Everyone had some sort of steak or the duck. Excellent meal. I enjoyed the cellar cut prime rib. Outstanding. Still thinking about it the next day. The cherry on top was the bananas foster prepared right at your table. Best I've ever had. Totally full but gotta finish this dessert!Everything you'd ever want in a restaurant: great service, great food, great value. A memorable night for sure!
5	We have been coming to Hugo's for special occasions for the 26 years we have lived in Las Vegas. We love the atmosphere, the food, and the service! Along with the rose, fabulous table side salad, the sorbet to cleanse the palate, and the complimentary chocolate dipped fruit for dessert. We have never been disappointed.
4	One of our best wedding anniversary dinners took place here at Hugo's Cellar.  I made sure to make a reservation over a month ahead of time because I really wanted to take my wife here for our special day.They are located in downtown Las Vegas on Fremont Street inside the Four Queens Hotel.  The ambiance was almost perfect for a romantic dinner evening.  Felt like we had traveled back in time because of the decor and atmosphere.  They greeted my wife with a single long stem rose which made my wife very happy.The food was very good.  Their table side salad was excellent.  Our steaks were delicious.All evening, the service provided to us by the staff was top notch.  Very classy.Thanks for a wonderful and memorable anniversary dinner.  Hugo's Cellar is a fine establishment to take your special someone for that special occasion.
4	We had very reliable food.  Nothing made us go wow.  Reminded us of eating on the cruise ship.  The salad that everyone talked about was a little lack luster.  Not many normal salad veggies (no cukes, olives, carrots, peppers) but the concept was great.  Food was presented in a timely manner.  The servers were very friendly.  There was little seasoning on the beef (I had an end cut of prime rib and my  husband the filet de beouf.)  Mashed potatoes, wild rice, and veggies were good.  Fruit platter was good.  Brought us a piece of cheesecake because it was our anniversary.  Very thoughtful.  Overall it was good...  Just not WOW.
5	Best martini's anywhere.  Best Steaks anywhere.  Best Salad Anywhere.  These guys knocked it out of the park - again!  Very special place that we will return to again, and again.  C. Best Boise, ID
5	Absolutely incredible gem hidden in the  Four Queens casino. This is an old school restaurant, the kind you can imagine Robert Deniro and Joe Pesci dining at. Every woman is given a red rose at the door. They have dishes you don't often see anymore such as Veal Oscar and Beef Wellington. The service is impeccable, the food is heavenly and I love the little touches, such as sorbet to cleanse the palate, chocolate covered fruit after dinner and hot washcloths. I just can't rave enough about this place! Going back already next Sunday!!!
5	Dean is my favorite bartender in Las Vegas. Sit down at the bar before or after your meal for and amazing cocktail.
5	Delightful. I loved the salad, made to order.Clense your pallet with sorbet ( could have been served in a crystal, not a cone)  My server, Anthony,  has been here 11 years and he's low man on the totem pole, with other servers having more than 20 years.  Table #36 straight ahead,  up against the back wall. Highly recommend that spot. Although I was dining alone,  Anthony gave me a rose, maybe I'll find a lovely lady to give it to along Fremont steel.
5	This is my favorite steak house in Vegas. Food is amazing! The filet mignon is so tender and flavorful. The service is great, especially the ladies getting a rose at the front when you come in. Very classy place.
5	Another 5-star experience at Hugo's Cellar. The meal was perfect, as was the service.  This is a #1 dining spot for me and my wife.
5	We had a party of 4 it was my mother in laws 60th birthday. Honestly this was the best dining experience I've ever had! No words! Come here for sure
5	Hidden gem on the old strip.  This place is pricy, I mean damned pricy, so be prepared for that.  Either hit the tables at the 4 Queens hard and often to get a meal comp'd or pony up for this great experience.  This is the quintessential 'old vegas' experience.  When you walk in, you can soak in the sight, sounds and smell and instantly wonder what it must have been like 60-70 years ago in that very spot.  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  However, why not go after the real mccoy?  Get a bourbon on the rocks and one of their primo Filets.  They even give fresh roses to the lady in your life.  Surely, they will dig it as well.  Also worth noting - The Salad Cart.  Sounds odd...but do it.  You build your own creation table side and enjoy while the meal is being prepared.  Unlike the restaurants namesake...my review couldn't be any higher.  Visit Hugo's Cellar.
3	Not sure why all the rave reviews.  We eat out often and are accustom to great dinning. We drove from the strip to Freemont Street and went into the casino.  Walking into the cellar they presented me a rose which is a nice touch but after that it was all uneventful.  This is not a Four Seasons dinning experience( Four Season in Philadelphia).  They poured us bottled water and put out lavash and hard cold bread.  We ordered our meal quickly and it was a long time before they came over with the salad cart.  Nice idea but  would have been nicer on a cold plate.  The salad dressing was unremarkable.  The next course was a intermezzo in a cone(very cute)but the tray could have been cleaner. My husband asked to have a glass of Cabernet with his dinner and the waiter came over when his meal was 75% completed and asked him what he would enjoy. Really you even have a sommelier with a tastevin.The steak came out done perfectly executed  but the side vegetables were like mush. Then it was time for dessert which was a nice touch, strawberries, figs and apricots dipped in chocolate. Not one time were we approached till the end while we were walking out did they ask if our dinners were acceptable.  They were not even crowded. Overall it was just okay....prefer Fleming's or Morton's.
4	Very good food. Very good service. Very high prices to the point of the cost being higher than what you get. Only go here if you have been a winner gambling and your looking for a way to blow your winnings.
3	Very nice atmosphere located below a dumpy casino...   the portions are huge and it is a throwback atmosphere to the old days.  Service is 5 star all the way and I love how the prepare the salad tableside allowing each person to choose their ingredients... that was awesome.  Giving it 3 stars just because I wasn't blown away by my lobster medallions dish, which was a little rich for my taste personally.  (Heavy sauces)  Everyone else left so full we didn't want to eat for 2 days... Not to say it was bad, but I would try something else next time.
5	We had dinner here, I had the Filet Mignon and my wife had the stuffed Shrimp, both were EXCELLENT, they gave my wife a RED ROSE, when we arrived. The over all experience was FABULOUS..!
2	Took my wife there for a romantic dinner following a week long trade show. Her only request was "somewhere nice with Beef Wellington". After an extended wait for entrees, with empty wine glass in hand and watching tables that were seated after us receive their meals, we were finally presented with our steaks. Upon cutting into her's the wife realized the pastry portion of the Wellinton was still doughy and the steak very very rare. My prime rib was one of the fattiest cuts that I have ever encountered. I realize that Prime rib is a marbled cut but this was mostly fat! Entrees were accompanied by overcooked veggies and lackluster mashed potatoes. We seemed to have no less than 3 people waiting on us at one time or another, at least until the steaks were served, yet none bothered to ask how was our meal and thus couldn't complain. My wife peeled off the dough and ate the outer, more done portion of the steak.  I would have had another glass of wine but never got the chance to order one. Had to basically tackel "a" server for the 2nd glass prior to the entrees.  Never saw the servers again until we disgustedly asked for the check. The only high points were the salad prepared tableside and the shrimp cocktail. Hence the 2-Star score for Food. Sub-par Service and Food. Very disappointed considering the choices we had in Vegas.
5	Great experience.  NY strip steak well prepared and tasty, sides great, and the salad excellent.  Great service including an extra complimentary dessert to celebrate our occasional. Price was consistent with the level of quality and service.  Don't overdress -- we wore coat and tie and dress and probably the only ones in the place.  Business casual would have been fine or a sport jacket.  I'd go back, great steak!
5	So we were celebrating a family reunion in Vegas. We made the reservation for 8 and then it became 10 when we called a few hours before the reservation. It was no problem at all. We waited at the bar for 5 or 10 minutes and had a great round of drinks. And coming from New York, they were reasonably priced.  The host then handed all the ladies a single red rose and we were escorted to our table. The table was in a private room and our roses were placed in vases in the center of the table. So pretty. The service was impeccable, and the prices were great BECAUSE it was NOT ala carte. So refreshing.  When you order your entree, you get salads and sides. The salad was wheeled over on a cart and the waiter puts whatever you like in it. Before you get the main course, there was an intermezzo palate cleansing lemon sorbet cone given out as well. Very nice touch. The main course was delicious. We all got filets. Some were wrapped Wellington style but all cooked perfectly. At the end of the meal they put trays of chocolate wrapped strawberries, figs and apricots on the table. We had a memorable, special evening. I would go back any time.
5	The service here was PHENOMENAL. Our waiters were incredible, and I *loved* all the little touches like the table side salad (AMAZING!), the sorbet, the flambee table-side, the chocolate covered strawberries...The ambience was wonderful, everyone there was so friendly...I LOVED EVERYTHING ABOUT THAT!The food was just "OK" though. My boyfriend got rib eye and garlic mashed potatoes. The rib eye was decent and the mashed potatoes got cold very quick. I got the duck and boiled potatoes. The duck was a bit dry and the potatoes were bland.With the desserts, the chocolates were already super-hard, so it wasn't fresh-dipped. Even the whipped cream was kind of hard.I loved the salad, especially the pine nuts.For best FOOD on Fremont, I'm a huge Vic and Anthony's fan. It's amazing. But the experience here was outstanding!!! We'll definitely go again. :)
5	Such a lovely, hidden gem that I'm kinda of kicking myself for taking so long to try! The staff made an impressive experience out of every aspect of the meals. Roses for the ladies, flowered-shaped butter, elegantly set tables, sorbet between courses for a palette cleanser, chocolate covered fruit at the end - every detail was attended to. All of the food was so delicious. We started off with several seafood appetizers - the chilled seafood trio was outstanding! Table-side salads def live up to the hype. I was disappointed they were out of beef wellingtons (never had one), but I had a hunch with a late reservation that might happen & had the steak aux poive as a backup - it did not disappoint. Next time, we'll make an earlier reservation to make sure I get to try a Wellington. The drinks were quickly refilled and poured with a strong hand... Because the service here is just amazing. Really wonderful, professional, attentive and personable waiters here. I think we had Oscar and Victor looking after us. And even though you probably won't have room for dessert - try to power through it - they are as delicious as everything else was. It was such a special night, a dining experience like I've never had before. We had a group of 6 and it was everyone's first time here and we all loved it. It will definitely be on the itinerary for our annual trip to Vegas!
4	This is one of the last places downtown that I really can say is great for fine dining. Atmosphere is kind of interesting has that cave felling of old Vegas. Steak was well prepared and decently priced. Love the old style salad live prep bar.
5	We had a wonderful dinner at Hugo's. The service was excellent, and the food was delicious. Thank you for the red roses!
5	We have been going to Hugo's almost every year for the past 15 years.  The food is always good and the service is beyond words!  Victor is a SUPERSTAR and Oscar and Jaimie are exceptional.  This place has that old Vegas feel which nothing on the strip can top.  Could you find more innovative food in town?  Perhaps, but nothing will compare to the overall service and atmosphere of Hugo's.  I am just lucky that I live here now and can go more than once a year.
5	I cant say that I loved the Freemont Street area (really really not my thing) but we had an incredible meal at Hugo's Cellar which made the trek downtown all worth it. We didnt know it at the time, but Hugo's Cellar turned out to be the best dinner we had on our trip. The ambiance was incredible, the service was wonderful, and the food was amazing. It has a special "old world" charm to it and, in my opinion, is a must visit for any foodie traveling to Las Vegas.Just a note: dont let the casino (Four Queens) or the downtown area in general deter you from dining at Hugo's Cellar. Its a quiet, charming, and classy restaurant in the midst of a less-than classy area. Food musts: the escargot & the table-side salad. Never in my life did I think I would rave about a salad like I have about the one at Hugo's Cellar. Its what all salads should strive to be like.
5	This place is always our "fancy" dinner while visiting Vegas!  Every lady receives a rose while being seated. We always think about the taxi driver who recommended this place years ago, otherwise,  we may have never heard of this gem.  The salad cart is always fun for a custom made salad and the sorbet to cleanse the palate is always my favorite.
5	One of the best gems of Las Vegas. Good date spot or a big group in the private dinning room. Wine selections is great. You have to try the hot rock appetizer.
3	I just first want to say that this is not the type of review I thought I would write for HC because I have enjoyed it in the past but that was a long time ago so I have to treat my current experience separately. I also understand that It was getting close to closing so we get that the staff may be tired or not on their game. My big pet peeve is the hostess staring at you like she has no idea why you are coming towards her. If I ran a restaurant the hostess would lead the conversation not wait for you to inform her that you are there to eat at her restaurant. They presented my Wife with a rose which was a nice touch but the stem looked as if it came from a corn field. A little cut would have been better. We felt we had a sunflowers towering over us the whole time. We were seated and met with a couple different staff members who all tried to get us to buy alcohol and then had a look of disappointment when we declined as we always do. After a longer than I would have liked wait, we were asked to give our order. I have a Strip Steak and my Wife the prime rib. Before hand they brought out a salad bar and made our salad's before us which was nice. Everything was fresh and was well prepared. Then they presented us with what can only be described as a tart, raspberry sorbet.  This was a pallet cleaner, I decided to leave mine dirty after one bite. Our steaks finally came out and the first thing we noticed is how hot they were. I've been to enough steak houses to know that it was an abnormal temperature. We wondered if they had put it in a microwave. Pure speculation. Though the steaks in general were good but my strip steak was just a little tough in the initial cut. We declined dessert and handed the waiter our CC to pay. It must have taken him 10 minutes to come back. Again too long and he took my ID with him. I just feel like when you're running a business there should always be someone there to take the money. Anyway, a three for me. No Lawry's that's for sure. That place knows how to run a restaurant. I wanted to give it a four but too many details overlooked.
4	The ambiance and the romantic atmosphere was wonderful!! The food was exquisite and the service was impeccable. The people were friendly and it was classy yet comfortable. The only thing they forgot it was my birthday which is just fine. I would like to forget it too!!! Dessert was decadent!!
5	We were a party of seven people 4 females and 3 males and when we entered Hugo's right away we were greeted by Dean (the best bartender in Vegas). We all enjoyed not only the great drinks but the comedic stylings of Dean....hilarious!!!! Once we were seated, which did not take much time at all, we were greeted by a team, yes, a team of servers that were there for our entire evening. From the warm delicious bread to start, I knew we were in for a culinary treat. Next were the salads, hand prepared by one of the servers, and made to your own specific order, the salads were wonderful. Then we were treated to a raspberry sorbet to cleanse our palates before our main courses were brought to out table. All I can say is the main courses which included Filet Mignon and Crab was over the top AMAZING!!!! Then the final treat was two platters filled with chocolate dipped strawberries, figs, and sliced apricots. WHAT AN EXPERIENCE !!!!!! Great place to dine!!!!
3	This is the hardest three star review I've rated because I actually loved the place.First, the ambience is great. Located in The Queen casino, you walk into a candlelit cave of old school class. The staff is friendly and professional.Second, the intangibles of Hugo's are fantastic. Each entree comes with a made to order salad prepared at your table-side that was surprisingly filling and delicious. Between courses they provide you with a sorbet palate cleanser. The reason I couldn't give a review higher than three stars is due to the steak quality. I had the ribeye and the gf had the filet mignon: both were okay but not great. Better than a chain restaurant but no where near the quality you would expect from $50+ steaks. This is unfortunate because everything else was done so well but they failed to stick the landing where it matters most. Bottom line: loved everything except for our entrees. If you're going to try Hugo's, be prepared to be charmed and order something else besides the steaks.
4	The food was ok, but not worth the very expensive prices.  I realize they are charging you for the "experience", but I don't think it would be worth doing more than once.
2	My wife and I went there on Saturday night before going to see O.  Had reservations for 7 nice booth was ready for us and she was greeted with a nice long stem rose.  Place was very busy and service was terrible.  Only bright side of the service was John the Sommelier.  Only thing neg about him was it took about 30 minutes for him to come to our table.  Our waiter rec we skip him and just let him pick us a wine... he brought out a Robert Mondavi I smirked and said please go get the Sommelier.  He rec a great bottle from Napa.  So 1 hour into our evening and we have our wine and bread still waiting on the shrimp scampi and the crab cake.  The whole night it felt like we were forgotten about was very disappointing.  Finally the apps arrive both tasted good no complaints.  This time we are almost at 2 hours in the cellar and I'm beginning to get inpatient but the rave reviews I have read on Yelp had me looking forward to our main courses.  They arrived I ordered the 16 oz NY and the wife ordered the beef wellington.  The 16oz NY was VERY disappointing not sure they seasoned the steak with any salt and pepper.  It was cooked prefect medium rare which is what I ordered but was missing flavor.  Also I expected a much better quality of steak.  I would have graded the steak Choice or select far from the dry aged prime discribed on the menu.  I ate about 1/4 of the steak the mashed potatoes were very buttery and fatty.  They shimmered in the lighting.  My wife ordered the beef wellington and she was pleased with the taste and flavor of it.  I tried it and also thought it was very good.  finally finished the main course 2.5 hours into the evening had to rush out to make it to our 10 O'clock show.... Never again unless you like a 2.5 hour dinner I would look somewhere else.  Don't order a NY steak you will likely be disappointed.
4	We went to dinner here on Sunday night at 6.  We had a reservation and they sat us immediately and gave me a red long stem rose.  Nice start so far.  The restaurant is in an unusual lower part of The 4 Queens Hotel which does kinda feel like your in a cellar.  We had a booth along the wall.  The service was top notch from the beginning to the end.  We had a busser that brought bread and water, a server that took our order, a man that had a rolling salad bar that had tons of goodies to choose from that he made at your table.  I ordered the bacon wrapped 10 ounce filet and crab, I talked my husband in to the Chilean Sea Bass.  Both entrees were served piping hot and they were delicious and cooked perfectly.  The portions were huge on the fish and the steak was def at least 10 ounces.  Both our sides came with the entree and both were very good, I had garlic mashed and he had rice.  My glass of wine was very reasonable at $6 a glass.  The best part though was my husband ordered a martini and it came and included a crystal ice bucket to hold part of the martini and keep it cold..  REALLY IMPRESSIVE idea (we think any way :))! With the meal, they included chocolate covered strawberries and figs, that was a nice touch..  We both had an entree, I had one wine and he had 2 martinis, our bill without tip was $149, which I felt was fair for the level of service and all the little extras we seemed to enjoy.  Def not somewhere you'd probably go once a month but I saw a lot of folks celebrating anniversaries, great place for special occasions.   I would have given it 5 stars had the bathroom not been FOREVER away... this type of establishment should have its own restroom but it is old and space is limited so I doubt it's an option.
5	This place is a dining experience. The waiters are all in tux's the foods is amazing and  fantastic we had filet Mignon's with berniasie the most beautiful steaks and beautiful ambiance. I was waiting for Frank Sinatra in the rat pack to walk in. nostalgia top to bottom, defiantly a class act all the way  we will definitely plan a return trip every time we go to Vegas this place is hidden in the 4 queens hotel basement on Fremont st.
5	One of the best steak steakhouses in downtown las vegas, it's definitely smart to split a plate, steaks are a real good size :)  Would recommend this place if you're in downtown las vegas for a special occasion or celebratory dinner :)
3	After reading good reviews on yelp, we decided to give it a try.  The food was pretty good, but the price was hefty so maybe even on that count.  The staff was friendly enough, but they need more training to pull off a high quality experience.  They were Denny's quality servers. Took a lot of the romance and fun out of it.  Also we were quoted "policy" that we order appetizer and meal at the same time.  A clear effort to turn over tables quickly.  Similarly priced places would never do this.
5	Hands down one of our favorite places in Vegas. From the time you walk in the door till you walk out, you are showered with hospitality. Victor the gentleman who prepared our salads table side was by far the most amazing person we have met in Vegas. The food is amazing and cooked exactly as asked. We definitely will make this a regular stop while visiting Vegas!  We stepped back into time while enjoying great people and great food!
4	Food was wonderful, tableside preparation of the "hot rock" and Caesar salads were great. Waiters were attentive and dressed better than most of the clientele. Hugo's is a great place for a romantic dinner- except when redneck loud ass uncouth slobs are taking a break from Wal-Mart and "gracing" us with their presence. Would have been 5 stars, but Hugo's really needs to make more of an effort to control the loud white trash that periodically infiltrate an otherwise great local dining establishment.
5	This venerable institution of fine dining never ceases to impress. As a local I've been a frequent guest on many of occasions and each meal has left me filled not only in appetite but with an incredible dinning experience. From the onset with the woman receiving a rose to the table side salad made to order, well aged steaks to the delectable desserts Hugo's never fails to impress.
4	Heard about this place from a friend and I am glad that we finally tried it out. Awesome food and awesome service!! Love the old school feel that the restaurant gives. We will definitely be back.
5	Hugo's was recommended to us by my boyfriend's parents.  We called at about 8:30pm about getting a table for that night and they were happy to put in a reservation for us.  When we arrived I was given a long stem rose and we were escorted to our table where there was a vase for my rose.  We had about three different waiters helping us and each one was so nice and clearly put service first.  We had the crab cake appetizer which was amazing.  The salad that each meal comes with was one of the best parts.  They make the salad tableside individually for each guest.  There are many toppings to choose from or have them all.  My boyfriend doesn't like salad dressing so they offered to freshly squeeze lemons onto his salad, he loved it.  For the meal I got the filet mingon with bernaise sauce.  It was one of the best pieces of meat I've ever had.  The bf had the beef wellington which was also amazing.  Even the masked potatos and veggies that it comes with are great.  They brought a hot towel to wash your hands with before dessert.  Then dessert is a complementary chocolate dipped dried apricot, fig, and strawberry.  One of each for each guest.  And fresh whipped cream.  It was so good.  We will definitely be back here.  It is also perfect for a special occasion.
5	Beautiful Mahi, garlic mashed potatoes were fabulous, tableside salad wonderful, bartender is matched by none.  This is a gem in downtown with a classy, old world vibe to celebrate with Friends.
4	We were downtown looking for some meat, after seeing all the positive reviews from fellow yelpers, we gave Hugo's a try.  The locations a little odd in the bottom of the four queens and the decor maybe getting a little dated.  However, I thought the service was a solid 5 stars and the food 4.  The table side salad was nice and the server Victor was such a character.  I'd order the salad just to talk with Victor, he is what I would expect to be a classic Vegas persona.    In between the salad and main course they bring out the tiniest lemon Sorbet to clean your taste buds.  Never had something like that before and thought it was a nice touch. My lady friend ordered the prime rib, which was huge.  She thought it was good but maybe a tad tough.  That sucker had to be over a pound.  I opted for the beef Wellington, I thought it was good, better then the Wellington at Gordon Ramsay steak at Paris.  Ramsays steak is really good,overall better, but Hugo's to me is classic Vegas.  They aren't wowing you with the decor and a fancy meat cart.  It's excellent service backed up with good food.  The price was actually really good, when you consider the meal includes salad and sides.
5	Loved this restaurant. They hand out red roses for the woman. Decor is elegant and dark. Reminds you of old vegas. Food was great. Victor was an awesome server. He made our salad tableside. I had salmon, date has filet mignon and both were cooked perfect and tasty. Dipped strawberries for dessert. It was a wonderful meal on new years day. I will make it a point to eat hear again. Soooooo good!
5	Wow, never a bad meal, but you pay for it. The food was wonderful last night from the custom salad, to the chocolate dipped figs. The service was amazing, you do not have to ask for anything, the servers are 5+++ as they are the most attentive I have ever seen, and they are smiling to boot.The food is really good, and everything is clearly fresh and not rubbery or ready made tasting. We had a very nice unrushed dinner, but as I mentioned before they are in the $40 and up price range for your meals. Not too bad for the quality of food and service. It is just a bit high when you think of Vegas.I come everytime I come to Vegas, as everyone deserves a nice dinner from time to time and I consider Hugo's to be a treat. Just don't forget to get your parking validated when you settle your check.
5	omg awesome thank you, great bday dinner, the table side salad bar was amazing! of course i got beef wellington insane,, sierra got tuna with crab meat,, the waiter vincint rocked and gave us history on the restaurant... bring my cousin back next time
