5	This was my very first spray tan....Lindsey was awesome!!  And patient with my silly "first timer" questions.  The tan turned out GREAT.  I used the lightest color and still looked tan.  It is so natural looking with no streaking.  I have since recommended Bronzed Bella to my friends and family.  Lindsey will be giving me and my bridesmaids a tan before my wedding.  Looking forward to it!
5	I had my airbrush tan appointment last week, and I was waiting to give a review until after my commercial shoot to let you know exactly how it went. I was skeptical at first, but it ended up exceeding my expectations and was well worth it!Though I am not shy, it is definitely something for anyone because you can decide how much you want to expose. The actual spraying took about 15 minutes followed by a couple minutes of drying before you get dressed. The technician was professional and really knowledgeable. She even sprayed in a way that contoured my body and looked great for the shoot!As a plus, I was pleased with my immediate color! I had done it a few days before I needed it because I had expected to be a terrible orange all day and then fade to a natural tan in the next few days but the color was gorgeous from day one. It has been 5 days now and I am still definitely tan, it didn't rub off on my clothing at all. I loved the results and am now sold on being a loyal customer. It was so natural I'll be doing it all the time. It's not just for special occasions. Hooray no more sunburns!
5	I have had numerous spray tans, ranging from orange and catastrophic to so-so and they wash off in a day or two. Lindsay's has BY FAR been the best spray tan. I made sure to exfoliate well the night before with some Strawberry Hedgehog scrub, and lotion up so my skin was nice and ready. I didn't end up with orange thumbs, weird ankles or splotchy feet. It's fading beautifully as the days go by, and has lasted through sweat, tiger balm and shaving. I highly recommend her for tanning, regardless of if you just need a little glow, or you are getting ready for an event, or your wedding!
5	I've used Bronzed Bella twice now and absolutely love it. Great result, no orange, no streaks and it lasts a long time. I recommend this to everyone that is considering any other type of tan whether it's spray or fake bake. Must try!
5	Lindsay, the absolutely amazing owner of Bronzed Bella applied my organic spray tan today. I could not be any happier with the process. She's so professional and a wealth of knowledge!  I look forward to my next spray tan!
5	Bronzed Bella is by far the most amazing and convenient way to look your absolute best. Not only is Lindsay, the founder and owner, professional and knowledgeable, but she makes the process so simple; there is absolutely no need to feel self conscious during your appointment. I would recommend Bronzed Bella to any of my friends and family!  Excited for my next appointment!
5	Perfection! Home visits are the best. I can dry at home with no worries. It smells great, looks amazing and she customizes to your desires. I am a fake bake aholic and this is by far the best.
