4	Being a member of Costco does not only mean you will get a great deal on a jar of mayo equal to about ten it also means free samples. As in food samples! You come here on weeknight or better yet on a weekend and their will be carts everywhere with food samples. You can fill up for free on a bunch of tasty cuisine items! They have a little bit of everything here. Grocery store known for huge quantity items, clothing, electronics, drugstore, picture printing, jewelry, furniture, books, and things for around the house. I actually don't have a membership I just go with my mom and sponge off of hers. I am not ashamed! Another great thing about Costco is the cafe. It's not really a cafe more like a cafeteria, but the food is good and also super cheap. You can get great deals on whole pizzas or hot dogs, pretzels, frozen yogurt, and more. Most things on the menu are a whole dollar. So if the samples didn't do the job you can still eat here for super cheap. Wal Mart has added Sam's Club to the scene which is a direct copy of Costco, but you know Costco was first and in my opinion is better!
3	just like any other costco. negative points for not having belvedre that i can buy at the bay area costco locations. plus points for having a rather large wine selection instead.
5	Pretty much no shopping experience makes me as happy as going to Costco. Their pizza is reason enough not to jump. Big portions of life make me happy. I like the fact that it's membership only. Keeps the riff raff at bay. F-ing riff raff. What is riff raff? I can't think of one negative thing to say about except that the female employees don't seem to like being stared at by my weasely eyes. GOSH!
5	Love it!  If you're a member, you get coupons in the mail, and occasionally coupons for free stuff...something Sam's doesn't do.My friend first told me she thought she might be pregnant here.  (I suggested she get the Costco sized variety pack of pregnancy tests but she thought otherwise...)Accepts credit cards, but only AMEX as far as I know.I get my tires, much of my food, my TV, some clothes, booze, plants, etc all  here.  I heart Costco!(One good thing/annoyance is when you get tires, they fill them with Nitrogen.  Lasts a long time, but most of the quickie oil change type places refuse to put regular air in your tires when you need a fillup..even though it's supposedly ok to do so)
4	Does anyone remember Price Club? Back when I was a wee lad my mother would make a monthly pilgrimage to the Price Club about once a month to stock up on Kool Aid and toilet bowl cleaner. I was always so amazed going there as the ceilings were are high as I had ever seen. I felt so small and amazed that there was so much for everyone. Now as a large adult I still get that same feeling going into Costco. So much for so little and enough for everyone. I just love Costco, friendly staff and huge aisles though I  don't think that matters much cause most are so much in awe at Costco they just stand there in the middle of the aisle. Who can blame them.. they feel the love.
4	Costco is well worth the membership, now they have an ever growing selection of organic stuff. I love to buy the organic rasberries there. Its like 9 bucks for a pillow case of them. I put them in my morning oatmeal, it cools the oatmeal a litttle and thaws the berries. I also put a cup in a cup of vanilla soy milk and a splash of OJ. Blend and its a delight, with plent of vitamins and protien.Everywere else the organic or even non organic is 5x's the amount.They go quick so I would buy 2.Another thing I love there is tampons, Im a lesbian so with 2 girls you can spend a lot of money in stupid cotton things with a string. Shouldnt it be handled by insurance?Anyway enough about weird personal shit. Check out the new organic stuff at costco :)P.S. the gas at the one on elliott is like 20 cents cheaper than everywhere all the time
3	This review is strictly for Costco on Saturday mornings.. its a raging fucking zoo complete with kids, old people and free food samples. Seriously, there was a line for Uncrustables.. the PB&J crust less sandwiches.. come on! Costco on Saturday mornings feels so small.
2	The sample grandpas and grandmas looked so sad. I felt bad and guilty that they had to do that as work. One grandpa was cutting up granola bars with all of his might.  I wanted to give him a round of a plause.  Everyone here was old and Caucasian. Some of the sample ladies spoke to me and my mom as if we just came off the boat or something speaking very slowly and clearly...THISSSS   IS    BAGUETTE... WHICH IS BREAAAD FRESH DAILLYYYY.I wanted to take the La Brea Bakery baguette and smack her across the face like Homey the Clown and say, WHYYY AREEE YOUUUU TALKINNNG TOO USSSS LIKE WE ARE A PETTTT???? Or I would have said... you know, you are using this under the name of La Brea Bakery, which is a well known brand from Los Angeles, now do you just use their packaging or is it because you want to act like your LA since Scottsdale is faux Hollywood?Damn me for being the passive aggressive Asian I am. o___OApparently we were the ethnic delegation at Costco for the day.
5	I LOVE COSTCO!!!!!!!!!!  I could freakin LIVE HERE.  I get so excited to go here, its not even funny.  OMG.Ok, so my mom's in town and shes a costco member.  She KNOWS I live for this place.  Of course, its set up like all the other ones, but shopping here can't be beat.Granted, we went on Christmas Eve, and it was SO busy!  But, its always busy at costco, so its not a surprise.  They carry everything I need, and I love it here.  Lots of stuff to buy, including booze, food, gas, and the obvious other items that are sold here.Totally worth the membership, as long as you don't mind being around lots of people.
4	Great place to buy bulk stuff.
5	Costco kind of reminds me of a Las Vegas casino.  When you are in there, time ceases to exist.  You have no concept of how long you have spent meandering up and down each and every aisle, gawking at all of the amazing stuff.  When you finally leave, you stumble out into the parking lot a bit dazed.  Where else can you buy wine (woo hoo they have Conundrum!), a TV, designer denim, dog treats, gas and outdoor lighting all in one place?  Add to that the free samples and their gigantic slices of pizza and you have a recipe for time suckage the size of the Bermuda Triangle.  Yep, I love it.
4	I came here specifically for the optical services. I have always had good experiences with the Costco back home so I didn't hesitate to come to this location. The prices are affordable and they really take care of their customers. I went in to sign up for a membership ($50 for a year) and the employee that helped me was very genuine and helpful. I made an appointment for an eye exam for the next week. Today I went in for the contact lenses exam. The receptionist was friendly and put me at ease. He joked with me about something he saw in the paper and made me laugh. The doctor was great. He asked me a bunch of questions to make sure I got what I needed and was completely satisfied. The exam was $74 and that included two travel size contact solutions and my first pair of contacts.I was very satisfied with the experience and I will definitely be returning their to get new contacts and for other shopping needs. My only issue with the Costco franchise in general is that they ONLY take check or cash, but besides that I left a happy camper more than wiling to return.
4	You better have a range rover, Cayenne or other luxury SUV when rolling in to this Costco.In addition to the usual Costco fare this location carries a selection of high end items. Notable items are very high end watches like a $27999 Cartier watch, the elusive kirkland scotch, high end reserve bottles of wine, bags of frozen Ahi Tuna and Empire Kosher chicken breasts.  Parking can be tough to come by on the weekends here, I often go with my older parents who get VIP handicapped parking.The biggest negative about this location is the food court hot dogs, they are not Hebrew national. They are Kirkland brand.Not this costco also has a automated car wash for $7.99 bit pricey but seems to do a good job.
4	All in all, this is a really good Costco.  Great selection, gas, and even car wash!I love the selection of higher-end goods at this Costco.  They have a great wine selection, too.  We only go on the off-times, to avoid the inevitable Costco madness.  But even on the off-times, it's pretty crowded and the folks aren't the quickest moving in the world.  Ah well, I'll be one of those folks someday, too....
5	I have had memberships at both Sam's Club and Costco.  I have visited many Costco's in the Phoenix area, but this Costco has a dairy room not seen that anywhere.  There is a $2 piece of heaven that keeps me coming back like an addict.  For one of the best desserts and best values in town order a hand dipped ice cream with nuts.  Seriously, you will be so happy if you eat in the store or take it home and have it.  These ice cream bars probably cost me about $2,000 a year from all my other purchases, but it is totally worth it.
5	Love Costco!! It has everything! Usually buy my fruits, veggie and meat. Also end up buying stuff that were not on my list. Hard to resist the deals and great price they have. They have a pretty good selection of wine, spirits and beer. Costco is also great w their returns. Ive returned something that was used because it broke. Had no receipt and they went back to my Amex connected w Costco one year back!!! Best part are the there free samples!! Portions are enough to make you full if you try most of them! Only downfall is I end up paying more than I anticipated because I end up buying more things than planned!!!!
4	Gas is hard to find and there are cars going in every direction. I did not want or need a car wash. People are in a big hurry here, and no one waits for those to fillup and pull forward. 2.65 a gallon today!
5	By far this Costco is the best I've been to. I'm not sure if it was due to the holidays but the selection here is far superior then other locations The wine selection and variety here is incredible. Many wines were in the 90 point scale but reasonable in price. I ended up purchasing 18 bottles to take back to So Cal! I saw other usual items here that no other Costco carries such as Caviar, wine at $1599.00 a bottle and even a bottle of Remy Martin Louis XIII 1.75 liters at $22,999.00! See the pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UrkVfWJ0Bp0uSfDWsFUOxQ?action_user_photos=1&upload_finished=1&successful=-uaKyNZxjwKkTwvJzi8row This Costco has a awesome selection, only negative was I spent more money then I intended. Oh well!Happy Holidays!
4	I try & enjoy whatever I'm doing...even shopping. This Costco has never really disapponted me. I bought my Droid here, their customer service has been EXCELLENT. About once a month I'll blow in & by all the food items I need for a few weeks.  Grazing at lunch time gets the job done. I keep finding items that are new, up to date & at a reduced price...what's there not to like ?
4	I'm accustomed to going to Costco and having the lines be crazy long and people everywhere.  That wasn't the case with this location.  I was here on a Monday at 6:00 pm and the lines were very short and the parking lot was not a hot mess.....am I in the Twilight Zone?  It sure felt like it.Anyway, I had to pickup a few items and since I was hungry, I decided to grab 2 Slices of Cheese Pizza ($1.99 ea) on the way out the door.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uMQaaUvdHGhTFiyOhGa93w?select=PrWtJjc8bN3FqTUPyG3TfwThey just came out of the oven, so they were piping hot and the Cheese was gooey and tasty....yum!  You can't beat the price of these huge slices either.....great value.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uMQaaUvdHGhTFiyOhGa93w?select=oxrExCvfWrbnfNevyjLVBQOverall, it was another fun time shopping at Costco.Return Factor - 100%
5	I woke up one Sunday a few weeks back and heard a flop-flop sound as I pulled out of my garage. Well, we all know what that means, AAA came pretty quickly and filled my flat with enough air to get to a tire place. So I did what many of us do, try to decide between Discount Tire, Firestone and Costco, etc.  I had recently purchased two tires at Discount, but I thought I give Costco a try first since our Executive Membership was about up. Please note this was just before Christmas and the place was hopping with folks trying to buy trees off Costco's 18 wheeler.  The Christmas trees are sold from the Auto & Tire Department. I had one person in front of me and was serve pretty quickly.  Luckily for me Costco was running a special at the time of buy 3 tires, get one free.  In total, the four tires ran me less than $400 including the balancing, etc.  The wait was 2 1/2 hours, but I found a seat inside and enjoyed all the Christmas craziness from the food court seating while reading a book that I had just bought at, guess where, Costco. I was impressed and would certainly recommend the Costco tire folks to anyone.  They were friendly and great to work with. Big, WOW!
5	This Costco is one of the largest and nicest I've every been in, but It is also in all fairness to my friend Alexander C. can become at times a complete unsupervised mental asylum.  I do not mean to be un-PC, but there is no other way to explain the experience. I have learned to avoid the place except for midday during the week, or after 7pm on weeknights. Forget weekends -- unless you have a death wish! I something believe that Costco management has forgotten their role is more that just restocking the items on the shelves. Or, to borrowing from Alexander's Zoo metaphor -- making sure the lion's are fed!  Costco's management also needs to make sure that both the lion's den is secure and the that customers are safe.  Because if the lions (crazies) run the place then customers won't be coming back. So Costco, you can control when the lions are fed and how organize the feeding is going to be! Now the parking lot is worthy of a review all it's own, but I'll save that for another time.
3	This Costco is soooooo busy...."HOW BUSY IS IT?"This Costco is so busy..... the other day I actually googled "the busiest Costco in America" and guess what!? It's not the busiest one :( The busiest Costco is in Seattle.Had you going there for a second didn't I?That's why this costco gets 3 stars from me. I've been going here for years now and no matter when I go the whole place is like a buddhist 's nightmare. Total anarchy.  And the managers are ALWAYS huddled up at the end of the lines of shoppers acting like "what do we do now...there are lots of people here today" AND they stopped selling single turkey crosandwitches with a side cesar! All they have in the deli section now is 10 lb. meatloaf trays and some giant tubs of greasy penne that they try to market as "pasta salad". WTF!!! I guess I just have to go out and find myself a huge family to justify buying anything fresh. On a positive note, the dog food, water and coffee are pretty good.
5	Had the ice cream bar as a Mother's Day treat, best cheap dessert ever.  Probably one of my favorite overall desserts.  I also love this places take- home meatloaf too!
4	This is one of the largest (and busiest) Costco's I have ever been to.  They generally have a good selection of samples (with friendly staff).  They also have a large selection of clothing, beer, wine, and anything else you might want.  However, avoid this place like the plague on weekends as it's crazy busy.  I have a membership to both Costco and Sam's Club and the nearby Sam's Club (literally directly across Northsight) is night and day compared to this Costco (when Costco can be a madhouse, Sam's Club can still feel completely and totally empty).
4	This is my go to Costco.  I try to make it out of there with only diapers and baby wipes, but who are we kidding.  Costco is like Disneyland for adults.  So many items I have to have now!
4	Easy to find what you are looking for. Parking lot is big. It is nice and clean. FYI. I don't shop here for the gas.
5	All the staff is super friendly. This Costco sells things that many other locations do not. For example, these yummy indian frozen dinners made by Amy's Organic. Also American Airlines gift cards which are a SUPER DEAL! Oh and their raspberries and figs are so fresh...delicious!!!!!!
4	Who the heck doesn't love huge amounts of toilet paper and free samples of food... come on now!
5	Costco keeps me alive.  I purchase all the essentials from here and save a lot of money.  You know you'll be getting a high quality product for the best price when you buy something from here.
4	One of the best Costco I've been to and believe me, I go to a Costco wherever I am for food, office supplies, gas, etc.  The Customer Service here is most awesome, the staff is always so helpful and ready to out of their way to answer your questions or show you what you're looking for if they have it.  If they don't have it, they will check their computer, tell you how many are available in a particular location, etc.  Definitely a "go to" Costco!
4	The most entertaining thing about Costco is watching the crowd go crazy for free samples. But shoot, who am I to judge? Free sample of chicken wings? Hell yes, I've never tried chicken wings before!! It's really crowded here on the weekends so watch your back in the store and in the parking lot. I saw a fight break out between two old guys in the parking lot and one of them chased the other into the store. Quite entertaining! Costco is best for toilet paper, eggs, diapers, and bread. It's also great when you're hungry and need a quick dinner. $1.50 hotdog and drink, amazing. Just remember the only credit card you can use  at Costco is American Express so bring cash or your debit card (I'd say or a check book, but do people still do that?) Also, the food court only takes cash so get cash back while checking out! Have fun!
5	It's a hot summer's day and you're in the neighborhood.You're broke as usual, sweating your stones off, and now, your car's air conditioner has picked this moment to go code blue on you.Stop everything and duck into Costco, where you can get a chocolate vanilla swirl frozen yogurt for only 65 cents.It's really $1.30, but the price goes down after making your girlfriend pony up her 65 cents, It gets better.When they see how pathetic the two of you are, standing there, asking to split a 1.30 cup of yogurt, which by the way is about the same size as a red solo cup, they'll fill both of them nearly to the top!Important note:You will need to muster a reasonably sad expression...kind of like Emmet Kelly or something.Summer relief in a solo cup!
5	Six stars for this Costco!  Costco rocks as a general matter, but man, this is one great Costco!  They have a killer selection, better than the average Costco, and they really shine in wine, liquor, and cheese.  Plus, they have a great car wash.  Take the awesomeness of Costco, stir in a bit of Scottsdale fanciness, and you have the makings for a warehouse shopping destination that is frankly worth driving to even if it's not the nearest Costco to you.
4	Sushi at Castco mmmmmm goood
4	We all know that Costco's good for all of our bulk-item needs; I come here for Maranatha Natural almond butter (made with only dry roasted almonds, no added salt or sugar), clothes detergents (biodegradable) and fabric softener liquids (not-so-biodegradable), deliciously sweet and juicy cantaloupe (three in a mesh case for $6), Starbucks-roasted Kirkland-brand coffee beans, and the occasional  big box of Quaker quick-cooking oats (not those microwaveable packets of oats that have had the health-promoting fiber stripped off so that they cook faster).  I'd say the most frequent item I buy here is the bottled water- I keep a few in the freezer and fridge for future trips (I know, I know... I've been told and I've read somewhere that it isn't the best thing to do, but when you live in the desert, it's kinda necessary, y'know?).  Those 36-roll bath tissues and 12-roll individually-wrapped paper towels I bought a few months ago are running low, so I'll be heading back there in about a month or two to replenish them...So, yes, there are bulk goodies to be bought here, but did you know that, as of yesterday, I am a happy owner of two 2-lb containers of fresh red and juicy ORGANIC strawberries for $6 each??  Just ate three luscious (and huge!) berries with some whole-wheat pancakes I whipped up using organic eggs also purchased here.  Too bad Costco doesn't sell organic condensed milk (I bought mine from nearby Whole Foods)... Shoot, Costco doesn't sell ANY condensed milk- what's up with that?  With all of the milky and decadent desserts (think Tres Leches cakes and flans) our valley's restaurants offer up, you'd think Costco would sell them to their customers.  (I make "leche flan" using eggs, condensed milk, evaporated milk, and sugar.)  Another item I am very happy to have purchased here is the Viva bottom-loading water cooler/dispenser.  No more warm-ups with push-ups and lunges just so that I can lift a bulky 5-gallon water jug to fill top-load coolers hoping I don't spill any on the carpet!  Once in awhile you'll hear the dispenser's pumping system hum, but it isn't annoying.  The cooler also is lighted, so it serves as a nightlight for when you get up in the middle of the night and need a replenishing sip or two.Kudos for Costco stocking up on more and more organic foodstuffs and biodegradable cleaning solutions/solvents.  Wonder what I'll find on my next visit?
5	you can get EVERYTHING at Costco!  Most recently, we are impressed with the line of wines...in our blind test, the Kirkland Pinot Noir won - hands down!  Give it try, it will surprise you!
5	I don't go to Starbucks anymore. I used to, but I got sick of walking in and having all the 'cool' people, sitting with their Macs, sipping their caramel soy fuckwad machiato Americanos giving me the once over as if i'm a bigfoot sighting or something. It's a real joke. I walk in and all the sneaky laptop whores quickly steal a furtive glance at my distressed fashion and shake their heads, signaling I don't belong here. Not like this. Not with them...all dressed-up and ready for work. They probably don't know, or rather, how could they know I live next door. And how easy it is to roll out of bed, pillow perm and all, dressed like a major buttmunch as I wander in half asleep for my morning espresso, costing me around three bucks. I never did get this.If taking a laptop with you to Starbucks is so vital to your existence, how is it you're so easily distracted each time the door swings open and the bell rings, heralding the arrival of a new, and potentially off the charts beautiful person, you pretentious douchebag!So anyway, who needs that shit, right?  No more Starbucks. Instead, I bought a Keurig coffee maker. The one that uses those little K-cups. Only the K should stand for kablastafucked since the price of a K-cup is somewhere just south of a Bentley Continental GT convertible.And this is why I go to Costco. This Costco in particular.You can buy a box of fifty-four Starbucks K-cups,  their Verona blend for only 36 bucks. Buy them anywhere else and you'll pay double.So now I sit and bang out Yelps on my laptop as I drink my morning Starbuck K cup....not a pretentious douchebag anywhere in sight. Well, except for me of course.Note: 54 K cups lasts me close to a month. That's 36 bucks for the entire month. I used to spend that in a week at Starbucks while getting judged in the process. No more.
5	My mom is a Costco fanatic, she swears by it. It started out as a family joke that Mom can find anything we need at Costco, but it's stopped being a joke and has started getting a little creepy, because she plans all our family get-togethers, all our vacation packages, everything from the stock at Costco. My sister says when the zombies attack, Mom's going to drive us all to Costco and we'll bunker it down until the army shows up. Anyway, they do have very good bulk bargains and the optometrist is convenient and has a good selection, not to mention the pharmacy. I don't even want to tell you how often I've eaten at this food court, but mom makes me an offer I can't resist every time: a share of the grocery haul if I help her shop. Pretty good deal. I've picked up some nice wines here too.
4	Costco has something for everybody. I try to go here in the evenings after 7pm since this place is a zoo during the day. I had to break that rule when I decided that I was mad as hell and I wasn't going to go to my former eye doctor anymore. I mean every year I had to fill out this detailed HIPPA Form for myself and kids. Enough of the paperwork, I went to the Optometrist at Costco and filled out a 3 x 5 card with my name, address and phone number. I was pleased with the lower cost of the office visit and the much lower cost of the contact lenses. This purchase alone has more than made up for the annual fee that Costco charges.I haven't had a BIG party for awhile so I really miss the decadent chocolate cake and those yummy sheet cakes they make. And note to management, please stop moving the location of the Stacey Chips. Just about every time I look for them they are in a new location. I love their Mexican ice cream bars that come in 4 flavors and is a great pick me up when I'm at the pool.  I usually get their strawberries and blueberries, a great excuse to go into that freezing cooler. There's a whole laundry list of other items I get from time to time as well.The kids are alright too. Their current favorites are the Philly Cheese Steak, the burgers and of course the pizza. Now let's talk Costco Cafeteria for a couple of seconds were it cost you less than $4 dollars for two to have some treats. I just love the Very Berry Yogurt  and my wife is addicted to the Dove bar dipped in chocolate and adorned with plenty of nuts; She actually makes me share the Dove Bar with her.
3	Some people go to Church on Sunday. Not me. I go to Costco. Why?Because I don't have twelve cans of the same kind of soup, six cans of tuna, and a gallon of Windex sitting in my pantry. That's not the real reason. The real reason I go is so I don't  get yelled at  for sitting here playing video games all day.  So I pack up the truck and off i go, content with the knowledge that if the world should come to an abrupt end, if  a deranged fuck from some third world shithole managed to launch a thermonuclear attack on the United States and I somehow managed to survive, I'd have enough Lemon Pledge in my pantry to last me the remainder of my god-forsaken life.Here's the part where I actually mention something germane to the experience so I don't get another nasty-gram from Yelp HQ.Costco offers a unique shopping experience with its bulk buying opportunities and low, low prices. One gallon and one quart of Windex is twelve bucks. It comes in a handy refill package along with spray bottle. A must, for those dirty windows you've never even dreamed of washing. I suggest you park the Windex alongside the twelve cans of Lemon Pledge you've managed to hoard in the last couple of years. Useful tip: Go around lunchtime on a weekend. They have sample carts posted up on every aisle. It's like a smorgasbord of shitty-weird foods you'd never dream of eating otherwise.
1	Don in electronics is the rudest costco employee I have ever run in to.  I was going to buy laptop but went to Sams Club .
4	Big place with a lot to chose from.  Four stars for their rack of lamb and outstanding wine selections.
5	I love Costco in general, But this store is my favorite, They have many fancy items like liquor and jewelries, That i could not find in any other store.Simply love it.
4	I'm sure this little tid-bit of info is included in the membership agreement we all sign....but I didn't know this until last week!Prices are guaranteed for 30 days...so if you buy a $1k tv and it goes on sale, or has a discount in their coupon book, just bring your receipt and they will give you the difference back in cash, no questions asked!  This is for EVERYTHING!  Amazing doubled factory warranties on items, 90 day return policy on electronics, and friendly staff.  SUCK IT, SAM'S!
1	This is a food court review only. This was my first time coming to this Costco because we were in the area. I wish now I had gone some place else. I looked up their number and called ahead to order a pizza. I do this all the time at the costco's by my house and have never had an issue. They said it'd be 20 minutes. I got there just 15 minutes after calling. I paid for the pizza while the wife and kids waited in the car as they do when we go to other costcos. The cashier said it wasn't ready yet but she'd let me know when it was done. I stood by and watched as several pizzas came out of the oven and went to others. Two pizzas sat there waiting for someone but they were there when I got there so I didn't think either was mine. After 15 minutes of standing there I started to get upset. I tried to flag down one of the cashiers as they were going back and forth only to be ignored several times and to wait a minute another time. Finally I had them check and my pizza was one of the two that had been waiting there since I arrived. I told the guy I had been waiting for 15 minutes and called half an hour prior and was told it'd be 20 minutes. I also said the other cashier told me she'd let me know when my order was ready but clearly didn't. A disinterested "sorry, sir" was all I got before he gave me the pizza and went back to man the register. I stopped by guest services to complain. They offered to get me a manager but my wife was texting me that the kids were screaming. They offered me a car wash which I declined because why would I want a car wash? I was upset about the food court. Either offer me my money back or a free soda or something that shows that you care. A little more empathy for having wasted 15 minutes of my time by not checking for my pizza properly or fulfilling the promise of looking for it would have been great. The line was actually shorter than what I normally see at other costcos so I'm not sure what the problem was. It leads me to believe that the food court employees are either not properly trained or don't care. Either way I won't be back and don't recommend them to anyone. The cold, soggy pizza wasn't worth the $10 and especially not the 30+ minute wait.
4	You have to love Costco Tire and Automotive!!!About two years ago, I had to replaced all four of my tires after 25,000 miles. At the time, I thought I would go to my car dealer or Discount Tires for replacements. But decided I would give Costco Tire a shot. Here I am today, twenty-seven months and 25,000 miles later in need of four new tires. Bridgestone gave me a 65,000 miles warranty -- which would mean I would be getting a $75.01 credit for each tire!The cost of four new Michelin's, which would have been $483.96 instead cost me only $213.06, including all taxes and tire disposal. Here's the best part, the new Michelin's come with a 90,000 mile warranty. Nice, eh!
5	Love Costco, but the other customers are a bunch of rude jerks.  I am not sure if the other locations are like this or is it specific to Scottsdale.  Pushy and blocking every aisle stuffing thier ever fattening faces with the free samples.  On the positive side, all things Costco are great quality and value.  I enjoy that aspect very much.  And the berry sundae's don't suck either.
4	Always walk out with a lot more than I went in for but end up using every bit of it! Tried the pineapple pepper sauce on some crackers and bought the bottle!
5	If my memory is correct, this was the first Costco built in the Valley and it remains the standard by which all others should be judged.In addition to the regular Costco merchandise, this store seems to get the best selection of special deals and traveling shows of any store in the Valley. Plus, like many Costcos they have a gas station selling cheap gas and this store even has one of the best drive-through carwashes that I have found in the Valley.Plus, its in North Scottsdale so tax rates are lower and there is no food tax like in Phoenix... and not only might you see celebrities or professional athletes while shopping, you can likely even get numerous references for plastic surgeons if that's on your list as well :-)Enjoy!
5	I love Costcos. Why?  Because I can't seem to spend less than an hour there each time I go and I always buy more items than I intend. I also love what I call my "Costco lunches". Best time to go I think are at 11am then a little after 1pm for themost selections. These "Costco lunch" actually work since I often grab a bag of whatever I sampled. Plus, I also count the walking I do there part of my daily workout. Remember that, girls, you can nibble free cause the calories consumed are offset by the walking.
4	I love Costco. Buying products at a cheaper price in bulk is a great model for larger families. The cafeteria is also great for cheap eats, don't even need to be a member!I only regret that the video game section has gone down the drain. What used to provide competitive console bundles and mainstream titles has dwindled down to maybe two games no one has ever heard of. Damn shame if you ask me.
5	I love this Costco location, it has a much better selection of wines and other alcohol then other warehouses I have visited. The staff is always friendly and helpful. Don't forget to bring cash for the food court!
4	I like the samples and the people that work there
5	Costco is awesome! Went to return a couple of things and it was done quickly and painless!
4	I love shopping at Costco.  They have many items I want and need.  It's my go to place for Shampoo, Razors, Shaving Cream, Vitamins, Supplements, Toiletries, and much more.  Also, this location has a gas station that's always much cheaper than regular gas stations. There's a car wash here too...although recently I stopped coming here in favor of my all you can wash membership at Clean Freak.The best day and time to come for me is Sunday morning at 10 am when they open.  It's generally pretty slow and you can get your shopping done in peace.  Saturdays are the worst.Return Factor - 100%
1	I hate going into this costco so much! Everybody is so rude & disrespectful! I wish there was another one close by to go to. :( whatever. I've had workers cut in front of me to get a free sample. WHO DOES THAT? Were you raised by animals? I only get in line if it's something I'm interested in buying, but because of this problem, I skip the free samples and I only buy what I know I like. Can't wait to move out of snotsdale so I don't have to deal with all these arrogant jerks everywhere I go! It's so hard to come across a friendly place and get excellent customer service!!!!!
5	There are many Costcos in the world. This is one of the better ones. This is no doubt because of the demographics of the area. This has better booze and fancier food. Some things are for publicity such as a $9999 bottle of Petrus Bordeaux or a $17000 bottle of scotch. However there are genuine high end items here. It is a big place and has almost anything you want. Sometimes lines get long but generally they take care of checkout pretty well. It is worth stopping.
3	In August we purchased a defective S4 (the fault of Samsung, not Costco) and 3 weeks later needed to exchange it for one that would actually charge. I did not bring all the bonus accessories (car charger, extra case) since I was only looking to exchange the phone and didn't need a new set of bonus accessories. Since I didn't have everything they couldn't just swap out the phone, they made me purchase a new one first and then bring that to customer service and then they'd return my defective phone which was a huge pain and completely avoidable (2 stars for this horrible experience) Fast forward 2 months and my lovely S4 decides to stop charging again. So I grab everything and head back to Costco except when they pull up my account it shows I've already returned that phone. Since the original S4 was purchased on my boyfriend's card when they returned my phone in September they returned the device I had just purchased 30 seconds prior on my card instead of the original one to his account. It was an exhausting nightmare. Until Rhonda (I'm pretty sure that was her name, she had a blonde pixie cut) came to the rescue. She figured out the problem was whomever returned the phone last time did it wrong, never returned it to my boyfriend's card but instead returned it on mine. Without her I would have been out of luck. Her customer service was phenomenal. Wish I could say that for everyone else in customer service there.
4	Always busy, always a full parking lot. Be prepared to hoof it.Great selection, friendly staff.
2	This review is for the pharmacy only.I get to the counter and there is another customer staring at me, so I try to discreetly say my name and I am here for my rx ( because who needs this other busybody with nothing to do hearing my business?) The surly white-haired man in the blue costco jacket named Russ whose title says, Cashier, stares at me and barks, somber-faced, I CAN'T HEAR YOU.  LAST NAME? Then proceeds to tell me that there are 500 rxs being processed and mine will be a while.  I called 1/2 h ago??? So they did get it ready,  but he again reprimanded me because I wanted to use their discount program, as my insurance doesnt allow me to use costco. I asked him, why do you need to redo paperwork. ..did the dr put my insurance info on the e-rx? I HAVE NO CLUE (more barking). I made note that they are right next to the hearing aid counter as I sat down to wait.  Todd the pharmacist was happy and kind. He is the only reason I bumped them from 1 star to 2. Russ, buddy, time to retire and get that hearing-aid rx filled right there at your local costco.
1	Went to Costco last night around 7:45 to pick up a few things. As I was finishing up (around 8:20), I turned the corner where the fruits and veggies are to grab some carpet cleaner from the back. One of the employees (based on the name tag, some sort of assistant manager), told me "we're closed back here, what are you looking for?"... me: (confused, looking at watch) "carpet cleaner"... his response: "oh we don't have any of that annnddd we're CLOSED". WOW- look, I understand that your store closes at 8:30, but not every person gets out of work at exactly 5PM during the week. PLUS- I overpaid for an "executive" membership that I didn't ask for in the first place (I wanted the $55 one, but the guy signed me up for the $115 executive membership and I didn't find out until I checked my account online the next day- oh well, not worth the fight)... But now this? Costco, take a page out of Nordstrom Rack's book- if a customer walks in to their store 1 minute before close, they let them shop UNTIL THEY ARE DONE SHOPPING. Don't close up sections of your store while customers are inside just to save a whole 10 minutes on your commute home. And to the rude assistant manager: dude... put a smile on. Everyone has bad days (I get it), but a smile and a positive attitude goes a long ways (especially when you work in customer service).
5	5 Stars for $1.50 hit dog and a drink! 5 Stars for $1.50 hit dog and a drink! 5 Stars for $1.50 hit dog and a drink! 5 Stars for $1.50 hit dog and a drink! 5 Stars for $1.50 hit dog and a drink! 5 Stars for $1.50 hit dog and a drink! 5 Stars for $1.50 hit dog and a drink! Who reads reviews about Costco tho?
5	COSTCO is amazing. My wife and I love to go about once per month to shop. Even if you don't buy anything you can fill up on samples. Best times to go are on the weekends early or sunday when most are at church. The small cafe is great and so cheap. Be sure o bring cash for the cafe as it does not take credit cards.
5	I love Costco.  And as far as I'm concerned this one is the best there is that I have been too.  I shop her for my family and for my business.  Staff is always friendly and get you in out quickly.They also have a great selection of some high end products.I brought a beautiful Watch there the other day.  And if you don't know it already Costco has the best return policy on the planet.
5	I appreciate Costco because they're pretty standardized, tidy, and economical (duh). And, where better than in the good 'ole USA where we love to consume!!! Plus we're cheap bastards... All of us. It's true 'Merica.I grew up on generic Costco brand (Kirkland) everything, and feel its still quality product. I bought pounds of frozen Mahi-Mahi filets that were around $15 but would have been twice that at Fry's. Damn, I'm winning at life!!Plus, the hot spot sample kiosks are fun. All of the adorable retirees peddling their flavor of the days? Oh, and their Concession Stand (biting my knuckles)?!? Fab, quick food for pennies! Their chicken Caesar is pretty tasty! Coffee granita for a dollar-something is one of my faves also.If you can bare the ppl with their KIDS everywhere and coughing out a lot of money (which is cheaper in the end per unit, do the math), then I say go full throttle. Watch out for that sun-scorched parking lot - it's quite a cluster!
5	By far the best location in Arizona! had a great shopping experience with their better selection products here.I had to come back and re-write this review because it got dinged. So to be more specific and not so promotional such as it says in the review guidelines..and I guess it does seem promotional. So my experience was great at this location because of the product they have. For example the liquor section. If you haven't seen it before, they literally have a glass case that is stocked with high-end (hundreds-$17,000.00) bottles of alcohol. That's of course too expensive to me, but to have that kind of selection at costco while crossing off your grocery or around the home shopping list is fabulous. If anyone wonders about the Kirkland brand alcohol. It tastes exactly the same to the comparison bottle that they have next to their brand. Costco buys the distillery off the competition and brands it their name. It's the same, just different bottling and wrapper so to speak. One example review of the time I went,I hope this doesn't get knocked again.
5	I have found additional merchandise that the other Costco's in the area do not carry. So, I try to check them out for speciality items.
5	Recently this costco has had the seafood show here every Fri thru Sunday. My wife and I discovered a few weeks agot hat they now have Poke wheich is flown in from hawaii fresh each weekend. IT IS AMAZING! Seriouly we have stopped getting sushi since we now just by 2 POUNDS of poke which is essentially sashmi at 1/5 of the price. They usualy have 4 varities 2 of which are spicy. It is simply amazing. We get the type with out mayo and here is the secret to makeing it even better: to a pound add 1-2 tbls of any mayo and 1-2 tbkls of balsamic vinegar. Simply AMAZING! I kid you not. It is the best poke/sashmi/sushi we have every had and I ahve had a lot of all the above. and the price is outrageously low. 16 bucks for a pound of sushi grade fish. Our favorite thing at Costco now.
5	Costco Optical has won us over with their excellent customer service (KUDOS to Melissa!) and quality products. No matter when we go, we always receive quality service. Thank you to your entire staff! Rob and Helen B.
2	Costco has great prices and merchandise and for the most part the employees seem to take what they do seriously with two notable exceptions:1.  The gaggle of "managers" who stand around schmoozing in the aisles preventing customers form getting around them.  When you have to ask employees to move you know the store has an attitude problem 2.  The people who deal with the shopping carts are unsafe and rude.  They feel their function there is above all others and that customers are an annoyance.  I get it.  They're heavy and its hot but don't yell at me because I'm in the way and in a foot cast.  If they worked for me and behaved that way with customers it would be their last day.  They are unsafe and ignorant.
4	Obviously most people know what Costco is. If you need to bilk on certain items and want to get them for cheaper then Costco is the way to go. The food inside as well is really good. I always go there at the beginning of the week to make sure I have exactly what I need. They offer clothing, furniture and so much more. When you need to throw a party I would just come here and get a bunch of things because what you pay, you're saving so much more money than you would at any normal super market.
2	Costco does not offer a rainy-day guarantee on their carwashes.  Don't waste the $8.This is the location I typically shop at for all my bulk-buying needs and though the customer service has always been a little lacking I've never had an issue, but this disappointed me.
2	When it comes to the usual Costco deals and weekly road shows, this Costco is fine, but there are two big problems with this store:1. In the last few months, the sample severs have gotten increasingly cranky and sometimes outright hostile. They have always been rude to my kids, who are generally polite, but today takes the cake. The server CHEWED out my son for touching one sample, then the other. Normally, that would be bad beahvior, but these were fully wrapped chocolates, not some greasy fish stick. The guy -- who was working the CHRISTMAS SECTION --  was so mad, I had to tell my son not to worry about it as we quickly walked away.About half of the servers at this store are polite enough, but NONE of them EVER SMILE.2. Even worse than the servers are the patrons, who are horrid creatures reminiscent of goblins from the Hobbit. Here are some examples:*One time, two elderly women started swearing at each other as they fought for the parking spot I was trying to vacate. One woman, whose husband was driving in circles on the opposite side of the parking lot, literally stood in the spot I left while the other tried to run her over. I wish I was exaggerating, but I had to roll up my windows so the kids couldn't here the exchange of swear words. *My kids have been shoved out of the way of samples as if they have no right to be there.*My kids have been rammed with carts by impatient shoppers who don't seem to understand that youngsters can get disorientated by the frenetic nature of that particular store. Heck, the traffic jams near the ready-to-eat chicken area can run 10-15 carts deep.*I've had customers literally push us out of the way to lay claim to some product or another.The staff is okay at this store, which I've frequented since 2008, but they don't work as hard at being friendly or helpful compared with other stores I've visited. I don't know what, if anything, they can do about the bad customers, but it seems they should at least be aware that the Scottsdale store is out of control.
2	I am a frequent Costco shopper and the Hayden (North Scottsdale) is my store of choice since it is closest to my home.  I have always been impressed with the employees that work at this (and other) Costco's.  My experience has been that they are friendly and always willing to help.   Unfortunately this was not the case yesterday when I had business at the photo department.  The worker who assisted me (Robert) was either having a really bad day or missed many customer service training sessions.  He came across as rude and impatient as I inquired about a VHS to DVD tape transfer question.  I'm not easily offended by people so his rude behavior can roll off my back... but to see him deal with numerous elderly customers in the same fashion broke my heart.  Perhaps Costco store management will consider sending him for some additional training.  One can only hope.
4	Beautiful, massive, great selection at any given time.  Beware, this location is always terribly crowded (not their fault, but still good to know).  Somehow, in spite of this, it's my favorite Costco in AZ.I work near this location, so I've been at many times of day and you can never just pull into the very front of the parking lot.  However, if you avoid super busy times like right after work hours or Sunday afternoon, you'll be thrilled with the variety and quality here.  The sales are great, the service is always friendly, and really, it's just a terrific store.Eating here is never a bad idea, either.  I've known coworkers to go there at lunchtime and just eat the copious samples.  We've ordered pizza for office lunches before (put in your order early to ensure it'll still be lunchtime when you get it).  And I've even tasted the ice cream - yum!
4	Ahhh Costco, my long-lost love. I have to preface this by saying I am a Costco fanatic. I bought my car using Costco car buying, I buy my food there, I purchase pretty much everything imaginable there.This location is good, and located right off the 101 Freeway in North Scottsdale. Parking is kinda dicey, and I think it's usually hard to find a spot, but if you try a little- you can make it happen. As with other Costcos, the employees are really friendly and seem happy. The products are very good and I even like all their Kirkland branded items, which are very high quality, but at a lower price point. Best of all a Costco, if you are unhappy with a purchase their return policy is second to none. Personally I don't like to return things, not sure why- i'm just loathe to do it.Anyway, check this spot out, it is a great option regardless if you need a case of TP or a huge cake- Costco has you covered.
5	Dropped by today checking on various electronic items.  Amazing how much I learned from the staff in the electronics department.  They know their stuff and are able to guide you before making your purchase.  On the food side, they can't be beat.  Fresh. rotisserie chickens, not to mention those wonderful samples they give you.  Today I ended buying one of their sample items, it was soooooo good.  I appreciate having a store like this so close to home.  BTW, I  went to their competitor  to comparison shop and I noticed that while Costco was full of customers, the "other one" was not.  I also found that the "other one" has higher prices on electronics FOR THE SAME ITEM.   Just saying.
1	i just experienced the absolute worst customer service with Steven Burns, Lic # 510 at Costco Optical on Hayden Road. I arrived 5 minutes early for my 2:30 appointment. There were two young ladies working his desk. I waited for 20 minutes, when Mr. Burns came out of his exam room to call the next appointment. He called the name of a woman who came in after me. As he took her into the exam room, I stood up to talk to one of the ladies working the desk. It took a few minutes, as they had customers in front of them. When I finally was able to explain that I thought Mr. Burns had accidentally called the person that came in after me, they looked at the schedule and concluded that the "new person" working the desk put the cards in an incorrect order. I was told it would be another 20 minutes, putting my wait at 45 minutes total for a 2:30 appointment. I asked if there was anything they could do, as I could not afford to make another appointment and come back another day. I also explained a very unfortunate experience the year before, and upon request of their former front desk person was giving them one more chance. I was told they would talk to the "doctor" to see what he could do. When I was finally called 45 minutes later, the young lady tried to explain what had happened, and Mr. Burns looked right at me and said, "You should have said something if you thought I was calling the wrong person." At this point, his staff member tired to explain my unfortunate experience from the year before as I asked if that was my job to make sure he called the right person, and he just shook his head and looked down at my chart. I told him I had waited over 45 minutes and asked for a discount. He said no, that they already charged low prices. When I explained that if I had come in 45 minutes late, they would not see me and most likely would charge me for the time. I asked him if his time and money were more important than mine. And the fact that he actually told me I should have said something to him, said a lot to me about his customer service. He again explained he would not give me a discount to alleviate their mistake. My only conclusion is this person believes he, his time, and his money are more important than the customers. I told him this was the worst customer service I had ever received, and I would not be back. There was no apology. I would rather pay twice as much than be treated with such disrespect again.
