3	My parents called and said we are going to a new buffet come with us.  Ok, I was on the way home with leftovers in the fridge.  What the heck!  The buffet is located in a Sam's Club plaza.  A lot of car traffic!  Parked and waited for my parents to arrive.  They have a GRAND OPENING sign and flags everywhere... So ok, they are new.  This place use to be Bamboo Palace or Place, I never came in.  Not really a buffet fan, too much and I need to try everything.  The place is very clean and the staff is extremely nice.  They offered everything from sushi, hot dishes, cold dishes, dim sum, desserts and everything in between.  I tried a little of everything....  Ribs - the flavor is too sweet, not good and the meat was toughOrange chicken - OKSteam fish - not enough soy sauce flavorFish steaks - pretty goodChicken skewers - OK (Got another type of chicken - not on skewer, but tasted the same)House chicken - de-bone chicken with a roasted chicken, pretty goodFried Rice - the rice is sticky, not what I am use to but OKCheese Puff (or Fried wonton) - Good, I love fried anythingSweet and sour chicken - the chicken was a little too hardChicken wings - OKShort ribs - the flavor was good, but the meat was too toughSteam bun (with custard) - the dough was ok, but the bun got hard from sitting in the steamer too longFried noodles - OKThat is all the things I can remember...  They have a large selection on seafood.  My parents said they are OK.  Not too good, not bad either.
4	Ah, rising from the ashes of Bamboo Palace (like a Phoenix!), comes the new "Four Seasons Buffet"!  It's still the same floor plan as before, but completely updated, & no more "Grandpa China" milling around in there!    :-OThis new ownership brings us a very pleasant staff, & the place is completely comfortable inside.  Today's offering was 98 food items, plus sauces & dressings.Besides the above, my biggest impression of the place was that although it has pretty much the usual food items you find in a Chinese Buffet this size, many things were especially good!  One dish after another was more flavorful than usual...  the Seafood Salad, the crunchy Orange Chicken, the Pork Chops, even the creamy mushrooms!  The Sushi was good too, but the fried rice wasn't the best I've ever had, & the ice cream is soft serve.  Also, there's no Mongolian BBQ.  (Gadz, are we spoiled or what??)Hey, this is a good solid 4-Star place & the Lunch Buffet is only $6.99!    :-))
4	Stopped in for lunch with Rand H. and found a large comfy Chinese buffet. The selections were close to 100 making this (in my ranking) a super buffet. Most of the selections were common Chinese buffet items but almost all the things i tried were better than at other buffets the outstanding items were peppered beef , seasoned french fries with the skin on , baked salmon , house special chicken , pork chops , garlic green beans , pot stickers , coconut shrimp and even the Chinese donuts were great. All this great food made for a great lunch for $6.99 plus 20% off from magazine coupon. Yay  I am a fan and will return to this friendly buffet.
4	-A nice, variety of Chinese food, plus some salad bar fixins, jello, desserts, and some American food.-Seven buffet islands, plus the Sushi area = eight total areas of food to choose from.-Clean restaurant. Pleasant decor.-VERY friendly, coridial staff.-Food was really good & fresh for a Chinese buffet. Tasty & delicious!-Drinking water did not taste filtered (usually from the soda machine), it tasted like Phoenix tap.-Convenient parking.-The ladies restroom smelled like sewer (not like someone who just made a stinky in the stall, but the foul aroma of a sewage drain)...-Despite the smelly restroom, I would definately eat here again!
3	I've learned to lower my expectations when it comes to Chinese buffers. However, I have to say, I was a little impressed. The food was fresh and quite tasty. Not a fan of the Hot & Sour soup though.
3	Very basic Chinese buffet. They have crab legs on the weekends. Some of the temps on the food was questionable....had a lot of yummy desserts. Service was great!
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =Four Seasons here, nee Bamboo Palace, closed, reopened as Hong Kong King Buffet & has now closed again!      :-O
