1	what the heck. I did smog other car from Jiffy smog on rainbow and paid $19.99.But this place charged me $27; $21 for smog and 6 for VIR fee. Whatever.
1	The people at these locations and the online customer support are useless, and rude.  I would not want to do business with any of these locations again.  Live and learn, and I won't be making the same mistake twice.
5	So fast, so convenient, less than 5 minutes from our house doesn't hurt either!!! I was smog tested, paid, and registered at the DMV in less than 15 minutes!!! DEFINITELY  bringing the other cars here and ALWAYS coming here!
1	The person here was one of the most unpleasant people I have ever met.  They wanted to charge me $10 for renewing my registration, which I can do at home, FREE.  Next time, I'll just take it somewhere else.
1	The guy charged me $30 only to tell me afterward that my car didn't pass because the check engine light was on. Thanks jerk, you could have told me that before you charged me the $30! Then I might have come back to you guys in the future, instead I'll go elsewhere and tell all my friends and family to go elsewhere too! A little kindness could have gone a long way in my book.
5	I've never had issues with this place.   My 1998 BMW M3 passed in five minutes of pulling up.  My technician drove a green sports bike.  Fast efficient and he didn't try to find a reason to fail me like other places would.
1	Awfull service..don't go here...the guy kept my coupon to give me a discount on my smog check, and when the car failed its smog bec I just had the battery jumped , refused to give it back and charged me $10 for failing and no free retest..DO NOT GO HERE unless you want to lose your money and fail your smog.
1	Yes, they're quick - but they overcharge you and have no concept of "customer service". They pulled the old bait and switch the price on me when I tried to redeem a coupon but only AFTER they'd already done the test. I won't be back and recommend you go somewhere else!!
1	Really bad service. Seems like it would be quick since no one was there, wrong..guy took my competitor coupon, and then said the car didn't pass, prob bec of a recent battery change. Charged me for the smog check, and said I would have to pay full price again if I came back although he did say I just have to drive it around for 30 miles before it will prob pass...asked for m6 coupons back, guy refused! DON'T go here..lots of better places.
