4	I like the burgers, cheese curds, and darts at this bar.  But only really if I'm there with a bunch of friends and we're dominating the upstairs loft area.  The juke box is unfortunately sucky.
4	I'm with Kate all the way on this place. It's a great bar to hang out with some of your cronies upstairs and get a burger. Some of the clientele scared me at times and yes, the jukebox is a myriad of classic rock. And oddly enough, the crowd doesn't really vary from the day to the night. I only discovered this place after living down on University which was a shame, but I'm glad I got here while I could.
3	This is a weird semi-suburban scene filled with odd looking single professional thirty-somethings, made all the more weird by the fact that this is a really small demographic in Madison (small gene pool).
2	Definitely a mixed crowd as stated before.  Decent food, a nice place to watch the game that is on that day.  Not a place where I am a regular, but there seem to be the same faces every time I walk by...weird. 2 stars.
3	Eh.  Buger was okay.
5	Best burgers in Madison.
3	I still remember the classic Moe story on this establishment.There was a BABY SHOWER in the bar once.  A BABY SHOWER... YES.And many a time there are post wedding parties, with a bride in a wedding dress playing pool.Which comes to the reason why I go.  Yes, there's a pool table.  And while I SUCK at the game (ungodly I know, given my excellent geometry skills), there's something about having a tough day at work, and going to the bar, a bucket of fries, mozz sticks and jalapeno poppers, a corona, and pool.Many rave about the Blue Moon burger (husband included).  However, this comment is lost in a vegetarian like me, even if there ARE veggie burgers... This is the kind of bar where... everybody knows your name...Jukebox is ok.  They show football games (if you're interested in this kinda thing, which I"m not, but who are we kidding I live in WI)...And well... it's the local neighbourhood bar, close to home... :)
4	Good burgers, try the cheese curds.
3	Speaking as someone who does not eat meat ever/very often, I am not impressed with the food as my options are extremely limited.  I am impressed with the atmosphere and beer selection. If  I lived closer, I'd hang out here.
3	The Blue Moon is a nice laid-back neighborhood bar that is a comfortable place to meet up after class or on a weekend afternoon to watch the game and play a little pool.  I used to frequent the place regularly when I lived a few blocks away in my college days, but now that I'm out in Middleton I don't get back that often.  A place like the Blue Moon is a good decision when it's only a few blocks from your place and even better when it's on your way home after class, but it's not exactly a destination you would make a special effort to get to.  The bar has a fairly comfortable layout, with a smallish ell-shaped bar up front with an open grill at the end.  Past the bar is an open area with tables and stools.  There is a staircase near the front door, and I prefer to go upstairs whenever there aren't seats at the bar.  There is a pool table upstairs and an assortment of boothes and tables, some overlooking the open ceiling to the areas below.  If you go on a busy night (Fridays or Game Days are generally packed) it can be difficult to find a seat.  The atmosphere of the place is always pretty relaxed, and it is true that the jukebox is not very good.  Fortunately it isn't set at ridiculously loud sound levels like many places in Madison, so it's easy to escape the hair metal by going upstairs or to the end of the bar.  There's a good deal of TVs showing a variety of games, and it was always one of my favorite places to go on Sunday to watch a variety of football games while shooting pool with my friends.  I saw that there were a couple of tables out on the sidewalk the last time I was there, which should be pretty nice on warmer months.The menu at the Blue Moon is a bit light, focusing on mostly sandwiches and appetizers with a special Friday fish fry.  There are usually daily lunch and dinner specials which do round out the selection a bit more.  When in season I highly recommend the chili, and the soup appears to be homemade and is usually good.  As for the sandwiches, most of my friends find the burgers good and I can't disagree.  My favorite is the Spanish, which is a burger with pepperjack, pico and olives.  There's also a burger called the Piledriver that my friend used to get that was egregious in size - a half pound burger with ham, onions and like 3 different cheeses.  The angioplasty comes separate, and you've gotta go across the street for that.  Last Friday we went because my friend wanted the fish fry, and I decided to try the cajun chicken sandwich.  It was fairly standard but well seasoned.  The tap selection at the bar is good, with a couple of Capitals and Spotted.  I've never gotten a cocktail but the bar seems decently stocked.  I also remember that in college they used to have cans of Blatz for 75 cents, which brought me in like a moth to a flame on those lean days before payday.  The service is generally pretty quick.  Last Friday at the height of the fish fry rush we waited a bit to order but our drinks came quickly.  The bartenders have always been friendly, as have the regulars.  The place is a solid 3.5 stars, and if the menu were a bit broader or the jukebox less crappy I'd definitely give this place a four.  It's not a flashy place and the food isn't gourmet by any means, but that isn't something you look for in a neighborhood bar anyways.  The Blue Moon plays the part well, and for that I always like to stop by when I'm in the neighborhood.
3	This is a State Steet type of bar that is not on state.  Cheap tap beers, typical bar food.  It may be time for an update and some new menu items.....
4	Best Cajun burger maybe ever.  Solid mushroom Swiss burger and fish fry.  Plenty of TVs to watch sports.  About 12 quality beers on tap and a decent selection of scotch. Pool table and booths up top. great local bar.
4	This was a pretty good place. Nice burger selection. We split a blue moon burger and an order of cheese curds. You get A LOT of curds so you could even split an order among 3 or 4 people. The burger was tasty, almost like a loose meat burger. I liked it. They have tables downstairs and 3 booths upstairs. The booths aren't particularly comfortable. But it had a light airy atmosphere and I would come back again.
3	Quick review: A friendly neighborhood bar; parking is sparse.  Reasonable prices, good burgers (well, good bar food in general), limited selection of tap beers.  Nice change of pace from the usual players.Detailed review: I stopped in here tonight to check out the burger and curds - people had been telling me they were both fantastic, so I wandered in to the Blue Moon at around 6:30, hungry and looking for action.I was immediately taken aback by how tiny the place is.  It looks much bigger from the outside.  The bar will seat 10 people at the most... there are high-top tables around the bar area that may seat another 40, and a handful of booths upstairs.  Pack 75-80 people in here, and it would be quite uncomfortable.That said, I found a seat at the tiny bar and placed my order for a Capital Maibock.  I browsed the menu for a bit; bartender was quite busy... he was the only bartender, plus he served double duty as the cashier (and correct, they do not accept plastic).I ordered a bacon cheeseburger (cooked medium) with cheese curds.  Big mistake... I should've ordered halves of everything - the servings are HUGE.  I can pack away food, but when the burger and curds arrived, I almost had a stroke - they're monsters.The burger was quite good, and it was cooked to a perfect medium - a feat lost on most Wisconsin eateries.  The bacon was tender and smoky, the beef had a decent flavor, and the slice of raw onion (by request) was the perfect compliment.  The bun was soft and not overbearing.  Definitely worth $7.  (extras, like lettuce, tomato, and so on do carry an additional charge of around $0.50 - $0.90)The curds were good as well.  Not as good as say Jordan's Big 10 Pub's curds, but solid.  Mine were slightly overcooked, but they still hit the spot.  Unfortunately I could only eat about 1/4 of them - there were simply too many of them for me to handle.Total bill for the curds, burger, and 4 beers: $23.  I also made friends with some of the regulars and wound-up enjoying the entire experience.  I'll be back.Blue Moon Bar & Grill = WINFood = 3.5 starsService = 3 starsValue = 3.5 starsMISC = 2.5 stars (small, cold, hard to find parking, rather drab inside)
4	You know, I have a knack of always managing to sit by the scary, crazy guy when I dine alone. I was really, really, really hoping that this would only be a CA thing and that other states would not bring me this problem.No. I really do have a talent of sitting by crazy people...nationwide. So, despite the fact that I was flanked by a drunk who was obsessed with both his fake knees and trying to sue corporate America, a photographer who kept trying to smoke me out, a professor who fancied fine scotch and corrected my grammar, and two girls singing Meatloaf....well...guess that tells you about the culture now, doesn't it?! Pretty fun place that's not overwrought with drunk college students becuase it's a little bit of a distance from campus.Milwaukee, a little over an hour from Madison, is a beer-drinker's city. I hate beer; but it is important to mention that a lot of beer comes from WI. Mind you, it's mostly Pabst, Schlitz, and stuff of that caliber. But there are also some fine WI staples and microbrews....Spotted Cow coming up the most....many of which are on tap here. That said, I was both surprised and impressed that Sierra Nevada was also on tap here. But, it's not a trip to Wisconsin without indulging in what they do best, fried cheese curds. If you've never had them, imagine fried mozzarella...but much better. They were pretty good here; but I wish they came with marinara sauce instead of (or in addition to) ranch.Bar staff is pretty cool.
4	Nicely remodeled Wisconsin neighborhood bar with great food. Be sure to try their BLTs and hamburgers. FF cheese curds are great too.
3	Fish Fry reviewed on my site (10/29/10).  Summary: Great baked fish, stellar quality with great service.  Would recommend.  For full details, please see my site.
5	You lucky SOBs... If the Blue Moon was in my hometown they would great me by name when I strolled in. The other reviewers are spot on great burgers, nice beer selection, drinks are heavy pours, and the service is efficient and friendly.. Oh and the prices are more than reasonable... My client said that the Friday fish diners are awesome... I stopped by with a colleague for a nightcap and we were quickly wishing we went here for dinner... So we decided to stop by for lunch the following day...My pepper jack cheeseburger with fried onions was cooked perfectly Med. Fries were old style and not greasy at all. Our server made sure our ice teas were always topped. Checking out the piles of food being delivered to other diners and the empty plates being returned confirmed that the Moon has got it going on..  A definite return visit when I return in May....
3	Selected the "lake perch" for Friday dinner.  Delicious!  Cole slaw was in very large chunks and not particularly tasty.  Nice dinner roll, but who needs bread and french fries.  Great, efficient waitress.  Very, very casual dress. A bit loud.  This is not the place for a quiet Friday night dinner, but it's a fairly good fish fry.  They don't take credit cards, but they have an ATM.
5	Friendly atmosphere. Great food. Nice selection of beers without having "hundreds on tap".
3	This place wasn't bad. But it was far from great. Good beers on tap and fine service. The walleye had the nasty skin on it and hard to remove. Probably should have gotten a burger instead. Probably won't be back because there are so many other great places in Madison. Also, they only take cash. Granted, they have an ATM, but that costs an addition 2 bucks. Not really worth the hassle.
5	This is my favorite bar in Madison. Their Long Islands are fantastic and they have a great beer selection. Everything I have ever eaten there has been delicious. I especially love their fish fry and clam chowder. Their staff is friendly and attentive and I love their upstairs seating area. I will keep coming back to Blue Moon over and over again!
5	This is my go to spot if I can't think of anywhere to go for a drink, cheese curds, a burger or to hang out with friends. I love being able to see the kitchen, the bartenders and waitstaff are friendly and accommodating, the food is good (my favorite curds in Madison) and a good beer selection!
4	Great bar-style food. Nice waitstaff. Could have a better atmosphere. Overall, a very satisfying experience that I would recommend. I know I'll be back.
2	I'm giving this two stars only because my server was really sweet & efficient, otherwise it would have been one, which is generous.  I was pleased with the idea of a bar within walking distance to my new place but unfortunately, this will not be it.  Place looked beat up & in need of some renovations.  Beer selection was impressive but the staff had no knowledge of descriptions.  Asked a few questions since I was trying to figure out a direction to be swayed in & the bartender looked puzzled then picked up the beer menu to read the description.  Sliders?  If I were in a TGIF's in the 90's this would be "trendy" but I wasn't.  Although after being informed it was cash only, it appears as though I was transported back in time.  Service was good after moving to a table but she seemed frazzled with a lot of tables & again, didn't seem to know what was available on draught.  Witnessing the staff openly fighting with eachother didn't exactly make me want to even bother making a return visit in order to give it a second chance.
4	Great pick of the day for lunch.  Burger was one of the best I have every had in the Madison area, perfect med...nice wait-staff at the bar (good personality, attentive - but not all over me).  Because of time commitment, had to take some to go...what service, got boxes and bagged up with napkins and all.  Highly recommend, wish I did not have to go back to work so I could have had a few pints.
5	This place has a lot of character, great beer and excellent food. I had one of if not the best Reuben ever. The food is home made. The clam chowder has real clams and thankfully, they were not rubbery but rather cooked to perfection. I highly recommend Blue Moon Bar & Grill when in Madison, WI.
5	Melt-in-your-mouth food...and close to my office! Bring cash, though...no plastic!
2	CASH ONLY2.5 starsDecent burger.  Decent drinks.  Iffy vibe.  More of a bar than a grill.  Not family friendly.
5	Love this place! Very diverse menu. Super fun staff!Beer menu changes often. Always something new to try! Check it out!
5	Definitely enjoy the atmosphere and the awesome servers there. Food is always well prepared and their specials are awesome. I go there at least every other week just because they've always been consistently great in all aspects of their food and service.
4	I went for an "extended" 8 mile walk on Saturday afternoon, post-Badgers of course.  My exercise brought me from Weston Place, downtown to pre-Freakfest activities  and back home again, but not without a stop at the Blue Moon Bar & Grill.I had been once before, but we a couple of locals looking only to add to a five hour buzz.  This time was different and boy I am happy I stopped.The beer selection is great.  Not to many, not too few.  The bartender (I think Jim) was very knowledgeable on beer as I asked for a malty, strong beer and he delivered with a Karben4 Lucky Lady Red Ale.  The atmosphere was definitely bar, but upscale slightly based on the clientele.  I was only stopping for one beer when I struck up a conversation with a delightful gentleman who recommended the burgers.  Being it was 7 o'clock and I was working on toast and 3 beers for the day, I decided on the mushroom and swiss burger would hit the spot....and it did not disappoint....definitely one of the best burger I have had, period.  Of course another beer was needed....and then I called it a night as I still had a mile walk ahead of me.I highly recommend a stop.  Don't be afraid that if looks like a neighborhood bar; it is and much more.  Everyone was friendly and the bartender was excellent.  In the overused words of Arnold...."I'll be back"I am out!
1	Awesome beer but Veggie burger tastes nasty. A hint of curry, thyme, not sure here but kinda strange and Not a good experience. 1 of 5 stars. At most. A few years ago ur veggie burger rocked !! Please change ur recipe back. Ill be back then!
2	Its a Wisconsin bar.  Lighting is pretty bad, space isn't that comfortable but the beer and bar food get the job done, I guess.  Service is...well, its a bar.  Burger is ok but definitely NOT worth the hype.  The whole place could use an update.
4	I somehow found my self here two times in one week and both experiences were great. The hostesses were polite and efficient and the bartender was very well knowledge on any questions we had on the beer. I really appreciate the managers letting us have our little event there, as I know we were extremely rowdy. Even with us being loud and obnoxious it did not stop the customers one bit, which tells you how awesome Madison can be. The food was great and the beer was awesome.
4	Great food, ambiance, service and evening. Splurged and got the white truffle risotto and wish it was worth the extra . The desserts were to die for!
