5	H1P is pretty much the go-to shop among so many auto enthusiasts in this city - and for a good reason. Eladio, the local specialist, loves his work. It shows in his extreme knowledge and countless hours poured into getting the job done right. I say this with certainty not only through my own experiences but through so many others. He simply wouldn't be the guy literally everyone I know recommends in a heartbeat without this kind of work ethic and standard.He can do anything from your standard maintenance to modifications and mechanical repair. If you have an idea in mind, he can also help you get some guidance in what to do and help you execute it. Definitely give H1P a call for what ever you need with a car. Simply the best in the city.
1	Eladio is nothing but a CROOK!!!!! I had my brothers 240sx motor swap done last summer and since then nothing but PROBLEMS!!! First off it took him 3 months to do the work! 3 months when other techs told me something like that should have been acomplished in 1 month tops!  Now the car has been sitting up north in a shop for about 2 months and the techs there are saying its the most slopped together job they have ever seen on a swap!!! One other down side is that be careful with Eladio because if you call him for help all he tells you is "YOU SIGNED OFF TO NEVER COME BACK TO THIS SHOP AGAIN!!"  What the hell kind of service is that. Concluding this shortly because theres to much to say is that dont EVER go to this mans shop hes nothing but a CROOK!!!!!!!!!
5	I love driving cars, but when it comes to major repair work, I admit my flaws at fixing them. That's where Eladio of H1 Performance comes in. Eladio is very passionate about his work, which makes it more than just a job for him. Every time I have come in to get work done to my car, Eladio and his staff are always honest, friendly, and quick to get the job done. Not to mention his prices are very fair (For example, I was once quoted a large bill for a timing belt/water pump/front seal replacement by one shop. To my surprise, H1P quoted me the same work for several hundred less).The quality of the work is also outstanding. Factory or high quality parts are always used if your own are not supplied. H1P is the go-to shop for all of my friends' cars, and the quality of Eladio's work shows in the fact that he is constantly busy... So it helps to call and schedule an appointment ahead of time. The BEST shop that I have dealt with in my almost three decades in the valley. It is definitely the standard that all auto repair shops should look to.
5	I had lowering springs and an alignment done on my Mini. Excellent job at a reasonable price. I would return for future service.
1	H1 performance is a crooked shop! I had a motor swap done there and it took eladio this so called specialist 3 months to only finish 85% of the swap. Then the family and I show up to talk to him about why it's taken so long and he had no answer for us. I'm sorry but I'm in the customer service business and we don't disrespect customers and make them feel like they don't no anything! Mr Eladio is not a professional by no means and I will never return to his shop again! The service that was great was his mother and how she treated my family when we were there but that's all. Eladio needs to re think his customer service skills moving forward.
5	Dr. E is honest, trustworthy, and just good at what he does.
5	Eladio took care of me. Got corner balanced and aligned and now my car handles great. He also fixed some safety issues while under my car. Great pricing and great work!
5	Eladio is awesome, I have had quite a few things done at his shop and you know he is great because every time he is booked solid with repeat business. He is great at finding things other mechanocs cant and is very knowledgeable when it comes to performance and upgrades.  Very good prices and the most honest and streight forward guy you can meet.
5	A friend refered me to H1 and I see why. Great and fast service. Best of all, best prices on any job. I got my car lowerd here and H1beats every other shop out there even including a goto shop that I've been going to for years. I guess I'll be returning to H1 (Eladio) for any other customs and repairs. Thanks Eladio!
