5	I love this park. The dog area is a little tricky to find the 1st time you go since its actually in the basin. People are wonderful. We've been going since the day the park opened and I can count on 1 hand how many "problems" I have seen. Separate areas for large/small dogs. Drinking fountains for people/pets. Lots of benches. People are great and dogs are well behaved. Only complaint is no lights at night...which are rumored to be coming in the summer of 2011!
4	Very nice open area that includes 3 different dog areas based on your canine's size. The grass is almost always green and well maintained. The owners are very good at keeping close eye on their pets.
5	I've been to many other dog parks in Las Vegas and Henderson. This one is the biggest (approx 5 acres) by far. Has both large dog and small dog areas. The dog park is reasonably well maintained (IE. Dogi bags restocked, trashcans emptied, grass trimmed, yada,yada, yada.). Bunker Parks' staff has been cut back this year (2011) so the grounds are feeling the pinch. All in all, I give it five stars without a doubt.
4	This is a great dog park. There's a lot of room for them to go nuts! However, that in itself being great is also one of it's downfalls. I feel like I have to follow my dog everywhere to make sure he's not leaving surprises or having issues with other dogs. So I can't really relax here, but it is beautiful.
4	My dog, Zoey and I frequent this dog park and we love it. There are 3 different fenced-in areas: one for large dogs, one for small dogs and one that is closed off so the grass has a chance to grow back. The park maintenance team does a good job at rotating the areas so there is grass for the pups at all times. Each area has a water fountain (at human level and dog level), covered seating and multiple entrances. I go there almost daily and I have found that on average the dogs (and their owners) are very nice and well mannered but I highly suggest staying aware of the dogs coming in the park. Sometimes (as at any dog park) idiots bring their aggressive dogs who have been cooped up all day and they almost always cause a problem BUT if you pay attention you can almost always avoid the problem because of the multiple exits. Overall, this park is great. They have recently put in lights so people can stay after dark. Those lights should be turning on within the next couple weeks. Hooray!
5	New puppy is six months old and full of energy. It's killing me....waking up at 5:30.......dashing round the house like a lunatic........aaaaaaaaaaaargh. The answer? More exercise! So I take little dog and bigger dog to Barkin' Basin Dog Park. I will exercise her into the ground , I hope.....So, the park? It's actually 3 parks , big dogs , small dogs and a spare park that they put into rotation. It's huge , like a football field , flat , short grass and safely fenced. A few benches in shaded areas , I didn't see much poop , all the dogs and owners were friendly although as I was leaving I saw a scary looking tattooed ( two full sleeves and one leg! ) lady walking towards the park with a pit bull. But the dogs ran around with some equally energetic new pals and all was good. Top notch, now if she sleeps all night..............
5	Hey Las Vegas yelpers!Thanks for all the great reviews!Came here the other day with my teacup yorkie puppy. Place looks great.  Section for large and small dogs which is nice. I plan on bringing her here tomorrow morning for some fun in the sun and hopefully great socializing with other dogs.Only thing I don't like is the 9.5 mile drive from me... but I like having my puppy have her play time so it's worth the drive.If you have a dog and live in the area... make the drive and check it out. 4 months and older welcomed.Love it here.-Miss Yelp 2011
5	This is a great dog park.  There are 3 runs, 2 large and one small, which are a good size.  It is very clean, not like some that I have been to.  This is an all around park which includes the dog park.  There is a playground, walking track, rest facility, cooking facilities and tennis courts.  This is a great place to come let the dog play, have a picnic or simply to go for a walk.
5	This is a Great Dog Park/ Park in General. There is 3 areas for dogs but 2 is always open the 3rd one is closed. They switch it up so the grass can grow back.They finally have lights so everyone can stay a bit longer at night.People here & their dogs are very friendly. But some owners get carried away chatting and forget to pick up after their dogs. =TSo watch out for poop.In the summer time people bring water & ice buckets for their dogs. Note: If your dog is going to share the water or play in the water bucket. Owners should be kind enough/courtesy to go refill the water jugs/bottles from the fountain. Don't pretend your dog didn't drink the water. Help out. Everyone here is enjoying their time & letting their dogs have fun. DOGS need to be HYDRATED & drink lots of water.  Please DON'T Bring FOOD or DOG TREATS in the dog park. Don't feed other people's dog any food/treats. YOU DON'T KNOW IF THEY ARE ALLERGIC OR MAY HAVE A BAD REACTION. You don't walk up to a person's baby and feed them so don't feed other people's dog. Same Concept. The park has a track, tennis courts, horse shoe game thing, dunno what it's called, play area for younger kids with slide, swings, etc, BBQ area, and a stake park for older kids but this is in the beginning of the park. Dog park is at the end of the park area in the back.
5	My pup and I love this dog park! It's HUGE so there is lots of room for her to run and run and run which is her favorite thing to do. There are three very large sections, one for small dogs, one for large, and one that remains empty and occasionally they will rotate the sections for regrowth of grass. There are several "poop stations" with handy bags for your use in cleaning up after your dog (although I bring my own bags). PLEASE CLEAN UP AFTER YOUR PUP! It's the simplest courtesy and helps maintain a clean and friendly dog park. This park is lighted until 10:00pm which is nice for people who have different work schedules than the usual 8am-5pm. There are several bench areas, including a few that are shaded which will be nice in the middle of summer. This is my first dog and I didn't realize that Dog Parks have their own culture and etiquette, so I'm learning the ropes! Most of the people here are very friendly though and since I've been coming several times a week I'm getting to know the regulars. I am better at learning and remembering the dog names than the people names! Bring your pup to Barkin' Basin! You'll both have a great time.
3	this place would be a lot better if people would follow one simple rule..small dogs go to the small dog park and large dogs go into the large dog park.common sense, right?
3	This is where I wanted to come to get my walking/running in and thought it would just be perfect!!! So, a girlfriend and I were here not even 20 mins and her car window was shattered and her wallet was stolen. I get that she should not have had her wallet in the car and hid it somewhere like the glove box or trunk or whatever but she did have it tucked under her seat pretty well. I'm not blaming the dog park for this but it sucked! We aren't going back just because when we called the cops about this they said that a lot of cars had been getting hit with this lately and all those people that called in said they were doing the same as us. If this had not happened though, we would probably still go here because it is a great place to get your run in.
3	People, please spay/neuter your pets.  And PLEASE make sure your dogs are dog-friendly before bringing to a park!In terms of space, location, and shade, this place is great - there are the separate areas for small dogs and big dogs, and benches for their humans to sit on while they play.  The first time I brought my little dog to Barkin Basin, we had a great time - he ran around with other little dogs, and seemed to really enjoy himself.  The other dog owners were very friendly, and had obviously been coming for a long enough time to know each other very well.  It's summer, so it's probably best to come early morning or after 7pm - it's still very hot out, and while there are water fountains, it's best to bring a few bottles of water and a bowl (everyone's dog drinks from everyone elses' bowls!)The last two times I've been, however, were a different story - my little (boy, neutered) dog has been humped relentlessly by non-fixed and unsupervised dogs.  Worse yet, when the owners do finally see him being humped, they laugh and say it's happening because he's "cute".  My social, friendly puppy is getting a complex and becoming more wary of other dogs since he's continuously violated.  And it's no fun for me, since I'm constantly picking him up and shooing off the other dogs.  As another review said, some owners do get carried away chatting - they seem to forget that they are there with their dogs, and definitely do not watch for pooping.  So, watch your dogs here please, make sure they're being friendly/not being harassed!  As for me, I think I'm going to explore some of the other parks as well.
4	So far I love this park the best of all the dog parks we've visited. The dog runs are humongous compared to all the dog parks we've visited thus far. Beautiful views of the mountains in the distance, no car noise from busy streets. I would give this park 4.5 stars if I could, half point deduction for the dry worn out grass. It's to be expected, tons of dog trotting around daily does a number on it. Lots of benches for the humans, some in nicely shaded areas. Nice thick poop bags that were well stocked and plenty of garbage cans. Water fountain for humans and canines.We arrived in the afternoon and there were dozens of dogs coming and going. Each dog run has multiple gates to get in and out. One of the gates leads to the drainage area if you wish to take a stroll not so park like.The dogs and humans we met were great and you can tell the humans really cared about their dogs. That fact alone will have us driving the extra couple miles. One of the humans told us it can get crazy on weekends and at night, and the park is not incident free in regards to aggressive dogs and in attentive owners. We keep our radar on at all times for both, it one of those things you can't avoid.Looking forward to our next visit.
5	I love this park more and more, walked around the actual park this time, it's not huge but it's quite nice. Skate park, kids play area, jogging path, etc. We encountered a girl with a full grown German Shepherd that she couldn't control and got out of its collar, luckily my husband was with me and the dog charged but never did anything. People need to be aware of stupid people like this one.But we had fun with lots of great dogs and their humans at the dog park again.
5	Huge area for the dogs to roam and play safely. Three sections which rotate to keep them from being over used and clean. Separate areas for big and smaller dogs although they tend to meet at the fence and run together anyway.Most of the other dog owners pick up after their dogs, so the park is pretty clean and doesn't smell like some other ones I've been to in Las Vegas.The walking trails around the park also is a great way for you and your dogs to get some exercise and is well maintained.   Lights at night for the dog area is a huge plus as well.
5	Look down into the basin or you'll miss it!Thank goodness my hubby looked over the mounds of gravel to look down into the basin to find this gem of a dog park within walking distance from our home. The dog park is not only full of healthy grass and each section is HUGE. By the time our dog ran to the edge of the fence he was a tiny dot in the distance. What I really like about this place is that they built the benches down the center of the dog park for us humans. I like this because a lot of the other dog parks that I've gone to have seating on one edge of the park and if your dog runs to the other side and makes a #2 you'd never be able to see him unless you followed him around the park,...thereby increasing your chances in stepping on said 'poo'. So happy we found this place and we will most definitely be regulars here!
5	me and my dogs love this park!!! we're here almost every day!!! we always go to the small dogs area.   My poodles enjoy playing with the other small doggies.  They get to run around free, play with other dogs, exercise.   I have also met nice people there with their doggies.   My two poodles Oreo & Paolo loves this park.
5	My roommate and I bring our 3 dogs here to play at least 3 days a week. We love the doggie water fountains, trees, the amount of available shade and seating. Everyone in my house can realistically spend hours enjoying this park. Thank you.
4	Very friendly park. My dog is so shy, but loves this place. There are big dog area and small dog area all fenced off. I enjoy seeing my dog play with others, and also chatting with the owners. It's about a 20-30 minute drive from where we live, but this is our favorite so far. It's the next best thing after hiking with my dog up Mt. Charleston. Park on Teneya side of the park or it's easy to miss.
5	I've been in Las Vegas for almost 45 days due to a medical emergency with my dad but a few days ago I went home to L.A. and brought my dachshund, Chief, back with me.  While I was gone, my dad was transferred to Silver Hills and I was thrilled to find Barkin' Basin Dog Park. It the first time I took Chief to a dog park and it was a fantastic experience. Many of he other dog parents there are regulars but didn't hesitate to make me feel welcome. Likewise, we had the welcoming dog committee greet Chief immediately upon entering. Being a dog lover from L.A., I couldn't think of a better place to have my first dog park experience and I'll be a new regular until I head back home. If you're a local, you have an awesome place to take your dogs to so take advantage of it!
5	We will definitely be frequent goers! My 4 & 1/2 month old husky pup absolutely loved it here yesterday! It is so spacious and there are quite a few puppies that were there for my pup to play with. He is still scared of some of the curious bigger dogs, but hopefully going here frequently will allow him to get used to them. We love how tired he is after running and playing. He just knocks out right away when we get home! No more energy to be mischievous at home haha.
5	Loved this doggie park! It is huge, with 3 dog areas for small, medium and large dogs. It is attached to a nice park with a short looped jogging trail, horse shoes, a volleyball court, picnic tables with BBQ grills, a couple of playgrounds, a skate park, grass for the kids to play, and more. Could easily spend all day here with friends and or family here- and of course the pups!.
4	Cute little dog park. There's a side for little dogs and side for big dogs. It's pretty clean and the dogs had fun.
5	Just went here tonight. We live absolutely nowhere near this park but we like taking our pup around town to explore other parks. This park is almost too big! But it's beautiful. Our biggest complaint at other dog parks is there's always too much dirt & too much poop! This place was the dog park of our dreams! Although, I almost needed binoculars to keep an eye on our pup and to spot when & where he pooped! I saw what looked like him squatting and then walked across the park, trying not to take my eyes off where he pooped but at the same time making sure I didn't step in any poop. And much to my surprise I didn't see any at all!  I cleaned up after my pup, let him chase all the dogs and then we went home. Oh how I wish this was our neighborhood dogpark!!
5	There are 3 large fenced in areas for small me and dium and large dogs! My dog loves being able to explore while I sit in the shade under the canopy!
4	After going to a smaller dog park I decided to try this one after a few months.  I love the space here for the dogs. There is a lot of running room.  I prefer to walk around the dog park instead of sitting, but they do have multiple spots under canopies for shade. People here are nice and most dogs are well behaved. I love coming here to not only let my dog play, but to check out other dogs that come here. They're all really playful and not aggressive.I did encounter a couple who's dog bit my husky on the snout which obviously infuriated me after I noticed she was bleeding.  They quickly left & I haven't seen them since.  Accidents happen and dogs act how they will, but to leave without saying anything is what made me mad.  Some owners here let their dogs do whatever and don't stop them.  For the most part, people here are nice and almost all dogs are well behaved, or being trained and learning to be well behaved. It's a great place for interaction!!
5	Love it! Went early in the morning before it got too hot- only two other dogs there and they were super friendly. They have benches n shaded areas for owners, little water fountains for the dogs. They do not supply feces bags so definately bring your own.
5	Clean, friendly and a lot of space! Definitely my new dog park! I love  the separation of dogs by weight. The friendliness of the dog parents is amazing, it reminds me of the good ol west Texas hospitality.
5	Clean, large open spaces (3 lots) makes it compelling to return and let the little one run around with fellow canines. Folks are as nice as their pets and vice versa. There's a great trail around the basin and a track around the main park. It was nice to see some folks actually walk around the park too rather than just sit and watch their pets get all the exercise.
5	LOVE! There are actually three large fenced-in areas but it seems they only ever keep two open at a time...one for large dogs and one for small dogs. Senior and disabled dogs are always welcome in the small dog area and any owner with both sized dogs can bring them both in the large area. It seems very well kept. Very green grass (sometimes a rare find for Vegas!) and always a nice number of people around. Not too crowded but always lots of dogs for mine to play with. Shaded areas and benches for the humans and trees and wide open space for the canines. Water fountain (and one on the ground for the dogs) is located within the park. My only complaint is that there are a few gates that would be easy for a dog to escape. The main gate is doubled so that you enter once, close that door and then enter the next so that any dogs don't get out. That's great but there are a few regular gates around the perimeter that make me nervous. I'm sure it's a safety/emergency exit situation but for some reason some owners will use these! Annoying! So just be sure to keep a close eye on your dog to make sure they don't get out. I wish people wouldn't use those entrances...but I suppose not everyone is thoughtful enough to realize this. Otherwise me (and the Pup!) love this dog park!
5	Love this park. We have had plenty of bbqs and birthdays parties here. There is also a walking trail that I enjoy running in the afternoons. Only tip I have is since there is a dog park at this park, be prepared to see many dogs. Also, there is a skate park at this park too. It's interesting to watch the kids do tricks.
5	Just went here last night. We happen to live on the opposite side of town but we wanted to try a new dog park for our miniature pincher. This park is Huge! And really nice. Lot and lots of green grass. If you have a small dog it can be challenging spotting your pup because the park is simply that big. But it's a really nice and extremely clean park which we all liked! Will definitely take our pup again. Wish it was closer to us tho. - Joe
5	We come here all the times with our dogs and it's a pretty clean place. There are 3 runs and they are so big. There are seats with shade, water fountain for dogs and people. The people that come here are nice and they keep their eyes on the dogs. The park also has beautiful green grass with tree lined walking trail, tennis, children playground, grill area with a beautiful mountain view.
