5	Fantastic hip little boutique. My girlfriend found some really nice jewelry here. Good for guys too. Nice combination of vintage, local designers and other interesting pieces. A must visit if you are walking around this neighborhood.
4	Great, unique, adorable jewelery here for sure, and some wonderful clothes all individually selected by the owner, a mix of vintage and independent designers. The vintage is a little on the pricey side in my opinion, but it's certainly well chosen and high quality. Also should note: the boutique is no longer located on Mount Royal, it's now in a 2 story space around the corner at 4357 Boul. Saint-Laurent - http://oldgoldboutique.com/contact
3	Hodge- podge of various stuff, can be hit or miss affair, you have to check the place out on a regualr basis. I did manage to a score a couple of deals, other times I found nada. All depends on what's come in.
4	Had a great experience here. We stumbled on this shop on our last day in Montreal. I wasn't too eager to shop since i had such bad experiences at some other Montreal boutiques, but here I found really great pieces for myseld and two watches for my husband.The store is a mix of vintage and fashion forward mens and women's wear with a bit of beauty, stationary, and accessories to boot. I loved everything from Won Hundred, YMC, Leatherworks, APC, Wood Wood, and Malin & Goetz. I picked up a great dress, a vintage canvas backpack, and some beauty products.  I really enjoyed chatting with the staff too! I actually signed up for their email list...cant wait to see their email updates!
5	This is my dream in boutique form. A store with chic, women's clothing that has nary a frill or frip or sequin in sight, but remains distinctly feminine. I loved and wanted everything. They carry such a nice mix of brands, many from Japan, Korea, Denmark, and Sweden. A good mix of price points, lovely layout for the store, and very knowledgable staff. I will definitely be making a trip here for some fashionable workwear the next time that I'm in Montreal.
