3	24-hour coffee in a 24-hour town.  What a concept!I've driven by It's a Grind countless times as it's right near my apartment.  It was only a few weeks ago that I decided to stop in during the overnight hours.  Just one other person was there at the time, which made getting my order a breeze.  I got some type of brownie to go with my chai.  I should have known better.  You won't get the freshest of items during off hours.  I also had my computer with me but couldn't get online despite the claims of free wi-fi.I returned a second time, but via drive-through.  I got some type of white chocolate blended ice thing.  It was great but kinda expensive.  A little bit more than Starbucks even.  I'll probably return, but not too often given the price.
4	It's A Grind is a great place for a college student.  I've been here countless nights cramming for my exams.  They're open 24 hours a day (I don't know of any other coffee shops that are open 24/7), their drinks keep me up and their free Wi-Fi keeps me busy.  I'm not much of a coffee drinker but I can say, I enjoy their drinks much more than Starbucks.  The only down side is that they're a bit small, so you might have to wait for a table to study.
3	I was bummed when I found out on my last visit that they no longer offer "free" wi-fi.  Although, they still have wi-fi they give you a password to timed access depending on how much you spend.  It's smart on their part but sucky for the rest of us poor college students.  Under $1.99 - free 30 min$2-$3.99 - free 1 hour$4-$4.99 - free 2 hoursOver $5 - free 4 hours
3	Bummer...good passionfruit iced tea but they advertise as 24 hours on web site and door but kicked me out at 10:30?!?! Lame!  I should've driven 2 more seconds to the 24 hour Starbucks!
4	Started going back to this place recently and remembered why I like it so much more than Starbucks/Coffee Bean.  But they make the best chai lattes in town.  A tad more expensive than Starbucks, but worth it.  Another plus: the people who work there seem a lot more "real" than those who wear matching black shirts and green aprons.
4	I like their hazelnut coffee, nice outdoor seating, ample parking.
4	I go here a LOT. So much so that my students know its where I stop almost everyday. I'm mostly a tea drinker,  and like their passion and black iced teas. I do have to ask for light ice sometimes as they do put a lot of ice in and not so much tea sometimes. I also enjoy their ice blended drinks in the summer and their hot chocolates in the winter.They are great to get a bagel and cream cheese from because unlike most places that put the bagel in the bag and add a cream cheese, they actually toast the bagel, spread on the cream cheese and cut it in half. Perfect for hurried commutes!The only thing I wish they would add is a loyalty card of some sort, even Starbucks has one now.I really enjoy this place and I am a former starbucks barista!
1	I hate to do this as I go there a lot and I really do like it most of the time. My experience this morning though wasn't good . I stopped by on my way to work there were a few cars in the drive thru so I figured I could go inside. There was only one person ahead of me and she was already being helped. The girls working were nice and apologized for the wait..but then I kept waiting and waiting and all I wanted to order was a bagel and an Iced Tea. One of the girls was startled as they now had like 5 cars in the drive thru and in addition to making coffee one of the girls started cracking eggs for the breakfast sandwiches they serve.5 minutes had gone by and the woman in front of me still didn't have her complete order and I hadn't even been able to give my order, so I left. By that time there was 2 more cars in the drive through so, 7 total and another woman behind me who hadn't even been acknowledged.I went to the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf instead. Got to have my morning Iced Tea. I feel bad for the employees, they were obviously trying but there were only 2 of them and now that they make more than coffee it seems they should have more staff at peak times...
5	I go to two locations for It's A Grind, I like it the same. I do like this franchise better than Starbucks. It's A Grind's blended drinks have catchy names, tasty as well, such as the campfire chill, or the famous mocha mint. I feel like this is a chill coffee place, the people who work here are always down to earth. I like going to a place with good vibes, service, and good food/ drinks.
3	My Yelp habit has made me branch out a bit and try new places... that is why this morning I drove by the Starbucks I have been to 712863812 times and gave It's A Grind a try. I decided to use the drive-thru so no comments on the interior of the shop. There were three cars ahead of me so I had a bit of a wait. When it was my turn, I decided to keep it festive and got a large pumpkin latte. Larges are 24 oz. and cost $5.35It was a good latte, and service was very friendly, but for the price I can't see myself making it a regular stopping point.
2	Read about It's A Grind Coffee House in Vegas & wanted to try it.  This location is at 8899 S. Eastern Ave @ Pebble Rd.  It has a Drive-In.I got:Nutty Cow (hazelnut latte) $3.05 for single 12oz.  It's sweet & just average.  Like Starbucks without the lines or buzz.Cafe Latte $2.85 for Single 12oz.  B. thought it tasted like warm milk.  Charged it.  Nothing special about their coffee, do they have Peets in Vegas yet?
3	I like it here. It used to be a 24 hour it's a grind, (which I loved) but they closed it out and changed the name to what it is now. It's a step away from starbucks, they have really tasty pastries, the breakfast sandwhiches, and bagels are good, but the only downside is that they're a little greasy. The coffee never tastes like that nasty, bitter, pikes place or bold roast that starbucks offers. Their wifi is timed, but they'll give you more hours if you ask. Their prices are reasonable, and they have two really comfy couches, and standerd sit down tables for everyone else. Small place, but i'd rather go here then sb's.
4	First time I've ever seen this place, and first time I've ever stopped. When I'm looking for a quick treat I'll probably stop by again.I had their crushed coconut mocha which was creamy and delicious. Also grabbed a croissant with apricot and vanilla cream, and that was amazing as well.It was a little spendy, but considering the price of my favorite Starbucks drink just went up to $5 with tax, this seemed downright reasonable.
4	Since the last time I came it has changed hands, etc. Today, the guy who helped me was super nice! Im preggers so while i like coffee I tend to avoid coffee while I am in the delicate condition.He was nice enough to make me a Grasshopper blended without coffee, so its mint and chocolate, basically a shake. Its really rich and sweet but its yummy!I'll be back and once i can have my iced tea fix daily, Ill Really be frequent!
2	Ordered a triple latte and expected to receive a 20 oz. drink, which is what the huge sign above counter said.  But what I received was obviously much smaller. So I pointed it out and asked them to correct it.  I was given a larger cup and went home to enjoy my coffee.  But it still looked way too small. So I measured it out and turns out they had put it in a 16 oz. cup.  I went back, measuring cup in hand, and they tried to blame it on the cash register and then the owner, (all the while the manager is telling me how nice she had been to me earlier.)  Needless to say she was quite rude and simply told the barista to give me a medium to make up for the difference-he by the way was very nice and I felt badly for how she spoke to him.     I work for at s high-end hotel and know all about how to give good service and get repeat customers.  And although the coffee was great I won't be in any rush to go there again.
4	I am convinced that there are certain cursed locations in Las Vegas, this being one of them. No matter what goes up in these areas of town, they are replaced just as quickly. Perhaps all the Starbucks makes it difficult to stay in business, because the customer service is spot on. Is this the second or third coffee shop to open at this site?The employees here are wonderful. When I went in to ask for more ice in my passion fruit ice tea, I also got a top off with more of the fresh brewed stuff.  Also stole a few sips of a friends coconut mocha ice blended and it was delicious. It is not as sugary as a frappacinno, but there is no pretending that you cannot taste the fatty goodness. They also have Italian style drinking chocolate, I will wait until the winter to get that, because a thick, hot drink does not sound pleasant right now.
4	My first time here was a great experience. Both of the staff were very friendly & helpful. Looney Tuna on focaccia: fresh and tasty. Excellent!Madhouse chocolate: excellent thick hot chocolate. Just had to try it even though it is 105+ degrees today at lunchtime. Highly recommend & I'll be back.
3	Let's just say if it were just for the food and drinks it would be 2 stars. The service is awesome so 3 stars.We had the Groupon for $10 and ordered nutella tiramisu, a chocolate croissant, a red velvet mocha and a monkey mocha. Still ended up paying $8.. a little pricy.Nutella: I love nutella. I eat it plain. Tiramisu is one of my favorite desserts. I thought this would be a home run. Nope.. awful! Anyone who says otherwise needs to have their tastebuds evaluated. It tastes like expired cream cheese and cocoa with a crumble of espresso soaked ladyfingers. It's bad!Chocolate croissant: mediocreRed velvet mocha: AWESOME! It's 2am and I'm considering driving over for another. Best frozen coffee drink of all time. Kudos.Monkey mocha: I tried it. My brother wouldn't drink it, and he eats anything. It was okay. If you like the artificial banana flavor, you will love it. I think fresh bananas would work much better.I will be back for the red velvet. Completely worth it. Skip the pastries!
3	I wanted so badly to try their Famous Nutella Tiramisu- well it's just my luck that  it wasn't available on the day I went. They had regular and Mexican Tiramisu instead.... I wasn't really into those flavors as I already had my tastebuds ready for the Nutella one. However, I did get to sample the regular Tiramisu and that was OK- I'm not really a big fan of Tiramisu itself but I am a fan of Nutella... I was surprised to see that they also have a Strawberry Tiramisu  - I'd come back to try a slice of that one.*** Everything could be a bit cheaper if you ask me***I did notice that they had one Apricot Custard Croissant left- I claimed it and my daughter got the chocolate croissant. I have to say that the Apricot Croissant was hellah yummy....I loved that the Apricot was a bit tangy and the custard was so creamy but more like a pudding than a cream. The croissant itself was delish!!! The Apricot Croissant is a winner in my book....After eating the Apricot Croissant - the Chocolate croissant was Bleh to me, it didn't compare. I think it lacked Chocolate....I had a Mango/Green Tea Smothie with Whipped Cream and that drink was sugar overload. WAY TOO SWEET!!!! and I love sweets but damn...I do want to come back when it's cooler and try their hot chocolate, the cashier said that when the hot chocolate is at room temperature it becomesmore like a pudding, that's how chocolatety it is... Can't wait!!!This was my first time in here so I had alot of questions and the guy behind the counter tried his best to answer them however the young lady who took over  made me feel like I was holding her up from doing other stuff. I didn't like that at all and they lose a star for service....
1	We have been going to Madhouse coffee on Eastern for about a year now. After getting stale pastries and watered down coffee from the manager who works on Saturdays,  I was concerned when two of their best employees left. When I called the store to find out when the owner was going to be at the Eastern location, I was unaware that the manager's relative put my call on speaker phone so the manager could hear my comments without my permission. The next day, the manager confronted me in front of 10 customers and asked if I was the one who left a message to speak to the owner.  I was not prepared for the conversation and nor did I want to voice my concerns to someone who was looking for a fight and in a crowded coffee shop. If you don't care how hard you work for your money, then you can continue buying your coffee fix from them. But if you want to be respected for your business, then find another place to purchase your fix. This place does not care about customers since the manager was being confrontational with me in front of customers and lied about the product being fresh. She can't even make a good cup of coffee.  Customers shouldn't be expected to defend themselves if they have a problem with product they are paying for. Side note: the owner did call and try to make a mends but it was a little too late for that. With their prices, its not worth it.
4	I liked this little drive thru....I used to go to it when it was Saxby's and hadn't been there in awhile.  My husband and I stopped thru on a Sunday morning.  The drive thru was fast and easy, as to be expected.  Our drinks were good...my husband loved his white chocolate mocha.  I liked my chai tea latte...it was a little spicy for my normal liking.  The prices are very comparable to Starbucks or Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf.My favorite Mad House Coffee location is near Desert Breeze Park on Durango...the owner has a French Bulldog that looks just like mine and the seating outside is really nice.
5	I have been here twice now and both times were for several hours. The employees are beyond helpful and super nice. The sandwich I ordered today was delicious and the drinks both time were wonderful. Yes, it is pricey, but coffee everywhere is pricey now. And their cups of regular coffee are cheaper than Starbucks. Like nearly everyone has said, the red velvet mocha is to die for. Seriously yummy. Just don't order a large because it is HUGE. The only thing this shop could use is more power outlets.
3	I like to pay for real fresh coffee and so I stepped into this place to see if they had a real barrister or if this was kinda like the other places...Not bad, great service and friendly. Seemed to be small mom and pop place so it is both homey and quirky.Location - Easy to get to, on northwest corner of Pebble and Eastern.Parking - EasyDrive Thru - YesCoffees - My only issue is that for a regular brewed coffee, it is already in pots that you pump and poor to your cup. I tend to prefer freshly, immediate brewed coffee. It is hotter and absolutely fresh. So, in this case, it was not up to my normal preference. Note to self, it is very rare to find a coffee place that will serve you fresh brewed coffee.Pricing - Pretty good, 2.00 for a regular cup of coffee.  Nice ambiance, so overall worth it. GK says, not bad.
2	I am a pastry student and when i saw the words "gormet bakery" i thought hey this place could make their stuff... no i find out that the only thing they make IN HOUSE is their tiramisu everything else is made offsite... in France... so i thought ok lets get some kind of hot chocolate... they gave me dark chocolate pudding in a cup and not even good dark chocolate... i could only take a little bit before the taste was just terrible.
4	Iced Red Velvet Mocha FTW.& two thumbs up for the drive-thru.
4	We made it to Vegas about 4 hours earlier than expected, which put us here at 5am on a Sunday.  Unable to check into our hotel and not wanting to leave our car too unattended with the luggage in it, we ended up at MadHouse.  The drip coffee was very good (not burnt or over exposed like a lot of 24hour places). I had the best coconut latte I've ever tried- you could actually taste the coconut! They were playing good music. It was small but not overcrowded with junk like some other chain coffee places (*cough*). We didnt try any food because the pastries looked a little dry, but according to the menu they are made in house.  And the best part is that it had lots of windows so we could keep an eye on the car. Overall a great place to kill a few hours.
3	I'm all about keeping the mom & pop shops in business so instead of starbucks I thought I would try Mad House Coffee!!!  Great location!!!  Easy in & out service!!!  Nice on the inside!!!  Was disappoint to pay $6 & some change for a ice latte tho!!!  It was great tasted good but I don't think I will pay that again!!!  Sorry!!!
5	My wife and I visit Madhouse Coffee on Eastern every time we come to Vegas. We have found this location to serve the best coffee we've ever had, namely their Iced Coffee. Additionally, the staff is super friendly each and every time and remember us even though we only come a few times a year. There is another location on Desert Inn, however, it's not very good in comparison to this location. I was quite surprised by this, but soon found out they have different owners. Anyway, this is one of the only reviews I've given this many stars on and it is WELL deserved based on the taste, quality, and service. Well done! We just wish they'd open a location in Orange County!
4	A great coffee house. The muffins are awesome and my personal favorite is the choc chip. The baristas are friendly and efficient . So much better than sbuks in every way
5	Great Selections of Coffee and Sandwiches
4	[edit: i previously posted this review regarding the incorrect location but have since moved it to this section after being notified of my error.]It's a tiny little spot on eastern, PAST the starbucks at the 215 exit. You might not notice it if you weren't looking for a good coffee alternative to the corporate norm. Lucky for you, I found it and am here to write a review about it.Like I said, they're tiny. They have maybe 5 -6 tables inside and 2 nice recliners. My master bedroom is practically as big as this place, but that's not such a bad thing. The furniture is moderny throwbacky and the music is alot of throwback eighties electronic and nineties rock-- quite comforting to an ear that its had its fill of top 40 sewage. I put in my ear plugs and sat in a corner and studied moderately well. This is where you go to get away from the people you know studying at the starbucks.The staff is friendly and willing to help newbs like you decide what to get. On one hot day I decided to try the iced mint mocha, which turned out to be an excellent choice. It was honestly better than just about any frappucino you can get at Starbucks (and I have had them all) though the price isn't much better. I've also had their hawaiian dark roast, which had an interesting tang to it. At 2 bucks a medium, it is definitely competitively priced with the corporate big wigs. Give these guys a shot. They are small and that's part of what makes them so charming, but more importantly, they offer good coffee with a personalized touch.
5	I freaking love this place, it's simple, to the point, and the coffee is awesome.  Everything I love about a Coffee place.
4	I'm addicted to the *bucks and am also chronically late so although I love the ambience of a great coffee shop, it is not a luxury I am afforded. My coffee shops of late need a drive through. Enter MadHouse by my sons school. I've even taken to the sandwiches. The Supermodel sandwich is amazing. Also love the Isle of Capri and crossiants. I've been pleasantly surprised by the "special" drinks. I've been offered a CookieMonster, Cake Batter and Red Velvet . . . Although I generally stick with my Carmel macchiato light, I've enjoyed other flavas. For the occasional after school treat, Gibson gets a smoothie. It is green tea based so I appreciate the antioxidants in a treat. And they taste amazing. I just wish they had more flavors for the smoothies, although both Mango and Berry are enjoyable.
4	I used my yelp deal today! I ordered Mad Max and Grasshopper...they both good. Really like Mad Max, so much better than Starbucks Java Chip. It's in my neighborhood, so I will be back.
4	Yummy coffee and sandwiches and cute decor. This place has a drive-thru, which is convenient, but I prefer to sit and relax in a coffee shop  whilst ingesting my caffeinated deliciousness.
4	Ahh~ I do enjoy this place.  It's cozy, it's friendly, and they have a great selection for being as small as they are.The pumpkin spice is leaps and bounds better than Starbucks, so get it while you can!  Their tira misu, while large, does not seem to hit my tira misu mark.  Pastries are fresh and tasty, and everything just tastes like there's TLC actually put into it.Oh, the artwork in there is pretty fun too.  =)
4	Stopped by this coffee shop while visiting family in NV.  There wasn't any other customers when we went in, but I'm pretty sure it had to do with it being Thanksgiving day.There was only one employee working, but he was super nice and gave us the regular low down on new drinks they had.  He was sorry when the cash register wouldn't open up, but it didn't take much time to fix it.They had tons to choose from and they were kinda fun names.  I went with the monkey frapp.  It was a banana, mocha, and peanut butter hold the whip.It was super good!  The wife got the grasshopper frapp and that was very tasty as well.  We stopped by on the way out of NV and will continue to go whenever we visit.
4	Actually stumbled upon this place on accident, literally.  Had that 2:30 feeling, heading to a Starbucks for some caffeine, and was stuck in traffic.  Stuck in traffic because of a minor accident a block from me.  While waiting in traffic I noticed this coffee house/stand to my right and decided "why not". I decided on their drive thru because I didn't feel like getting out of my car.  I ordered just an Americano and it was strong just how I like it.  I might have asked for an extra shot too.  I noticed that they serve a bunch of other things like pastries, sandwiches, all types of coffees, and desserts.  Maybe next time, I will venture out and try something else.The drive thru is convenient, coffee was good, and service was great.  One issue that I have with the Mad House is that their drive thru menu is so damn high.  Unless you're in a lifted truck, you'll find yourself straining your neck to see what's on the menu.  I can't imagine what those rice rockets deal with at this drive thru.  I also noticed a Super Burrito next door.  Maybe that's my next stop.
4	Loved it!  My daughter and I went there for lunch and were very happy with our order, as our sandwiches were delicious!  I had their capri sandwich on ciabatta and my daughter had the turkey/bacon on ciabatta.  I didn't get the name of the guy behind the counter, but he was awesome!  Very friendly and willing to answer all of our questions about our sandwiches.  We are definitely going back :)
5	Mad House is great! There's no corporate stuff going on here, you ask for something they do their best to provide it. They are super friendly, and the product quality is excellent. The food and baked items are great as well!
5	Was always curious about this place near LVAC so I decided to try it.  I ordered the mocha coconut which had bits of coconut in the drink and and you can order it your way.  I tried it with skim milk which typically takes a little sour but it was excellent.  I would definitely go there more often but it is pricey.  If you haven't tried it, you have to.
5	Drove by this place, and decided to give it a try, I am a huge coffee snob, and like a certain type of coffee drink.  Went through the drive thru, and decided to try something different for a change.  I opted for their famous Red Velvet coffee.  It was so good, like drinking cake.  I will be back when I am in the area.
4	Variety is the spice of life. Mad House Coffee has a large variety of coffee flavored syrup. Mad House Coffee is to coffee houses what Baskin Robins is to ice cream. When I want to add some spice to my morning before work, I check in to the Mad House. My caffeinated beverage is a medium coffee with a flavored syrup.  The flavored syrups personalize the coffee drinking experience.  If I want to feel tropical, I get pineapple syrup. If I want to feel peachy, I get peach syrup. If I want to feel nutty, I get coconut syrup.  If I want to feel conservative,  I get the classic syrup. If I want to feel satisfied,  I get the strawberry syrup.  I also check in at the Mad House for my caffeine boost before work. If I were to compare their coffee to gasoline,  it would be 93 octane. It is a level of caffeinated fuel to turbocharge me in the early morning and have me bouncing through the leading hours of my eight hour shift. When I drink coffee here, I am sitting inside a former It's A Grind on the northwest corner of Eastern at Pebble. It is close enough to Interstate 215 to be on my "Exit off the 215" list.  The shop is relatively small. It isn't really cozy or hip like Grouchy John's. When I spend time, I hear the uptempo 80s songs playing on their music system. I have had zero issues getting a table. I am usually the only patron sitting inside.  It is a good thing that Mad House is not busy. Everytime I have been there, one employee has been running the shop and drive thru. That person also cooks the sandwiches and cafe food.  Before work I need to add some spice to my morning and high octane caffeinated fuel to my body. Before an 8 hour shift at a real mad house, I will be checking in to this Mad House.Yelp Challenge Review 39 of 100.
5	Omg. I've yet to have a coffee from here I don't like. :) their apple cinnamon muffins are good too.
1	Eastern and pebble. Every single time I go there and get my exact same drink. It tastes different every time and the price is never the same as the last time. The staff seems like they have no idea how to prepare coffee or take an order and make the right drink. My boyfriend and I always have a terrible experience when we go there. We always swear we are done and won't go again but we always give it another shot. If the staff knew what they were doing and didn't take a million years to prepare 2 drinks. I'm sure they would get better reviews. Very Inconsistant.
5	Great alternative to the dark side of coffee(SBucks). The coffee is brewed perfectly and the flavor from their beans is smooth and delicious. They have a drive thru which moves quickly and the inside is welcoming and staff is efficient. This is my new go to place for coffee before work and in general.
3	Ordered a mocha espresso and was satisfied.  A pretty standard commercialized "coffee spot" with an average menu of over sweetened selections.  Not saying its bad in any way, just not the authentic selection of bean quality and brewing styles I always hope to see.  Good for a quick coffee fix if you prefer drinks that taste like candy bars.,,which most people do.  I'm sure the business does well but overall, I say "meh."
3	I returned to Madhouse coffee upon re-visiting Las Vegas. My wife and I loved the coffee shop in the past. Unfortunately, it does not seem as special as it once did. I did not feel as much at home as once before. I thought this place was better than the other (unrelated) location on Desert Inn Rd, but not it seems to be the same. I visited a new place called, "Grouchy John's Coffee" on S. Maryland Pkwy the other day and that place was unique, inviting, and excellent. Unfortunately, something has changed at Mad House Cafe to take away from it's lure the past few years worth of visits.
3	I went back the other day and i have to say i was really impressed...the service was great and the speed of service was amazing......i ordered my usual iced chai and the woman took the time to ask me if i wanted the powder or the liquid and took the time to explain the difference between the two...she seemed to know her stuff....then right after that i got my two croissants and drink....all super fast and with smiles from all the staff...great job management!
5	I am from Washington state and have to have my coffee...whenever I am in Vegas visiting my sister this is the only place I go for coffee...it's clean, the employees are knowledgable, and best of all the coffee is delish!!! I get a white chocolate iced blended mocha with vanilla. It tastes like home!
1	Wanted to try a new coffee place on a Saturday and boy I shouldn't have! I waited approx 30 + min for a packaged oatmeal and Chai Tea. It was 10am and they were already out of bagels and crossaints! This is why I had to settle with packaged oatmeal. There were many angry customers waiting as well. Looked like a cool place but definitely will not be returning to. Oh and their Chai was not very good, entire cup was ice leaving little Chai and they charged me more than what was advertised on their menu!
3	I was expecting more of a bakery, but it is primarily a coffee shop that serves a small selection of baked goods and sandwiches.  We ordered a pair of blueberry muffins, a coffee and a chocolate chip cookie.  The muffins were nothing special, the coffee was good and they initially forgot to serve me the cookie.  I ended up with both my original cookie plus a second one as an apology.  The cookies were mediocre and very much overpriced unless you get a 2nd one free.  LOLOverall, it was an okay experience but not one I expect to experience again.A rating of 2.5 would be more appropriate.
5	This Madhouse is slightly different than it's other independent location on D.I. This location is more quaint, not 24/7, less packed and the menu prices are about $1 cheaper. The best part is that they offer the same staple menu items but also offer addition drinks! I.e. I am obsessed with their coconut caramel mocha, a drink specific to this location ONLY. Also, I prefer their pumpkin latte because they add white chocolate powder and it easily tastes like a dessert, rather than just pumpkin. You can omit this if you'd like the classic taste of the pumpkin latte. Sign up for Belly and you can accumulate points to redeem in-store!
5	Coffee and my bagel sandwich was fantastic. Also the atmosphere is really calm and warm. This will probably become are new little hang out,
1	Bad service. Got both of my coffee orders wrong and my food order. Lady was rude on the intercom and they took 20 min. This is just another reason why Starbucks does so well.. Always great customer service and your order is always right. Maybe this place should learn a few things from them!!!!
1	This place sucks. Waited 20 minutes in the drive thru. Lady over the intercom had an attitude. Ordered a coffee, latte at 130, cup of ice and a breakfast bagel with egg cheese. Latte came out crazy hot. They forgot the cup of ice and had to remind them twice. Then the bagel had bacon on it. Awesome huh? All these mom and pop coffee shops are a waste of time. Might as well go to Starbucks where they get your order right every time.
5	Seriously the most friendliest coffee shop in town! They were closed, on Christmas Eve at 3:00 PM. They saw me about to leave because I saw the sign that says it's closed, and they stopped me saying they will still make my coffee for me, at 350PM. The barista's name was ANDREW he hooked me up with a couple espresso shots and also a bigger size! I was called into work at the clinic because it was busy on Christmas Eve, Madhouse Coffee saved my life! Merry Christmas!!! Real espresso! Not fake, like Starbucks! I got a blended White Chocolate, delicious !!! Thanks Andrew!!!!
5	They have so many fun flavors and the drive thru is always a plus. Plus they have 32 oz drinks! And although it sounds silly, I love their ice. :)
4	I checked this place out on a Sunday because my normal spot is closed on Sunday's. Bonus right off the bat! Mad House is a small, but funky coffee shop which I LOVE! They have comfy chairs and brightly colored tables. I was greeted by a friendly staff that was ready to take my order. I got my usual large ice coffee with cream and sweet N low. I was very impressed that they asked how many sweet N lows I wanted in my coffee and they put it in for me. I was shocked when they brought me out my coffee, talk about LARGE! It was huge! This is my kinda spot! For $3.19 I had a huge cup of ice coffee!  Not to mention this is the same price I pay at Starbucks for the same thing just not as large. Mad House also had a huge list of delcious sounding sandwiches and some tasty looking pastries that I will have to try on my next visit. I also was shocked at their selection of sugar free flavors for your coffee. I can't wait to check this place out again for more coffee and maybe a sandwich. Good job Mad House you totally won me over!
2	Hmmmmm the sandwich I had was pretty damn good. But it seems as though that I was the only one that could have eggs on my sandwich though. The place was dead and yet they had no eggs. I felt bad for my friend Meg who couldn't get eggs on his sandwich. The coffee I got was huuuuuuge. I did also feel that for a sandwich, large coffee, and muffin that $13 is a bit much. I also didn't really care for the workers changing the music to something that they wanted to hear. I was getting into the classic rock that was on but then it was gone and Three Days Grace was bumping. Sorry not sorry.
4	Overall good coffee this time around and good service.  I only wish I could find a more reasonable mom and pop coffee house.  The big coffee chain set the tone for over pricing. Now all privately owned places charge just a tiny bit less. I would come here daily if it were priced lower.
3	The prices were a bit to high for my budget and the cafe was a bit to dirty for me. The food and drinks were... okay at the least. I probably would have more than three stars for this cafe/ diner if there hadn't been nats and flys flying around me and my food inside the cafe.
1	I hardly ever give bad reviews on Yelp but I went to Madhouse Coffee yesterday through the drive thru window. I was just picking up 2 ice coffees. Last time I was there I paid roughly the same price I usually pay at Starbucks for my ice coffee which is fine, somewhere between $3.50-$4.00.  The girl at the drive thru suggested I try the Iced Latte based on how I made my Ice Coffee and I said I would try it.  I was picking up one for me and another person.  I was expecting to pay around $7-8 and the girl at the window tells me $12.43 when i get up there.  Im irritated I was never told about the price difference she just suggested the Iced Latte based on my Ice Coffee ingredients.  I have never paid $12.43 even at Starbucks, Coffee Bean or Dunkin Donuts for 2 Ice Coffees.  I reluctantly paid instead of causing a scene as there were cars behind me and I was in a hurry to go somewhere.  I feel like I got ripped off. I kept the receipt and I'm considering going back to talk to the manager.  It is not about the $4 but principal and the Iced Lattes I got were way different than what i wanted and had before in my Ice Coffee.  There was a ton of sugar just sitting on the bottom and the drink was basically white from all the cream added. My first sip was a pure sugar rush through my straw like I just opened a packet of sugar and poured it in my mouth.  All i wanted was a black iced coffee with a bit of white mocha for sweetener. Follow me on twitter @MikeCies
4	I love this little place! It's a fun, unique atmosphere and the drinks are wonderful. The mango-green tea smoothie is perfectly refreshing and rejuvenating. And the customer service is probably the best coffee house service I've had. Smiling, professional, and helpful staff...and great baristas to boot!
5	I've been visiting this cafe about once every other week for a bit.Pros, good taste in music.  Everything from retro 80s electronic pop, to classy jazz and blues, to trip hop.  The Baristas are intelligent, friendly, and conversational in a genuine way.  The decor of this place is a fun mixture of dense blue against brightly decorated tables and a few ruddy colored paintings.  The coffee itself is always good here as well, but I admit I've tried anything but simple drip coffees.  The various sandwiches are tasty.  Today, I had "the supermodel"  "Would you like a wrap, sandwich, or naked?" the Barista asks.  I pause, "you're asking if I want the supermodel naked?"Cons?  Really, I got nothing to complain about.  I admit, I regret that this place only has two electric outlets for customers.  However, the Baristas proved accommodating in providing an "over the counter" electric cord for me to use.
3	I'm not a caffeine addict, but on the rare occasion that I'm in need the quicker the better. This was the main selling point of Mad House Coffee. They have a drive thru and when I'm in need of caffeine, I need it immediately. Service was swift and I was in and out in 5 minutes. Sizes are on the large size. I ordered large without thinking about it and received a 32oz iced chai latte, which was a little on the large size for me. Prices were good and flavors seemed reasonable. I wouldn't hesitate stop by Mad House again if I'm in the area.
4	The customer service is what really made Mad House Coffee a standout. It was friendly, quick, and accommodating. The location is small and cute, and the beverages pretty good, but the employees are what make Mad House great.
5	Outstanding coffee! Friendly staff. Complete opposite of Starbucks and I'm saying that as a compliment! We stop by there anytime we're in the area. I wish there was one closer to the house. Go by and check them out!!!
4	Cute little coffee shop! Stopped in for a quick pick me up of coffee. The staff was very nice, my coffee was perfect, and it is really super cute in there!
3	1st experience I was dissapointed but since then I've been back a few times & much better experience & great customer service by the 2 employees there. Great menu of food & specialty drinks.
5	Amazing service and fantastic tasting coffee. It is refreshing to find a solid neighbor coffee shop over Starbucks or other similar shops. Looking forward to try some of their pastries!
1	Absolutely the worst cup o coffee in the Valley. I stop here when Satrbucks is too busy but not any more. Their coffee is stored in the same bins that flavors coffee is stored in and their beans are always way over roasted leading to a very vanilla-y foul cup of brew. Shame on you guys.
4	Great stop as we leave Vegas.  Local coffee shop with Super friendly service, nice atmosphere and free wifi! Food was yummy (bagel, cheese and egg sandwich) and the prices reasonable.  The ice blended drinks were good and tasted like they had less sugar than a Starbucks counterpart (we enjoyed that!).
5	Apparently I have a serious coffee shop fixation! I have always been on a hunt for delicious coffee and since I have been avoiding dairy, my coffee adventures have expanded greatly. My two favorite places in vegas for #vegan coffees are sunrise coffee and madhouse. Madhouse has an incredible selection of whole coffee beans to choose from as well as the option of almond milk in any of their lattes. They have an array of breakfast sandwiches and baked goods (not vegan) and a few umpqua oats you can have prepared there. Oh... And did I mention a drive thru?! Try their mad cow with almond milk, delicious.
4	The staff is nice. Didn't try anything to eat but ordered a flat white espresso and a monkey mocha. The monkey mocha is sooooo good!
5	Chocolate Mocha Blended with Almond Milk is sooooooo gooooood .. Awesome little place with the friendliest staff .. Drive Thru if you're in a hurry otherwise go inside to play some candy land or monopoly while you're  sitting in a super comfy chair.
1	Meh. Ordered two coffees. Their regular roast was horrible. It tasted like it was made with chlorinated pool water. Also ordered a flavored "flat white" which is a light foam cappuccino. Again, had an unusual metallic taste. Both left quite the aftertaste, as if I just took a dose of Robitussin. The service was good, it just doesn't make up for lousy coffee. This location seemed very clean and they had a large variety of flavored syrups and food. There wasn't a paper menu to read the descriptions of coffee, so unless you have stellar vision and can read the board above the cashier that's in the smallest font... You're screwed. Bleh. Oh well. Off to Starbucks!
5	Mad house Coffee is my new favorite place! I'm so happy my salon moved right behind them and I can enjoy a delicious sandwich or a smooth ice blended beverage whenever I'm at work! Everyone is super friendly and everything is super yummy! Keep it up guys!
5	Place has a nice atmosphere and they have Great Wifi. 100 times better than Starbucks!
3	This was a nice place to go study. Loved my ice tea. Glad to support  local business.
2	Madhouse used to be awesome. My husband and I live right behind it and go to madhouse several times a week. The coffee is always awesome and the staff USED to be just as awesome. They have since hired a couple of staff members that have been very rude and honestly pretty trashy. Wish they'd hire the type of staff that used to work here. The last straw happened today when my husband and i were asked if we wanted to add a tip to the card. We weren't happy with the attitude of the worker and told her no. When looking at the receipt later we saw that she added a tip anyways. We are officially done. As much as I dislike Starbucks, at least they've got classy and honest workers. Bye madhouse, you've lost some very loyal customers
4	The coffee is great and so are the ice blended drinks. The employees are friendly and it's always very clean. The grasshopper is my favorite from the cold drinks. It's mint chocolate mocha blended with ice. The vanilla latte is good, similar to Starbucks. The coffee of the day is better than anywhere else. You need to get there early if you want muffins or breakfast pastry because they run out.
5	This is an awesome place with Organic items and friendly staff.  Did I mention they give a Military Discount....HUGE to me to see a business that supports its military and veterans.The coffee & tea are awesome, the food is good and the staff are great.   I have never had a staff member with a down day or if they were having one, they did not let you know, they treated you like family, made you feel welcome and made sure you were satisfied.  The atmosphere for hanging out is cool as well, its not very big, but is warm and welcoming.
5	This is my go-to place when I need to get work done but don't feel like working at home.  The staff here is as sweet as you can get; they are always super welcoming, willing to answer questions, and never rush you when you're trying to decide what to pick from their menu.  Speaking of the menu, the coffee is delicious (try a soy au lait on an autumn day) and they make some really excellent sandwiches.  As a bonus, they consistently play 80s and 90s music (for some reason, Nickelback really helps with productivity).
5	Always great service!  The staff is always friendly and quick to take and deliver my order.  I love tea and they have a great selection and have even offer to deliver to me when having a busy day.  They always suggest yummy options for different breakfast or snack ideas.   I'm not a coffee fan but the girls in my office say that it is good.  I definetly recommend this local coffee shop for great tea and food!
5	I am extremely appreciative of the way madhouse has handled my previous complaint. Management made sure to reach out and has completely made up for the incident that made me feel negative towards their business. They continue to brew the best cup of coffee in town (and the best chocolate croissants) and now that their staff has been adjusted I will continue to be a loyal customer. Major thumbs up to mad house for their customer service!
5	I like this little shop. Has a great vibe to it and delicious coffee. The tables have crazy artwork that is my style.
5	A hidden gem which is not actually hidden, but always seems to never be crowded but has a steady stream of business.  I like the fact they have organic items there and even though it is not very big inside, it is very warm and a friendly environment.Stopped in to have a meeting with a friend and it was nice and relaxing to just sit with a cup of coffee and enjoy the atmosphere.I have never tried the sandwiches there but a lot of people came in and ordered food and the food look amazing.I like this place better then the other bigger chains as the coffee and tea selection here is better, healthier and the staff are very friendly.
5	Nice little place to get a cup of coffee and get away from things.  Staff are alway nice and friendly.
5	They have many options for vegans, they have both soy milk and almond milk. They are able to make almost any drink vegan and it's not at a steep price either. It is a good alternative for Starbucks if you are looking for some different options, at Starbucks you are somewhat limited if you don't consume dairy products. At MadHouse you have a variety of drinks you can choose from. I was also told recently that they were trying to introduce some more vegan friendly food. Their drive thru is around the back, you can miss it easily.
3	Looking for a coffee shop on Eastern? Don't get sucked into the newly remodeled 24hr Starbucks, Mad House is only a shopping plaza away. The prices are better, the drive thru is faster and the baristas are friendlier! The macchiato I ordered was way too foamy, at least 1/3 of the cup! However, I won't complain since it was only a dollar and some change and also yummy. I probably got more macchiato in my cup than I would have at Starbucks for that price, anyways. The shop is a little small, no place for intimate conversations. However, there are always tables and spaces available. Great, quiet place to study!
1	Read great reviews so I was really excited to try, but wasn't very impressed. A friend and I got the flat white and red velvet mocha, both very very flavorless. The snickerdoodles tasted like fig newtons. The gluten free chocolate chip cookies were okay.
3	My visits here are few and far between, to be honest. But on all those occasions when I have come here, I always go inside the shop because there is always a line at the drive thru and I'm not so lazy on those times that I do visit this coffee shop. BUT EVERY SINGLE TIME I COME HERE, I am never acknowledged right away even as I am standing there in front of their register. I understand they are busy but a quick "hi, I'll be right with you" would suffice. I'm a patient person, I don't mind waiting. But not to be acknowledged as the baristas go about ringing up the drive thru and making the drive thru coffee order is a bit rude. Now that I've gotten that off my chest, on to the coffee: I always get either the white mocha or the mad cow. The coffee doesn't disappoint, but their customer service needs work. Maybe I'll just go thru the drive thru next time.
