3	I took my car in to be serviced at a dealership nearby and it turned out there was a recall on one of the parts. The dealership was able to arrange a rental car for me and Enterprise came right over to pick me up.At first impression, the woman who picked us up wasn't the friendliest. It was myself and another couple and she made some comments about how no one tells her when they call that there will be spouses and other things to pick up. Once would have been okay, but she said it a couple of times. No apology and offer to get a larger vehicle (which wasn't needed), but by her general attitude she gave the impression that what she was driving was an inconvenience.We went back to the Enterprise location (which is located in the Ford dealership) and her and her co-worker took care of the other couple and I. She gave me the car that she had been driving originally. We did our walk around and I was out of there in about 10 minutes.I have always rented from Enterprise (different locations) and have never had a negative experience. The cars have always been well kept, and service has always been friendly. This car was decent, but hadn't been thoroughly cleaned. The employee helping me mentioned that their car wash wasn't the best. They must wash it before they detail the inside.  The windows were dirty, the dash and gear shift area were dusty, and it hadn't been vacuumed. It's possible I just ended up with a half clean car because she grabbed it before it was finished, but she should have known better.Although the rental was provided by my dealership, I still had to pay the $50 security when I took it. I'm still waiting on my refund (4 days).
1	I think I accidentally gave my bad review to the Queen Creek location. It belongs to this location!!! Not honoring advertised special even after confirmation number was provided! Unacceptable!!!
5	Eric, Bob & the team at this Enterprise location did a great job helping me out on a Monday morning. Their driver picked me up at a local hotel, kind man, got me to the location at the San Tan Ford dealership & I encountered the team at Enterprise. Service with a smile & even though it was an incredibly busy Monday morning, they took care of me quickly and got me on my way in an Ford F-150. I was able to get a rate at here almost 1/3 less than the on-airport location. Great option for Spring Break weeks in March.
1	Can I give negative rating? This rental location was supposed to pick me in the car repair shop. I waited for 40 mins and nobody showed up. I called and got only a voice message. I need to go back home. Still waiting and it is 5:40pm now.
