1	Noisy all around. Very poor management frequently changing hands. High employee turn over, not the friendliest. Not problem solvers. Helicopters always fly over head, sirens 24/7 . Monthly billing of utilities or lack of it is a HUGE problem. Again, NOTPROBLEM SOLVERS, they add to it. SMELLY dog urine!  Maintenance men smoke in the closed in hallways SMELLY.  Homelees abound. Doors that are made to close slowly and quietly are broken and SLAM shut and reverberate through complex like a bomb went off. Many many annoyances. High resident turn over. Noise carries all over complex from floor to floor. Convince to downtown n party life the only advantage here. Loud local businesses - night club music booms to all hours.  Management NOT responsive to problems.
2	Skyline lofts is a great building with some cool features; however, the management of the complex is unprofessional in their business tactics.  I greatly enjoyed the complex under Mark Taylor, but as soon as Weidner Properties took over the building, the professionalism of Mark Taylor went out the door.  It took days to get items fixed while living there; however, it took them no time to do an invasive walk through the week before we moved from the complex.  In the walk through, the managing director told us that the paint was not the special order paint they use to paint and therefore they would be charging us to repaint the moonlight white with the "Weidner" moonlight white color.  They offered to sell us the paint and we could paint it to cut costs, which I jumped at.  For a second time in a week I repainted the rooms and hall to their specifications with three coats only to then again be charged an additional $200 at move out for painting.  In addition, the complex will charge you tax, administration fees, and cleaning costs that are more expensive than the professional maid services we have always used.  These charges are present no matter how much you leave the property in good condition.   To prevent you from contesting the charges, they give you 10 days to pay the charges or they send it to collections, even though the mailed letter with the charges took 4 to 5 business days to reach me through standard mail.  The short payment time is unprofessionally done purposely to prevent you from contesting these fees.  In other words, your money will not go far will living here with the service you get, but complex management will do everything they can to nickel and dime you when they get the chance.  With the recent expansion, growth, and other options in downtown Phoenix, I seriously recommend looking at other complexes until Weidner reevaluates how they run their properties.  Hope this helps those looking into Skyline Lofts.
1	I've lived at this property for over 5 years. When I first moved in it was owned by Mark Taylor and it was a really cool community to be a part of. The complex recently changed ownership and the new owner, Weidner Apartment Homes let the whole place go to hell.The new staff is beyond incompetent. Service requests that used to take a few hours, now take a few days. They will show up and enter your apartment without your permission or valid reason. It's really intrusive and unprofessional.In addition to the problematic staff, the apartments themselves are poorly made. The tile cracks if you step on it too hard. The cabinets  (which seem to be covered in some kind of linoleum)  warp when the stove is in use. The refrigerator ice maker  takes a monthly 4 week siesta. The microwave joins him. You get the idea.When I decided to terminate my lease after 5 years, the complex insisted on doing a walk through, a week before I moved. This means that 3 staff members get to walk through my apartment, while I'm packing, and evaluate the condition, even though that will happen again after I move out. Did I mention that they are beyond intrusive? After I left, I was charged for over $1200 worth of cleaning work. Wow, I must be one dirty pig to cause that much grossness to a 1100 sqft loft. They charged me for cleaning and shampooing the carpet.... They then charged me for replacing it. Why a person or a company would clean and shampoo a carpet they intend on replacing is beyond my scope if intellect. I was also charged for a paint job, this is after I painted the entire apartment with the paint that the front office provided me. Absolutely ridiculous. Furthermore, my cleaning lady of 5 years had a good chuckle when I showed her the invoice for "cleaning labor hours" that Weidner sent me. Unless they were hiring SAG actors to do this work, I cannot comprehend the cost.Overall I would caution any potential resident to look elsewhere. Yes the complex is gorgeous, but it is definitely not worth it. Downtown Phoenix's rental loft market is expanding and I'm sure that there are better options out there. Even right next door to Skyline a new loft building just popped up, try that instead.Stay away, this place sucks in the long run. #byefelicia
1	My husband and I started initial paperwork in the event that we decided on an apartment at skyline (used to be Altavista). We had seen one apartment in which we had interest but we were clear that a decision was not made. We were told that if we decided on the apartment we could log on to the website and pay a non refundable $204, now that the initial paperwork was started. The next day we spent some time in the apartment to check for allergies since I don't usually do well with carpet. I reacted to the carpet so we decided against it. What I discovered several days later were two withdrawals from our checking account for a total of $86 for our "application fee". This was never disclosed to us. We were told that we were "starting the paperwork to make it easier if we chose to apply". The fine print says after 24 hours the application fee is not refundable. What a scam. The verbal exchange did not match the fine print. I'd give zero stars if I could.
4	I am really surprised by the overwhelmingly negative reviews of this apartment building. I lived at Alta/ Skyline for a year and a half moving out a few months ago due to buying a house. This was certainly the nicest apartment I have ever lived in. The layout of the apartment was open and made it feel extremely large. The facilities were well maintained (gym, game room area, and pool) and cleaned daily (I personally observed this). The staff from both Mark Taylor and Weidner were nice and I never had an issue with service requests. I will say that there were things that were not wonderful : the rent was very pricey (as much as a mortgage or more), the man who did clean the hallways was always smoking, making the hallways smell like cigarettes, we had an issue at move in with installing direcTV...saying we couldn't drill any holes, but I know everyone else with a dish had a small hole drilled, the tiles in the kitchen did crack easily, and the cabinets were made of some cheapy (almost like paper) on top of plain wood with some pieces just randomly falling off after living there for about a year.... but it's an apartment, so I'm not sure what people expect...do they want marble counter tops in an apartment? A little ridiculous. The location is great and I met a lot of cool people here... I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place.PS I never had bugs here, that was awesomePPS They use some really nice smelling cleaning product in the elevatorPPPS When I moved out, I was charged about 50$ for cleaning and that's it plus the walk through was very relaxed.... I spent 5 or so hours cleaning, but hey, the guy who said they charged over 1000$ to either had a lot of damage or the policy changed in a very short period of time.
2	This place is great because of location in my opinion but for the prices they ask I really don't know if it is worth while. My lease is up in a few months and I would like to stay but only if I get a fair price for my place. They tried to hike up my rent for a renewal after I found out someone with the exact same unit is paying 300 dollars less than me! The only way I would stay is if they gave me a fair price. As for the complex. The tiles in the kitchen break, the cabinets are cheap, the appliances are dated, and the dish washer does not work well. For the same price they are asking you can find something better. One of the worst drawbacks is that every entrance smells like dog urine and there is always something broken. You can expect that once a week you will get an email saying that a certain door is broken or the elevator is not working... Wrap up- the place is falling apart and for the same price you can find something a lot nicer.
1	I have been a resident of The Skyline Lofts for over 3 years now.  I am writing to tell you how completely disappointed I am in the staff and their inability to run not just a property, but a business properly.  We have loved our apartment and the location in which we reside, but unfortunately, dealing with the leasing staff on a month to month basis has been terrible.Since the property has become " paper free" we have had issues paying our rent because the system is completely outdated.   When issues with the account or routing number occurred, we were not notified until 10 days after the payment was made.  Any other online payments system would run the account immediately and notify you if there were errors.  We were assesed with a NSF fee, late fees for those 10 days and essentially kicked off the online portal.  This month, while trying to pay online, we were again unable to log onto the portal to pay, or even see our water bill.  When I called the leasing office to have it fixed, twice, they did not address the problem, or fix it. It is now the 5th. The issue is still not fixed and have used me a 5 day notice even though I dropped a check off.  These are just a few issues we have had.  We have had numerous and the team does not seem to communicate with each other about conversations or issues they have with their residents.  They are completely disorganized and are no help when confronted with a problem.  On top of dealing with the staff, our vehicle has been broken into TWICE.  The first time we were told to file a police report, and promised that they would have security cameras up and running soon because it was just approved in their budget.  Two years later, still not cameras, and our vehicle was broken into again.   It happens a lot in the garage and they don't let the residents know about it.  I feel like we should be told if there have been numerous break ins so that we can be more aware and keep an eye out for suspicious activity.  We don't plan on resigning our lease unless all of these issues are resolved.
1	Alright, let's talk about the good. These places are great for location. The floor plans are spacious. High ceilings, great sound insulation between apartments and floors, a beautiful pool, prompt maintenance staff. A nice garage as well. I lived here for 2 years and chose to keep my exceptionally expensive apartment through 2 bouts of unemployment and now working at a job that's left me with half the income I was used to because I like the place so much.So let's talk about the bad. The windows don't insulate much noise from the street. At all. I woke up to bus sounds many a morning before the sun rose. The elevators are constantly broken. Got groceries, or parking is full on your floor? You're out of luck. Someone above me drilled holes in their concrete wall for hours at a time. Might have been staff, might have been some insane occupant. It definitely never went away though and happened at odd hours. The apartments all have huge windows that ruin the insulation of the place during the summer. I was paying $350 electric bills in the summer with my thermostat set at 78 (and turned off when I went to work). They also have a 'concierge' trash service you can't opt out of. I used it once in 2 years. Their water utility is like, twice as expensive as any I've ever paid. I had three guys living in a house and I'm paying $25. Now I've got a single roommate and I'm paying $50+? Never found out what was going on there. But now let's talk about the ugly. My apartment floor plan went on the market at $1925. I chose the unit I'm in because this particular one had sat empty for 3 months. It doesn't have the best view, it's right above hobo-fight bus stop, but for $1625 it was what I wanted at a good price. Back what I was making 80k. Now I'm making 40k, still a decent living, but after pet rent, utilities, and their add-ons, my monthly expenses for owning this place are more like $2100 off of a $1625 rent. I gotta cut costs. So I call up the staff. "Hey, I see my current, exact apartment (#308) is on the market for $1777 on your website. If you can get me that price and kick in my concessions, or even part of them, I can 100% keep this place. You guys don't have to find a new tenant, it won't sit empty, it's win-win, right?"Well, I was wrong. To stay they actually want to increase my rent by $50 dollars. They also inform me that they've not been charging me for my 2nd cat (I paid the 2nd pet deposit for damn sure, so I think they just had a clerical error they never fixed they were trying to turn in their favor).  When I asked them why they couldn't drop my rent so I could stay in my home, I was answered with this line, verbatim. "Rent only goes up. Rent never goes down."Oh. Well. Maybe I'm stupid. Maybe I'm missing something. So I get off work a little early and I go to the front office. "Explain this to me." I ask. So they do. They explain that even though my apartment is worth less on the market now according to their website, since occupancy rates are high, they do not care for my issues or my loyalty. Which I guess is their right. They run the apartment, not me. I also quote "It's just the way it is. Do not take it personally." Well that's okay. Don't take the 1 star review personally, then. If you want to live in a extremely pleasant business transaction, this is a pricey but decent option. If you want to find a HOME? A place where you feel welcome? Look somewhere else.
1	Just to let everyone know what happened, their customer support rep called me once, we had a very nice and constructive conversation, and they told me they'd get back to me with either good or bad news.I never heard back. So. The one star stays relevant.
