5	The BEST Filibertos, and I've eaten at them all as well as the *berto clones.  The meat never tastes like cat unlike at some of them and it's open 24 hours, inside too!  The condiment bar is always stocked with fresh peppers, tomatoes, salsa, guacamole, etc and they actually get my orders right first try.  If you do go late you may encounter a line at the drive through because it's a hoppin place after everything else closes.
4	I agree with the first review. I grew up in Arizona and this is by far the best Fillibertos. I guess some of the Filli B's in AZ charge for the extra condiments. At this location you can help yourself to free chips, salsas and other sides. This place is your best bet for late night authentic fast Mexican fast food.
3	If you're here, you already know the deal. Salsa bar FTW! It spoils me, as I can no longer visit any other Filiberto's location in good conscience. Must try after the pub closes.
5	This place is large enough for large groups.  They 8 different flavors of agua frescas (flavored fruit water) they also have free chips with 4 different salsas. A large burrito, taco beans, beans , rice and unlimited chips with a water cost me 7.14 with tax.  They have kids burritos as well and several video games for the kiddos.  Truly one of the best Fili-B's (as us locals call it) in the valley.  What gives this Fili's 5 stars is that the INSIDE lobby is open 24 hrs.  7days a week, 365...That made me say WOW, and thus, my only 5 star review so far!
4	Ok, so Filiberto's is my kinda joint.  It's open 24 hours and has tasty, inexpensive food.  It reminds me a lot of my favorite Mexican joint in Vegas, Roberto's.  I stopped in at a lil after 11pm the other night and got a Chicken Chimichanga.  I played some old school Pacman while I waited a very short time for it and when I got it, it was delicious.  I loved how the chicken was well seasoned and had a lil spiciness to it. :)  The beans and rice were also good.  I'll definitely be back.  See ya there!
4	I can't help it. I love their salsa and breakfast burritos.
3	Filly-B's. I'm not entirely sure where to start. Filly-B's is open 24 hours a day so that should really tell you where the majority of their profit margin comes from.I'm not saying it's bad by any stretch of the imagination. Speaking as a guy who can and has frequently crossed the border for lunch and lunch alone, Filly-B's is possibly the most authentic Mexican you can get this far from the border without risking some form of stomach problems that somehow seems to be characteristic of authentic food of any kind. Filly-B's bathrooms are of questionable cleanliness and the decor is reminiscent of a time when yellow and brown were the shizzle-nit (yes, I did just say that) but that doesn't change the fact that it is dang good food for when you've been out at a... juice bar.......... I would steer clear of their Carne Asada Fries as the number of calories in that dish alone is sure to make an obese person weep, but I urge you to be fearless. Try anything and everything. And for God's sake, if you don't already know, don't ask what menudo is made of.
2	I have tried giving  Filiberto's three chances for improvement, each in a different location. Yet, with each visit I am more disappointed. I have to say that the one on Guadalupe Rd is the worst I have ordered from. Not only was the customer service a disaster, almost borderline rude, but the tortilla for my shredded beef burrito tasted old and crispy. Flour tortillas are not supposed to taste like that. The next time I want some quick Mexican food, I am going to stop by Moreno's Mexican Grill, even if it is a bit farther away than a Filiberto's. I gave it two stars, because they do have complimentary chips and salsa bar, and so that does deserve some merit.
4	Best kids meals in town! We always order the junior bean and cheese burritos &  yummy crinkle cut fries (but you can order chips instead). The kids meals also come with a cute mini-Churro and a bottled beverage--which is way too sweet for my taste so we ask for fountain drinks instead. And don't miss the ever-so-satisfying country breakfast burrito, which definitely feeds two!
5	Immediately on arriving at Filiberto's, I was instantly concerned with what to order. All of their options looked good and I was starving. I saw they had a Chili Rellenos burrito, and coming from New York, have never heard of such a thing (which may actually be a staple in the south west). I ordered the chili rellenos burriot and added ground beef. When it arrived, the tortilla was toasted and fresh and was like a tortilla i have never had before. i got it all over my face and it was one of the best thinigs i have ever eaten. I will remember it like I remember eating this bowl of spegehtti covered in butter and cheese i once ordered at a restaurant with my grandparents. It was a great meal. Top 20.
4	Filly-B's is an addiction, once you start craving them you have to have them or you'll go crazy. The thing that my mouth waters over the most are the super nachos (a ton of chips with cheese, carne asada, and more all waiting to be devoured! It's probably best to eat these with a fork). My backups are their Arizona burrito (I never remember what's in it besides potatoes, but I love it) and the rolled tacos (but to be honest I've never had rolled tacos at countless Mexican places and I've never been disappointed and I can't say they are anything extra ordinary here).This location has some added bonuses: hot chips while you wait and you can walk "next door" to get a Jamba Juice!
4	Ordered way too much food. I had the number 10 which was two chicken tacos with a side of rice and beans. Sounded like something I can easily handle... Not even close! The chicken tacos are so full of yummy chicken I was full after only having one but I couldn't resist the second one... The rice and beans were very bland, so it's okay that I didn't have much room for them. Next time I will stay away from the meals and just stick with the tacos. As for the employees they did their business getting our food fast and clean tables I have no complaints. Very yummy and hope to be eating there again soon.
4	This by far has to be the best Filiberto's location. I have been to the Phoenix, Tempe, Chandler, Prescott, Mesa, Gilbert, Tucson and Casa Grande locations. -Clean salsa bar with chunky and smooth salsa options.-Free chips, most places will charge you for a small order.-Gold Peak green tea!-Smoothies and juices-Video games, tv's and free wifi-Fruit filled churros The tortillas are fresh and the place was actually clean, shocking. For what it is, this is a good location to stop by at if you are in the mood for this type of mexican food.
3	I was looking for a good "taco salad." My old place had failed me on several occasions with a taco shell that was less than fresh. Filibertos was close-by and they had a drive thru, so I asked if they had a taco salad. Yep! I ordered one with extra sour cream & extra guacamole. Salsa on the side.It was great!  . . . but it was not a salad. There were a few shreds of iceberg lettuce on top . . . a very few.  But, don't get me wrong, it was filled with pintos, chicken, rice, and cheese. It was tasty . . . and heavy.  The shell was fresh, but quickly became soggy from the beans & rice.  Salad wouldn't have done that so quickly. There was definitely extra sour cream; but a minimal amount of guacamole. I think I paid for extra of both?All I can say at this point is that I will go back again and give them another try. This "salad" was excellent, although not really a salad. It was a combo plate in a shell. Enough food for a football player. It took me three meals to finish it all. Use the coupon on their website - $3.99.The one real disappointment with the drive-thru was the service. The attendant was less than happy that day. Maybe it was just one of those days that we all have? Perhaps I will go inside next time.
4	Love Filiberto's - I gotta come here at least once every time I'm in Phoenix.  This is the place I compare all authentic taco stands to, and the one that introduced me to what good authentic Mexican fast food should be!  To me, most of the Filiberto's locations are pretty consistent so this review is really for any of the locations, but I'll have to agree with others and say that this location is arguably the best and I'm fairly certain this one was my first, and you know what they say about that!  Fresh hot tortillas, huge burritos, great salsa bar, cheap prices, open 24/7 what's not to like?  Love the packets of hot sauce they make fresh at every location and give away free and I've yet to find a sauce like it anywhere else, it's that unique.  I always asked for about twice as many as they give ya with every order.  I've tried the other copy-cats of the Filly-B name and they weren't quite the same.  Filiberto's is one of my gotta haves that I miss most about Phoenix and since it's open 24/7 I'll always hit it late night after everything else is closed to get my fill.
4	Great lunch specials and daily $.99 items. Always a great meal. Love this and all Filiberto's but this one is walking distance from my place and is open 24 hours soooooo, yeah. What more could anyone really ask for? Typical food, you all know what their food is all about, but I really like this location. Not just because it's super close and I can get great Mexican food at any hour of the day, the inside is unique. They have a few fun games and a bigger than average seating area if you need a cheap, good place to eat at 3am! I love fresh Mexican food, especially late at night. Thank goodness we live in Arizona, and 3 minutes from this gem!
5	One of the best filibertos that I have been to, hands down. Carne Asada fries are actually made with the chunky crinkle cuts, unlike the wimpy tiny side fries like the ones found on apache and Dorsey's filibertos. Love the service, love the chip bar and the sauce bar, the girl who took my order at like 3am was nice, and every time I go there I have a good time, unlike the one at Apache and Dorsey! The place is clean and well maintained too.
5	If you have never tried Filiberto's and are looking for good Mexican food, I recommend giving these guys a chance. They have many items to choose from on their menu and if you aren't sure of something, their staff will explain an item to you and tell you in very good descriptions what it is or entails. They have really good salsas, but be warned....their Tomatillo salsa (green sauce) is hot and has some kick to it! If you have a sweet tooth, I recommend their Flan and also their Tres Leches Cake. Both of these desserts are delicious and offer just the right amount of sweetness to satisfy even the finickiest of eaters. My favourite meal is their Enchilada plate and it's enough of a meal that I usually eat half for dinner and the rest for lunch the following day. It is just filling enough for me. If you want an appetizer-type of item, I recommend the Rolled Tacos with your choice of either sour cream or guacamole and in choices of 3 or 5.If you like Horchata, then you are most likely to love theirs. It is just perfect!
4	I love Filiberto's rolled tacos.  I always have to get an order with my food.  It's great that they are 24 hours and most locations have a drive-thru.  My go-to's are the Spanish Omelet with rice & beans and a tortilla or one of their fat burritos.  Any of their breakfast burritos rock and they are made to order and under $5.  How can you go wrong?  Their nachos and Carne Asada Fries are very tasty and filling.  The prices are cheap and for Mexican fast food, I really can't think of a better place.  Plus to wash all of that food down with a large Horchata?  Game on!
2	Oh Filibertos you were such a disappointment tonight!We had such a simple order - 2 bean burritos and an order of rolled tacos.  Order after order came up to the window and there we stood waiting and waiting and waiting some more.  It took 22 minutes for our order to come out.  That was after the employee repeatedly asking us what our order was and checking to see if it was coming up.  He finally realized that our order slip was not even on the round about and had to put the order in again.  When we complained that it took 22 minutes for our food, we got a blank stare and a "um, sorry."  Crappy customer service.  Decent food.  I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.
4	First timer, found on Yelp. I wanted hard she'll tacos, had beef. Pretty good. I would not order the chips and salsa. The chips were burnt and the salsa was slushy.
4	Ok. As much as I don't want to admit I have a favorite ANYTHING ending with B-E-R-T-O-S, this is it. I've eaten at this Filiberto's over the years more than any other location in the state. Pretty much because it's close to work and it's the place to go when I want to go to lunch by myself because I'm on a time crunch and brain meltdown and don't want to hear any work gossip or anyone's damn problems or anyone bitching about this, that and the other thing. Me, a carne asada burrito, an horchata and fornicate the rest of the planet - this is MY time. Cellphone off. World will have to wait. Sometimes I'll get the Carnitas plate. Quesadillas are pretty good too. That's about all I get here. Plenty of parking for this location - same mall as Fry's, Miele's, Pei Wei, Habit, Petco, Jamba Juice, and Starbucks among other things. I've been here at night but atmosphere is a little less inviting and a bit sketchier. I just get it to go! Better to come inside too. Freaking drive through line becomes long as hell at night. Cool thing here is the desserts. When they haven't run out of it, I get the flan. Not the best in the world but fork it, it's FLAN!!!! Sorta like what they say about sex - even when it's bad it's still good. I wouldn't really know - gotta get out of my mom's basement more often... Oh yeah. This place is cool during World Cup time because every freaking TV in the place is tuned to the game of the hour. And the place get's packed - people staying to see the end of the game long after they finished their lunch. LOL. Mexican place like this is more likely to have their TVs tuned to soccer than them gringo places - just sayin'.
5	Good. Big portions. Banging, flavorful burritos...It's the 1 and only thing I don't hate about Arizona.
3	The drive thru is more cordial than the counter service.Okay, this probably isn't true all if the time but it applies to tonight.The food is inexpensive, portions large, taste generally good too.  I like the green chili burrito.  It's filled with shredded pork in a green chili sauce and it's got some spice but I still require hot sauce.Salsa bar has good variety and there's a place where you can serve yourself chips.Crazy hours -they're open 24/7.  Perfect for the bar crowd.
4	I lived around the corner from here for over a year. I was there a few times a week. They have great breakfast, fish, and chicken burritos...actually...any burrito rocks. I MISS them and every time I visit AZ I eat there.  I even have my mom addicted.  For fast food, they are my fav.
3	It's a fast food Mexican spot... It is good not great. Better than Taco Bell that's for sure. The 5 dollar specials are great!
5	This place is the slam!!! If I lived in Tempe, I would eat here at least once, possibly three times per day!
4	Whether you're craving a breakfast burrito, or you have a late night hunger attack for carne asada fries, Filiberto's is open 24 hours a day to meet your quickie Mexican food needs. They have various combos and a good selection of various foods and meats, with even some vegetarian options. Service is usually pretty speedy here, and the salsa bar is usually stocked well with various salsas, pickled jalapenos, and lovely pickled carrots.
5	This is by far the best fast food restaurant iv'e ever been to. They always prepare your food after you order it so you know its fresh. The staff members are always friendly and consistent with preparing your order correctly. Way to go Fili's!
5	Best morning burrito on this side of town.Love getting the burrito with some chips and salsa. Large horchata please!! Yumm yumm always go here late night. Open 24hr
3	Food here is good, predictable, sometimes enjoyable, but most often falls short. Today I had the chile relleno meal11 which cost just over $8 dollars.  Not cheap but not overly priced either. It's really a good plate but theChili Rellenos had very little flavor. They are served with rice and beans,  and salsa.  You get some guacamole not much and a little sour cream and a gigantic tortilla. One thing's for sure if you eat everything on the plate you will not leave hungry. But as I said there is not much flavor to this meal. Thank goodness you can have free salsa green and red and chili and hot carrots. For a quick meal, I say go ahead. But for anything else, I would look elsewhere!
5	I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of my Carne Asada burrito. The meat was exceptional, and void of any gristle / fat / or chewy low quality beef cuts. The taste was great too, and the size for the money makes sense to me.  Even though they are a chain, it's good to see consistency and quality in their dishes ; and I commend them for having the best "fast" Mexican food in the valley.
