5	This is exactly what you expect when you think "neighborhood BBQ".  From the big oil drum grills cooking out on the sidewalk to the plain white sandwich bread served with the meals.  The menu is basic, but you're not coming here if you're looking for a million selections.  They do a few things, and they do them well.  Choose ribs or chicken, one of  the sides (mac and cheese, green beans, baked beans, yam), and one of three BBQ sauces (honey mustard, mild, hot) and you're all good,The ribs were fall off the bone tender, the mac and cheese was awesome, and the sauces were perfect.  All in all, the perfect spot if all you want is some damn good BBQ. Oh, and warning: a half rack is enough to share between 2.
5	This place has some of the most fantastic bbq I've ever had! (and I've hopped across America and have had bbq in at least half the states. I LOVE BBQ) We drove down the street to the smoky clouds of meat grilling outside in huge drums. It smelled fantastic and looked the way beautifully cooked racks upon racks of ribs look. When you grab a rib off the plate you rarely get the whole thing because the meat will peel half off the bone back onto the plate. Out of this world!The collard greens and mac and cheese deserve a poem unto themselves and the yams. OH the yams. Yams just shouldn't be cooked in any other way than that! Every piece sopping in mapley droop! This is as good as it gets.
4	Ok, this place is legit and should only be approached while the sun is up.  The first thing you see upon pulling up is smoke, smoke everywhere!!  It is awesome, all the drums are going and cooking some tasty BBQ.  The sides are better than the ribs and I give them a 5.  The ribs I give a 4 and hence a 4 overall to the restaurant.  My only complaint was the sauce seemed generic but they were cooked to melt off the bone perfection!! Though I wish they were a little crispier come to think about it.Back to the positives: the best candied yams and tied for first collared greens I have ever had!  That is saying something since I have been to Texas and the South for some of the finest BBQ anywhere.  The mac was pretty good too!
5	Def the best BBQ in the burgh. Service was outstanding and the honey mustard sauce is unlike any other. not to mention the meat is tender and plentiful.
5	2 words, DARN GOOD, had the 1/2 rack, mac and cheese and yams, Everything was good to the last bite, I must say the location is not the nicest but it is true to its roots as a local hometown bbq, SO guys keep  up the good work and you now have a customer for life even if I have to drive 20 miles and around  the closed tunnels to get there, Well worth it!
4	Thank goodness for Yelp so I knew what to order here.  I smartly went with the ribs dinner with sides of mac n cheese and yams.  Everything was about as good as it could get.  Please don't judge this place by its appearance or location.  You'll know you're there when you see the big drums where they are cooking up the ribs and chicken.  However, you may smell that distinctive smoke flavor in the air well before you make visual contact.  When you go inside it's a simple lunch counter with a few tables.  Inside it is very hot and smells like the inside of one of those drums.  Everyone was friendly and patient with me as a first-timer.  I admit, I had a Google Offer that was about to expire or I might never have heard of this place.  My certificate was good for $12 and my meal was around $10.  I wasn't worried about the difference but the young man behind the counter told me to grab a drink so I'd get my money's worth.  I went with a can of Hawaiian Punch.  Great customer service along side some legit BBQ.  Can't beat it.
5	Awesome. This is what BBQ is all about. Extremely friendly people. Fair prices. Excellent food. The neighborhood is dicey and the place is is a dive, but the food makes it all okay.
3	Maybe I came on an off day? The ribs I had were dry. The pulled pork special ($3), was flavorless and fatty. Their were some delicious aspects though: -wings (awesome flavor)-bbq/hot sauce - probably the best sauce I've ever had- mix it together for perfection-greens (amazingly seasoned)I loved that when I walked up, dudes were outside grillin' up some magic. I'd try this place again but I was not overly impressed.
4	you can smell it as soon as you open the car door. It hits you right in the face. I was in need of some good soul food/BBQ and this place didn't let me down. Although in a rougher area of town, their food really left me feeling satisfied like being at my auntie's house.i can't say I was thrilled with the condition of this place. Kinda run down, no seating for guest but for family only. They were kind, helped me pick out something interesting and allowed me to swap out pork ribs for the turkey.We ordered two chicken and rib dinner, they came with two sides as well. We choose 4 pork ribs, 2 turkey ribs and 4 pieces of chicken and for our sides we chose mac n cheese, baked beans, greens and yams. My favs were the turkey ribs especially with their honey mustard dressing, and all the sides were awesome!The pork ribs didn't have much mea ton the bone but they turkey ribs were amazingly most with plenty of meat and flavor. The wings were just ok but they tasted better with BBQ sauce. Sweet baby rays never lets you down! Hubby preferred the pork ribs and beans with mac n cheese. I think we will definitely be back here!
4	An article about the best BBQ in Pittsburgh led me to track down The Dream BBQ.  My boyfriend loves ribs so I wanted to bring home a rack for him.  I prefer pulled pork and brisket but neither is an option at The Dream BBQ.  I purchased two full racks of ribs and a large side of the macaroni & cheese.  I selected their mild BBQ sauce and their hot BBQ sauce.  The ribs have lots of meat, a smokey flavor, and a light char. They are quite good!  Unfortunately neither of us cared for the Mac & cheese.  I know this sounds strange but the cheese sauce flavor reminded me of the flavor of creamed corn (which I do like!).  While I definitely won't order the Mac & cheese again, I will buy their ribs as the occasional treat.  I also wish they offered either corn bread or hush puppies.
4	You might miss it if you're driving too quickly, but definitely a place to try if you like ribs. We ordered a full rack of ribs and for sides we got the yams and mac & cheese. Everything was very good - lots of smoke which we like.
