1	Do not come here! This place is packed full of people waiting to have an abortion and it's really gross. They don't take time to explain anything and they will not even let your boyfriend or husband in the ultrasound room if you want him there. You can definitely find help somewhere else where you are not treated like cattle!
1	Customer service was terrible and for being the first time I have ever been to one of these places, I felt very uncomfortable. I was not even sure if they were open. I went to planned parenthood to get the morning after pill because I researched that it was less awkward getting it from a place where everyone who is in there is there for pretty much the same reason. The greeting and customer service was mediocre up until my card came up as declined. I just checked my bank account because I am always paranoid about the amount of money in my account and I had over 200$ in there. The lady all of the sudden became rude and irritated that my card was declined. I was confused and told her that I would step aside and call my bank to hopefully clear up the confusion, oh i was also the ONLY customer in the building so it was not like I was holding up a line or anything. Then no longer than 15 seconds away from the window, my card magically worked. I quickly signed my receipt because I wanted to run out of there and I lastly ask if it was my card or another error that had occurred and she just rudely says it was my card. I left with no "goodbye thank you" and will definitely never go back there. I would have rather been judged by the grocery store cashier than had to deal with planned parenthood. TERRIBLE.
1	Treat their patients and staff like they are worthless. Actually encourage abortion as a birth control option. More money in the bank. I'm prochoice but anti planned parenthood. No human being should be treated as though they are below another. That's how you can expect to be treated at this clinic. They don't allow for any emotional support during the toughest decision a woman could ever make.
