1	Because of this Blockbuster..Im now a NetFlix member.. EVERYTIME since Ive moved to N. Phoenix that I have been a paying.. yes, paying customer, you Blockbuster managers.. I have had or witnessed an issue at this place.. scratched movies.. once I get them home.. just to go back and not even get an apology.. wow! you gave me a free movie.. the same one and you act like you did me a favor?! Ugh.. and the attitude and unprofessionalism of the peeps working there.. I mean.. seriously, people.. DONT yell across the store to ask if it was inventoried.. no manners here , whatsoever.. and does the line of people really care that you were completely drunk last weekend.. as you tell your coworker.. No.. we think your an immature slob.. and what the h is that burping sound from the supply room.. Oh wow! ITs a burping coworker.. fantastic
2	For the most part, the employees at this locations' pretty cool but there is this one female employee that really made me dislike this place. I came in there one afternoon wanting to buy used blu rays and little did I know they had a 5 for 20 deal that wasn't advertised. The employee that was workin that day told me that it was 4 for 20. And for 25 bucks I could get a fifth blu ray plus other snacks. I quickly jumped on that deal. Next day I came back and saw signs of the 5 for 20 deal. I felt betrayed by that liar.
2	just another day of going in here, except this time after i picked out the The Blu-Ray i wanted (a 2010 remake of an old 1982 film) i went and waited in a long ass line for a long ass time and after receiving my Blu-ray at the door i walked out to my car, had a feeling something wasn't right so i checked the disc, and I'll be damned, the dumb cashier gave me the 1982 (remastered bluray) version, after walking back inside i looked at the cashier who swapped the bluray i returned out for the new one, he looked at me and instantly headed for the back of the store. so i got in line (and was next in line) but between the two other cashiers who were slow (mentally and physically) i waited for a loooong time and when i got to the counter i told the lady he gave me the wrong disc and she sat there dumbfounded as to how to swap the disc out, she went and got a manger who told her to do it like any other exchange, and then after having all this time wasted she proceeded to tell me there was a sale on batteries tomorrow (Christmas day) if i come in and buy something... after wasting more of my time and the other 40 people in line she finally forked over my bluray and i was on my way.
2	No wonder blockbuster is going out of business. They arent very observant when i was needing help. they were very rude and didnt care to tell me all of the information i was looking for from them. its very dirty and not well organized.
4	Hey, some of us still like to RENT movies, rather than buy them or watch them streamed. (Can you say compression artifacts?)It's the closest one to me, now that my "local" one was closed during the bankruptcy. I have no probs with this store at all. I get my movies in the mail, and I trade them in here for other ones. They don't have a GREAT selection of obscure foreign flicks, but its pretty decent. Same for old-school horror flicks.They also usually have a copy or two of the latest Fangoria and Rue Morgue magazines. They also carry a number of tattoo-related mags like Bound By Ink (I'm not sure why - but they do).It's also where I usually pick up a couple of Mexican Cokes. No, whatever "deal of the day" they are having on snack items and drink combos does NOT apply to these. Too bad.
