4	Iovino's is a great, little restaurant and a new addition to the strip of shops on Beverly Road.  The owner, Jeff Iovino, is a Mount Lebanon native and grew up in the neighborhood.  The food here is interesting and innovative, and focuses on local ingredients.  I had a PLT sandwich - shaved and deep-fried pieces of portobello mushroom, lettuce, and tomato, on perfectly toasted white bread and accompanied by sweet potato fries.  It is a delicious sandwich that I have craved every time I've been in Pittsburgh.The space itself is very minimalist and therefore can get loud, I've heard.  I visited with four friends towards the end of their lunch hours and received excellent service.  I would highly recommend it for a quick bite to eat while completing shopping or banking on Beverly Road.  My only gripe is the fact that they are closed Sundays and Mondays.  Since I am usually in town on weekends, this really limits my ability to visit.However, the food was great and more than enough reason to set aside my minor gripe.  I hope to return soon and try more of Iovino's wonderful food.
5	I was expecting a moderately good meal based on what others had told me, but I was incredibly surprised by how much I enjoyed my meal at Iovino's.I had seared sea scallops with linguine and a porcini cream sauce.  The flavors were very well balanced and made for a great dinner.  The others in my party had a filet on mashed potatoes with a tasty sauce, a flank steak with mashed sweet potatoes, and pan seared fluke on quinoa.The menu changes frequently, so check the website for the latest offerings.  I don't go to Pittsburgh very often, but I'll certainly be visiting Iovino's again.
5	I am fortunate enough to live within walking distance of this excellent restaurant. The food has always been excellent and the service is very good. The tempura tuna appetizer is delicious, and I've never failed to enjoy any of the entrees.This is one of those rare restaurants where the food's flavors are well-layered and interesting without being clever or pretentious.
4	I've been here twice and both times were meals that I will never forget about.  It's a bit pricey, but worth it.  BYO too.  The first time I had a Tagine that was better than any Morroccan Resaturant.   Second time had the best fish I've eaten in a year. Would go back in a hearbeat.
5	Wow!  Just opened and everything was great.  Service was very attentive and friendly, noticed the staff helping each other, including our table.  All were friendly and able to answer our questions.  Nice decor but was a little noisy because small and all hard surfaces.  Nice cafe menu with about 8 salads, 4 hummus recipes about a dozen sandwiches which come with sweet fries, or regular fries or some wonderful Tomato Basil Soup.  Also, about 8 dinner Entrees.  Also, a few kidz items that come with fruit.Cafe io has a liquor license with some about 6 nice different style beers and some wine.  Many of the tables had BYOB wine and found out the in Sept. no BYOB charge, but it will be $10 in the future.Our table had the Roasted Vegetable Flat bread Hummus pizza as a starter.  I chose the Pittsburgh Style Crab Cake Sandwich with napa cabbage slaw, fries (I chose the sweet potato fires, they were delicious!) citrus aioli on toasted sourdough bread.  Delicious, nice slaw, with a great crab cake!  Others had the Grilled Angus Burger, Roasted Turkey sandwich, Grilled cheese.  Everyone was very happy with their meals.  Managed to get some of the Tomato Basil soup, great home made soup that was thick and sweet.The food is scrumptious and the prices are right. Cafe io is open Tuesday - Saturday 8 am - 9pm.
4	If your looking for a great little cafe to have a really good meal and spend a little time with your sweetie, Cafe IO works!  We stopped for a late dinner on Saturday after all those things you do for the kids were over with...and YUM!  The restaurant is not really romantic but it was not loud, even though crowded.   The tables are rather close, unless you get that little table behind the door. That table was in use but we were seated along the back wall and had a really nice meal.The Tomato Basil soup is so rich and creamy.  Should have let Rachel know about this on here soup request.  The chef really does a great job.  There was a drink of the day, but we passed and just had some wine.  There are about a dozen different beers available.Also, notice there are daily deals, which are basically early bird type deals and less expensive drinks on some nights.  Not sure how crowded this place gets earlier, but it was later, and a few empty tables with people leaving and some coming in.  Notice one couple that came in shortly after we did, it was about 9, that just had desert and coffee.Besides the Tomato soup, we split the Tempura Spicy Tuna Maki that was more than expected and very good.  The menu has several salads including a grilled veggie patty.  Other items on the menu include about 8 sandwiches, a couple of burgers and about 10 entrees.  Ordered the Jambalaya, very good andouille sausage, shrimp and chicken with the chef's rice mix that was well prepared.  It was delicious and the shrimp, andouille sausage and chicken were not over cooked, which seems to happen to Jambalaya at many restaurants.  Congrats to the kitchen.Deserts are limited.  We split a berry tart on a thin crust with a little bit of cheesecake surrounded by the crust.  Wonderful!  The waitress said the the pastries are brought in.My only small peeve is the waitress, while rather attentive, forgot to bring bread to our table and it looked really good (at the table next to us).  Oh well!
3	Very good food..just a little to noisey for my liking
3	It may or may not be fair for me to rate the restaurant since I never actually ate the food. We entered the restaurant and were seated at a table for four . The restaurant was 75 percent full. Very nice interior with upscale decorations. The problem was that it was so cacophonous a dining space, we could not stay. None of the 4 of us could communicate with one another over the tinny clatter. Unfortunately, one of the members of the party had ordered a martini. The same member  of the party decided he could not tolerate the noise. We rose to leave and informed the host. He informed us that we would have to pay for the ordered drink, whether we drink it or not. Fair enough. It was made. Those around the seemed to be enjoying their food. It looked appetizing. No matter how appetizing the food, it is of doubtful appeal  in such a cacophonous dining room. Unless you plan to visit on a slow night, be prepared for a jarring experience. Update- I increased my review to 3 stars. It's probably closer to three and a half. It is still jarringly loud in this restaurant. But I think the food,  the service, and the excellence of the cocktails make this place worth visiting
5	Everything here was top notch. The waitstaff, the atmosphere and the food... all great. I'm concerned they don't have a bigger sign outside... how will the people know? My mom just asked me where she can take me to lunch on my birthday and Iovino's is where I picked. Hope this place makes it.
4	Great little cafe.  Tasty, simple, and somewhat trendy food that is well prepared!Was surprised they were out of my original order; shouldn't the waitress know that when giving us the menu?  But the food is good and my second choice was tasty and flavorful.
4	My BF and I came here last week for a celebration dinner.  I came here years ago and it was a BYO and the menu was much more expensive.  I had also had the best Tagine I have ever had back when it was Iovino's.  So I was surprised when we looked at the menu that things were under $20 and much more casual.  I guess they decided to revamp the menu when then changed from Iovinos to iO.  I had the braised beef chilli over a parmasean polenta, which was a special.  It was fantastic and super filling!  My BF had a burger which he said was cooked to his medium preference and good.  Our server was really nice, very attentive.  It wasn't busy for a Wednesday.  I'm glad they changed their set up to a more casual neighborhood eatery.  They do serve wine and beer now, but you still can BYO.  So moral of this story.....if you are avoiding this place because of the old expensive menu from its Iovino's days, its time to revisit iO.
4	After a long hiatus, I decided to give Cafe IO another try. My first trip to Cafe IO left me hungry and disappointed. I ordered the city chicken knowing it was actually pork but was quite surprisd by the fact that it was served medium rare. I was not asked how I wanted my pork done and would never have ordered it medium rare. I only eat pork that is medium well to well. When I told my server this, I was told there is nothing they could do about it. Needless to say, I didn't go back for well over a year This time, I noticed that the menu had changed and the place had significantly increased in popularity. We arrived at 7:30 and were told we would have to wait a half an hour. After convincing my husband to stay and wait, we made our way to the back of the room to the bar which is quite small and crowded. NOTE: They are no longer BYOB. You can bring your own bottle of wine but there is a corkage fee. I believe it's $10. Within 15 minutes, we had a table. Th menu consisted of sandwiches, burgers, salads and homestyle favorites. I ordered the turkey with mashed potatoes with bacon on top. Delicious. My dinning companions ordered a variey of sanwhiches/burgers and really enjoyed their meals. For dessert, we shared the Ghiradelli chocolate brownie sundae. Chocolate decadence! Overall, I think that Cafe IO has made some significant improvements over the last two years. The menu is more appropriate for the location and clientele. The service is good and the drinks are reasonably priced. However, if you go on the weekend expect to wait 20+ minutes. They do not take reservations.
3	I stopped by here a couple of Fridays ago for dinner with my fiance and parents.  We got there at around 7:30 and were seated immediately.  After quickly looking at the menu, we decided to start off our evening by sharing the crispy green beans.  They ended up being green beans coated in panko and came with a horseradish dipping sauce.  While the green beans were seasoned nicely and were very tasty, I was sad the the sauce that came with it did not have any kick to it at all and seemed to be more like a sour cream than a horseradish.  For my dinner entree I ended up ordering the tomato cream fettuccine which came topped with spinach and shrimp.  Whenever it came out I thought that the size of the pasta looked a bit small, especially for the price.  I did end up enjoying it though as the shrimp and pasta were cooked nicely while the sauce was fairly tasty.  I only wish that they would have given the table or me some bread to eat with the pasta.The bottom line for me is that I might head back here again in the future.  While nothing was bad about the place and the food was solid, nothing really blew me away.  Due to that I feel like I could have gotten better value for my food at many other places.
5	Love it!!!
5	A cute little place with A+ food, you'd do well to make a reservation due to the cramped dining room. Luckily, we got a table with only a ten minute wait. The Crispy Green beans with their creamy horseradish sauce are a great app (it looks like everyone else ordered it too on Yelp). I had their Hot Ham N' Cheese Pretzelwich which is stuffed with thick cuts of country ham, gooey gouda, and has honey mustard on the side. The bun is a legit pretzel. Soooo damn good. Darren wanted to switch between halves so I got to try his Pittsburgh Crab Cake sandwich which was pretty good, even if I liked my pretzelwich better. For dessert it was the dreamy, fruity Limoncello cake. The ambience is very chatty. Our server Stephanie was a doll. I recommend dinner here since the food is good and offers something for everyone, including those on a budget.
5	Crabcake sanwich is great
5	Pertect place to take you children. They have a huge selection of kid friendly items on the menu  (my six year old Son loves it there and do so I)   but the best part about Cafe Io is the grown up food. I recommend the chili and the chicken parm sandwich.  Both are hand made and both are awesome.  Every then me or and one with me has ordered there has been awesome.
4	So happy I finally gave Cafe io a try!Was in the Mount Lebo area for business and needed to grab a late lunch with some colleagues (~1pm).  After avoiding a potential chain-restaurant fiasco, we agreed to give io a go.Simple, well-executed, darn good food.  I don't know how else to describe it.  My crab cake sandwich was fantastic (no significant filler, perfectly toasted bread) and my coworker's chicken BLT was apparently knock your socks off simple good.  I had debated ordering the fish tacos, and after seeing them come out to a few tables around us, I'll definitely be going back to give them a go!The staff is well-attentive, and unlike a lot of the reviews, we managed to walk right in and grab a seat (likely due to the time of day).  While I was there, I also found out that they host monthly beer pairing dinners, which definitely has been added to my list of 10,000 other things to try!If you're in the area, do yourself a favor and grab lunch here.  While I wouldn't give it a solid 5 (prices may be a little high for the suburbs...  just barely), I would say that this place just works....  can't really exlain it in any other way!
5	How did I not know this place exists for so long? Seriously, it's a 5 minute walk away from my house - HOW?Cafe io may be my new favorite local spot to eat. It's cozy, it's comfortable - it's everything you want in a cafe with that little extra something that comes with a restaurant. The staff is great and the cooks specialize in well-done comfort food. Tomato soup, grilled cheese, burgers, those sorts of things, with daily and weekly specials that add a little extra flair to the menu and gives the adventurous folk some extra options. But really, comfort food's the way to go here: what's better on a Friday than eating your favorite soup or sandwich while sipping on a cocktail?I personally highly recommend the hummus and vegetable plate, and the veggie sandwich was really yummy as well. My first visit was the day after Halloween so they still had a Pumpkin Pie martini that was wonderful, and I can't wait to see what other seasonal beverages this cafe may offer. Hopefully one of them goes with a crab cake sandwich, because that is next on my list of things to try!Oh, and as if the food weren't enough of a reason to go, it looks like they often give donations to and do partnerships with local nonprofits. Comfort food that helps benefit a local cause - now really, how can you say no to that?
1	We loved this place until tonight. The chef/owner screamed at me because I did not like the sauce on my pasta and ordered something else. He had the waiter charge me for both dishes and then came out of the kitchen to scream at me for about 5 minutes. We are disappointed because we have recommended this place to dozens of people and went there about once a week for months. I cannot believe that this happened and I will be sure to tell anyone who will listen to take their business elsewhere.
4	Great for lunch.  Love the tomato soup, grilled cheese sandwiches, jambalaya  Only disappointment were the green beans.  Prepared perfectly, they were served with a horseradish dipping sauce that had almost no kick.
3	Consistently ok food. I adore the fish tacos. Other meals I've had there are literally not memorable. It is a small, clean little place. The service I've had here has been pretty good on most occasions, but can be a little slow.
4	Why have I never been here before?! A lovely place with excellent service and even better food. Huz and I ordered an appetizer and two entrees, which was a little bit too much food, but we were hungry and finished it all. Unfortunately, we didn't leave room for dessert so I can't comment on that. Everything about this place was great and I like to think that this is our new go to date spot.
5	Very nice little cafe in the middle of mount leb. Lots of locals and kids were there; nice atmosphere when we went for lunch around 1. I had the crispy fish tacos which were amazing. I ate the whole meal! They were light and crunchy and had a tangy kinda sauce. The staff was nice and all around I had a very good experience for a quick lunch. Exactly what I wanted. My boyfriend had the angus burger and added bacon he said it was pretty good and I could tell because he finished everything on his plate.
5	Just went there today for lunch as my friend had never been. Really great experience. The waitress was friendly and kept the hot water coming for our tea. I suggested the hot turkey sandwich because of a recommendation on Yelp. My friend and I both ordered it and it was delicious!
4	Had a very nice meal at Io on Friday night. Although they don't take reservations and the restaurant was quite busy, I was seated within 15 minutes. The menu has many tempting options. I chose the  orecchiette with kale and sausage. A simple concept but I've never seen this combo together.  All items were perfectly cooked and complemented each other well. I definitely got there fresh ingrediant conceptThere do seem to be some organizational issues however. I asked for no cheese, and my pasta was covered with Parmesan. Also, there are great sounding smoothies on the menu... Still, would definitely recommend.
2	We enjoyed our food but not the half-hearted service. Our waiter, Michael was all business and no pleasure. Asking about the menu seemed like an inconvenience. When we asked him what type of soda they had he simply answered "Pepsi products" to my 7 year old. When I asked if he could tell us what "Pepsi products" again it seemed like a total inconvenience. When we asked him for the desert menu he said it was not printed and grudgingly told us what they were, leaving out the gelato option. When we asked him to repeat it, he only repeated half of the deserts. The restaurant wasn't even full. Needless to say we didn't stay for dessert even though we had planned on it as it was Grandma's birthday. He made the experience mediocre.
5	Probably our fave neighborhood joint.  Just great American food.  Love the grilled cheese, sweet potato fries, and fish tacos in particular.  I think my husband could live on the fish tacos... Never had a bad meal here.  DH had a steak special here the first time we went and he seemed to think he died and went to heaven (crab mashed potatoes were admittedly truly outstanding).  I like that there's a good mix of standards -- sandwiches, pasta, salads, meat.  Something for literally everyone.  Service is always polite and prompt. Prices are reasonable and we've never had trouble getting in.  They make a good dirty martini, which is always a plus in my book.
4	It is a small gem in Mt. Lebanon! The food is unique and the prices are great. I had the smoked pork and shrimp fried rice it was amazing! The waitress said that they smoke their own meats in house! I know I will definitely be back!
2	I came to cafe io on a Saturday for late lunch. The place was pretty empty and we were allowed to seat ourselves. The decor is classy and welcoming, although the space is a little cramped. The bar is jammed into narrow hallway that leads to the kitchen. I would not want to sit there, but they made the best of the space they had. This place is expensive for a cafe-type lunch atmosphere, but I was expecting this. I hoped that the prices reflected a higher quality dining experience, but I was disappointed. I ordered the french mushroom soup to start. This soup was so close to being awesome, but employee incompetence ruined it. My soup was very nearly cold. The cheese on top was not melted, as I'm sure it's supposed to be, and the cool temperature was a surprise. The soup itself was actually very good, and I was starving so I started eating it anyway. By the time our server reappeared (much, much later), I had already eaten most of it so I decided not to complain.My mom and I decided to split the fish tacos. Another disappointment. They were dry, flavorless, and cold--again. I just ate them anyway.  They had a sauce on them that I assume was supposed to add flavor but I couldn't taste it at all. The tacos also came with fries on top instead of on the side, which wasn't really clear on the menu. I wouldn't mind, except there were only 3-4 fries on each taco, so the sum total of fries was significantly less than if they were a real side dish. Bummer, because I was splitting with my mom and more food would have been better. Luckily, we also ordered a side of sweet potato fries. My mom really liked them, but I wasn't impressed. They didn't have any seasoning on them. This is what my mom liked, because she generally doesn't care for sweet potato fries, but loves sweet potatoes. I was just not impressed with these unseasoned sticks of sweet potato. Overall, there was nothing terrible here, but I wasn't blown away by anything either, and the prices were too high. The cold food was probably due in part to the time of day (between lunch and dinner shifts), but I still don't excuse them for it. I won't be back.
5	I tried this place after reading a review of them in the City Paper as a top restaurant in Pittsburgh. This place is perfect; a casual cafe/cozy room, albeit very tiny, but not so small that you are sitting right up on someone. There are no tables right next to each other (hate that awkwardness where you are practically sharing a table with another couple). Lots of cute shops on this street to browse in after lunch or dinner. The service is great, very professional, attentive, and down to earth. The food taste like it belongs in a 4 or 5 star restaurant, but its served in a cute little cafe. The food could easily be sold for 2 or 3 times the price if it were served in a bigger restaurant. Everything is home made, divine. Appetizer: try the fresh hummus and pickled veggies, never knew I liked pickled veggies! Best hamburger I've ever had.  Everything from fish tacos to steak to pasta. Great salads served with fried onions on top. A nice little bar, good martini selection. The amazing thing is the price. Most meals around 15$, great value and atmosphere.
5	Best grilled cheeses in Pittsburgh. Love this place. I have eaten here 3 times & the food is always delicious. Highly recommend a grilled cheese with grilled onions on whole wheat with tomato soup. The grilled cheese has the perfect amount of cheese & bread (it's not greasy) & the tomato soup you can tell is made from scratch. Also, the fish tacos are awesome! Good service, the food comes out fast & good prices. You can't go wrong, Cafe io is a must try!
