5	This place is amazing! Not only is the Owner so nice and patient the place is so cozy and up to date with technology! You can bring people to experience your 4d ultrasound because the room is BIG!I was on the fence of doing the 4d ultrasound but we decided to do it twice and it was such a beautiful experience!Prices are reasonable and you will be treated like the Queen that you are!
5	This place is so cool! There was about 10 of us that went to see the first images of my  nephew. There was enough space for us & more people. The waiting room is peaceful & welcoming. They have a comfy bed for mommies instead of those hospital beds. When I get pregnant hopefully I can find a place in close to where I live like this. It cost her only $90 for the photos & DVD with the discount from online. I forgot the technician's name but she is very knowledgable & sweet. Always referring to my nephew by name. We saw the baby cry but most of all smile. Such a memorable experience.
5	This place was wonderful! After having a horrible experience at Miracle in Progress, a family member referred me to them. They took me in the same day the other place turned me away at and got me right in. They were friendly and very understanding! I'll be going back every week to check on my growing little one lol
5	This place is great! My husband and I went when I was a little over 14 weeks. The 3D was very cool. Went for an early gender check and she was right. :)
5	This place was great. I felt welcomed and so comfortable. Beautiful viewing room, completely catering to the pregnant mom. Maria, the owner, was so nice and fun during my ultrasound. The viewing room is huge and can accommodate large parties of people comfortably. Can't wait to go back when I am further along.
5	This place is amazing. Maria and her assistant are both awesome. They tried hard to take a good picture of my baby. In the beginning it was a little tough because my baby moves a lot and covering her face all the time. Then finally she moved her hands off her face and Voila, they managed to get a good image. We also got to hear the heartbeat and the size of the baby to check if everything is normal. I recommend this to all the mothers not only wanting to find out the gender of the baby and those who wants to have an idea how their baby looks like. I definitely would come back a month before my due date to see my baby once again.
5	My husband and I went to this place recently when I was 14 1/2 weeks for a gender check and photos. This place is amazing! The images were so clear on a big screen and it was so comfortable. Maria was very nice and accomodating. Money well spent and these memories are for a lifetime! I will definetely be back throughout my pregnancy.
4	This ultrasound tech was very sweet and took her time with us.  However, I think the receptionist was new and was very scatter brained.  We bought the coupon from Yelp and she claimed we HAD to have it printed before hand.  I thought this was odd and unreasonable, but the owner ended up accomodating our coupon.  The photos and DVD turned out wonderful.  It was a great experience minus the hiccup with the receptionist.
4	It was a great experience. Would go back there again. Bc of there are cheaper places around i didn't give them the 5*.
5	Maria is AMAZING! Super personable and excited to help. Got me in right away. Took her time and made me feel extremely comfortable. The office is clean and pretty. Blows miracle in progress out of the water, I will definitely be returning!
2	I've heard of at least three people getting wrong genders from here.  One of them is my friend!  Prices seem really high.  Also, the place so hard to find but we finally found it.  The room is not nearly as big nor were the couches as comfy as Miracle in Progess which is where we went last time.  This place is ok but with the new HD machine over at Miracle in Progress, they just can't compare.
5	fun and well worth the money
5	Very patient/friendly. We went over our time but the tech was determined to get us a good shot of our baby's little face.
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place! After a bad experience with Miracle in Progress I was thinking maybe paying out of pocket for a 3D ultrasound just wasn't a good idea for us. But I'm so glad we changed our minds and went here. Maria was so welcoming and knowledgeable. She was an ultrasound tech in the Navy, so she knows what she's doing and what she's looking at. She got some wonderful shots of our baby and was able to tell us 100% without a doubt that we are having a girl! Plus we left with a goodie bag of information and freebies. If you're looking for a place for a  3D ultrasound I highly recommend Baby's First Image.
2	I did not have a great experience. The tech was proficient for sure, but she told me a story of a woman who had 5 failed pregnancies, and said, some women just aren't able to stay pregnant. I have had a miscarriage and am pregnant again, so for me this was the last thing I wanted to hear!  I won't be going back.
2	I did not have a great experience. Past ultrasound techs have made me feel so welcome, but not here. I was told it was ok to bring my 18 month old son and because he wanted to wonder the room she said "are you sure you want another one" not my idea of a joke to say to a pregnant women. She did do the ultrasound but I felt very rushed and will not be going back. I am giving 2 stars because I got to see my baby and know the sex.
5	I have had a few ultrasounds and this experience was by far the best! Maria is fantastic! Honored my group on and treated me and my guests to a show of the baby. It was fun and informing. I was used to a tech just scanning and expecting us to guess until we see pictures. She was wonderful and the office was well set up with a huge couch for everyone to sit in and watch.
4	I received a flyer for this place from my OBGYN. My Husband and I were really antsy about finding out the sex so we decided to come here for the gender check. We purchased a Yelp deal ($75 package for $50).They were a little behind schedule when we arrived so the wait was about 20-30 minutes. Didn't bother me but my husband is super impatient lol so he was a little annoyed. I like this place. The only thing I didn't like was the couches in the waiting area. They do look a little dirty and the seats are so low and the cushions sink so much I couldn't help but laugh at the thought of all the very pregnant women having a hard time getting up off those things. Also for some reason the whole place kind of smelled like farts. I hate to say it, maybe my sense of smell is a little sensitive right now but I think maybe they should have some kind of air freshener in there or leave the door partially open, the waiting room is very small and looks like it can get over crowded easily since they encourage you to bring more people with you. Overall, The staff was very friendly and the pictures came out great. We might be going back once I am further along to see the features of our little guy.
5	I'm so happy I decided to switch to this place from Miracle's in Progress. Maria was simply awesome! she made me and my whole family feel welcomed & the receptionist was really nice too. I had an "OK" experience with Miracle's in Progress just because the tech was no fun at all that's why I decided to try Baby's first image. I went here for my 32nd 3d/4d U/S & the baby was being a little too shy but Maria knew all the techniques so we can see her face. I would definitely recommend this place! You won't regret it! I bought the groupon deal for $35 but added a DVD of the entire U/S for $25. It's such a GREAT DEAL! plus you get mommy goodie bags w/ a lot of free stuff like a carseat canopy, nursing pillow, baby formulas, nursing covers, prenatals, & more! So much better than MIP where you pay for $75 for a "15 minute ultrasound", no goodies, and impatient staff.
5	I had my gender check at 14 weeks and had a really good experience. The seating was good, the ultrasound tech was sweet and very informative. I was to anxious to wait for the dr to tell us the gender so I came here. It is a little pricey! But overall it was a great experience! And yes, she got the gender right, I had a boy! Also she did my cousin who had the same due date as me, the same day and got her gender correct too! I'd recommend this place to anyone!
4	The technician was friendly, took her time, and was accurate in determining my baby's gender at 16 weeks. We never got any good pictures of her profile, but honestly all I really cared about at the time was finding out the gender. Overall a very nice experience.
5	We had a fantastic experience!We found a $37 deal on Living Social, and it included finding out the gender (which we already knew, but it's good to get a confirmation), hear your baby's heartbeat, a CD of all the pictures, and a gift bag (that has coupons and formula).Our baby is a beautiful baby boy! I couldn't help but be sooo happy to see his handsome face in 3D - even if he tried covering it the whole, entire time with his hands. He even kicked the camera a lot of the time. I got a little fighter, but he's been like that with every ultrasound I've had. He has his daddy's nose and his mommy's lips. I can't wait to meet him in real life... but I, also, can! He has seven more weeks to get happier and healthier!It's located in the back of a business plaza, which was a bit hard to find. But the lady working behind the desk was extremely nice and welcoming. The place was clean, and there's a comfortable, nice waiting area with a television. The room where the ultrasound is held is comfortable. You lie on a bed while your spouse/partner, friends, and family sit on couches around. There's a gigantic screen for everyone to see the baby on. We completely enjoyed the experience, and we would so recommend this place to anyone who wants to meet their little one before they arrive! Thank you, Maria!
4	I came in on a groupon at 20 weeks for a gender check.The waiting area is a little small and they have wood floors so every step u take makes noise and I was kind of wary as I was afraid it was interrupting the ppl who were in a session;there's only a door separating the waiting rm from the ultrasound room. The waiting room sofa is like a comfy hole so pregos need someone to help us back up. The receptionist was fine, it's not like I was expecting a song and dance from her like most ppl on these reviews seem to want. The ultrasound room itself is huge but my party wanted to stand around me anyway so they didn't sit, there was 6 of them, small children included. Maria, the tech, is absolutely amazing! She interacted with my entire party. My baby was being extremely difficult. My OB office wasn't able to see the gender because my baby is always face down, BUT Maria was able to catch a glimpse of it, spent a lot of time trying to make baby cooperate and kept the surprise till we were actually able to see it ourselves. She was so awesome that I will be going back at 32 weeks. I gave it 4 stars for the small waiting area but everything else was great.
5	Such a great experience! Customer service is great. The tech is super nice, talkative, and makes the experience worthwhile. She knows what she is doing and made it apparent during my session. You really do get your money's worth here. We chose the 75 dollar package and it's more than enough. Extremely clean place as well. I would definitely go back again!
5	This was such a great experience! We found a deal on groupon we couldn't pass up, and after being told by several friends it wasn't worth it, we went ahead anyway! Our baby looks exactly as he did in the 4d pictures and the experience was great! The whole thing took about 20 minutes and the lady who preformed the ultrasound was so super sweet! We will definitely be coming back for future babies!!
5	I LOVED Baby's first image for six reasons (originally four reasons, but as I started listing stuff I wanted to add more!!):1. How big the room is! It was awesome, a lot more relaxing than any one I've been to! It's super cute and decorated and just awesome. 2. It is across the street from my OB and down the street from my house, so if I ever feel worried or curious, I can always come here super fast.3. Maria knows a lot, and you can tell just by talking to her.  I have major anxiety and obsess over MC and "what if there is no heartbeat?" but she reassured me that everything is going good and even wiggled my belly and I was able to see my baby move. (I went for a gender check and it's a girl!) 4.  You can text your appointment request! I don't know if it was her receptionists number or Maria's but I texted Thursday night, and was able to get an appointment for the next day through text, I thought that was so awesome!5. The wait was literally only the time I took to fill out my forms, which was one page and super easy.  It was definitely less than 4 minutes I think! 6.  This is the MOST important to me: Whenever my boyfriend and I go to my appointments or anything, all the nurses ignore him.  They don't even look at him, nothing.  It makes him feel less involved and it offends him partially.  I know he is trying his best, but it makes him feel less-worth in the situation, in return, making him less excited. But, Maria talked to him a lot, and even put his last name for the baby.  He definitely was not excited to go in with me, but he left really happy!  And I think she even excited him that it's a girl. I'm really happy she wasn't like all the other nurses or ultra sound techs who only talk to me. I appreciate that the most. So in 14 weeks, I'm planning on going back to Maria to see our daughter in 3d, I'm super excited, and I already KNOW it's going to be a great experience!
5	I recommend this place! Really nice office great machine! It was unbelievable how clear the image was. A++
5	Awesome place, unfortunately I didn't get to finish my pregnancy so only got to check the place out twice. The staff was fantastic, office was clean. I def. reccomend it and def. plan on going next pregnancy.
1	Don't depend on groupon to get a good deal. I literally compared this place to its competition by there reviews and from what I read first baby imaging was the best. Well I called to make an appointment 5 weeks ago and whoever I spoke with did not give me enough information to save me a 30min drive. I told the lady that I wanted to find out the gender before my doctor told me since I would have to wait till 20 weeks. My appointment was for today which I am currently 16weeks. Once I arrive the sign in form has a box stating a $25 fee would be added to my charge if this was my first ultrasound. It also says that they are not a medical clinic and the information they would provide me is everything a doctor would tell me. So why would I pay you $25 if your information is not valid and why wouldn't someone notify me when I made this appointment 5 weeks ago of this extra charge.Not only did this sudden news make me upset but I was told to arrive 15min early for me to wait at the front desk for 10min to check in. I also requested the first appointment of the day and there were two groups before me. I will never return to this facility due to how unprofessional it is run and I even informed them on this review. This is my first child and I was really looking forward to finding out the gender early but I guess I will have to wait 4 more weeks till a real doctor can give me accurate information.
1	I've been trying to call for days now and not once have they answered their phones. How am I supposed to set an appointment if I can not get in contact with anyone.
5	Ladies were very nice. We didn't have a long wait, and the room was very comfortable. Lots of goodies in the swag bag. They were correct not only about my baby being a boy, but about their prediction he was going to have very long legs and arms. He does! Big hands and feet too, he's going to be tall. Admittedly I assumed that something like that is probably said for all customers, something specific and personal to evoke those warm fuzzy feelings. I thought that at around 20 weeks if he had long legs, he would simply end up growing into them and being more proportionate by birth. But he's now 3 weeks old and everyone still comments about how small he is now but how tall he'll be with those long legs and arms :) The pictures were also very clear. I was always that person who had no clue what I was looking at when looking at ultrasounds, but she walked us through and labeled pictures clearly. I have no problem identifying anything from his pictures. All in all, great experience. I would go back and have recommended them to friends :)
1	Have been calling to schedule an appointment also had some questions n ofcourse no answer
