5	I participated in their "Engineer for an Hour" program.  For $250 they teach you how to drive one of four diesel locomotives in their collection.  I choose the huge Union Pacific GP-30.  An engineer and a brakeman ride along with you.  The engineer told me how to work the controls and the brakeman acts as your eyes when you go backwards through the railway crossing.  The guys were great and made the experience a lot of fun.  It took two hours each way to get there and back on the bus from my Las Vegas Strip hotel but it was definitely worth it.  I will do this again to try out another one of their locomotives.$8 train rides are also available on weekends.
5	My 100th 5-Star review....Growing up and through my adult life, my Dad was always into trains.  He had a lifelong love of them that began from his own childhood, and tried over the years to share them with me through various experiences.  I liked them well enough, but they were always his interest.When he passed a few years back, I decided to honor him on Father's Day by doing one of the train ride experiences that they offer on the weekends.  So the missus, a few friends and I went on a leisurely ride and back in their vintage train car.  A short trip, all things considered, but a really unique one.The trains really are kept up so well here, especially the running ones.  They are beautiful, and larger than life.  The engines and cars themselves are true testament to a more glamorous time, when trains meant luxury travel, and you can see why.  This place is clearly a labor of love, and even if you don't want to ride a train, they have a few engines on display with some historical information on the various makes and models.  You end up walking among giants from another time, and sadly may never be seen again outside of experiences like this.Sometimes as I'm leaving Boulder City, I pull over in the parking lot, and walk close to the trains to just look at them.  I will never truly appreciate trains the way my Dad did.  But from him, through him, for him, I've found an appreciation of my own that make those mechanical marvels seem all that more special these days.
4	i have been here a few times. very time you are here you feel like there is a really big part of Nevada's history is here.
4	Fun train ride in Boulder City.  We were lucky cuz we also got a bonus ride on one of their smaller trains!
4	Let's face it, this isn't the most kid-friendly area of the country.  And that makes the Nevada State Railroad Museum a rarity: a great activity for kids (or overgrown kids) in the desert around Las Vegas. And as little boys and their train sets know: railroads are fun.  The Southern Nevada Railway moves a little slow and the ride is pretty short, but through a little kid's eyes, it's a fun chance to move around a railroad car and watch the desert scenery go by an open window (or sit in an air conditioned car for a little cooler ride)  And for the adults, you have a chance to ride on a historical piece of railway.  These are the railroad tracks that supplied the Hoover Dam as it was being built.  That's about as old as Vegas-area history gets.  If you stick around after the ride, you can take the postal train option and go view the the train graveyard and some of the old railway hardware.Bottom line: it's cheap, it's fun and it's a great fit for the kids.
4	I was torn between 3 and 4 stars for the Railroad Museum, I went with 4 since there is a drought of kid friendly things to do in the area and the kids there were having a blast.   Went here with my Fiancee on a day date, neither of us have been before so decided to give it a go.  A ride on the train lasts about 40 minutes and cost $10.00 for both of us.  The ride takes you from the station north east toward Vegas just past the Railroad Pass Casino, about 3.5 miles.    Since it's the Holidays they had Santa and Mrs. Clause on the train which was kinda cool.  I was leaning toward three stars b/c the museum part seemed disorganization and cluttered but then again this is Southern Nevada and anything that doesn't rob tourists of their money isn't important and doesn't get the attention it should.  This could be a five star cultural and tourist attraction but I don't think it ever will, too bad.  Bottom line if you're in town bring your kids here and take a break from the casinos. Oh and check the schedule for departure times and bring cash they don't take credit cards.
5	My nephew love trains. And saying that he loves trains is quite an understatement.Seeing the smile on his face thewhole time playing with the model trains, riding the trains, anything/everything trains was PRICELESS!My family had planned this event and, honestly, I was like "Santa Train? In Vegas?" I didn't ask too many questions, obviously, but, since I was off that day, I went.It took about 30 mins to drive to Boulder City which for me is a road trip in itself.We had an hour before the "train ride" so, we got to check out the museum they had. It was crazy to think that this was someone's hobby because they had full blown towns with 3, sometimes, 5 trains going at the same time. One of the towns even had a mini replica of a McDonald's!I had a chance to even buy a few stocking stuffers for the kiddies. And by stocking stuffers, I mean, toy trains...duh.As we waited in line for the train, a line quickly formed behind us. Lemme tell you that I'm glad we were 1st in line because there were soooooooooooo much people. Didn't realized how into trains people were! lol It was great to get first dibs on seats on the train considering I didn't want to sit in the outdoor section of the train...it was freeeezing ballz out!It was a short ride but, any time seeing the kiddos all happy and excited is always worth it. They even had Santa and Mrs. Clause take pics with the kids! It was great.All the workers are volunteers and tickets only cost $5. If it wasn't so far, I'd love to come here with friends. Its an experience, to say the least. It's something you would never expect right outside of Sin City.
4	Not too bad for a state railroad museum, as they provide model trains and even train rides on the weekends. Admission is $10 for adults and the train ride goes 7 miles round-trip alongside U.S. Route 93 in Boulder City. You can ride in an open air car, or air conditioned/heated Pullman.
4	Went with my grandson's class to the museum , awesome .  All employees were helpful, seemed genuinely happy to have two classes of second graders there.  My grandson loves trains, we will be back.
5	I just wanted to say how how impressed I was by the Thomas the Train event. My husband & I attended with our 2 year old girl & had a blast. Every employee we encountered was wonderful. The face painting, tattoos, art & crafts, play trains and rest of the activities were all outstanding. It was so well thought out & run. Perfect for kids of various ages. The train ride itself was the perfect length of time for small kids. The conductors were very engaging & upbeat. The only downside was that the concession stand didn't take debit/credit but that's our own fault for not bringing cash. Going to this event has definitely made me eager to do the other kid friendly events they hold. I have been to a lot of "kid" events in Vegas & this one definitely was right on the mark. A+!
5	When people ask me what I like about Nevada, I always make it a point to seperate the Strip from the rest of the state, I alike the natrual attributes of the state. This exhibit opens you up to how hard the workers' conditions were when building the railroad. Its a beautiful thing to see this part of Nevada on a warm clear day. You are actually reminded that this state is beautiful. Take your kids, great way to enjoy a Saturday a.m/early afternoon.
5	This place was awesome. Everyone we encountered was so friendly and nice. The train ride was very informative with history. Will do this every time I come to Las Vegas.
5	This is such a cool place and Ive been here several times. This past time we went for a Day out with Thomas. I would highly recommend if you have small kids that you attend this event. In general the museum is small and theres not much to see, but the train ride on an old-fashioned locomotive is not to be missed. The only problem is theyre only open on weekends, for limited times. So check the website before heading out. The thomas event, however, cost the same as a train ride, included a train ride, but also had lots of fun activities for the kids including an art tent, a balloon blowing clown, a game area, and a HUGE thomas mini railway for kids to play with. Plus sir topham hat was there, and if you visited several locations you got a free gift (stickers, but who cares? The kids loved it). There was also a thomas store with hard to find thomas items. Sign up for the museums email newsletter to get notices of special events. They also offer other things throughout the year such as a santa claus train, and the facilities are rentable for special events. Finally, its entirely run by volunteers, mostly older gentlemen who love the history of trains and are very knowledgable. A great day out with the kiddoes :)
4	Went out here with my grandson for an event called A Day with Thomas. Apparently Thomas is a cartoon that he's a big fan of.We had a great time out there. The staff were all friendly and helpful. I would have given it a 5 if it wasn't for the huge crowds. I'm sure that means it was a successful event for them, but crowds aren't really my thing. I'm sure I"d probably given it a 5 if I visited on a non event day.The old trains were interesting and I would have enjoyed spending more time there learning more about the history of the railroad...but it was my grandsons day and it was a pleasure seeing him have a good time.
4	This is a fun little outing to do.  Go to the website and you can get a dollar off coupon for the ride. http://www.nevadasouthern.com.  The train ride isn't spectacular, but the conductors & train personnel are all volunteers and serve as wonderful docents on this 40 minute excursion. Lots of historical and area tidbits. It's also nice to see the desert from this perspective. The first trip of the morning at 10:00am is exceptionally lovely. Didn't have time to see the museum. Next timeIt would have been nicer if parents exercised some control over the screaming, running children. But that's too much to ask these days.
5	Great place to take kids who love trains. We moved to Las Vegas in August and have been twice. The train ride is short but my 4 year old son loves loves loves it. The second time we went was for the Halloween train. It was a great experience both times and everyone is extremely friendly. We look forward to going back for the Christmas Train.
5	I'm a sucker for trains so I tend to stop here every time I'm in Vegas. I've been here about 3 or 4 times already.The last time I was in Vegas was in October...happened to catch the Halloween train then. Cute for the kids and all.Planning on stopping by during my trip coming up in March.
5	This is such a fun event for kids of all ages. Riding on a real train! With fun events like the Santa Train, Halloween Train and the great Train Robbery it has something to entice you to live out your dreams of riding across the old west. You will find yourself sharing this with others as you share the weekend fun. I purchased the Yearly family membership for $60 where I can take my daughter and  grandson as many times as he wants all year long.
5	Everyone is really friendly here.My kid loves trains and on the first and third saturday they have rideable miniature trains for the kids to ride he loves it.The big train ride is just long enough for kids.
4	This is one of the places my boys always look forward to.  It is an old railway from the building of the Hoover Dam that has been converted into a historical train museum.  There are various examples of choo-choo's here dating back from the early steam engines up to the giant diesels.  You can explore an old mail coach and view an extensive model train exhibit in one of the air conditioned coaches.  There is a small yellow passenger train ride, which is free, that takes you through the "bone yard" where other unfinished train restoration projects lie wait for future funding.The main feature here is on weekends they have a fully functional train that takes 2 40 minute rides down the tracks.  It has overhead covered coaches where you can feel the wind and there are air conditioned enclosed coaches with restroom facilities also.  It takes you through boulder city on down towards the tip of the hill where you can almost see Las Vegas and then back.  TIckets to ride this train are 10$ for adults and 5$ for kids.We always have to tell our 3 y/o that Thomas is sleeping in the train repair station because he works all week long, lol.  The kids enjoy this much more than we could've ever expected.  So we are now annual members of the "Friends of the Nevada Southern Railway" with a years worth of train rides for the whole family, yay!  No matter what - our kids hit us up for a toy train in the gift store.  I step & trip on numerous trains of every color in our house now. It's a fun place you'll like it!
5	The Nevada Southern is a true class operation. They have some terrific old locomotives, and the ones on display and in use are in terrific condition. The train rain is just a simple back and forth, but you get to see the landscape from a different point of view. What makes the NS amazing however are the people who run it. I had interactions with at least six of them and every single one of them was kind, informative, and proud of their railroad. My only complaint, which is not their fault, is it can get uncomfortably hot in Boulder City.
4	Great place to take the kids or visiting relatives. My nephews love trains, so they love taking a trip up to boulder for the train. Prices are good and they offer $1.00 off coupons.  They offer four different departure times each saturday and sunday.  On the earlier times, you can actually get a 2nd ride on the tracks with a rail car to see the trains and tracks they are working on. There is plenty of room on the train, both indoor and outdoor cars are available. The staff is very friendly, and will remind you constantly of upcoming events. This is a great spot off the strip to relax and enjoy a short train ride.
5	Been here twice and had a really good time. Today they had the great train robbery going on with a lot of period actors. Ride  is relaxing and  the museum with different locomotives and cars is unique. Great fun for $9.
