4	My toes have been sheltered from sunlight for quite some time now.  I wanted to get a pedicure before heading to Phoenix, but walking through the snow in flip flops just does not interest me.  Nico's mom and grandma go to V-K's so I gave them a try.I walked in without an appointment and had to wait about 20 minutes before Jenna started her magic.  It was very nice that they let me wait in the pedicure chair to enjoy the chair massage and warm water on my tootsies.  The pedicure itself was great.  Jenna gave me a fabulous foot and leg massage and all for $20, which is what I spend in Spokane.  I couldn't have been happier about that.  I will be back for my next pedicure next time I'm back in Phoenix.
5	I've got two words for you people.  Well, technically one word and one hyphenated slang term.  Regardless, it is FREE WIFI.  That's right, at the freaking nail salon!I realize that I have issues when I judge my nail salons solely upon internet access, but it is a beautiful thing when you can get a pedicure in the middle of the workday and not get busted for it because you are fully functional from your laptop the entire time!!That said, it is also a nicely sized, CLEAN facility that is surprisingly inexpensive considering it's location on the corner of Central Ave and Camelback.  I used to pay an extra $5 in Scottsdale and at least another couple of bucks in Tempe as well.The nail techs are all delghtful and speak english as well, which as most of you know, is not often the case.  I have never had to wait more than 5 minutes before I'm in a chair with my feet in hot water, including New Years Eve, which is pretty incredible.  My toes always come out looking lovely which is the icing on the cake.  Price is right, quality is right, staff is right, wifi is oh so right, consider me a customer for life!
5	LOCALS, PLEASE TELL ME YOU KNOW ABOUT THIS PLACE!Service was exceptional! My friend and I were greeted right away when we came in. We just wanted to get pedicures and they sat us right away. It was a little busy when we came in, but they were able to turn on the water and massage chairs for us. - THE BEST FOOT MASSAGE EVER. I am convinced that the lady that did my pedicure put effort into giving me a foot massage. It was at least ten minutes long.- FROM OBSERVATION, they seem to really try to remember all their clients and make an effort to gain more long-term clients. - THEY HAVE A TV. Any nail salon place that has a TV (that is turned ON especially) means that they do care about the comfort of their clients.- CLEAN- GOOD SELECTION OF COLORS; however, I was in the mood for green- but they did not have enough green colors. So I opted for a hot pink. - PRICES ARE DEFINITELY REASONABLE. My pedicure was only $20 and that included my AWESOME FOOT MASSAGE!- LOCATION: easy to find; it's in the corner shopping center on Camelback & Central. My friend and I were only visiting Phoenix- but I would definitely come back if I were in town again.
4	Is it worth it?? I'll let you decide.I probably had the best pedicure ever at this salon on Saturday. When I read the reviews for this place, I knew I had to go. I was sold when I heard something about wi-fi. I actually wasn't able to get online, but I was enjoying my pedicure so much, I probably wouldn't have been able to get any work done anyway. It is true that the massage was pretty amazing. On top of that, my nail technician had really amazing attention to detail. The place is also really clean. They scrub their tubs immediately following the pedicure which is very settling. The things holding me back from giving it a full 5 stars are the fact that I wasn't able to get online, and the price. After tipping my nail tech, I paid almost $40 for a french pedicure. Although I really had a great experience here, I won't be able to come here as often due to the price.
5	I almost hesitate to write an honest review about this place, lest the cat further escape from the bag. The mani-pedi here beats the hell out of the one I had at the Camelback. No lie. They definitely spend an extra amount of time on the massage, even when they're busy. And the mani includes an extended neck and shoulder massage. My God. Heaven. Are they a few dollars more? I guess. I'm not sure, and I don't care.Minus 1/4 star because even though it's heavenly, it's somewhat unsettling to be rubbed into oblivion by a smiling Vietnamese woman who keeps asking "You like? Feel good?", as it makes me feel a little pervy. Or maybe that's in my mind. I kind of like it either way. Minus 1/4 star because the services here do take a lot longer. This is not a quick stop you make while running errands on a Saturday. 1/2 star added back because of its proximity to AJ's, so you can get a giant iced coffee beforehand. If I could give an extra half star for nice facilities, sparkling cleanliness, and better-than-average English skills, I would.  Now go, let them rub you, and try not to think about where those hands have been.
4	I've been twice so far, both times...great nail job. I got acrylics with gel overlay, they do a meticulous job. This spot is clean,  well priced (my full set with gel overlay was only $30), and the service is great too. After having some very disappointing experiences at two different shops near my work, I am so glad to have found a reliable nail salon that I can count on for consistently perfect looking nails. Yay!
4	I spent the better part of my afternoon today searching Yelp for a good nail salon.  Summer has arrived in Phoenix, so naturally, I'll be wearing flip-flops and open-toed shoes more often, and my feet were in serious need of a pedicure.  After finally settling on V-K Elle based on the great recommendations, I headed over without an appointment.Upon arrival, I was greeted by a friendly male nail tech.  He asked what I wanted and then asked me to pick a color.  Once I did, he asked me to take a seat in the first pedicure chair.  I waited a good fifteen minutes before a tech became available, and it was around that same time they turned on the water and allowed me to soak my feet.  Tina was assigned to me.  Though her English was pretty poor, she was friendly and reserved.  She asked if I wanted my toenails trimmed then went to work.  The only other question she asked was whether I wanted to pay an extra $5 for the callus remover treatment, to which I said yes.  She scrubbed the hell out of my feet, which they desperately needed, and shaped my toenails nicely.  After she rubbed my feet and legs with a scrub of some sort, she spent quite a while massaging lotion and oil into them.  It was nice; I'm not a fan of really deep massage on my shins, and she didn't go overboard.  I could have done with a deeper massage on my calves and feet, but I could have spoken up about that.Once she was done, she rinsed me off and applied the color I'd chosen (a gorgeous, deep, red OPI which had, unfortunately, lost its label).  After she slipped a pair of disposable flip-flops on my feet, I paid her ($25 before tip, which included the callus remover treatment and polish) and waited a few minutes for the polish to dry.  As I was waiting, the same man who had greeted me came by, thanked me for my visit, asked my name, and asked me to please return.  I definitely will!A few things to note:Pro: Tina and the male tech apologized a few times for my having to wait so long.  That was considerate of them.Con: While I was still on the chair with my feet resting on the bench waiting for the polish to dry, Tina tried to clean the tub while my feet were still up.  She looked at me like wasn't sure what to do, so I offered to get down and instead sit on the manicure chair beside me.  There wasn't anyone waiting behind me, so she could have waited the extra five minutes I was there to clean her station.Con: There's a tacky sign on the wall which encourages customers to pay their tips in cash.  This isn't a forced policy, thankfully, but it made me roll my eyes a bit.
5	My brother and I dropped in here last week for some mid-day pampering. We were there for almost an hour for just pedicures! You might want to keep that in mind if you are in a hurry, but for me taking a few days off in the middle of the week, it was great. They have the massage chairs and tailor the warm/hot water to your temp preference. The girl who did my feet was awesome. Generally, I am not in a talkative mood during a pedicure but she was funny and very nice. My brother said she must have loved me because she worked on my legs and feet forever. The pedis were $20 and then I got the callous remover for an extra $5. I know that the basecoats and topcoats are standard but it seemed like she did some extra stuff to the polish and my toes look great. My last pedicure at another place started chipping the same week and I don't see that happening with this pedicure. This place is great!
2	As much as I like the service here, it's the unabashed lies and endless waiting amid gaggles of shrilly giggling Xavier girls that has chapped my ass to the point where I'm done with this place. They have a handy trick of popping you in the pedicure throne with your feet in the water without telling you how long the wait is, and by the time you've realized it's going to be forty minutes' wait, it seems like more of a hassle to get up and dry your feet. Clever me started asking how long the wait was as soon as I walked through the door, at which point someone inevitably looks around and lies through their teeth when they say "10 or 15 minutes". Multiply that by three and maybe you get the truth. Once I even made an appointment, trying to avert frustration, but my payoff was that I "only" waited 20 minutes. C'mon, people, it's plain old rude to lie, so as much as I love the neck and shoulder massages, I'm done...
5	I've been going to VK Elle nails on Camelback since I moved here 3 years ago. I've tried a few other salons along the way but keep going back. Yes, its likely that you'll wait a few minutes for your service due to the large following they have but I can assure you that the wait is worth it. And once in the chair, you'll never feel rushed. It's the only salon I know where you'll get a 15-20 minute foot and leg massage. Try going at the beginning of the week to get in faster. Enjoy!
5	I love to grab a pedi at VKs mid work week.  It's a very popular spot on weekend, so mid work week is important.  They take their time with you - my last pedi was an hour and a half.  Can you just imagine that foot massage - it was divine.  And I now have the cutest 4th of July totsies in the West - see the attached photo!
1	This was the worst pedicure I have EVERhad!!  I will say that I went in at a semi-busy time of day without an appointment. Needless to say, this was the quickest pedicure I have ever had.  When I looked at my nails to check if they were dry I noticed two of the nails had bubbles and the paint extended beyond my nail bed.  The lady who had done the pedi had already started on another customer, and had to leave them to come back and fix my nails.  My friend was also having a pedi done and said that there were still rough spots on her heels.  I will never go back to this place again.
3	Even though I have a couple 'regular' places I like to go in Ahwatukee, the only chance I'd have for a manicure before my morning flight would be at lunch today, and since I work downtown, my regulars were out.I called and asked if they did gel manicures and what the wait time was.  They said yes to the gels and no waiting.  I couldn't help wonder if they were being less than truthful based on the earlier reviews I read.  I was thinking about this as I passed 2 or 3 other strip mall nail salons...  When I arrived, they looked a little busy but were able to take me right away.  The girl doing my manicure was very sweet and quiet.  As she was removing my old polish, I asked if they were usually more or less busy weekdays at lunchtime or if this was about normal today.  Her reply was 'Sunday'.  Lol.  Definite language barrier.  She was very meticulous with my manicure and polish.  The job was okay, but could have been a bit better, especially for the amount of time she was taking.  I think she was pretty new, but very nice.  They don't look horrible, and I've definitely had worse, but my 'regulars' do a better job.  As my nails were 'drying' in the UV lamp, she walked behind me, moved my hair out of the way and proceeded to squirt some lotion on my back, under my shirt!  Really!  Lol - needless to say I was a bit surprised, but she started to rub my shoulders and neck and gave a really great massage.  I was grateful but the lotion thing really took me by surprise! Since it took longer, I wasn't able to grab a bite at AJ's like I was hoping and had to settle for Taco Hell.  I literally scarfed a bean burro driving down 7th Ave back to the office as the alarm on my phone was going off alerting me to the 1:30 meeting that started in 15 minutes.All in all I'd say it was okay, not super awesome but not terrible.  I'd definitely go back if only for the included neck and shoulder massage but I'll plan on it taking a while.
1	I do not have a clue how this place has an average 4 star rating. seriously people, 4 stars? I am mad at all of you.allow me to break it down for yall. this place blows. the only thing saving them are their amazing chairs. and in full disclosure, this place has the best chairs i've ever used. i say that everytime but this time i'm super serious. like, it was making me laugh and i had no control over it. that's how good it felt. the chairs deserve 5 stars.but their nail polishes all looked old- crusty and in need of some serious help. and when i went to set my purse down behind my chair- there was no place to hang or set my purse. all I saw behind the chair were MASSIVE dust bunnies. like, so large i'm surprised they weren't hopping around and mating. on second thought, maybe they were mating like bunnies bc there were a TON of dust bunnies back there. they told us to sit down after we picked out our color but waited 10 minutes to turn on our water. I get they were busy but some water would have been nice to start prepping our feet.then my lady hurt my toe. that's not as important bc that happens sometimes but she really hurt my toe :( woe is me.then we saw a lady with foil on her fingernails so we started asking our girls what that was. they told us it was for the gel nail polish and we started asking questions because we were interested in maybe doing it. but in the middle of our question asking they start ignoring us and began having their own conversation in vietnamese. it was really really rude. so we stopped asking questions about it and figured we'd get it done elsewhere.THEN once my toes were done my friend decided she wanted a different color and asked me to grab one from up front. being the awesome friend i am i got out of my massage chair to grab another color. when i sat back down.....brace yourselves because this part is gross....when i sat back down i looked at the bottom of my newly pampered feet. and. they. were. BLACK on the bottom. my feet don't even look like that if i walk on the pavement in my neighborhood barefoot! DISGUSTING. filthy. blech. and to top it off, our pedicures were over $20 each. and that was ZERO upgrages. no callous remover, no design, just the basic. one dollar sign symbol, yelp?!?! yall are crazy! that is not cheap for a pedicure! one dollar sign symbol means like $15! that's an expensive pedicure for this type of salon. so the saving grace here- the chairs. but i will never go back. so gross.and to top it all off, they did a gangster paint job. see pic.
3	When I worked at my last job, this was the closest nail salon that I could sneak to on my lunch break, so with an AJ's Diet Coke in hand, I would meet my sis for a lunchtime treat. In fact, it's here that I saw the email come in for the interview that led to my dream job working for yelp! But sentiments aside, I think this is a very decent nail salon. I'm torn between three and four stars on this one. The salon itself is just ok. The pedicure massage chairs are really comfortable and provide an excellent massage but they are worn down. The towels they provide you to cover your legs during the massage are stained with old nail polish and while I know it's just nail polish and they are clean, it's a little icky to look down at a dirty towel on your legs. They don't use utensils in the sterile bags, but everything they use is clean and I've never had a problem. The staff here is so friendly and very professional. They do an excellent job on both pedicures and manicures. My nails won't chip for a long time after my service and I leave feeling revived and refreshed. But most importantly, let me talk about their massages. I am a huge sucker for a nail salon who offers an extensive massage to go with the service. I mean that's the whole reason you go to get your nails and toes done in the first place right? Well, V-K knows how to live up to expectations! They do about a 10 minute leg massage on each leg as well as an extensive arm massage as well. In addition, they offer a neck and shoulder massage if you get a manicure. I always leave my little service feeling like I was at a spa all day long. And it's only $30 for a mani/pedi. Not a bad deal if you ask me! I don't make it here a soften as I'd like to anymore, but when I'm in the area I make sure I stop by. Plus, they have free Wii-Fi!!
3	I used to go out of my way to get a mani/pedi here. This place has gone totally downhill. Just ahd a pedi 2 1/2 weeks ago and toes are chipped and polish is not staying on well. There are maybe 2 people that are good at this salon. They also charge 20 bux a pedi and it usede to be 16ish..Not cool
1	Am I allowed to give negative stars? This place has horrible service.  I was waitingg for fifteen minutes before anyone acknowledged me. When someone finally told me to go sit on one of the pedicure chairs, I was left there for 20 minutes. No one even turned on the water so my feet could soak.  I'm never returning to this place.
2	I live about a block from this salon and all I can do is echo one of the other reviewers - hit or miss!  When they moved from a smaller shop space in the same center, I thought they had it right.  Clean, modern, fast, not expensive...but it certainly hasn't been maintained.  The place needs a good cleaning and fresh paint- top to bottom.  I've had some quick, polish changes with great results and also some sloppy work where they scrape off polish repeatedly with their finger nail trying to fix polish mistakes. (yuk...cannot be sanitary) or start applying polish when there's clearly old polish left on the cuticles.  I drives me crazy when the nail tech is really rough and jabs at my cuticles and actually hurts me and looks surprised when I ask that they be more gentle.  The other nail salon in the "hood, Elle nails at 7th Street and Missouri is actually worse, so I just hope for the best when I go and keep looking for a better salon in the neighborhood.  Ladies, clean the salon occasionally, and pay attention to your customers' expectations.  Mine are pretty low, and you still only deliver half the time.
5	I am keeping the nail tech's name a secret, but I have to say that she does the best job EVER and you will know it if you are lucky enough to get her at this salon! She is very hard to get an appointment with because people like me book WAAAAAAAY in advance to sit in her chair. On occasion, I've let my acrylic fill go too long and been unfortunate enough to have to get an emergency nail repair done when I've been traveling... the nail tech that does the repair comments on how good my nail tech back home is!!! So, for that alone, these guys get 5 stars from me!Now, for all you people who do the mani and pedi... I've heard [and seen] how great the massages are for the mani; I've even treated friends to manicures here and they were very happy. I've gotten plenty of pedi's myself [and brought my b/f] and we always get service that is just fine. I've been to a lot of nail salons around the country and I'm very pleased with this one... the service, the friendliness, etc. It's a tough, competitive business and they really earned my loyalty.
2	No consistency, sometimes service is great, but lately I've left with sloppy manicures and pedicures.  I'm going elsewhere, not worth the headache when you're trying to treat yourself.
4	I have always been really happy with the pedicures that I have had here.  They do a great job, the staff is always nice, and they give GREAT leg massages.  This is by far my favorite place to get a pedicure.  I've always been really happy with their nail art too.On the other hand, I've never been really happy with their manicures.  I have natural nails, I don't do acrylics.  I don't like how they shape them, and they seem to do it quickly such that they are somewhat uneven.  They always file the tops of my nails, presumably to help the polish adhere, but my nails don't react well to it.  I had a gel manicure once, and it seemed they were really rough taking off the polish.  Then again, I don't do manicures often and I've never had one done elsewhere.  Maybe this is just how they are?  Anyway, I can't recommend them for this.  Their peducures are awesome though!On Saturdays making an appointment is a good idea.
1	This place is filthy!!!!!There are nail salons on every corner.  Drive a mile in any direction and find one that owns a mop.  I tried to power through and keep going here because everyone goes here.  And then they turned my nail black.  Probably dirty tools.  If they can't sweep a floor, why would they clean their tools?Their chairs are old and broken.  There is always a wait.  And it is like a Seinfeld episode as they speak another language and point at you and laugh.  You can do better.
1	If I could give a zero I would! I've been going to this place off and on for years until I finally started seeing a nail tech that did a decent job. The nail tech I would see would blatantly  ask if I could pay her  tip in cash because the owner would take forever to give them the their tips. On another occasion I asked if she could give me a backfill but she told me she wanted to leave early for a trip and instead did the white gel that only lasted 3 days!! You would think I would learn my lesson but continued to go because I'm not familiar with other nail shops. Well... I went two weeks ago for a fill and a week later noticed that my nail hurt and looked green and puffy!!! Yup infection!!! I went to the doctors and was told it was infection from DIRTY TOOLS!!!! Do not go there!!! I've filled out in a formal complaint with the board. SAVE YOUR NAILS DONT GO HERE!
2	I have been here for 45 minutes waiting for a mani while my Mom has been getting her toes done. They really need to tell you how long it's going to be so they don't waste your time.  This has been nothing but a waste of my time.  I'm glad they are busy, I want the local businesses to be successful, but not at the expense of my time.
4	This is a great nail salon with friendly, personable staff and very high quality work for a very reasonable price.  They give the best and longest leg massages and they also give you shoulder massages with your manicure! I've been coming here for years and have never had any issues or complaints.  The only negative about it is that you always have to wait a really, really long time to be seen.  Solution? Call and make an appointment.  Simple as that, problem solved.
5	Been going here on and off for years (more regularly in the past year) and continue to return! Been to various nail techs around town, in addition to resorts like Montelucia, and Ivy at VK still does a better job. The gels last 2-3 weeks, as do just regular polish on your toes, and her work is flawless! Not to mention the massage chairs...they are amazing. Saw the negative reviews that were below and have never experienced anything like that here. They can get busy though so it's always better to make an appointment - with Ivy - when you can.
5	I decided to give this place a try despite all the bad reviews, I was in the area and they were able to get me in without a wait.The place is nicely decorated and the girls were all very personable. I showed Christeen my tech a photo of a design I wanted on my gel manicure and she was able to replicate it perfectly :) while my hands were drying in the top coat stage she even came over and gave me an AMAZING shoulder massage!!  Customer service is always top for me and this place def won me over, glad I decided to not listen to everyone else this time around.
