4	Yaye!  Another hole-in-the-wall find!  808 Hawaii Mixed Plate opened about a month ago, and with the recommendation of friends, we went there for lunch.Their menu had all the typical hawaiian foods, and here's what we tried first:1.  Loco Moco (Mini Size) - The perfect lunch time size.  What made this item a winner was the attention to detail.  The fried eggs were perfectly over easy and had a nice crispy edges on the egg that you don't get a many places.  The gravy was full bodied (haha, feel like i'm talking about wine) and flavorful.  The hamburger patty was cooked well done but not too dry.  The mac salad was not just the usual run of the mill mac salad.  It had was a happy combo of potato and macaroni!  How bomb tasty is that?  2.  808 Special - So this is a mixed plate where you can choose two items (chicken katsu, sesame chicken, shoyu chicken, sauteed shrimp, hamburger steak, bbq pork, bbq beef, kalbi shortribs) with sides of salad and their yummy macaroni salad.  We chose sesame chicken, which was crispy and slighty sweet.  The sauteed shrimp flavor was reminiscent of the shrimp at Romi's on North shore (-minus the extra freshness and larger size of shrimp), so I guess you have a better than average shrimp on a smaller peeled-for-you-already shrimp.Conclusion:  Will definitely go back to try the other items.  The food is definitely made with love of a Hawaiian mama, and she even came by to chat with us a bit.
5	Since the heat has arrived in all its sweaty glory, I decided to have the Somen Salad here.  It was perfect for the weather.  The greens were a mixture of all kinds of good stuff (not iceberg!  *pump fist) plus thinly slice ham bits, eggs, japanese fish cake, green onions, toasted sesame and carrots.  The dressing was fantastic.  I think it had a mixture of some sort of rice vinegar, soy sauce and sesame oil.  It was filling, refreshing and satisfying and you can even go low carb and ask for them to skip the somen part of it.
3	Stopped by for lunch today. We all got the sesame chicken. It came with rice and macaroni salad. The chicken was just meh. I didn't like that they put potatoes in their macaroni salad. The girl at the register was nice. I think it took almost 20 minutes for us to get our food.I will probably come back to try some of the other items.
4	BF and I wanted a Hawaiian day and got poke at Poke Express and then grabbed a lunch plate to share. We got the 808 Special Mix Plate where you get to pick two meats, rice and mac for $9.50. We picked sesame chicken and shoyu chicken. It's not as fast as other mixed plate places. That I suppose is can be a good thing since it's freshly cooked. We had some poke to nosh on from Poke Express anyways while we waited. We bit into the sesame chicken and I thought it was supposed to have sauce so we asked if we can have some sauce. They said they were out of the sesame sauce...er, okay, thanks for letting us know when we got our order. I never had sesame chicken so I don't quite know now what it's really supposed to taste like. We asked for some katsu sauce then since it just needed something to dip the fried chicken in. Their katsu sauce is more tangy, almost ketchup-y compared to other places I've gone to. The shoyu chicken is 2  bone in thigh and it reminds me of Filipino adobo, but sweeter since it stews in the shoyu. The mac is interesting in that it has potato, and tuna in it...it's pretty good to me, but for some people who like plain mac might not be into it. Overall the place was an okay place to get plate lunch. I'm very curious how their lau lau and kalua pork stack up. Til next time- 3.5 stars.
5	One of my new favorite places to visit when I visit Vegas and want to get some local Hawaiian food. The service here is friendly. I ordered the mixed sesame chicken and shrimp mixed plate. Their servings are generous! I recommend asking for the chicken katsu sauce for their sesame chicken to dip in, tastes great. I plan to visit again on my next trip to Vegas.
5	808 is a "family-run" business with great Hawaiian-style food.  We love the place because of the food, the family, and the service.  One thing that most people need to understand is that the food does take time to prepare.  Everything is made when the order is placed.  It is NOT a "fast-food" type of place.  However, the quality is outstanding.  We go there at least twice a week and are "never" disappointed with what we order.  The somen salad is wonderful!!!  The beef stew is not your cookie cutter type of stew.  Those from Hawaii will just die when you taste their stew.  They have started to have specials several times a week.  Oh, their fried chicken is sssoooo good.  The Korean Chicken is better than what we ate in Hawaii.  Oh, their pork is so good.  NO JOKE!!!!  They had meat loaf the other day and it was GREAT!!!  The owners even asked us what we thought would be good to have as a special.  What???!!!  Make the fried chicken, Korean chicken, and meat loaf daily specials.The owners treat everyone as "Ohana" or family.  If you want great food, wonderful service, and Hawaii-type food in Las Vegas, GO NOW to 808 Hawaiian Mixed Plate.  Oh, Firday is so busy because they a have a Hawaiian plate with all the great local type grindz!!  If you are in a hurry, they always tell us to call ahead so the food the ready.P.S  The Mom makes the "best" mac salad in the world.  I always get several orders to go!  I am NOT kidding about the mac salad.  The local moco is always ono (great tasting).
5	[updated review based solely on their beef stew]I just came back from Oahu and got a chance to try Helena's Hawaiian Food's oh-so-bomb beef stew.  The weather has cooled down significantly in Vegas so, I just had to have my beef stew fix somewhere.  The beef stew was just as good as Helena's!!!  Two thumbs up!p.s.  I was waiting for weeks, but they recently opened back up after the Ella Em's fiasco next door!  Hooray!
4	Service was as excellent as it could get. Ahi Katsu special was as good as it sounds. My daughter had the kalbi ribs that they cooked to her preference and even cut into little pieces which saved me about 20 mins. The  Mac salad has potatoes in it, nice touch. The fries were salty but delicious. Definitely headed back to try the garlic shrimp.
4	Absolutely Delicious. I had the mixed plate with Sesame Chicken and Chicken Katsu. Had enough sauce on the Sesame but wasnt over powering. The Katsu came with big pieces with a nice mayo type sauce i never had before. Reasonably priced and i left full. I didnt have the Spam Musubi but it looked fresh. Spam isnt my forte though. The waitress comes around to check on you. And you feel like family when your in there. I will go back there again.
5	Yet another great Hawaiian style plate lunch place that reminds me of home! Awesome food and great portions and prices as well. Phone orders available and choke parking as well. Wish it were a little closer to me but i cant be to picky haha. Places like this make me less homesick when in search of good comfort food from back home. The last time i went i ordered the Loco Moco, and wow the burgers were so thick and tender with the mac salad too! Definitely a winner!
5	I've been coming here twice a week for lunch the past few weeks. The food is awesome and affordable. It's way better than going to a fast food chain. I rotate between these:Loco Moco mini $5.50Hula Pack w/BBQ chicken $4.50Shoyu Chicken mini $4.95All the employees are nice. I call in my order so I don't have to wait. I don't even need to tell them my name anymore!
5	Best hawaiian food in town!!! Closest thing to home, I love this place!!! Everything is Da Kine!!! You will love this place, Pure Hawaiian Style!!! If you love Island food this is the best place to go to. Just check out the other reviews. Yummy, Yummy, and Yummy!!!! :) :)
4	Fried Noodles topped with Garlic Chicken - Yummers!!!!!Just wish they had chicken breast - (way more healthier than chicken thigh)My nephew got the Loco Moco and even though I never order that dish , it looked yummy as well.We also tried a piece of their Mango Cream Cake = it was light and creamyCream Puffs - I like that this wasn't overly sweet eitherBoth desserts had the right amount of sweet but sadly they aren't always offered......Gosh, Darn -  this place is not at all near where I live and I am just about never in this area but if I am, I know where I'm eating....
4	Aloha North Vegas Yelpers!This is the closest place to me that offers local food.I had a late lunch here last week with my guy. We both come from Hawaii and love local food.I had the kaukau pack which is their version of a bento. I choose garlic ahi and sesame chicken. It comes with white rice and fried noodles. Great taste and reasonable price costing $8My guy loves the korean chicken plate and Portuguese sausage here.To me their version of Korean chicken is OKAY... I would suggest something else... like their garlic ahi!Why -1 star?super long wait... really long wait... did I mention there's a wait? and the menu is limited but I'm ok with quality, not quantity. I guess I wish there was more HAWAIIAN food on the menu, I say this is more of local food from Hawaii. I guess I had my share of other Hawaiian spots in the city, so I've been to places that has more variety.This place reminds me of a place you would find in Hawaii. Very friendly staff! I love Hawaii people! One lady there reminds me of my grandma back home. Gotta love the aloha spirit!Will I come back?YES!I'll probably call in my order a head of time to cut out the wait, now that I have their menu.+ military drinks free! Indoor seating. Super Casual. Lots of free parking.Mahalo 808 MP!-Miss Yelp 2011
4	Yummy, cheap, a thousand times better than Panda Express or any other main-stream place (such as L&L). This is a very non-assuming joint in a big shopping center off of Craig in North Las Vegas, but if you find it, you have found a gem!I went here on a lunch date with a friend of mine and we arrived just around 11:40 AM on a Friday. There were open booths/tables and a small line. We both took our time checking out the menu and decided to get one of their daily specials, the "808" special. You get two choices of entrees (however it is limited to certain ones), and your choice of slaw, rice, or a mixed green salad. My friend and I like to share so we thought this would be the best way for us to try a bunch of different things, so here's what we got:Chicken KatsuShoyu ChickenGrilled SalmonGarlic AhiSpam Musubi (2)My favorites were definitely the grilled salmon and the garlic ahi. The chicken was so-so. So I would absolutely reccomened the fish dishes over anything else here. The salmon seriously had this amazing flavoring in it that made it so yummy. My friend doesn't even like salmon and she said she liked this one. The musubi was good too and it had just come out fresh when we ordered ours.I love that you can get a green salad here as a side. This one they had was great too - leafy greens, very fresh and with a nice side of dressing as well. If you live in the NLV area you should definitely make it a habit to come here. I know I'm going to be coming back.
5	Wow!  It's been a while since we've been back!  Sorry 808!  Brenton the Chef always has some awesome daily specials going on and their usual daily specials always hit the spot.Today happened to be the daily special for ahi tofu patties.  It came highly recommended by all of the staff and they were not kidding!  The mixture of ahi tuna and tofu was the perfect ratio.  The breading was perfectly crispy on the outside and the mayo dressing drizzled on top was a fantastic compliment.  Both me and my man wolfed it down like there was no tomorrow!Other good ol' standby's:1.  Loco Moco - for gravy and ooey gooey egg lovers2.  Hamburger Steak - for the savory gravy lover3.  Beef Stew - for those cold winter days4.  Saimin Salad Tip:  Looks like the word is spreading that they are tasty, so beware of long lines.  Plan accordingly and like other yelpers mentioned, it might not be so bad to call in and order ahead.Conclusion:  It's a family run restaurant where they treat you like family and they feed you with comforting Hawaiian favorites.
5	Beautiful people, tasty food. You can't usually find quality Hawaiian food on the mainland. Real kalua pork, nice n smoky n not greasy! Now I know why they call LV the 9th island! Go!
5	You can not believe the eating delights that this "family" owned and operated eatery provides Tuesday through Sunday.  For those from Hawaii, you will not miss Hawaii food anymore because 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate serves "ONO" dishes better than the islands.  Their daily specials are just to "die for."  Their regular menu items have the taste of Hawaii all through it.  Home-style kind of "grindz."  What I really enjoy is the freshly made to order (not pre-made, frozen stuff from the box).  I love their beef stew, kalbi short ribs, bbq (teri-style) chicken, and their "best-in-the-world" macaroni/potato salad and spam musubi.  Their noddle dishes are always a winner!  This great food comes at a price (not money), you may wait a little longer than for a MacDonald hamburger, but you lips will be doing a HAPPY dance once they taste the food.  NO KIDDING!!!  Oh, try their french fries with brown gravy.  Yes, brown gravy.  THE BEST brown gravy on this planet!!!  Oh, I forgot their loco-moco (rice, hamburger patty, brown gravy, and topped with a fried egg!While watching them prepare your meal, you know they love what they are doing and they love to see the smiles on their customers faces as they take a bite of their "local" food.  It may not be the biggest place in Las Vegas, but the "bigness" is in their heart and soul as they ensure that we get the best "local-style" grindz in Las Vegas.If you are from Hawaii and now living in the 9th island and have never been to 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate,  Bro, you're missing out.  Get in your car and go now!!!!I love it when we are leaving the place, the workers thank us and wish us a great day!  What they don't realize, is that we had just topped off a great day by eating their wonderful food.  DON'T MISS OUT!  Let's get out and support our family owned eateries!!!!
5	Just a gem out in north vegas.  Very family friendly as the staff all seems to be related.  My first time had khalbi ribs (phenomenal) and sesame chicken.  The chef asked if I wanted a sample of korean chicken, I said yes, and was treated to the most succulent zingy delight ever.  I get it every time now.  You can get it as wings or he will do it with thigh meat.The daily specials are always great, and prices per portion are legit.  I can't recommend it highly enough, especially in an area with very few unique spots like this.  Just go!
5	Good local grindz, and close to the house too. Staff is super friendly, and very attentive to drinks and (with kids) messes.  _Prices are reasonable.  Can't beat that.Wife had garlic chicken, she loved it. Kids always get spam musubi (when they order it, they pronounce it 'MOO-su-bi') and Saimin.  This was the first time I tried the Zippy's special, chili rice with hot dog. This chili is dang good, highly recommended. Rumor has it malasadas are coming, so we're patiently waiting. A shave ice machine wouldn't hurt too ;)
5	The food here is super tasty, portions are generous, and the staff is very courteous! I've never been to Hawaii, and haven't really wanted to go, but eating here makes me want to go just for the food!
4	Been here twice now and have not been let down.  My friends and I made sure to order different things and share to get the most for our money.  I like the daily specials the most, I had the garlic chicken w/miso mayonnaise and the seared furikaki ahi and both were as we say back in Hawaii "broke da mouth".  The location is inconvenient but worth the drive.  YUMMY!!!!
5	I ALWAYS got to come here whenever in town. Love their freindly service and the loco moco. I've tried their other dishes but can't seem to get away from deciding on loco moco :P Fair price for the serving you get of food you don't find everywhere. Highly reccomend!
4	I was craving lau lau and turned to yelp, which lead me to 808. They serve it on Friday's only . I've been here before awhile back so I knew the food would be good .       I chose the lau lau plate you have a choice of kalua pig , beef stew or tripe stew . I chose the tripe stew. It also comes with a little container of lomi salmon and rice of course.     The lau lau had a big piece of pork and fat and a nice piece of butter fish.  Lau lau was avg size , pretty solid as far as lau lau goes.      The tripe stew was delicious it had celery , potato , carrots and tripe of course.                  The stew was a tad bit thin for me and needed more tripe, but the flavor was spot on , the moment I put the first spoonful in my mouth , my taste buds said WOW!   Only if my wife ate tripe , I would be making it right now.      Oh yeah for an appetizer? I had to get a spam musubi , they were piled right next to the cash register(smart move 808) and I could not resist.    It was a solid spam musubi with teri sauce and still warm :)     When the craving hits me for lau lau, I will make the long drive to 808:)
5	Sesame chicken plate you can go no wrong. Sticky rice on point, pan fried sesame chicken and probably the best mac salad in the ninth island...Just too bad that this place is at the outer reaches of sin city civilization...
5	Surprising find in North Las Vegas! Legit Hawaiian food cooked by islanders...I was quite impressed with the Korean chicken wings...although not as juicy as the ones from Island Flavor...the extra crunchy skin on the exterior helped me overlook that quickly.  Definitely in the running as one of the most flavorful Korean chicken dishes in Vegas.  They have the normal local plate items on the menu, but they also have daily specials that are outside the norm! I have yet to try other items, but I am sure to become a regular here especially since Poke Express and Ella Em's Soul Food are in the same complex.
5	You guys, I have found it. I've found the holy grail of satisfying lunches!Before I get into why 808 is going to be the death of my latest pair of jeans, I will say the service is slow. This is a really family operation and they make everything to order. So when you finally make it over here, be patient and keep in mind that your food isn't being slopped around by some apathetic teenager making minimum wage. These people love to make food probably more than you love to eat it and it shows.I haven't had a bad bite here yet (and I doubt I ever will), but the korean chicken wings have been my favorite so far. Crispy, savory goodness with this sauce that just.doesn't.stop! You can order the sauce mild or spicy but because I don't like to go back to work with deeply resonating heartburn, I always get mild. The fringe benefit of the sauce is it coats the rice underneath the chicken which kind of makes the rice like...second lunch!I could write a novel on their macaroni salad, but since you are seconds from wandering away from this post, possibly in the direction of 808, I will say this: this is the macaroni salad to end all macaroni salads. Why? Because this mac salad has potato in it! Sure, other places might do it like this, but no one has the balanced tastiness that 808 has on theirs.They have all kinds of home down Hawaiian specialties that will fill up your stomach and make your heart happy. Portions aren't for wimps, but all of the food is served in the styrofoam to go containers which make for easy transport if you can't shovel through your food like the rest of us. I won't be offended if you got up from your computer midway through this review to go to 808. If you did, my work is done!
5	GOOD FOOD.I think 4 people work there including the owners. All of them are very nice and friendly. They remember your name and what you eat. The chef even pokes his head out of the kitchen-to-dining room window to say hi.These are a few of my favorite things: Garlic shrimp, garlic chicken, bbq chicken, salmon, daily and weekly specials.They give military discounts. A plus.The only other Hawaiian restaurants I've been to in LV are L&L and Aloha Kitchen and let me tell you that 808 destroys those two. In fact, I never plan on going back to those other two places again because if I did, I'd be too busy wishing I was at 808 that I wouldn't be able to enjoy their sub-par food.
4	We stumbled upon this place because we were on our way to poke express. We figure this would be the perfect combination since we were missing Hawaii. The restaurant itself could be nicer, but it looks like any other l&l. The prices were decent. $10 for a mixplate....not too bad considering they give u big portions. My husband had the combination kalua pig and cabbage & beef stew. He didnt care for the kalua pig and cabbage, because a lot of it was just cabbage. I had their version of a zip PAC from zippys in Hawaii. I actually liked it. It was really close for me. I almost felt like i was eating a zip PAC. decent prices, the food was good (in my opinion), and the portions were pretty big.
5	In a nice shopping center we have a salmon special in the garlic ahi tuna.  They were both great!  About 25 dollars with a couple of sodas.
1	Show these people that service matters and go somewhere else.Friendly!?!?! Who thinks they are friendly?  The little girl behind the counter is constantly frowning and leaves the counter unattended for way too long.  I love hawaiian food, but I will never go back to this place due to the service.  Other places are just as good.  The last time I went in, I had a question about the specials, the little person just mumbled something and looked at me like I had 12 eyes and I couldn't have asked a dumber question.  When we tried to order, it tunred out they were out of whatever it was.  So the troll just pointed to a small white board that was half smeared off and hidden behind a plant that said they were out of whatever it was.Every time I have gone here I've had to refrain from complaining, telling myself maybe she was just having a bad day.  I'll never go back.
5	New found love with their furikake ahi...just lightly seared on the outside...very fresh wtih a nice creamy mayo furikake blend drizzled on top!  By far my favorite seared/fried ahi dish.  Much better than island flavors which often gets overcooked.  Also very decently priced around ~$10 for a good portion of ahi...versus island flavor which has raised the prices for ahi poke significantly.
2	During a whirlwind trip to Vegas recently, my friend, a Vegas local, took me to this spot.  It's very synonymous with L&L in California, both in name and theme.The fast food restaurant was very ordinary and what you'd expect.  Simple bench seats, a front counter and a kitchen area.  No frills at all.The employee working here lacked any sort of personality, to the point of appearing offended that we were in her business ordering. Later on, she warmed up, but it was an odd feeling like she hadn't really ever dealt with more than 1 person at a  time, ever.**FOOD!**The food was tasty.  Chicken and beef plates, but unlike Cali, none include the Kalbi Ribs, as everywhere else does.  I asked if they had these, they said yes, but it was a large amount of $$ more, and an extra 15 minute wait, so I declined.  Overall, if I'm visiting Vegas, I'll probably stick to the tastiness on The Strip and eat this type of food in Cali.
5	The best local food I have had in Vegas so far.  The quality of the food and the preparation is outstanding.  I have been there 3 times in the past month and everything I have tried was unbelievably tasty.  It is a good thing that this restaurant is way up north or else I would be there way too often and eating my weight in garlic chicken.The first dish I had was the garlic chicken.  This dish is a must try.  Juicy and flavorful breaded chicken with miso mayo right on top.  So delish.  The chicken is similar to Mochiko chicken with the sweet teriyaki flavor in the breading.The Shoyu chicken was good as well.  Extremely large portion with 4 chicken thighs soaking in the sweet sauce.  Reminded me of Rainbow Drive In on Oahu.  I most recently ordered the Mahi Mahi plate lunch from their specials menu.  It is usually sold out so I had to order it when I saw it.  The fish is lightly breaded and you get the choice of garlic sauce or furikake crusted.  The furikake style was delicious and I really want to try the garlic sauce.  I think the garlic sauce is the more popular option.I tried some of the beef teriyaki and that was prepared well too.  Thin strips of beef marinated with teriyaki sauce and barbecued to perfection.  Everyone that works here is so nice.  It is run by a family and the daughter always mans the counter while her older brother cooks in the back with their mom and dad.  I believe that there are aunties and other relatives that cook as well.  Very cute!I realized 3 visits in that they offer military discount!  10% off would have saved me some money.  At least now I know.  I guess my biceps weren't big enough for her to ask if I was military.  Gotta hit the gym.PS. I like to hit up Poke Express in the same plaza to eat some delicious ahi or salmon poke with my meal.  Makes it official... best meal ever.
5	I was reluctant to try Hawaiian food after my awful experiences at L&L BBQ. At L&L, the meat is cheap and the dishes are so salty  -- GARBAGIO!However, after reading reviews on 808 -we decided to give it a try. WOW-- this place is great! My family and I tried the following three dishes:1. BBQ chicken plate (GOOD!)2. BBQ beef plate, (GREAT!) and 3. Korean spicy wings ( UNREAL!). All three plates came with white rice and a macaroni/potato salad combo. Both the chicken and beef plates were not fatty, and cooked just right. I have never seen my wife completely finish her plate before.......IMPRESSIVE!My dish was the Korean wings which were crazy good. They wings were so meaty, and cooked to perfection. I chose the spicy version which were sweet with a little kick of chile. TIP--- Get an extra side of Korean sauce to dip your wings in......**** This is a family-owned business and everyone is so nice. They made sure to check on us throughout our lunch, and were so pleasant to talk to. I can't say enough good things about this place-- I love it here. Our lunch came out to $24.00 for three lunches and 1 fountain drink. Please go to this restaurant, and support this hidden gem.
5	How can I not rate this as a five star choice? Staff- Amazing and family owned  CHECK!Food- Delish beyond belief   CHECK!Setting - Clean and uncluttered  CHECK!I ordered the bbq beef mini plate. This beef was so awesome that I stuffed myself more than I wanted to for lunch. I didn't eat the rest of the day. I wanted to run around the restaurant wearing the bbq beef on my face like that Buffalo Bill guy from Silence of the Lambs who was making the flesh suit. "Put the lotion in the basket!!!". Yeah, him. It was THAT good.
4	On a wednesday afternoon, lunch break, I had the garlic chicken miso mayo large for 7.78 (10% military discount)- VA friendly! if you work there, you get the 10% off.- Safe for a lunch break. It takes 15min just to get there. EAT fast.- Cute little hawaiian kid opens the door for me and welcomes me in. nice service!- Timing is everything. ready quick! about 7min. - 2 rice scoops, 1 mac salad scoop, and the chicken.- miso mayo is great! love the flavor. good after taste. KISSS! garlic :)- HAWAIIAN appettite fail. small portion. no doggie bag? I actually finished ALL my food.- Overall, great taste and friendly service. The chef actually patted my back and asked if I liked the food..lol. - Would be 5 if more chicken. cmon...
3	Really good food. Owners friendly. -2 stars because they NEVER ever have spam musabi. Usually they say "oh they run out fast" one time I came in even earlier like 12pm they'd already run out. How do you have a Hawaiian place open and run out of that? Make more duh. It doesn't even take a lot of time. I'm sure this isn't an issue for most people because spam musabi is like a Hawaiian local thing (even gas stations sell it in Hawaii) but honestly it's like an American goes to McDonald's and theyre told they've run out of French fries for the day. WTF!!!!!!!!!!!! Sorry I really love my musabis. It's the ultimate sidekick to their really good plate lunches. Too bad they never have it ......
4	Yet another establishment I might not have tried if I hadn't found their awesome rating on Yelp...even though I frequented Teriyaki Madness a few suites over plenty for a while.808 Hawaii Mixed Plate has some of the greatest Hawaiian BBQ dishes I've had. If the wait time wasn't so long, I would have easily given them a 5 stars. However, every time I've gone, it's been about a 45 minute wait from getting in line to order to getting the food. Usually I'd be a little ticked off by this, but once I take a bite of the food that's a little bit of heaven, it's nearly erased from my mind.The garlic chicken...I can't even begin to describe it. It's so delicious; seasoned well and accompanied by such a unique and tasty sauce. The short ribs are pretty good as well. Also, the macaroni salad is different than most Hawaiian BBQ places I've had. In my opinion, it's better. Not bland or too creamy. I totally recommend trying this place out. If you can, call first! Sadly, I haven't been able to find their menu online anywhere. Doesn't mean you can't ask them. The girl working behind the counter has always been super nice.
5	We have many favorite places to eat in Hawaii (Da Kitchen, Mark's Place, Minnie's Aloha Style, etc.).  Thank goodness Las Vegas is the "9th Island" because 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate is ONO.  I was fortunate enough to try the pan roasted pork, which is not a regular menu item.  Very soft and packed with flavor.  The portions are generous and I've never had a better mac salad... maybe it's the shredded carrot?  808 is family owned and run business.  Had a chance to chat with them a bit and found they are from Oahu.  Very friendly and the person cooking comes out occasionally to talk to customers.  808 is now a regular stop for us in LV.
1	Really, really, really bad... that was three. Horrible service. Very rude and there were ants everywhere!!
4	Out running around today and my husband and I decided we wanted a plate lunch.  We always seem to be on Craig road, so sure enough when we spoke of our craving, we both said out loud, 808 mixed plate!  And we headed there right away.Todays special was the Mahi mahi plate.  It was very good with a sesame drizzle and green onions. Two scoops of rice, and mac salad.  I enjoyed the meal, and the staff were friendly, you can tell they make their food with the aloha spirit.
5	Whoa!  Three words. Miso. Garlic. Chicken.I have only been here twice because unfortunately it's way on the other side of town for me as I reside in the Southwest area of Vegas.  But after the first time I tried their Miso Garlic Chicken, I drove my a** back there to get it again.  Yes!  It's that good.  I've also tried their Ahi Tuna, Musubi, and their Siamin soup; all are really good too.This place is a definite must try if you're in the neighborhood.  It's not your normal L&L BBQ joint that sells Hawaiian food; the quality here stands way taller!  Customer service goes beyond limits as well!  Super nice!  I'll be back for sure; and yes, the drive is worth it!
4	DAMN - I did thoroughly enjoy my food here!  I am not sure why but I Love Hawaiian BBQ, even though I have to use spell check just to spell "Hawaiian."  I had the garlic chicken.  A healthy portion of fried boneless chicken thighs topped with a mayonnaise based sauce. (I had to spell check mayonnaise too --- 2 "n's")  It was crispy, juicy, and tasty!  The dash of sesame seeds was a nice touch.  I tasted a hint of sesame oil, too.   Then of course 2 scoops of rice and mac salad.  It was all good!I like this place.  It is family owned.  Prices are about average.
4	This place was pretty good for hawaiian BBQ. The people who work there/own the restaurant are very friendly.
4	Stopped by after some last minute Halloween shopping at a nearby party store. From what I can see from their menu, this is not your typical hawaiian BBQ place with all the same typical plates and combos. This one had a bunch of stuff I've never heard of and it took me a while to figure out what I was going to order.I didn't wanna ask questions because they'd probably look at me weird for not knowing what a certain item was (people think I'm islander all the time). So I played it cool and ordered something called a pack? But they ran out of packs for the day so they subbed the noodles for rice and macaroni salad instead.Let me tell you, the 3 mile drive home from that place felt like the longest drive of my life! After taking a peek and a whiff of my box at the first stop sign, I couldn't wait to get home and tear this thing up. And it was good. I had BBQ beef and chicken katsu and both were delicious. Their food has that home cooked touch to it that you don't get at the other Hawaiian BBQ places. I'm really glad I went with them when I decided to cheat on my diet. Can't wait to try the other dishes that my fellow yelpers recommend on my next cheat day...which will probably be tomorrow.
1	The Boyfriend and I were looking for a quick and fun lunch date in North Vegas and I came across 808 on Yelp. I was very disappointed in this place for so many reasons, the first being the short but rediculously SLOW line at the register. Upon reaching the register, the midget-girl working the register had a rude attitude and was wearing oversized mens shoes, as she told me the short ribs I wanted to order would take 20-30 minutes because as she put it "there are a lot of food orders ahead of you", which translated into a big fat F U. Uhm, OK.....if I wanted to wait half an hour to eat I would've stayed home and cooked! Lame. So I ordered the Kahlua pork and my BF ordered the garlic chicken. Someone's nice grandma in house slippers delivered my lunch to the table. Just my plate. Call me crazy, but when two people sit down to eat, it's nice to have your meals brought out together, not 15 minutes apart. It really detracted from the whole date part of our lunch. Having all that time to sit there and look around the place, it was pretty disorganized and dirty. I felt bad for dragging the BF to this crap hole for lunch when we dont get that much time together as it is. I didn't care for the pork, so I didn't eat it, the Mac salad was good, and BF liked his chicken. Yeah, won't be going back. Yuck.
1	No thanks.
5	Can't go wrong. Good flavor. Good portion. Good pricing.Just sucks that its soooo far.
5	We love this place!! Good food and good service...the wait is a little long but that's because they make it as u order...fresh:) portion size is good..true Hawaii style home cooking.
5	Uncle willys chicken is mind blasting!  Just make sure they have it before you go.
5	Garlic Ahi!!Yes, their Garlic Ahi is the main reason I come here.  So good that I sometimes get two orders for myself.  The mini's portions are a bit small, so get the regular order if you decide on their Garlic Ahi.  I've also tried their Spam Masubi, Katsu, and Loco Moco. You can't go wrong with their Katsu and Loco Moco.  Portions are huge.  Cheeseburger in PH probably has a bigger Loco Moco, but 808 is pretty close.  Must be at least a pound of ground beef in their Loco Moco's.  Service here is always great.  I noticed that everyone is greeted on the way in, on the way out, and even sometimes while you're eating.  Prices are just about the same with everyone else, but remember you get the larger portions here.  One thing I noticed is that food takes a little longer to cook here.  Add a couple of people in front of you and your order can feel like an eternity to come out.  Food is still worth the additional 10 minutes here and I definitely recommend.  If you're in the mood for Hawaiian, you can't go wrong here.  Only Issues:-No brown rice.-Not open on Monday:  Not their fault, but I tend to crave for Hawaiian on Monday's.  Now I know and knowing is half the battle.
5	This is my new Hawaiian spot!all the reviews mentioned the garlic chicken and man it was delicious! i added noodles and wow it had bacon in it! amazing noodles, bbq chicken is great. the bbq beef should be sliced.i will be back for sure!also regarding customer service i told them this was my first time and asked many questions. they answered them all without any attitude.
5	Great food and service. One of the girls even gave my son a quarter for the little toy machine. I love their spam musubi! My son loves the food, my husband loves the food and we have been here twice now:)
4	You want ono grinds, come get some @ 808 Mixed Plate!Store Front - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/808-hawaii-mixed-plate-north-las-vegas?select=ci2E-6mPrUh3k0WQOpkUmA#ci2E-6mPrUh3k0WQOpkUmADisclaimer: All my cousin SE & I ordered was da' Mixed Plate Combo, winnahs!(BTW - We had just picked up about $40 worth of poke from Poke Express, just a few doors down.)Poke Express (N Las Vegas) - http://www.yelp.com/biz/poke-express-north-las-vegasIn between the ono'licious garlic chicken, kalbi short ribs, mac salad & hot rice... 'AND poke!!We ate like Kamehameha! Buggah was good.Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/808-hawaii-mixed-plate-north-las-vegas?select=ci2E-6mPrUh3k0WQOpkUmA#3OxIl0-t0Q0pyTyjjg4Jbg(I stay drooling ova' my keyboard reminiscing about that lunch... *sigh)Like most local Hawaiian kine places, very low-key, no frills, simple... 'With ono kaukau. ("good food")Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/808-hawaii-mixed-plate-north-las-vegas?select=ci2E-6mPrUh3k0WQOpkUmA#hOqvox8j6KcMXhY5DSjbPQ Wasn't too crowded. I was surprised that they did not offer KERNS PoG - Passion Orange Guava, a local staple. (shrugs) Whateva', no worries! Great plaza - Plate lunch & poke?!... 'No can lose bruddah!!- Big Aloha!Food: 5Ambiance: 3Service: 3Value: 5
5	This place is sooooooooo goooooood. The only complaint I have about this place is that they close too early. Otherwise, the food is spectacular, the prices are good for such a large amount of food, and the customer service is excellent. Will miss this place greatly when I move out of the North.
4	Nice service here! Food is delish & staff are friendly. Very laid back with island music playing. Orders are placed at the counter and you serve your own drinks. Food is then brought to your table. I tried the BBQ beef, BBQ chicken, noodles & kalua pork.... yummy!
5	Best hawaiian food in town.
4	This place is just like all the other Hawaiian spots in town.  The only thing that sets them apart is Uncle Willie's chicken special, and they hardly ever make it.  I understand it's a special, but I think they would get way more business if they made it a weekly thing.  I even heard many people asking for it last time I was there and were also disappointed it wasn't being served.  MAKE UNCLE WILLIE'S CHICKEN A REGULAR THING!Edit: So after adding my 2 cents in on yelp, the people at 808 mixed plate actually listened!  they emailed me letting me know when their special uncle willy's chicken was going to be made.  We took the drive from Henderson (which was a lot better knowing they actually would have it) and had a delicious dinner.  It was so yummy, and I even heard more people order it while we were there (for a second, I thought I was the only one)  so thanks to the power of yelp, and the people at 808 hawaii mixed plate that take their reviews seriously!  I really appreciate it!  I can't wait to go
1	Wow...
5	Got to wonder where the crowd is? This place is is great, it should be packed all the time.  The shrimp was as close as you could get to stepping up to the truck on the north shore of Oahu. The wasabi dipping sauce for the fish was killer. The place is clean, the people are super nice and it's fast. All the food we got was delicious.
3	I ordered take out for lunch.  There was a party of 3 already sitting at a table waiting for their lunch.  I ordered a Chicken Katsu plate and a Kalbi plate and paid at the counter and waited almost 20 minutes for my food. They offer a military discount since they are fairly close to Nellis Air Force Base in North Las Vegas.About a dozen Spam Musubi were sitting on the counter.  They were still warm.  I picked up 2 of them.  They were sweet and melt-in-your-mouth goodness.The Chicken Katsu looked like it had been refried.  It was pretty dark and dried out.  It was served wih a red ketchup-like sauce rather the sweet brown sauce that I am used to with Katsu.The Kalbi was cut up into small strips which was nice.  It wasn't charred because I asked for it to be grilled medium.  It was a little fatty and over seasoned.  For $12, it was a little pricey.Both entrees were served on a bed of rice with a scoop of rice and macaroni salad.I would give them another try.  I just wouldn't order either dish again.  There are so many Hawaiian restaurants to try.
5	great hawaiian spot in north las vegas. Had the hi-style beef and garlic chicken. Food came out within 10 minutes. Great service. Garlic Chicken was the highlight of my meal. It hit the spot.
5	It's hard to find a decent grilled tuna (ahi) without paying a fortune for a meal. I've been to a few Hawaiian style restaurants, this is my new favorite. I waited for my Garlic Ahi (tuna), they will give you an option if pan fried or grilled. I picked grilled. You also have an option if mini (1 scoop of rice) or regular (2 scoops). I waited for a good 12 minutes for my food. I ate my food non-stop and finished it in less than 10 minutes, it was so good. Ahi was seasoned just right, grilled just right, rice was not overbearing with garlic flavor. It was just perfect. I would have paid $26-30 for it in a nice strip restaurant. I paid around $9.50. Although there are other meals between $6.00-9.00, I was so glad I ordered this. This establishment has a bright future. Will definitely come back.
4	Friendly service great food, must try the spam musubi. Another note is they're closed Mondays
4	The staff is sweet and the food is great. I tried the chicken katsu and the sauce is sweet and the chicken is very crunchy. It's clean and reasonably priced. This was my first time having Hawaiian food and I will be coming back.
4	First time here thanks to Yelp, and I like it. The environment is nice and chill as well as the customer service. Food was delicious. Got the garlic chicken that everyone was raving about and it didn't disappoint. I would recommend it for a quick eat if you, like me, didn't feel like waiting at a loud packed restaurant.
1	Actually got served undercooked chicken, kind of raw. Never will go back.
5	my addiction miso garlic chicken and ahi tofu patty combo..im not a big rice eater at all but when it comes to this combo plate gotta have the furukaki rice..yummy.
5	This has got to be the best Hawaiian restaurant that I've been to.  The food is very tasty and it's close to home.  It's in the same shopping complex as Poke Express.  Hawaiian goodness in one area!We got there to place a to-go order.  I'm not sure why I didn't call to place my order but oh well.  The kalbi takes 20 minutes but it was soooo worth the wait.  It was juicy, tender, a bit fatty and the flavor was great.  The Spam musubi was alright - it had a bit too much rice though.  The garlic chicken was also good, lightly breaded but it wasn't as garlicky as I would have liked.  Good thing I also got the GARLIC AHI - it was sooooo good.  The fish was fresh and the flavor was AMAZING.  It was topped with toasted garlic.  Easily, the best item on their menu!  Their portions are generous.  I wanted to finish my food but it was just too much.  I'll keep coming back for more garlic ahi though.  Yes, it's THAT good!
5	Ok if anyone's seen my other reviews for places I don't give a 5 star lightly. I take into account price, quality, and quantity. We accidentally stumbled into this place because poke express was closed. It was fate intervening and wanting us to try this little piece of Hawaii in Vegas. I had the mixed plate with Kalbi and garlic chicken. My husband had the moco loco and katsu chicken...we also got a taste of the Uncle Willy's katsu and cream puff made of Okinawa potato and chantilly cream...my mouth is watering again just talking about it. The Kalbi wasn't the usual thin piece of meat...the meat was thick, juicy, and I had more meat than rice to eat with!  The uncle willys katsu was crispy and a little bit honey. My friends bought two servings to go it was so delish! I know this is going to sound insane...but their food is better than any Hawaiian food I had in Hawaii...ok minus the macademian pancake and garlic shrimp food truck. I'm so happy that I don't have to fly 12 hours to Hawaii to get good Hawaiian food! It's now only 6 hours away and here in Vegas :)
5	Great Kalbi Short Ribs here!These were super thick cuts...steak like! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/808-hawaii-mixed-plate-north-las-vegas?select=Om0WsPU8yTKLX35G-3nUxwCooked perfectly to order, with lots of flavor and juices! Very fatty though, but just eat around it to get all that goodness. These took a solid 20min to prepare and cook to a great medium rare, but it was worth the wait.  A little spendy at a solid $15, but it is more like a steak than your average kalbi order.I tried some of the Garlic Ahi, and it was amazing!  Very tender, sushi grade ahi, but with a gorgeous sauce covering it.  Packed with flavor...it was very very good...and I plan to order it next time I am here!Musubi had too much rice though.  It was like a double decker...with twice the rice needed for an enjoyable musubi.Gotta be one of the best Hawaiian spots in town :)I'll be back!
5	Upon scouring LV for the best kalbi ribs the city has to offer, I was disappointed until I went to 808 Mixed Plate.  My younger bro went to the restaurant a few days before and ordered the korean chicken wings and the garlic chicken w/noodles.  My bro loved the dishes and said he would be back there so I asked him if they had any Kalbi ribs there.  My bro mentioned they did and they looked different to any other Kalbi ribs he had so I was intrigued.So I looked through the reviews and notice a lot of them mentioning the time spent waiting for their orders.  Before I set out to find the place, I called ahead my order and proceeded to make the drive there.  When I arrived at the shopping plaza, I had a hard time locating the restaurant, lol.  I parked and went inside the place.  It was an hour before closing and I was the only customer there to my surprise.  The atmosphere of the restaurant had an aloha feel to it =)  I mentioned my name and sure enough my order was ready for pick up.  I went home right after and went to work =P Yup, the meal portions is huge and very justifiable to price of the meal.  Needles to say maybe ordering the mini place is the better decision for me.My only other criticism for 808 Mixed Plate is the temperature of the restaurant as it was pretty cold and I was concerned how long my meal was sitting on the counter.  But my fears were quickly erased as I took my first bite =)Overall, 808 Mixed Plate is a great family owned restaurant worthy of 5 stars =)You can say I'll be frequently here to satisfy my Hawaiian/local food cravings.
2	Extremely disappointing. My family and I drove all the way from the bay area because a friend of mine recommended we try this place. She raved about it. I was not impressed. Out of all the Hawaiian spots I've been to 808 seemed to have really small portions and I was still hungry after and it was pretty pricey. I will say this the Beef was tasty that's about it.. Will I come back? Probably not.Aloha 808.
3	Not bad.  Food is cooked to order and fresh.  The place is decorated a little weird, but they are very friendly.  I would eat there again.
2	I love Poke Express and they told me I should try 808 Hawaii Mixed plate.  I had gone there once a year ago and had a bad experience. I entered and asked if I could order just meat. (I had a party to go to and had plenty of time, I was willing to wait.) Anyways, the lady working literally started yelling at me that I need to order stuff like that ahead of time. (A simple, no would have done.) So I walked out and vowed never to return.  But, since I enjoy the atmosphere and food at Poke express I decided to give 808 another chance.Food: Very average plate lunch with below average portions.  I ordered the Kalbi and garlic chicken.  Personally I did not enjoy how they served the Kalib. It was sliced up for me. I like Kalbi in part because I like ripping the meat of the bones. Also, they asked how I wanted it cooked and I replied rare (I was impressed this was even an option.)  It came out very well done, so well done that it ruined a nice cut of meat. The flavor was ok, but nothing special.  The garlic chicken was average, nothing special at all.  The mac salad was above average. The rice was very disappointing, it was very dry; nothing like buck shot rice to ruin a plate lunch!Service:  The short girl at the counter has to go. She must have been having a bad day. She seemed very irritated when I asked the price of the Kalbi and acted upset she had to look up the days price.   I went with my cousin and her friend both who are white, I am hapa.  Anyways they ordered before me and they girl at the counter didn't know they were with me.  So when we say down, they brought both of them their plates.  I have never seen such small portions!!!  Serious a Mini plate and every other local food place I have been is bigger than what these girl got!  They ordered Kalua pig and teri beef. Literally looke like a half scoop of rice, a half scoop of mac salad and maybe a have cup of the meats they ordered.   When I got my plate 15 minutes later, I had 2 big scoops of rice and a huge scoop of mac salad. My meats were very small portions. I don't know why my plate was so much bigger than theirs. I hope it wasn't because I looked hapa and they don't.Overall: The food was below average, the portions were very skimpy, and the service was anything but the spirit of Aloha. They need to take lessons from the cousins at Poke express on service and portions.  If I want local food, first choice cook it myself. If I am too lazy, I would take any other place I have been over this place.
3	Husband had the garlic chicken.  I tried 808 Special with Kalua Pork & Cabbage and Korean Chicken Wings.  Both orders came with rice and a choice of macaroni or tossed greens.  We got one of each.  The garlic chicken was delicious!  The Korean Chicken Wings were delicious.  The macaroni was ok, nothing fancy.  The tossed greens is a small salad with chopped lettuce, carrots, tomatoes, and cucumbers.  The dressing was oily and barely had a flavor.  The Kalua Pork was very bland.  It didn't have much of a flavor, either.  The lady who served us was very friendly.  I would be willing to go ack and try other dishes.
4	If your in the mood for Hawaiian food and your on the North side of Las Vegas, this is the place! Garlic Chicken and Kalbi ribs are quite tasty!
4	Love love love his place!  The korean chicken, spam musubi, katsu chicken, bbq beef, fried samion, and garlic chicken are all really good. Haven't had the kalbi ribs yet bcause it takes alittle longer for them to cook and I'm usually getting it to go but I hear they are real good.  The people that work here are super nice too.  First hawaiian food resturant I've eaten at and I'm hooked!
4	Great Spam Musubi.
5	Good food and the people are very nice!
4	Garlic chicken=omg delicious!If you're tired of the typical chicken katsu, I suggest you try the garlic chicken! It's mouthwateringly amazing.Service is always great and the workers are quite friendly and nice. I have never had a bad experience here regardless of whether or not I ate in or got togo.
5	My wife and I are from Hawaii and we have been looking for a good Hawaiian food place for a long time- not the generic, (owned by people that are not from Hawaii) "L&L, or Ono's" - they don't understand what local food is supposed to look and taste like! We have been looking for local food that is currently being served in Hawaii, but here on the mainland- well, we hit the jackpot!!! This place is so good, we would probably eat here 3 times a week if we lived in Vegas!!! The chef is a gourmet chef from Hawaii and "gets it" - he's on top of what's happening now and makes it with a gourmet touch- We would eat here if it were IN Hawaii!!! - seriously fresh and tasty - not generic or over greasy, and they live up to their name "mix plate" - which is hard to find in some so called "Hawaiian food" places! You can mix just about any thing on the menu! - now that's real Hawaiian style!! - also, they make their own desserts!!! if they have it, you must get the "Haupia square" - its probably the best dessert we have ever had! And we are foodies!!! - If you crave good Hawaiian local food, you must try this place!!! - Aloha!!
5	I still dream of their Garlic Chicken...I'm going to sleep right now!
4	This has to be my favorite Hawaiian spot around town. Everything I've tried was very tasty, cooked to perfection. I'm actually quite impressed with their food. Good portion size (enough to share with someone else) but you'll pay about $10 for pretty much any combo you order. Try the Kalbi Ribs & Garlic Chicken combo!! You won't regret it. :)
5	Oh my god this place is so good. Really, save yourself some money and skip all the $60 Vegas buffets. Just a comment on Vegas food besides buffets-- or at least for this place-- so much food for so cheap!I agree with all the other reviews and want to recommend the garlic chicken. It's not really garlic-y. I can't really describe it, but it's more like a sweet and sour chicken with some tangy miso dressing. SUPER BOMB. Just get it. I've never had Hawaiian food in my life, but it definitely blends in with my familiar Asian food norm. The other entree I got was the chicken katsu. I was a bit hesitant at first because there were so many other exotic options. Personally, it was a great choice for me, since the others said that the loco moco was too salty, and since it wasn't traditional Japanese curry katsu, I still got to try something new. Sides-- pick rice and salad. The other combo is mac and potatoes. If you get that, everything would just be too heavy (in my opinion).
5	Omg so many items on their menu. I wished that I could order everything.   Breakfast is served all day  Okinawiian sweet potato coco puff in the fridge by the sodas. Mmmmm I wished I wasn't doing errands all day or else I would of gotten some. So many choices that I couldn't decide what to get the fried saimin with garlic chicken because a lot of the reviews said it was the best. Boy am I glad I did. It was sooooo good. Reminded me of home. The portion was huge and I hardly made a dent in it. The garlic chicken had some kind of garlic mayo over it. I think next time I may ask for it on the side. The chicken was very flavorable. The fried saimin was so ono. I will definitely be back and want to try the garlic ahi.
5	Most Hawaiian places have the usuals: loco moco, chicken katsu, spamasubi, etc. The nice surprise from this place was the garlic chicken.Sometimes it's hard to stray from what you know will be good. I was very tempted by the loco moco, because it's hard to be disappointed.They give a lot of chicken. At first, I thought they give you too much because the chicken part was super full, but then I looked under and it there was rice. Usually such a trick would sadden me, but this time I was actually happy. Mostly because I like rice with my meat and the ratio seemed off at first.The chicken was somewhat sweet. It was a good sweet, and nicely cooked.  It went really well with their spicy mayo sauce.
5	Best hawaiian/local food here in vegas! Drove from   south side just to try it out and it was worth the drive! I had the lau lau and kalua pig plate. Lomi lomi salmon was soooo good! Perfect for me. The garlic chicken with miso sauce was so bomb! Especially the garlic seared ahi, best fish I've had! I'm gonna finish this review off with saying the mac salad is hands down the best in vegas! It tastes just like my all time favorite (back at home in hawaii) from Zippy's. I will be coming here whenever I feel homesick. And I just moved here
5	A place that makes you feel like home. Aunty Pili & her son runs the place along with Aunty Norma. The wifey an I are there every Friday's & sometimes Saturday's for lunch & dinner. An you might see somebody you know........
4	It's your standard Hawaiian food with the exception of the garlic chicken.  It's the best thing here and the portions are huge. Also the kalbi is decent but just a little too fatty.
5	Best taste of Hawaii I've had in a long time. Looking for something that's somewhat authentic head here. It is bombDOTcom!
5	Awesome mixed plate joint, they have great selection and nice laid back atmosphere. We will miss all the good Hawaiian food in LV when we move.
1	Was not good at all. The beef that I got was full of fatty pieces that were uneatable. I was disappointed in the Mac salad as it had way too many potatoes in it, should of been called potato salad. I left hungry and had to pick up food on the way home.
4	Eat at L&L?  You should think about eating here at 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate instead.  Nothing against the Mickey D's of the plate lunch crowd, but at least 808 is owned by some legit Hawaii folks, not franchised.  Yes, the Chinese owners of your local L&L CAN change your Hawaiian food and make it taste different.Came here one night for dinner.  Lots of Hawaii locals, so you know it just may be a place to go for some ono eats.  Yelp, why did you just red underline the word ONO for me?  You would have figured by now your review section knows it means yummy!Was near closing, and there was still a nice little line.  Luckily, what I came for they still had.  Other reviewers rave about the garlic chicken, and they weren't wrong.  This buggah was good!  Ordered a regular plate of this and wasn't sorry.  Pan fried, marinated chicken thighs, topped with miso-mayo sauce...BOMB!  And when you say garlic, it means GARLIC.  Flavored all the way through with that stinking rose!  So if you don't like garlic, either stay away, or order an extra scoop of rice or macaroni salad to balance out the kick.  Good for me that I love garlic.  Very good dish.The wifey ended up with a $6 bento with fried saimin, Spam, teriyaki chicken, and a scoop of rice.  Tiny portion if you ask me, but it was enough for her.  The fried saimin had good flavor, and a hint of sweetness.  Put some cracked black pepper on top and you're ready to go.  She enjoyed it overall.Menu at 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate is very similar to other Hawaiian joints like L&L and Aloha Kitchen.  Basics like teriyaki beef, chicken katsu, kalbi, and sesame chicken all on the list.  Specials can change daily but are plentiful and often varied.  I've seen:-Pan roasted mahi mahi-Misoyaki butterfish (like you find at Roy's)-Oxtail soup (I must try)Prices are reasonable, and will probably set you back around the $20-$25 dollar range for two people depending on what you order.  You get just enough food to fill your tummy.  But I wish the portions were a bit larger.  If you look on their Facebook page you should be able to order from 808 online with little hassle.  Or just call their phone number and place it that way.  They also do catering for your next party or keiki's 1st luau!  Service was good, as one of the owners came around after our meal to ask us how everything was tasting.  It was after their closing time of 9:00 PM, but she told us no worries, and to take our time to 'talk story'.  Much mahalos for the love aunty, we will be back!
4	My soon-to-be-husband had a Hawaiian craving while we were visiting, so we decided to check this place out.The place wasn't crowded at all.  There were about three other parties dining in.  We placed our order and we were definitely not prepared to wait 30 minutes for our food.  I kept telling my fiance, "this ish better be shut my ass up with all these complaints I'm having."  Finally, our food arrived and I didn't say sh*t else.  :) Yes, it was THAT good.  [the garlic chicken and sauteed shrimp are AMAZING]
4	2 words, GARLIC CHICKEN! I found this awesome Hawaiian joint through Yelp and I'm sure glad I did because the garlic chicken is absolutely delicious. I don't live in the area, but I do work 10 minutes away so I've gone here once on my lunch break and another time after work. The chicken is amazing with breading almost identical to mochiko chicken. The garlic sauce is described as being "miso garlic" and isn't too overwhelming garlicy. They add chopped green onions to the top which give it a little bit of extra crunch and flavor. I may try the other items on the menu, but I have a feeling if I do I might say I should of gotten the garlic chicken because it's just that good. This place is legit because one of the times I came in most of the patrons eating looked like legit Hawaiians. They deserve 4.5 stars and I was thinking of raising it up to 5, but once the inside smelled like antibacterial which is very unappetizing (yuck!). I also introduced 808 Mixed Plate to my co-worker and she's been here more than me because she is in love with the garlic chicken too. This place might even be better than Island Flavor on the southwest side of town? As the Hawaiians say it, the chicken "broke da mouth.."
5	there's little places in las vegas that have such great local hawaiian food and this is one of them. by far one of a handful of local places to go and get some real ono food. from da loco moco to the garlic chicken, there's nothing you can go wrong with on the menu. if you're lucky you can catch one of their specials and have a dinner that would make gordan ramsey customers jealous. top notch stuff, def a place I recommend!
5	This place has more hype on yelp nowadays. When I first came here it was less "known" Somethings you just don't want to keep a secret. The food is still great and the menu is still cheep. They do seem to run out of certain things on the menu, they always have something good. What more could you ask for. The garlic chicken is crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The wasabi sauce for the fish is dynamite.
5	Best Hawaiian food in Vegas!!! Though it can be a wait to get your food, it is soooo worth it. I used to love L&L but this place really is better. If you are ever in the North Las Vegas area... take a detour and come here. I always do :).
4	808 is located up in North Las Vegas, at the corner of Craig and Revere. It's on the Southeast corner, in the same plaza as Big Lots and Poke Express. They claim to serve Hawaiian style food and it's the closest I've had here on the mainland, not counting my families cooking that is. When my mom and I walked in, the place was empty. Didn't bother me as we avoided a long wait for our food as my mom mentioned that during the rush hour, orders can take up to 30 minutes and longer. As we left, two big parties made their way in, so we were lucky in that regard. I opted for the Won Ton Saimin. My mom chose some fish plate. The noodles consistency was great and the broth was tasty. As for the won tons, the filling was a little on the stingy side and I felt the serving size was a little small for the price. However, overall, I liked it and I'll be back for more when I'm in the area and I'm hit with a craving. I didn't try my mom's dish so I won't comment on it other than to say she cleared her plate. Not much more need be said than that.
3	First try at this place. Was in the area for work. One of the higher reviewed places on this side of town and was nearby Poke Express ! I came here right about noon. Pretty busy. Most tables were filled (some were leaving already, and a decent long line waiting to order). As with most yelpers, I referred to Yelp to see what people suggested to get, while waiting in line. Along with being suggested to get the mix plate (not just by their name... as well as some reviews), the  first highlight i saw was garlic chicken. SCORE ! i love garlic haha =X i didnt feel like getting any other meat so i got chicken katsu. curious to see how well they did that as well. opted for mac salad and rice as well. took maybe 10-15 minutes for my order. had quite the few people ahead of me and mine needed to be fried too (katsu). I had gotten it to go because i had another appt soon. To my surprise, the garlic chicken was fried as well. Pretty much chicken katsu, with a sauce drizzled on top. That took bottom 1/4 of the box. the otehr bottom 1/4 was the chicken katsu. top was the rice and mac salad. Anotehr thing to my surprise, is instead of stacking a lot of meat, they put rice as a bed under the meat. Not sure if its to catch the sauce of whatever meat or to lift up the meat to make it look more full. xD Considering the choice of meats i got, i didnt need the extra rice like i would for like teriyaki chicken or something. For me, i didnt like the idea of the rice under the meat. I like how it is at Ohana, where its purely stacked of meat (katsu) XD more bang for buck? The chicken katsu wasnt bad. nice and crispy. a little dry. The katsu sauce cup they gave was unbelievably small. which is another surprising fact. The garlic chicken was the same as the chicken katsu, but with sauce on top, as i had mentioned before. This order must have sounded weird to the person who took my order (lol oops). I was expecting something like the garlic chicken from Chun Wan Kam in Honolulu where its something similar like orange chicken (by looks) but with a garlic sauce. The sauce had a very subtle garlic flavor if any. Being a garlic lover, i was quite disappointed =/ Overall, not bad. Will try other things next time though. heard something like a furikake chicken/salmon ordered by someone else.. that sounded yummy XD
4	Most of their chicken plates are worth trying. Garlic chicken is my favorite.  Decent prices. Friendly staff. Must try in north Vegas.
4	Heard about this place from fellow Yelpers and finally made it out to give it a try! Took me a while to decide on what to get, but eventually decided on garlic chicken. There were a few people in line ahead of me since it was lunch hour, however, it was kind of odd that my food came out before theirs and about 5 min after I ordered...The garlic chicken was good and had a perfect amount of garlic flavor. It came with 2 scoops of rice and 1 small scoop of mac salad...just wish they gave more because it was so tasty! It was also nice to get a real plate vs a Styrofoam box! 808 is fairly reasonable for the amount of food you get, but definitely not as low priced or generous as other Hawaiian places I've been to around town. Garlic chicken and a soda was about 11 bucks. They seem to be very popular as well since people were coming in non-stop during the lunch hour, so come early or be prepared to wait in line! I would come back here again in the future since it's not too far from work.
2	I eat out a lot and mite be one of the worse Hawaii style place I ever went to in Vegas. Service slow, you don't get a lot for what you pay for, food taste ok. Really disappointed. Actually first Hawaiian place That disappointed me. Doesn't take much to make this local boy happy. =(
4	Oh garlic seared ahi, how I love thee. The mini portion is just the right size; one scoop of rice, one scoop of mac or green salad, and some slices of beautifully cooked fish is all I need. ACTUALLY! I need that wasabi butter mixture. I mixed it with the rice, I dipped the fish in there, I fished out all the delicious morsels that fell in, I might have drank it if I did not fear for my waistline. I am impressed with places that ask you how you want your protein cooked. No, I am not talking about fine dining or a steak house. I mean everyday places that can be mistaken for fast food. Yes, I do want my ahi cooked to a medium rare. Yes, I do understand that it will be raw in the middle. Yes, I would love to see that the medium rare I ordered was cooked to perfection. Not only was my meal prepared well, but a friend's kalbi was pretty amazing as well.They are thick cuts of tender meat and I LOVE picking at the bones. The marinade was sweet and savory. Just the perfect mix and it had me wishing I ordered my own plate. My only gripe is with the spam musubi. There is just too much rice and a tiny slice of spam. I want more! Once I get past that. I am a happy camper.
3	Was in the area for work again. XD Came here later in the day this time. around 2ish on a tuesday afternoon. had a few people dining in but they mostly left by the time i got my food. Ordered a furikake chicken and the garlic chicken again (double check xD) Order came out fairly quick today. 2 scoops of rice, 1 scoop of mac salad, and the two meats. Mac salad has cubed of potato in it. interesting XD adds a nice texture to it. Garlic chicken. yeah not enough garlic taste :( i almost feel like im eating a chicken katsu with some aioli sauce (mayo based) Furikake chicken. same type of fried chicken i believe, but topped with furikake. intesting but not as amazing as some people make it out to be.If i come to this place again, imma try the loco moco next time ! heh !
4	Finally got a chance to eat here. Food is delish, like others have mentioned. I had the Furikake Chicken and hubby had the Bento B plate. Both tasty and tender.
5	I love 808 Hawaii Grill the BBQ chicken and salad with rice is my favorite !!!!
5	Food always prepared fresh & the portions are amazing! A place to hit up if you're craving some hawaiian food! Great customer service too! Thanks Auntie! Lol
4	Classic Hawaiian in vegas, I would go back for sure.  Loved the Loco Moco and the food was very good.  Vibe is hippy dippy, and the booths in the restaurant make you feel like you are in an old mcdonalds or something strange, but the place packs em in, I cannot wait to go back , and also, in the same parking lot is the best little hawaiian poke shop in vegas, have lunch then get some pokey to go....mmmmm mmmm  4 star goodness!  Satisfying your taste for the islands....
3	I got the garlic chicken and kalbi ...they both had great taste the bad thing was my kalbi was all fat :( mac salad was blah this was take out next time we will try dine in
2	When I first ate here I swear I had a orgasm in my mouth! The food was SO good!! I had the garlic chicken and seared ahi tuna... It was so good I went back numerous times throughout the month trying different things.. To me the best by far was the ahi and garlic chicken so I have been sticking with that.. CONS-I have to explain to them every time I order how I like my ahi cooked.. Lightly seared.. It's not hard but I guess it is to them..  Recently (I don't know if they have new cooks?) the past month I have been going numerous times and my food has gotten worse with every visit! The garlic chicken had chunks of fat and hardly no meat in one visit, on another visit my ahi was thrown together on my plate and looked and tasted like fried chicken!!! If you look at the other pictures on here of the ahi, it's nicely put together.. I don't know if that was a dig because I'm black or what!! But.. After that last time, I'm pretty much done with them.. It's sad because once upon a time the food was SO good and I didn't mind spending 12.95 for a mixed plate 3 times a week!! Guess I'll start going to the poke place in the corner..
5	UPDATE:::::I went in to order today and was approached by the friendliest person!! We were waiting in line, and he came all the way from the back kitchen to speak to me.. He asked if I wrote the review, I told him yes and we just talked about the food and if it wasn't to my liking etc.. I NEVER thought these reviews were even read by anyone until today! It was a good feeling knowing that my review was actually read and taking into accountability.. We ordered 4 different plates and they were all superb! The food tasted like how it use too!! I am just so impressed with the customer service, food and the caring of the customers!!! Get to this place for lunch or dinner and I promise you are in for a treat!!
3	Portions are less and the prices are substantially more. :( Love the food and the atmosphere but with the rising costs, my visits become less frequent.
3	I had ordered The garlic chicken. I enjoyed it. It has this miso mayo that was really a good flavor added to the chicken. You can defiantly taste the garlic on the chicken but it wasn't over powering. It came with Mac salad which tasted like it was made couple days ago. I'm a Mac Salad fan and it really didn't taste that good. I think I should have ordered size Mini instead of regular because it is a large portion meal which is good.The beau got the Loco Moco. The patty was made fresh and didn't taste like it came out of a freezer which he really liked. He did mention he wanted his eggs sunny side but he's egg came out over easy & yolk was cooked all the way. But other than that he enjoyed the food.Honestly probably won't be returning. Nothing really wrong with the food. It's just nothing really stood out to me for me to return.
2	Went and had the garlic chicken and it was all right.  I would have preferred it to be more garlicky but it was not bad.  The only thing that turned me off was that the prices are kind of expensive for the amount of food they give you.  They put a small mound of rice under the meat portion to plump it up and make it look like you're getting a lot.  Also personally, it turns me off (from eating) when employees have extremely large gauged ears and tattoos all up their necks and arms.  Call me old school, but it is not what I want to see when dining.
5	After eating here several times I am finally getting around to this review. Why, you might ask? I dont know why either. Maybe its because I am so full and satisfied after each visit that I just got too relaxed which equals to laziness on my part. Well I feel that I need to do this now so all you peeps out there looking for a decent Hawaiian place to eat can get the info you need. First of all, they are closed on mondays.  To help you find this place easier, look for the nicely sized Big Lots sign in the same complex. Since the building itself is kind of back a ways, their sign looks dinky from the street. They are to the right of Ella Em's Soul Food which I kind of dont recommend eating at. Refer to my review on them and you will know what I mean.Since my first visit here I kept telling myself that I will try other dishes but always end up getting the same items. Mainly Kalbi Short Ribs, Garlic Chicken, and Grilled Mahi Mahi accompanied by a rotation of the Mac Salad and Green Salad.First and foremost, if you are coming here for the first time, get the Kalbi Short Ribs! It is nothing like what you have had at other places. It's literally a bone in steak because the cut they give you is like about 4 actual short ribs stacked on top of each other but cut up into strips for you enjoy it much easier than having to manually pull the meat apart or cut it. If you dont believe me, please refer to the numerous mouth watering pics and mine will be there as well! I recommend you order it medium rare for best taste and tenderness. Also give them a little more time to cook it especially if the place is packed.For you garlic lovers like me, the Garlic Chicken is what always gets me kind of like how that one really cute nephew or niece of yours that you just cant say no to when they tilt their head and give you the puppy dog eyes look. Its basically chicken katsu cut up but with a different version of breading with a garlic mayo type of sauce on it.The grilled Mahi Mahi always hits the spot for me when it comes to my fish craving. Its tender flakiness falls apart oh so easily with your fork. Only thing that may have caught my attention is that the portion was just a tad small. These three items I get are part of the their name sake combo, the 808 Mixed Plate in which you choose two items accompanied with two scoops of steamed white rice and your choice of mac salad or green salad. Im glad I dont come here alone and bring my family instead so I can sample all the goodness! The total price for all three large orders plus 2 drinks came to about 31 bucks and change. FYI, most orders you can get a mini or large depending on your appetite. The 808 mixed plates are guaranteed to be large sizes. So I would say an average meal here would be around 10 bucks a person. Not bad at all for really good food and good service.Speaking of service, they take your order at the counter, you pay, sit down,  and they bring it out to you once its done. The drinks are self serve so you dont have to wait for them to refill your drinks. Once you are done eating, try to at least clean up a bit after yourself so that they dont spend too much time cleaning after you and for Pete's sake, leave a decent tip if you havnt already when you paid up front.Next time I will try to order other stuff but no promises. Also dont forget to check out Poke Express down a few suites for some excellent Poke and yes, I have a review for that place too! So what are you waiting for? Stop reading this while driving and go straight there. Then you can send me a compliment after reading this. Lol. Enjoy!Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #105 "Da Kine!"
5	So bomb!!! I love this place, compared to the other hawaiian food places in town this one is the best. I really will never get sick of this place, the whole restaurant has good vibes and the people that work there are awesome!
4	Yesterday is my second time going to here. The place is clean but not really fantasy. The serivce is normal.  The time for waiting the food is okay. I like ordered a kaibi beef short ribs regular plate. The kaibi beef is spectacular!  When you order the Kaibi beef ribs they will ask how do you like to cook, and I ordered medium rare. Notice it the Kaibi beef short ribs is market price. They make it exactly and juicy. The sweetness of the kaibi beef is perfect. They will also cut it in pieces, so it easy for customer to eat. Portion is huge and the mac salad is flavorful but not too strong. This place have the best Hawiian bbq kaibi beef in las vegas.
2	Just ok. Stopped here because of all the great reviews. They were all out of kalbi even though they'd only been open an hour. Maybe that was our problem. We both had garlic chicken. Not garlicky at all, and deep fried. Kalua pork was mushy and reminiscent of canned tuna. Wouldn't go again.
4	Had the kalua pork with cabbage plate with Mac for a side. The pork was VERY juicy. Nice taste. I would have no problem eating here again. For those that care. The men's restroom was very clean.
5	Had the mixed plate combo with Ono chicken and garlic chicken. They call it the Ono chicken because when you run out you'll say "oh no." The garlic chicken is also amazing
2	Let's start with walking in, how awkward. No one greets you, an older woman sits in what looks like pajamas with a pen in her ear and carries around the portable phone. Even worst is the punk rock cashier who doesn't smile and has her arms crossed the whole time as if you're inconveniencing her this fine afternoon. God forbid we took too long as it was my first time and wasn't sure what to get, and every time I asked a question my boyfriend answered as she gave me blank stares like I'm a retard.Oh, and I take it back the kitchen was the only thing exciting as they did greet me while I was attempting to order, probably the only time I felt welcome. Boyfriend got Kahlua pig.. I almost thought it was carnitas since it was on the salty side. I ended up with garlic chicken which was actually delicious but it was drowned in so much mayo I thought I was gonna turn into Agustus Glut (Willy Wonka). THE WORST PART.. How on earth do you have overcooked rice?! Oh man, it was so unpleasant, I was convinced it was mashed potatoes! We decided to take the rest to-go and asked for a box.... yeah it had dirt in it as said punk rock girl stares inside as she handed it to us. So I got up and got another one. Pretty lame adventure.
2	Lets start with the atmosphere,first thing I get when I go to order is friendliness from the cashier with huge earlobes, she was very helpful and quite patient,the only thing to make me feel uncomfortable is the strange man with high lighted blonde streaks in his hair starring at me from the grill.I can honestly say I don't always get this from the other cashiers that work on the days she isn't in except for maybe one who I hear the girl refer to as Norma,she is always just as welcoming as the other. Now for when it comes to sitting down and eating I feel extremely uncomfortable because that same blonde streak man comes to the front to just stare at me eat. It's a very threatening vibe and is unpleasant due to the fact that these stares seem a little too vulgar so I just left because come on who wants to be starred at like a piece of meat in a lions den .I ordered the kalbi/garlic chicken combo and the kalbi was suppose to be cooked medium rare and came out medium well looking. The garlic chicken was a tad bit burned as well.The prices Are ridiculous!! For such simple things, the cost is just too much. If I wanted to spend 15 dollars on a single plate I might as well take out the family somewhere else and spend less money.
5	Wow! This food is delicious! I've eaten at plenty HI places in Vegas & this is by far the best. It's a family owned business, & it feels like eating at a friends house.I had garlic chicken & spare ribs mixed plate. Ahhhmazzing (though pricy $15) it's so worth it if you don't mind spending the extra $4 in comparison to other HI places. Very filling & tasty. I'll be back soon!
5	I've been here a few times and it is definitely one of the best Hawaiian BBQ restaurants in the area. The staff is friendly and always makes a fuss over how cute my toddler is. Can't say I blame them! I usually just get the regular BBQ chicken.
3	Garlic chicken and Mac salad is delicious ... I didn't care so much for some of the employees one in particular ...and it is a little pricey.  My partner really liked this place and had no complaints. We will go back again someday
3	This place had good food. Not like it was "great wow" food but it was okay. The teriyaki beef was standard thin beef with a bottled sauce over it. It was tasty but not memorable. The spam was of course spam so no disappoint there. And the chicken was moist and descent, but could of had more flavor.Last thing, I'm always weary of places that have more than one soda flavor out....especially when the "Out" signs on them are or look older than two days.C'mon pay your soda vendor!Overall experience.... There was nothing standoutish about 808 but it was decent food for my plate!
5	I visited this place for lunch because I was in North Las Vegas visiting some friends. Let me start by saying that this place doesn't have much of a reputation, but I wasn't put off that my friends live around the corner from 808 and haven't tried the food. My first impression upon walking in the door was the decor was definitely dated. It sort of reminded me of L&L. They tend to put all of their focus on the food and neglect certain aspects of the restaurant, but I don't go out to eat for the decor. Everything was clean, but a few of the plants and walls were speckled with a bit of dust. After minor observation of the surroundings, I was greeted by a kind lady behind the register waiting patiently for me to order my food. She had a very kind and warm smile. She was also very patient while I was quickly perusing the menu, which was a bit difficult to read. As I was waiting for my food (carryout), I noticed this woman greeting people dining in and picking up plates licked clean by happy customers. Now down to the meat of this review. I had the two item combo plate with green salad. It rang up close to $9...A little on the high side, but it was worth every bit of it. I ordered the Kalbi Beef and Garlic Chicken which was served with two pillowy blankets of rice. The Kalbi was second to none in Las Vegas. It was prepped differently than other places like L&L and AK. The ribs were of a thicker cut so you get more meat in each bite. Also, the rib meat is served sliced and presented on top of the cut ribs itself. The Garlic Chicken was nice and crisp. The chicken came drizzled with a garlic sauce and sprinkled with sesame seeds. Overall, even though I didn't dine in, the food was the best in its class (in Vegas, of course). I just wish 808 was closer to where I live because I can always appreciate good Hawaiian food. Do your stomach a favor and go to 808 brah!
5	Garlic chicken is the best. Great service and great food. They do have military discount. Don't hesitate to try here.
5	Two words: Garlic chicken. Try it, won't be disappointed. Even got it catered for a birthday party. The service is awesome too. Make you feel welcomed
5	I love their hula pack with sesame chicken! If I'm on that side of town and they are open I will stop by.
2	I really went in here looking for some lumpia but they didnt have any :(. Anyway, I got the chicken katsu with rice and macaroni salad. It wasnt disgusting but it wasn't delicious either. The katsu was crsipy but lacked flavor. The macaroni salad could use a bit more seasoning as well. This was my first time eating at this place. Though I've had better, I would still return to try something else.
1	This place is popular.  I waited in line for 10 minutes before I ended up walking out.  The line was almost to the door!  I don't think it's worth waiting that long.  In those 10 minutes, the line NEVER moved and I overheard a patron that had already been served that she wouldn't come back because she didn't "like this place".  So I ended up @ Teriyaki Madness a few doors down.
5	Tried this place today and was not disappointed but amazed how good the Korean chicken wings with garlic chicken combo. They have just earned my business.
3	I love the Kalbi and Garlic Chicken plate, my complaint is that it is more on the expensive side so we don't come here very often and there aren't enough seats in the very small restaurant to eat during the lunch or dinner rush so we end up having our food made to go. Sometimes the people working seem kinda irritated  & on those days it's probably best to take the food to go or turn around and go somewhere else.
5	Found this place by divine intervention!  First  sign of this being a good place, walked in and the place was slammed!  Second, menu had all the comforts of my island palate!  Third, the food was delicious and passed the Keiki test!  HI BBQ beef & chicken, Katsu, Teri beef burger and I mean Teri beef, not ground beef.  So good the old man had to order a second.  And the hurricane fries oh yeah!
5	Wow, talk about the Aloha spirit. Traveling through on business. First time in LV and haven't had Local food in almost 3 years due to our family being stationed in Europe. Driving to Nellis AFB and happened on this gem of a restaurant. Let me tell you the food was awesome and the Aloha spirit was truly exceptional. Although I haven't been able to go home to Hawaii in a while, I truly felt the spirit of Aloha through the food and hospitality of the locals that own and work in this wonderful establishment. Mahalo 808 for making my first time in LV a tasteful one. BTW the poi, garlic chicken, and kalbi was AWESOME!!!!! See you guys again when I pass through LV.
5	This is the best place for the kalbi short ribs in Las Vegas even it is on market price and doesn't open for Monday! We ordered raw for short ribs, they have marinated short ribs by themselves, they also have the right thickness for the ribs, so it won't be too dry when it is done grilling. In addition, they gave us some sample for their other famous dish. Omg!! This is a place has the best Hawaiian food and people in Las Vegas.
4	After Earl and I volunteered at Three Square, we were hungry.  Since we are barely in the North side of town, we decided to try out an eatery that we cannot visit often in Henderson.  We decided on 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate.When we arrived, there was a group of guys in front of us.  Their orders came out and majority got the garlic chicken.  In addition, the portion looked huge.  Earl and I decided on the 2 meat combo.  We got the Kahlua pork and cabbage, as well as the garlic chicken.  It came with a scoop of rice and choice of mac salad or green salad.  We opted for the green salad.  The food came out after 10 minutes.  The Kahlua pork and cabbage was very tasty.  Just the right about of seasoning.  The garlic chicken was super flavorful.  It was crispy, sweet, and a bit spicy.  The mayo aioli was a great addition to this chicken.  The green salad had some brown, due to the old lettuce.  Was not very fresh.Overall, the food was good and cheap.  One plate was more than enough for both Earl and I.  We will visit when we are back to volunteering at Three Square.
5	This is handsdown the best Hawaiian food in Las Vegas friendly staff good food,the "ono chicken" highly recommended
5	I love this place.   You have to try the garlic chicken with miso mayo.  Had a dessert called poi mochi.  If you like mochi you will love this.   Not very sweet and really chewy.   Everytime I have come here the service is great and all of the workers are very friendly.
5	Best Hawaiian food I've  ever had. I travel 30 miles to come here no where else compares.
5	A legit Hawaiian style eatery owned by local people from Hawaii. Items tried: Garlic Chicken and Firecracker Chicken. Both were delicious!!! Their portions are generous and well worth the price. Just a tip, you get more for your money if you order a regular plate Insted of a mini. It has a very homey feel, I felt like I was at my aunties house back in Hawaii :) Staff was welcoming & friendly. Food was fresh and served up quickly. Definitely check them out if you are in the area.
5	I have been eating at this restaurant a few years now, it is always great and made fresh to order. The Garlic Chicken is so amazing I have to eat it at least once per week. yummmm   If you like salad too, you can get almost any dish made into a salad or served with rice.
4	If you are getting a lil tired of the Teriyaki Madness a couple doors down, then give 808 a shot.  Their Garlic Chicken with Miso Mayo is phenomenal!  The chicken is crispy and moist and that miso mayo is to die for.  The only reason I didn't give them five stars was that their short ribs were a lil pricy and the portion was a lil small.  Other than that, definitely worth a visit.
5	Hands down the best place in Vegas for plate lunch.  The aunties there will make sure you are full.
5	The best Hawaiian food I've had in the states. Family owned and operated, awesome food and chill environment.
3	Kalbi Ribs was good and the Garlic Chicken was ok. They give you two very small scoops of rice so I had to order a extra scoop. The macaroni salad had no taste and would suggest putting a little salt and pepper to make it eatable!
5	fabulous fabulous fabulous..oh did i mention fabulous!? mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm they said my review was to short doesn't fabulous say it all???!!!?
5	Chef Brenton never seems to fail at being the person so courteous at all times, let it be just greeting and saying goodbye to us, we always feel that aloha. The food is always Onolicious, like the Kalbi or Garlic chicken or Fried Saimin with Teri Beef on the side. It brings that old saying "Broke Da Mouth!" The Loco Moco needs no explanation but Damn good! Anytime I need the feel of being back home in Hawaii or making an excuse to get to the north side of town, there is no way we can pass up the grinds here. Also if you're in the need for some wicked Poke, it's just a walk down the sidewalk. Mahalos to the gang at 808 Mixed Plate for bringing that perfect and most of the time better than back home mixed plates and specials of the day. Don't stop making the "Mean Kine" desserts too!
5	Y'know how when your significant other asks you "where do you want to go eat," and you always say "I don't know..where do you want to go?" Then, it becomes some circular argument for over 15 minutes before you guys settle on something? Now, I finally have an answer to my husband's question!! This is theeeee place to go to when you want a simple lunch!! The lady at the counter was awesome for giving my husband a military discount on his meal without him asking (she noticed my husband's debit card was from a military bank)! Anywho, onto the meal! I ordered the garlic chicken with miso mayo per Yelp's suggestions, and OMG it was amazingggggg! The chicken was slightly crispy, garlicky, and sweet from the outside, and chicken meat ohhhhh so soft and tender on the inside! It came with two scoops of rice plus your choice of toss salad or mac salad (8.50), and the boo got the kahlua pork with cabbage! His dish was amazzzziiiing as well (shhh i snatched his leftovers at home)! The kahlua pork complemented the rice so well! The meals here get you comfortably full, with some left over to take home!They bring out the food to your table if you're dining in, so pleaseeee don't forget to tip them when they ring up your food :)
4	The garlic chicken and pork chops are excellent. But they really shined when they did a special happy birthday song and dessert for my friend without being asked just because they knew it was her birthday. Mahalo. My friends and I will be back.
4	This place is alway good for take out. I always get the oriental salad with garlic chicken.  My husband keeps making me try new things and they are always good, but I LOVE this salad. We  sat inside today and the presentation of the salad is amazing.  I had no idea how beautiful they plate their food cause it's always in Togo containers. Come in sit down and enjoy great food that looks pretty too.
5	Great food the best Hawaiian food I have been to in las Vegas I have tried the rest now this is the best :)
4	You just can't go wrong with anything on their menu. I normally get the garlic chicken, kalbi or the kalua pork. Sooooo good!
5	Thee ABSOLUTE BEST HAWAIIAN FOOD IVE EVER TASTED!!! I always get the 808 mixed plate with Garlic chicken and Kalbi short ribs and green salad. It never lets me down!!! I get extra miso mayo on the side for some extra dipping. I LOVE 808 HAWAIIAN Food!!! If you are in the Vegas area it is a MUST TRY!!! So excited about it after writing  this review that in about to go and get some!!!!
2	I ordered the Kalua pork and cabbage with rice and mac salad. The mac salad was average, the pork was bland and the rice was stale. It was like eating 3 day old rice......gross. I was disappointed with the quality of food and will not be returning.
4	Tried 808 for the 1st time 2 days ago! I was a bit taken back at the price of the Kal-bi ribs... $17.95, but the meat was at marketplace prices, so very fair. My husband really liked it and it was a huge portion and cooked correctly- well done. I had the hamburger steak which unfortunately was under cooked, but gravy was great like the kind back home in Hawaii. I just cooked it until it was pau (finished) in the microwave. You can have with or without the onions and mushrooms. I had it with. I was really bummed because the extra Mac salad I ordered I never got, but paid $2 for. Only noticed after i got home! So my husband who likes 2 got mines. I had a bite of it and it was really Ono. The girl at the counter was super nice and the staff cooking was full of Aloha. One of them even ran down to Poke Express to get the last bag of poi!  Now that's customer service! Mahalos! I did not try the Musubi but a family who came in after me, scarfed them down and then ordered more. So you know it's good! This place is really good and super friendly!
5	Delicious, Delicious, Delicious! Garlic Chicken my favorite.
