5	Read carefully. It's TAKE AND BAKE pizza. Which means they make your pizza from scratch and THEN you take it home and cook it in your oven. I have seen some people come in and once they realize that it's a take 'n bake, they complain that they still have to take it home and bake it. The advantages are that it is a little cheaper and it doesnt get any fresher than it coming out of your own oven. You can come in and order what you want and it takes around 10 minutes for them to make it. You can save time by calling ahead and it will be done by the time you get there. The pizzas come on a specially designed disposable bake and serve trays so you dont have to go out and buy one. All the instructions you need come with the pizza. Look for the survey that comes with the instructions. You can get certain dollars off towards your next purchase if you complete it.Now for the menu. They have 2 sizes: Large and Family size (which is 2 dollars more cuz it's 30 percent bigger).  3 kinds of crust. Regular, thin, and stuffed. The thin crust is 11 dollars. Choices are Herb Chicken Mediterranean, Chicken Bacon Artichoke, Thai Chicken, Gourmet Chicken Garlic, Veggie, and Meat.The regular crust (also called Signature and Gourmet) is 13 dollars. Choices are Papa's Favorite, Murphy's Combo, Cowboy, Gourmet Chicken Garlic, Papa's All Meat, Gourmet Vegetarian, and Gourmet Classic Italian.The stuffed crust is 14 dollars. Choices are 5 meat, Chicago Style, Chicken Bacon, and Big Murphy's.For a more detailed description of  each pizza, go to www.papamurphys.com Remember, you can make any pizza a family size for 2 dollars more. Check often for they have different kinds of specialty pizzas all the time like my favorite, Cheeseburger!
4	Glad to have this pizza "to go" joint in the neighborhood.  They just opened in May 2012, and I got one of their grand opening special prices for a large pepperoni.They got one of the most important things right: excellent quality cheese and plenty of it!  The sauce was very good, but just a little too spicy.  The regular crust I had was very nice.  Next time, I might try the thin crust, but I will definitely be a regular as long as the quality is there.
5	We decided to try it after receiving the flyer in the mail. I called ahead and it was ready when I arrived to pick it up. The owner and son where great and even gave me the nutritional information flyer when I mentioned that I was losing weight but decided to splurge. To my surprise the deLite Mediterranean was not a diet buster. I also picked up the Cinnamon Wheel. The Pizza was awesome! My husband said "This is really good, I think we will try another kind tomorrow." As for the Cinnamon Wheel it exceeded my expectations and taste like a Cinnabon. Ten times better than the Cinnapie (At Papa Johns).I will be going back! FYI it is a Take-n-Bake restaurant, which means they build it and you bake it! Love them!
5	This is the last one left in Vegas. There used to be several, but they all went away.  For the money, a great place to pick up a fresh pizza for a family dinner or a casual night with friends.  Mind you, you have to bake it yourself, but that's not an inconvenience for a pizza this good.
4	I knew of this place prior to moving to Vegas as they had them in Oregon where I grew up. Always been a huge fan as the pizza is as fresh as you could probably get without making it yourself. and you don't have to worry about the dreaded possibility of it showing up cold via delivery as you bake it at home.It's definitely worth it to call in ahead and have them make it for you since by the time you get there it will be ready and you're in and out. They also have a ton of great sides and other items to compliment the pizza's like the cinnamon wheels, cheesy bread sticks, smores pizzas, salads, cookie dough etc. I was excited when they built this location as it's closer to my home area (Nellis AFB) and the one I had to drive to prior was the one on craig/decatur. Hands down love me some Papa Murphy's, their stuffed pizzas are our favorite!
5	Love the option of fresh take n bake pizza. Grew up with glad to see one in Las Vegas! They are the best pizzas! So many options for such a great price!
4	This place is awesome! I had originally heard of Papa M's when I was in college. I thought the concept was ridiculous. Why not just buy a frozen pizza from the grocery store or go to Pizza Hut?I finally decided to give it a try when a new location was built near my house. Armed with a coupon, I indulged on some of the best pizza I have ever eaten. The ingredients are fresh, and the crust is probably the best ever. I'm here a couple of times of month. You can build your own pizza or choose from one of the menu items. I've had just about ever type of pizza. My favorite is the Chicken Bacon Artichoke on thin crust with red sauce. Perfection! The owners are extremely nice and helpful. Definitely my go-to spot for pizza!
4	I go to this location quite often, it's great to call ahead pick up on the way home and bake when ur ready for dinner.  Service is always great, even when i add and subtract all kinds of stuff.  But man oh man the smores pizza is delish!
5	I have been to this location of Papa Murphy's on many occasions and love it. The staff is always friendly and the pizza is always great. The ingredients are fresh, they make it and you take it home and bake it. I always call ahead and they will have it waiting for you to pick it up.
5	Pizza s good.  I like the fact that it is made on the spot and you customize it to your liking.
5	If you haven't tried Papa Murphy's and have been ordering from a chain restaurant instead, SHAME ON YOU! I won't say that this is the best pizza I've ever had, but I'll swear that this is the best you'll get at this price point- I got a large stuffed pizza for an awesome $11. The employees were really nice; I'd never been and was encouraged to ask questions like where the sauce was on the stuffed pizza (it comes inside and on the top). The woman in front of me had a Mediterranean (olive oil, feta cheese, spinach, herbs, olives, chicken..) pizza that looked tasty- I'll probably try that next time. Text Go Papa to 90210 to get a free 2 liter OR cookie dough on your same-day visit. And there are more coupons on the back of the cooking instructions when you leave them feedback. If you're one of those, like my dad, who believe all reputable pizza places offer anchovies, they have them for you. We used to be huge fans of the Pizza Hut pan pizza.. no more!
5	This place was built by my house and when hubby and I went to try it we loved it! We were one of those first time customers that was confused when we got to the end of the line and given a uncooked pizza haha. We took it home baked it and it was AMAZING.
3	It's pretty good pizza...We got the stuffed 5 meat...$14 no tax...Not bad, hope you calculate your stove time's properly...If your hungry make sure you pre heat your oven before you pick up the pie...I am not sure why they aren't cooking these pizza's...at least offer you a "choice"...It's like selling tire's without putting on the rims...Go figure...
5	Love papa murphy's anyway but I really dig the customer service at this location.  The owner is about to be retired military and he's a real nice guy.  Dominique was very nice too.  Can't complain about a military discount either.  The place was suuper clean and comfortable.**Update - I wrote this edit forever ago but never came online and finalized it so I'm not sure if it's still the same and I'm sure the owner probably retired since then.  I moved but if I lived closer I would check it out and update the review for sure. **
4	Employees are always friendly, store is always clean and food is always cheap. This is a take and bake pizza place so you will be cooking this stuff once you get home. My only gripe is that the pizzas never seem to turn out the same. Sometimes we can get them perfect but other times they are either burnt or undercooked. The last pizza we got from them the center just would not cook until the outer part was burnt. Overall though I like this place and will return.
4	This is my go to pizza place. its about half the price of papajohns or pizzahut ( eww ) and it tastes a lot fresher too. They are always sending out coupons so I can feed a family of 6 for about 20 bucks. The older gentlemen who works here is so nice! But the younger gentlemen always act like im bothering them when I order, they never say hello or anything. But other than that I love this place.
2	This is only a temporary review. We stopped on to sit a grab a quick bite to eat while getting our car serviced to our disappointment is was take out only! So we didn't get to eat there. The decor was nice and the store was super clean! Looking forward to trying it out when we are not on the run!
3	Chain pizza is basically a 3.
5	The is by far the best Pizza I've had in Las Vegas. It was so jucy and hot that I ate 2 Slices...And them suckers are huge! Go Carbs!!!!!!
5	Sometimes, you just get lucky.  We discovered Papa Murphy's on Losee by accident and have been hooked ever since.  The great people who own and work there are former Air Force....what's not to like about that?  And, they make the most delicious pizza we have ever tasted.  Whenever Brother Bill visits from Summerlin, we have to get the Family size, so we have some left over for breakfast.  If it's just Pat and me, she limits us to the Large.  I don't like it, but we still have some left for breakfast.Pat, Steve and Brother Bill
4	Loved it. A co-worker has been talking about this place for awhile now so finally went ahead and stopped on the way home. My husband loves taco pizza, but have been having a hard time finding that around our area and lo and behold on their front window..... taco pizza.... I was very happy about that and had to give it a try. First off the lady and man who were making the pizzas were so nice. I told them this was my first time trying this and they answered every question I had before I asked it. I would and will definitely be back, the ingredients were so fresh and it only took about 14 minutes to bake.. Worth it to me to bring it home and cook it for those prices (a large $11.00), and that freshness. The people before me ordered what looked like maybe the club salad and I will definitely try that next time, looked fabulous...  Seeing the pictures of the desserts on this page has convinced me to try one of those next time too.. Just couldn't buy one until I saw a picture of it cooked. mmmmmmm .
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Papa Murphy's. This is the only location I've ever been to, and I miss it every day since I moved. TOPPINGS!!! No shortage here. Unique combinations such as the Thai Pizza, and options when it comes to crust/sauce/cheese. The vegetarian pizzas are delicious, both the thin and thick crust options. You may already be aware, but this is a take home and bake spot, which is very convenient if you're planning on pizza but want to pick it up early in the day. They prepare it in front of you, unless you order pick-up. They also have a kids option in which they package the toppings and provide a kids size pizza to build at home with your little one. Fun! And delicious. This location has super friendly and attentive service!
5	Consistently good. They send out coupons randomly too. We are a fan of the stuffed pizzas. The desserts are good too. We pass on the salads only because they are small and not really worth the price, you're better off stopping at Smith's and getting a fresh salad.
