3	My bf surprised me today by making us an appointment to get pedicures. I had asked him to come with me many times before, but he always declined. He has been in the doghouse lately so I believe it was his attempt to show me his sensitive side. I was surprised and pleased and he sweetened the deal by telling me no one had reviewed it yet (FTR WHAT!! ;) We were greeted immediately and only had to wait about 10 minutes before our feet were soaking in the warm, blue bliss. The pedicure went well, the guy that did mine was great with the leg massage and he was also quite fast. The poor girl that did my bf's feet was a good sport, not once did she cringe at his gnarled toes. I was impressed.I also got a nail fill and was once again amazed at how quick the guy worked. He did a top-notch job and didn't hurt me once (seems to be a rarity when I get my nails done these days).My only complaint on the entire experience was the chairs. The massage chairs were really uncomfortable. There was no cushion in them, and when the massage wasn't on it just felt like hard rocks on your back. If not for the chairs I would definitely return. On a side note - There were tons of letters from customers on the wall thanking Wendy for helping them cure their nail fungus. So, if you have that issue she has a proven cure. Also they don't take credit cards, debit or cash only.
4	I have been to Wendy's Nails 3 times now and have been very pleased with all my services. Last time I brought 2 friends along for pre-brunch manicures and we were all very happy. The salon is clean, friendly, and they provide great service and have many regulars. My only complaint is their price is a little higher than comparable nail salons ($15 manicure).
3	They stayed open late for me which was nice and didnt skimp on my pedicure though they did rush me even going so far as to turn off some of the lights before closing time. Mostly friendly staff. They seemed excited that I was paying in cash.
2	This isn't the worse place I've been. In fact the pedicure was really pretty good, but the manicure chipped the very next day! They aslo gave me a kind of hard time about paying with card, even though i tipped in cash. I only went here for a wedding and i don't think I'll be going back.
1	i should have walked out the moment i walked in.duck taped massage chairs??? creepy chairs lined agains the wall with fans at the feet? we were told pedicures were $20 but they failed to mention the ridiculous $2 upcharge if you pay with a debit or credit card. it was so hot in there, too. they need to turn on the ac. it was awful. never again.
5	Oh, how I miss you Wendy's Nails (especially Anne, she's THE BEST!) I went to you for years and never had a disappointing visit.  I've been in CA for 1.5 years now and have tried 6 different salons.  I just can't find anyone great :(To my fellow yelpers in Phx, take advantage of this wonderful little salon.  I wish I still could!
4	I stopped in for a pedicure & was very pleased with the experience. I asked that it be expedited & the young lady accommodated very well. She gave a great leg/foot massage which I recommend highly. She also was friendly but not intrusive to me. They are pretty busy though, Which is actually a good thing. I will move my rating up depending on how the pedicure lasts!
1	Words could not even express how angry I was after I left this place.  My friend and I went there to get pedicures done a couple of weeks back. (I knew if I wrote this review right away, it would have been right down nasty)First off, we are told to sit in the chairs to soak our feet while waiting for a nail tech to assist us.  Jill got her lady first, and I am just sitting there....waiting....getting waterlogged.  Then I realize that this lady is going to do MY feet AFTER Jill's...even though there were other tech's available.  I look over at Jill while I am waiting and she is in pain.  She is not enjoying this one bit.Now...here we go about my feet.  Now...not to be disgusting, but my feet get dry.  The tech offers to remove the dead skin from my heels and said she will give me the sponge as a gift.  Ummm...thanks!  No word on charging me...but what should I expect?  My massage was very short...and she also hurt my feet while clipping and filing.  She had no TLC in her what's so ever.  When she was scrubbing my feet she yelled at me..."Give me your hand...give me your hand...and feel!"  Lady, I know what my feet feel like thank you very much.  No need to remind me on how my feet are.  I already know.So when we are going up to pay....she said that mine was $10 more than my friends....I am like...whatever.  Where is my spongey thing you promised. "I give!"  No lady, you didn't give.  "Oh, I will get it."  Yeah...thanks for it....from the effing garbage.I will go back to my normal place....where they treat me nice (to my face) and give me TLC on my feet.
4	Squeezed in a Desperation Pedi on my lunch hour this week.  Young lady was pleasant and finished in under an hour (yay).  She managed not to make a face or snicker at the hooves hanging off my ankles!  It's been awhile.Nice pressure on the foot rub. Comfy massage chairs, everything seems new in here.  Polish is still perfect.  Very pleasant way to sneak away from the office!Like many other places they require TIPS in cash.  There's a GOOD reason for this, my friends, business owner gets TAXED on the revenue and every dollar counts.  We are already crushing small business in this country - have a heart, bring cash!
2	This was my first time at Wendy's, my best friend had been going here forever so I assumed it wouldn't be too bad. To start we were instantly greeted and the place looked clean. Unfortunately there was mostly dark colors of polish to choose from which was a huge bummer. My friend got her nails started and I sat next to her waiting for someone to become available to do mine, mind you I was the only one waiting. A few minutes later two ladies walked in and were taken care of before myself when the other technicians were finished, I let it slide. After 20 minutes went by, Wendy (the owner) arrived and started my full set. She was rough and rushed the whole time. Meanwhile another customer came in, she waited, but was obviously impatient. She offered to come back, but Wendy rushed through my nails, which are uneven and have gunk underneath them. She told me to wait aside as she give this lady a fill and polish change. So I waited for her to complete the other lady while I waited to get my polish. She rushed painting the polish, as well as making a mess around my fingers. I'm only content with my nails, and I will not be going back.
4	If you want to avoid the stuck-up Camelback people, it is a good choice.
4	After moving back home to Phx from SoCal I have been through about 5 nail salons and have had issues with every single one so, I am thankful to have ended up discovering this salon. I drive a bit further to have my nails done here but I feel it's worth it. The pedis, gels and acrylics have all been up to par with my expectations and the quality is consistent. Although they are not very artistic with their nail designs I can appreciate the consistency. The staff has been very polite as well. The salon is kept clean and tidy.CASH ONLY TIPS
1	This place is one of the WORST nail salons I have been to. Horrible color selection, rude staff and plain and simple junk job.  The owner Wendy did my girlfriend pedicure and cut her skin, when she said it hurt she squirted a mystery potion on which stung but hopefully disinfected...gross.  i wanted to go somewhere else and have a new pedicure done when I left!  Not to mention they changed the prices last minute.  Dont waste your time or money on this dump.  Horrible. Horrible. Horrible.
1	Ready for the creepiest customer service story ever?????The other day I had a not so great gel polish job there; kind of sloppy around the edges, a few little bumps and bubbles, etc. My tech clearly could not understand much English. The rate had been agreed when I came in: $20. When I went to pay at the front,  I said to the owner, Wendy, that I was not thrilled with how it looked, but I had to leave for school pickup. She said,   "OK, five dollar off." So I handed over $15.  She said, rudely, "No! You owe twenty! Extra for taking off your old polish!" I said that no, we had agreed on the price when I arrived and she saw that my nails needed polish removal.That was when she GRABBED my cell phone from off the counter and said, "You pay twenty or I keep your phone!" (!!!!!!!!) I calmly said to please give me my phone, I would pay her. After she handed it back, I said, " You cannot change the price after the service. I am not even happy with this, but I have still paid you. Goodbye."  No insults, no profanity, no yelling. I was holding her business card in my hand, and she grabbed roughly from my hand and crumbled it into a ball. (!!!!!) I had a few singles I had planned to walk back and give to the tech, but I was getting kind of nervous and upset.As I turned to go, she ran out in front of me and STEPPED ON MY FOOT! This caused me to lose my balance and my flip flop went spinning across the floor, and she kicked it even further. (!!!!!) Plus,  there were a few other customers in pedicure chairs watching, and I said, "Do you really want to do this? Assault a customer who has just paid you? Really?" Then another worker went up to her and spoke in Vietnamese, and she glared at me and said, " I call police on you! " I said to go ahead! She would be the one in trouble. But I was actually scared she was going to strike me!So I fled, heart pounding, with nails that look sub par. I would never return, obviously. Wendy should be ashamed of herself. That's  a pitiful way to run a business.
1	This was my "secret nail spot" for 2 years.... I went there and received good service.  My pedicure always looked nice and lasted a long time.  The scrub and massage was always decent.  I never had to make an appointment, and I never waited longer than 15 min.Things started to change.  I noticed that my 15 min wait had become 30 or 40 min.  Last time she made me wait an hour and a half.  I only stayed to see how long it would really be instead of the 15 min she had told me. The quality of the service also declined.  My polish stopped lasting as long, and it often looked sloppy.  She would try to charge me ridiculous amounts for the design on my big to that had always been free.Needles to say, I have found a place that appreciates my regular business.  I won't be going back to Wendy.
4	Walked in and was seen right away by Don for manicure and shellac polish. Everything was fantastic! Don was very professional and highly skilled at his "art". Plus loved his entire attitude and friendly demeanor! Would go back all the time if I lived here.
5	This place is the best , every two weeks my husband and I would go get pedis and manis, they are super clean and they take care of us both perfectly . The mani and pedi would last up to three to four weeks . If you're close by or is ever in town, check this place out
5	The best at removing ingrown nails.
1	Will never use Wendy's Nails.  I had been going to Wendy's for about two years.  I asked for Shellac nails, a relatively new product because it was not supposed to damage nails.  They assured me it was the real Shellac, but after my nails were ruined ( breaking, peeling), they admitted it was a knock off, and they had never been trained, nor did they have the real product.I went back for a pedicure. What a horrible experience!  Half way through my pedicure a doctor's wife came in and said that she was in a hurry.  My nail tech (Ann)stopped doing my pedicure and started working on her so she could have a mani and pedi at the same time.  Finally she came back and did a very poor job, even forgot to cut and file my right foot.  I don't think that one's profession or marriage should make any difference in the service one receives at a nail salon.  I am a doctor - I didn't feel it was necessary to let my nail tech know what my profession is so perhaps I would get better service.
5	I have been going to Wendy's since her salon opened 14 years ago. Ann has been my nail technician for the past 7 years. I have always had a very positive experience with Ann (& everyone else at the salon.) I have recommended the salon to many people who have become loyal customers like me. The work done here is very professional & the attitude of all the techs is very positive. Anything said to the contrary is surprising to me.
5	This is a fantastic nail place.i have come here for 13 plus years. They get you in and out quickly. The place is so clean you could eat off the floor. They are like family. You can get any designs you want on your toes or nails. Wendy's nails is simply the best!
1	I usually go to Biagio nails but they were booked so I decided to give Wendy's nails a try. I will never go back. It was night and day between the two places. My nails tech was continually trying to up sell me without telling me the price of anything. I am all about paying extra for a good experience however this was not. I asked for the sugar scrub and calluse remover. After she busted out this weeks newspaper to put under my feet...??? She went and got this cucumber lotion and was making a big deal about how good it smelled. Anyways she gave my my pedicure when I went to pay they said they only accepted cash tips. I ran to walgreens next door to get some cash. When I returned to give the nail tech my tip the man at the front desk told me he needed to charge me $10 on my card. When I asked why my nail tech came over and said it was because I got the calluse remover and the cucumber lotion...I agreed that I got the calluse remover and agreed to pay the as advertised price of $5 more however i explained I asked for the sugar scrub and did not receive that. All she kept talking about was the cucumber lotion. I toldher I didn't ask for the cucumber lotion she went and got that and I would have been fine with the lotion that was included. Again she never said the cucumber lotion was extra and I didn't receive the sugar scrub like I asked. I felt like she was just trying to get more money out of me and was not being honest. The massage was short and not relaxing. I will never return to Wendy's nails again. Next time I will wait until I can get into Biagio!
1	Those of us who spend their hard earned money on staying pretty by getting nail services, know that it's important to spend your money at a good quality place. The only good, pleasant nail tech is Don. He is pleasant and does a great job. Everyone else is rude and too fast when they do your nails. The owner Wendy is completely rude and treats you like crap. I was sitting in the chair waiting for Don to arrive and she told her staff to ask me to move so people wouldn't think there was a wait.  Then she went on to talk about me and another lady in the shop which made it very awkward. She is a horrible business owner. They rush you out and don't do a good job. I would suggest to try another nail salon!
1	I honestly wish I could give 0 stars! This place was horrible.I went in for a fill and they wanted to charge me $25 dollars just for a damn fill!!The owner i'm assuming told me they charge clients more if it takes longer to do their nails! What in the flying F?! I didn't even get my nails painted there. I begrudgingly paid the $25 dollars and went else where to get my nails finished.I honestly cannot believe this place or the fact they charge such a ridiculous price!Any other nail salon i have been to a full set cost 25 or more a a fill is at most 20 dollars including a style!NEVER EVER GO HERE!! You have seriously been warned!
2	When I went, my male manicurist took two smoking breaks in the middle of doing my nails! And then when I went back and got the same guy, he didn't even massage my shoulders?!? WTF?! The service was just outright horrible and I will never come back here again. The only reason I went back the second time in the first place was with a friend and her mother--unexpectedly to this place. Would not recommend.
