2	Lunch was okay. When ordering a burger for $8 to $9 they charge $1.75 extra for a modest handful of mediocre fries. Ala carte pricing for a basic burger basket felt like nickel-and-dime-ing the customer. Nice space. Sports bar area is quite large and no shortage TVs. Service was very friendly.
2	Had lunch during the Badger game today.  Service was VERY slow.  Food was skimpy portion and mediocre tasting.  Waunakee deserves better.
2	The search for the next great Waunakee dining spot continues...As a hungry denizen of the only Waunakee in the World, I'm constantly on the lookout for a passable dining option in our fair burg.  That increasingly futile search brought me to Lucky's the other day for lunch.Inside, it's your basic sports-themed bar and grill, with a lots of of Waunakee sports memorabilia on the walls.  If you are looking for a beer and a place to watch a game, you are in luck since the beer selection is pretty good and there are TVs throughout the facility.The menu follows the basic sports bar formula, with lots of deep fried appetizers, burgers, wraps and sandwiches.  I tried the cheese curds, which were too greasy and were served with a bland ranch dressing.  My entree was the corned beef Reuben sandwich served on a marble rye.  They were a little skimpy on the meat and there was too much 1000 island dressing, which soaked through the bread and made it the sandwich difficult to eat.  There was no crunch to the toast, so the texture of the meal was very unappealing.  Frankly, I've had a better Rueben at Culver's and paid a lot less for it there.The service was mediocre as well.  Our waitress showed up within a couple of minutes to get our drink order, but it took about 15 minutes to get our drinks and for her to take our lunch order even though there were only about a half dozen other diners eating lunch.  After the food arrived at our table, she did not check in to see how we were doing when we could have used a refill on our drinks.  When I flagged her down to get our check, it took another 10 minutes for the bill to arrive.The other annoyance were the flies that seemed to like my sandwich more than I did.  The staff were not proactive in dealing with this problem.So sadly, my search for that perfect bite in Waunakee continues as I can not recommend Lucky's until they upgrade their menu and their service staff.
4	Been here a number of times and thought the beer was cold and food was good. No complaints about the service. Glad to have more options in waunakee.
3	Your typical sports bar TV overload.  Just fine.
5	Love that place, great tap beer, food and interior.
4	Time to try Luckys again -- had Saturday prime rib and it was good - adjust for this being a sports bar and it was great! Last several visits I can see real improvements in the quality of the food. Fish fry, chicken strips, prime rib and even a steak have been really good. Ok not a Ruth's Chris or wonderbar steak but it was very good for a sports bar.
3	Knew this place opened a bit back, and stopped here for lunch a couple of months ago.  Meal was adequate.As the first stop on out summer Saturday dinner trek, and since we enjoy Lucky's on Regent, we found our way here, and wished we hadn't.Sports bar in Waunakee, on a slow sports night.Typical sports bar fare.  Nothing special.  I had the warrior burger and spouse had the chicken caesar salad.Not great and not awful, but no different than all the other places like this and was missing the general buzz and ambience of the Lucky's on Regent.Doubtful would return, but given their only uniqueness is the wood fired pizza, would have to try that.
1	Beautiful patio. Great experience until I ordered food ( luckily I was ignored the first 2 hours I was here & got my own drinks!). The nachos were tortilla chips  with a little cheese sauce, a cut up hamburger & 3 little tomato slices. The pretzels were hard as a rock & everything was ice cold. Manager apologized for the food & bought a drink for the one male in our group, ignored the two females with an empty glass sitting in front of us. Finally called the manager over, explained our issues & his exact words "Sorry I suck at customer service", he then got up & walked away from out table. I will never be back!!
1	Came with a group of 15. We thought this place is pretty big, they should be able to accommodate us. Took an hour and half to get our food. I had pizza, which was burnt on the bottom. I felt had it not been burnt it would of been pretty good. One person in the group had the tuna steak which was way over cooked.  Very dry and tough. The philly was mediocre.  The fish fry was luke warm, and nothing to write home about. The nachos were good from what i heard. I will say out waitress was very good and on top of it. Kudos for here.
2	Baked cod was pretty good. But the service was terrible.  Neither the host or the server knew what the happy hour special was. And when we finally found out, it was pretty weak.....$0.50 off rails and domestic taps. Boring!!!  Looks like a fun place to watch a have if you can't watch it at home. But we will never go there again.
