1	Went to the monroeville location using a groupon for the free tooth whitening.  The first visit, they said i had cavities that needed filled...ok...so I got them filled the same day....and they weren't filled smoothly!!  I had to come back to get the filling smoothed out because they left a ridge and it was bothering my mouth!! they also said i needed MI paste (for $30 from them when online it's ~$15)....ok...so i got that as well not knowing it was something I could get outside of the officeI had to come back in for deep cleaning.  When i got there however and went through the process, the "deep cleaning" didn't seem like a deep cleaning at all.  The initial cleaning the first day seemed more thorough and hurt longer. They did all four quadrants in one session, no novicaine (which if you've had a deep cleaning before...it HURTS.....I needed the nitrous oxide the last time I had one.....and it hurt for multiple weeks after as well when I went before).  One of my friends that also has had deep cleanings also said that they're painful and hurt for days afterwards.  This one instead didn't hurt except when i was poked a few times, and i was fine to eat/etc right afterwards.While getting the deep cleaning the hygenist (because I never saw the dentist except for the fillings when in the past I saw them for deep cleanings as well) said that my mouth was much better and that she thought the pockets (the reason for the deep cleaning) were probably false pockets, that my mouth was much better than the previous month, that I probably didn't need the deep cleaning and that no antibiotic would be needed...maybe if I came in next time I would need them.  So I got a deep cleaning that I may not have needed, didn't feel like a deep cleaning, and set me back $900....in about an hour (they also usually take longer)Poor experiences multiple times...oh--and never met Carl.
5	I have been going to the Mt. Lebanon location for several years.  I have had veneers put on my upper teeth and later had the lower teeth done.  I can not believe the ease of the procedure (and I am a coward).  The veneers look great and Dr. Medgaus and his staff are wonderful.  I continue to go twice a year for cleanings.  I would highly recommend Dr. Medgaus.
1	If you are fearful of going to the dentist, or if you put off going to the dentist for financial reasons, do not go to him! He will lecture you for not going. His bedside manner is terrible. I didn't appreciate the sarcastic comment "See you in 2020" as he left the room.  Will not go back. Instead I will find a dentist who is sensitive to my fear of pain.UPDATE 12/18/2013:So I went to another dentist to get my gum fillings filled (which he put in back in 2006 and informed me I needed to have them done again last week). Guess what, I DON'T NEED TO HAVE THEM FILLED! The dentist informed me that Sensodyne should solve the problem. He told me that there isn't a whole near my gum line so the procedure is unnecessary, and if it Sensodyne doesn't help they have a special sealant they can use on me in the future (lasts only 9 months). No drilling! So I basically saved myself over a hundred dollars and two shots of novicane.  I'm so, so angry with myself for letting him convince me to do these "fillings" 6 years ago when all I needed was a special toothpaste! Not only did they ridicule me for waiting 4 years to get my teeth cleaned, they also ridiculed me for putting off these so-called gum fillings.  To find out that I didn't need to have them done in the first place is infuriating! His lecturing was completely unnecessary! I've never seen a medical professional so money hungry before in my life.  Very, very unhappy with his service!
