4	Excellent draft beer selection. Over 50 beers on tap. Friendly, attractive bartenders. Great new venue in the heart of downtown Phoenix. Upper level, overlooking the Cityscape. Live comedy theater next door.
4	Superb job by the Copper Blues staff during last night's grand opening. The crowd was asses to elbows but we never waited terribly long for snacks or drinks. When you consider it was a hosted bar and the girls probably weren't making a ton of money in tips their effort becomes even more admirable. If you like a beer selection that runs 60+ deep, eclectic music, a killer patio with Downtown views, and wading in a sea of attractive people, odds are strong you'll have a good experience at Copper Blues. It really is a beautiful space with exposed ceilings, rich wood floors, gorgeous bars areas, and sumptuous attended bathrooms. Aaron May's menu is still a bit of an unknown based on last night's samplers but it's hard to doubt the man responsible for so many restaurant successes (Vitamin T, Over Easy, Mabel's On Main, etc.). The big man was in attendance last night overseeing the finger food service, which included caprese on crackers (meh), meatballs (strong), tuna tartare (spicy and delicious) and sweet pea guacamole (five stars). I'm looking forward to getting busy with one of his entrees soon.Copper Blues is a big win for Downtown.
5	first and foremost, i was glad to see so many choices of beers which was the main reason my friends and i came. i wish they had more double or imperial ipa"s which i love. we all had a great conversation with all the wait staff and bartenders. what most impressed me was how knowledgeable some of the girls were on the beers and their recommendations. i dont expect them to have tasted every beer so the 1.00 shooters are a great way to try different beers. the food we tried was really good, the burrata with almond honey and flatbread. we ran out of bread and had plenty burrata left and the staff was nice enough to bring us extra bread, no charge. nice touch, dont want to mention names but was very appreciated. very nice upscale bar decor and atmosphere without the attitude. local beers are featured and i suggest craft beer lovers give this place a try. things are looking up for dowtown cityscape and wish much success to copper blues!
4	Why, hello Copper Blues, it's nice to meet you! I joined a good friend of mine for the opening this past week and had pretty decent experience. Let's just dive right in shall we?The Atmosphere: my friend and I were lucky enough to grab a booth in the bar, since it was literally standing room only. The booths are very comfortable cushion wise, however since the place was very very busy, it made it hard to get out of the booth once you got in the booth. It seems that the tables have been placed too close together to comfortably move about during peak dining hours. I'm only about 115 lbs and I had to excuse myself to the woman at the table next to me every time I wanted to get out from behind the table, not to mention climbing over purses etc due to proximity. The musician that was playing on stage provided a lighthearted atmosphere, with acoustics that didn't blow your eardrums out either. Nicely done. Also, I love the lighting scheme, and the views from the patio. The Food: For the opening event we were lucky enough to be able to try various samples of food. I loved the green pea guacamole, the filet bites and the mac and cheese of course. Since we only got to try the sample sizes, I found myself definitely wanting more. I cannot wait to go back and try a full plate! I ordered a glass of the house Cabernet and suffice it to say I think I'll get something else next time. The cab lacked the full bodied flavor I was looking for and actually tasted very sweet for some reason. Anyhow, that is shame on me for ordering wine in a beer-oriented place. The Servers: I found that the servers were all very nice, but hopefully over the coming weeks they work on their flow. Since Copper Blues is connected to Stand Up Live comedy theater, you can bet that every night prior to a show it IS going to be very busy just as it was for the opening. That being said, they did not offer the full menu or specialty cocktails for the opening, which will undoubtedly make the servers job more challenging on a busy night. The servers will need to work on their speed and organization if they are truly going to be able to keep the customers happy with their serving time. For the opening, I found that I had what I call a "ninja" server. I would order a drink, and just as I was getting to the point of "Where in the heck did my server go to get my cocktail", all of a sudden it would magically appear on the table and I would see the server walking away. Very nice server, seemed to be knowledgeable about the products, just a strange flow.
5	Good joint with awesome band...don't forget the hot wait staff with the cool hats...
4	Got to check out the cool bar that is Copper Blues. They've got something like 60 beers on tap and live music! The bar itself is just a nice bar, great place to have a beer. The windows overlooking city scape actually pull down so you can have a cold beer al fresco. The staff was friendly and the drinks were well priced (I think $6 for most beers). The only drawback I had was I ordered a mixed beer that was supposed to be blue moon and milk stout but they couldn't get the milk stout to work, so they just substituted Guinness for it. I still drank it, but would have liked them to ask if I minded. Not a huge deal, just a bit presumptuous. Overall cool place to have a beer, nice addition to Cityscape.
5	We stopped in to Copper Blues on Friday night after a Mercury game at the US Airways Center.  Fantastic place!  Unbelievable beer selection, great views of downtown and an excellent band the night that we were there made for a really great downtown experience.  Will definitely be back again soon!
3	Aside from their exaggerated number of brews on draft and one marvelous view of the city, not much else alleviates the whole experience of an unmemorable suburban-flop-house-meets-swanky-airport-bar that is Copper Blues.
5	I'm from Denver and I am not loving it, maybe because it's a holiday and no one is here, but this place totally won me over. It's empty but everyone here is nice, and Linz is fantastic. I am a beer nerd and she hit it out out of the park on the first try. Incredible selection, fun people, and good music (sublime, incubus, and rockin the casbah in the first hour).
4	Very cool place - lots of beer on draft, great band playing Saturday night when we were there, and cool atmosphere!
4	Finally another downtown lunch option.  I'm viewing this as the "in-between" place, in-between Arrogant Butcher's heavy on the lawyer, heavy on the political scene diners, and in-between "Celtic-Hooters", I mean, Tilted Kilt upstairs.  The food menu is interesting, a lot of appetizers.  Not enough salads for my taste. Compared to Arrogant Butcher and likely Tilted Kilt, the menu has less salads and less fried foods, but it'll be hard to find something healthy to eat.  It veers towards the comfort food side, with options like chili with cornbread souffle, and flatbreads served with burrata fondue.  There are a few flat bread options on the menu which is their version of pizza.  The day I went, the lunch room was busy. (You enter in through the a lobby shared with Stand Up Live).  Didn't get a chance to try out their amazing beer selection, will have to try that out the next time I'm here for a show.  The management and service is very friendly.  (Not in a scary way, just in a "I really want to enjoy your experience way).  This is in sharp contrast to the service at Lucky Strike across the way which I've found to be downright rude at times.  Keeping my fingers crossed that they continue to do well.
3	I like the idea of this place - live music, fun to sit at before you see a comedy show next door. The food was tasty. My only complaint is that the service was ssssslllllooooooowwww. It took over an hour to get our appetizer of chips. They were delicious, but it should not have taken an hour. Other than that, great beer selection on tap. Hopefully the service improves with time.
4	A very extensive tap beer selection and the menu features several delicious small-plate apps. I had cheese puffs and the shrimp appetizer and both were prepared beautifully and with good, interesting flavors. Service is not intrusive and the use of space and seating is comfortable and upscale. I was not fortunate enough to see live music, but the stage is positioned well for good viewing. I will make it back here when I am in the downtown area.
4	Excellent draft beer selection. Over 50 beers on tap. Friendly, attractive bartenders. Great new venue in the heart of downtown Phoenix. Upper level, overlooking the Cityscape. Live comedy theater next door.
4	Dined on a Friday night during happy happy hour. They have a well priced limited menu that includes food and drinks. The resturant offers shaded cool patio space or resturant seating. The resturant seating had live music. My guest and I sat on the patio. We had to wait 15mins before someone asked us what we wanted to drink. This resturant does not have the 2 min rule like most resturants do for a server to greet you. The surrounding tables had the same experience. The resturant was not to busy just not enough servers.The menu is limited but has a great variety of options to choose from for all dietary needs. I am not a beer drinker but my guest who joined me was VERY impressed by all the different brands. I ordered the Sasuage, Peppers, and Tomato Jam Flatbread. It was good. My friend ordered the same thing but his came about 20 mins after mine did. The server knew we were not splitting the dish but for some reason it took forever to come out. What appeared to a be a manager dropped of his flatbread with no apology or sorry it took so long. We both enjoyed it! For a place that is not known as a pizza parlor I was truy impressed. All the food that walked by our table was nicely presented and looked really great. We will go back to try the other well priced options they offer. I will mention they validate parking for up to 3 hours which is nice. Parking is in the same building.
2	Stopped by here one night when i was hanging with some friends.  I found the bar tenders to be rather rude and not interested in helping the customer.    The venue is really cool and does have a great vibe but bad customer service isn't worth it.
4	[Solid 3 stars for food and 4...dare I say 5 stars for ambiance] Sooo slacking on my reviews....I have been here a few times. Mostly to drink but I have been here to eat too. They have over 60 beers on tap and others in bottles. Wines and a full bar are also available. I really love their patio with is mostly enclosed and well ventilated with ceiling fans but if you need to be cooler go into the main bar area and enjoy the entertainment from a live band or karaoke (with a live band) that sits up behind the taps at the main bar. I have found the servers to be rather attentive and friendly. But each time I have been there they have not been "slammed". The last time I ate here I tried their beets and greens salad with candied pecans. I would have preferred the goat cheese crumbled on the salad with the pecans and not watered down in the "dressing" that coated the salad. It would have been much better with a light champagne or even balsamic vinaigrette. Underwhelmed and slightly disappointed I ate the beets out of my salad and half the greens. It was quite a generous portion. My dining companions both opted for the pulled pork Cuban sandwich, which they both seemed to enjoy. I work and live near by and I have and will continue to go back and enjoy my occasional happy hour, lunch or late night at Copper Blues....
4	4 stars for the atmosphere and live band.  Don't come with an appetite.  Saying the food menu is limited is an understatement.  Avoid the ribs in their Bigger Bites menu.  (See picture of ribs and my hungry hulk-like friend in the blue shirt.)  However, the manager on duty was really nice and made sure my friend didn't leave hungry.  Overall, good environment and friendly staff.
4	There's just something about this bar that made me love it from the second I stepped foot inside. Maybe it's because it is a glimpse of what downtown Phoenix could be: a hot spot for the night life scene. CityScape offers a very real potential for revival of social activity in the heart of the city, and Copper Blues is off to a good start!My wife and I went on a Saturday night. We live right down the street, so we had to see if it was worth adding to our list of hangouts. The vibe was very casual, hip and festive. They offer around 50 beers on tap, some delicious small plates (and some larger ones), and live entertainment! That night we tried the Filet Bites, paired perfectly with a creamy horseradish sauce, and knocked back a few beers while enjoying a band playing some great covers! The prices were a bit higher than surrounding local bars, but it was well worth it to enjoy a more upbeat night in a NICE setting!
4	I wound up here because Tilted Kilt was full and I am so glad I did. I had a great time here and am sad that I left to go back to Tilted Kilt later on. I went on a Thursday at 6:30pm. They had live band karaoke and the crowd was fun and lively. I have never seen so many beers on tap in one place in Central Phoenix so needless to say I think I've found my new downtown post-work watering hole. The bartenders are friendly and attentive and it's just a cool place to hang out. I have to go back to the beer selection again because it really is breathtaking. There are SO many choices it will take you a while to decide which one you want. The Breckenridge Vanilla Porter is AWESOME!!!  Another great addition to Cityscape.
4	Copper Blues is a great addition to downtown Phoenix restaurants and bars. With over 60 beers on tap and live music, this is a great place to hang out with friends. I tried the Mac n' cheese made with beer and recommend it. I will be back!
5	Officially our new hang out spot. We have been the last 3 Saturdays in a row! The atmosphere is great and we love the live music. Plus, 65+ beers on tap and great food! They also rotate the bands nicely...each Saturday (out of the last 3) they have had a different band. The one last night was great...never seen a lead singer play the drums before!
4	Really enjoyed this place.  Went there before a comedy show at Stand Up Live.  Apparently, you get the hook up if you are going to a show.  We got a hand held seating buzzer for priority seating in the show room.  Nice!The filet with horseradish app is delicious but the horseradish is on the weak side.  Great beer selection and the waitress we had was great.  Very attentive.  We will definitely be back.
4	I've been getting pretty beer-y for awhile now, and LOVING Copper Blues! With their ridiculous selection of beers on tap and $1 beer shots during happy hour, I am able to sample a wide variety of craft and local brews or a fancy and more whimsical (to me, haha) beer blend and not break my bank. I love the beer shots for sample tasting, and also for the reason that you don't have to be a decider, because I'm really not. Order 4 different brews and if you don't like one, it's only a buck and you don't have to disappointedly chug down  of a pint. The House Chips on the HH menu are freshly made kettle-style potato chips drizzled with hot sauce and cheese... I was skeptical but now I can't walk in without ordering them. I haven't actually dined here, just grazed during HH. Friends have liked the flatbread pizzas here, and it seems to be the consensus. All of the waitresses I have been served by are pretty good about suggesting a choice, or describing something on their menu, though you probably wouldn't guess it by looking at them. I swear I'm not being rude, it's just a nice surprise when a waif-like blonde girl with those dumb feather extensions has something of substance to say about a stout.Also, their stage set-up for live music is awesome. It is directly behind all the taps at the indoor bar (or stage bar) and gives the whole room a great view of whoever is wailing. Plus, Vinyl Station plays here, so that's pretty much an instant 50 pt bonus.For the most part, I love where downtown Phx is going with the whole CityScape thing. Copper Blues is now one of my go-to places for an after work drink or a weekend night out downtown. We actually got to try this place before they officially opened as they participated in the Spring Fling pub crawl even though their grand opening wasn't until the following weekend. The waitress gets bonus points since she successfully coerced one of my party members to try a local beer rather than the Coors Light he ordered, and he liked it!
4	Good drinks, great food, and cool music. There is a stage right behind the bar. We tried the Fingerling Potatoes in Tomato Jam and it was fantastic.. I recommend.
4	I have only been here once, on an early Sunday evening after a few friends and I walked over after a D-Backs game. It was before the evening comedy show crowd arrived. This is the reason I listed noise as average, as I wasn't there when live music was playing. I like the setup of the place, with an outer bar area in an all glass area; gorgeous view of downtown. The interior bar, like the outer bar, has over 50 (I think around 60) taps. They have everything from your mass-brewed American lagers/pilsners (PBR, Bud, Coors, Miller, etc) and a good selection for the beer geek/snob (Sierra Nevada, Stone, Dogfish Head, etc). If you (over several visits) choose to consume one of each, you get two VIP tickets to Stand-Up Live (the attached comedy club). The interior bar area has some different style seating arrangements (booths that face towards the bar, high seat tables, and a nice wraparound bar by all the taps. There are a couple of TVS for sporting events and whatnot, but this is meant more for background sites than to be that place you go to hear the commentators during a game (I don't get the impression this place is meant to be the hangout during the game, but a great after game spot). The food was very good, we had a cheese pizza with sun-dried tomatoes, basil oil (tasty). We also got to try a Cuban sandwich pizza; that's right, if you love the pork, cheese (Swiss), and pickles of a Cuban sandwich, you will LOVE this pizza. Overall the beer and food rate from a 4-5. The owner (who spoke to me and my friends about our first impressions), Peder the head chef, and the on duty manager (Michelle?) were very friendly and answered all our questions. Breanne (sp?) was a very nice, and knowledgeable server. All of the waitstaff was very nice to my friends and I, even when we started to wear out our welcome. I enjoyed my time here and look forward to going back to complete my beer list. I want to come here during a lunch, and during live music/weekend to make sure I have a complete picture of the place before giving it a five. However, my first impressions are that I will ultimately do just that.
4	They had a bit of a rocky start in my opinion, but each week they improve. I generally end up here for happy hour every Thursday with my school and always end up enjoying myself. The servers are attractive and attentive, the drinks tasty and the karaoke entertaining. Bathrooms are clean (they fixed their wonky toilet seats) and they now have a bathroom attendant that sells assorted goods and gives you towels (classy ^.^).Fun place for happy hour!
4	Copper Blues has become my go-to place downtown. Let me share some observations:Pros:1. Love the feel of this place. The design of the stage behind the bar with the tap handles on full display is pretty awesome.2. Enclosed outdoor patio (never good at describing these things) is well designed. Less noise from the band out here. Great view of Downtown. Few more TVs if you want to watch the game.3. The beer selection is fantastic. Over 60 beers on tap. They will have the beer you are looking for, including some local brews on tap. 4. If you sign up for their Around the World Beer challenge, you get credit for each different beer you try. Try all 60 or 64 (can't remember exactly) and you get 2 free VIP tickets to a StandUp Live Show (which is right next door).5. Solid food choices. Filet bites, Burger, and Cuban Pork Pizza (which may have been a special item for the day) are excellent.Cons:1. If it is really busy (usually right before a comedy show starts), you may want to head to the bar and order your drink. Drink service at the tables has been slow at times. As a result I can't quite award that fifth star.2. This isn't a problem for me since I live nearby and walk here, but if you are coming here after 8pm, skip the parking garage and find a spot on the street, west of 1st Ave usually has some spaces. Somehow, someway, everyone who comes to CityScape seems to have to fork out a small fortune for parking in the garage. There also can be a line if a show has just ended.
3	This place has potential - 60 beers on tap, live music, cocktails and food! I like the fact that there was no cover charge and that the food and drinks are reasonably priced.  The stage is set up in a pretty awesome way - behind all the beers. With all the great things going for it, a few things felt off...for starters, the band playing was not the band listed on their website.  It wasn't even a bluesy band - just some rock cover band! I was wanting to kick back with some blues that evening, but instead got a cover of "Your Sex is on Fire." Also, what is up with the pea guacamole??! There is NO avocado in it (literally, its not just me being picky) - it is just mashed up peas with onions and garlic and lime.  I think that qualifies as a yummy pea DIP, but with guac, you need some avocado!
4	Great addition to the CityScape lineup!  This is a big place with TONS of beers on tap, sweet cushy leather seats and friendly employees.  So far I've only been for happy hour, which is great because they offer deep discounts on local beers.  I'm definitely looking forward to sampling some of the food options.  My one complaint - most of the songs we heard here (I've yet to see a live band here) were horribly outdated top 40 hits that I wish I had forgotten about.  Clearly that's a matter of taste though ;)Looking forward to going back!
1	I've been here twice - the first time, almost all of the local brews on tap were out. I tried to order more than 4 local brews, and they were completely tapped out. They only had the worst beers available. The second time I was there, I wanted to eat. They said that they were a "tapas restaurant" and only had small offerings. I got their baked shrimp for $12, and it was disgusting and small. I also ordered a diet coke, and it was completely flat when I got it. It was incredibly frustrating, and the service was terrible. I love City Scape, but if you're in the mood for a great place with good beers and drinks, either go to Tilted Kilt or Arrogant Butcher...this place won't last.
4	We have been here a few times before comedy shows and have always been happy with the service, drinks and food.Copper Blues is a fairly large place that sits next to Stand Up Live.  One of the nice things is that you can buy a drink here and take it to SUL.  Though it doesnt count as your two drink minimum.  Their appetizers are pretty tasty.  We ordered their beef tips which were delicious and also an order of their wings.  The wings were ok, but nothing fancy.  My only beef would be that when a live rock band goes on, they forget that it's a restaurant/bar and crank the volume as if they were in a 20,000 person arena.Over all good place and we always go here before a show.
5	Live cover band, fantastic drinks and tasty sweet photo chips and other yummy appetizers in cast iron ware! So cute. This place is awesome for a Saturday night with friends. An array of beer selection on tap.
5	Absolutely loved this place! I am a huge fan of live music & a big beer snob, so I was thrilled to find a great band & a huge craft beer selection at this funky joint! Service was friendly and quick, we'll be back for sure!
3	SO I was downtown taking pictures of "First Friday", then attended a meeting for #OccupyPhoenix. After I figured before I hop onto the light rail back to my vehicle I'd stop in here for a beer, a fellow co-worker recommended this place to me.  When you walk in, there are about 60-70 bers on top, VERY attractive to a "beer connoisseur" as myself. I ended up just happening to talk to the bartender "gabby" who actually I know from my side of town, (the north west side of town). I did not eat here, just had a few different IPA's and watched 2 bands played, very decent place if you're downtown.
4	Very nice happy hour spot!! Located beside Stand Up Live with a great view into the city Copper Blues is your happy hour destination.Delicious food at a reasonable price, live music, nice crowd, strong drinks what more can you ask for?
4	Pricey, but a lot of craft and seasonal beers!
5	This place is a blast. They have a huge draft beer selection, live music, and it's huge. I used to go out a lot in Scottsdale and Tempe, back in my hay day. If you bumped into someone or somebody bumped into you, which was inevitable, the other guys seemed to always want to fight you. At Copper Blues everyone is out to have a good time, listen to great music, and have a few quality drinks. I didn't try any of their food, but the atmosphere, the drinks, and the music will definitely encourage me to come back again.
4	60 beers on tap... what else do i need to say? ok- ill say more.  They are on the second floor at Cityscape downtown and the bar has a enclosed patio area that overlooks the downtown area.  The inside bar has live bands, open mic, and jazz on different nights of the week.  More of an upscale bar that a business person goes to after work with friends i wouldnt categorize this as a "night club".  Again 60 beers on tap.
2	I had been here once before and the food was pretty good and I love all the beers but the music was WAY too loud - couldn't hear my friends talk. I went there last night before a comedy show and there were many empty tables but after an hour of waiting I got just 1 beer and had to run down to 5 guys and scarf down a burger. So food and beers are good but service isn't.
2	I would like to mention first, this could have EASILY been a three- or four-star review.  My bf and I went on the Friday before Halloween, which was 80s night and I liked the live music; HOWEVER, our server never put in our dinner and we were on a tight time-frame to get to the Louis CK show down the street.  I loved the atmosphere of the place.  The menu was extremely selective, which kinda sucked but I can't even say whether or not the food was any good because we never got it :\  Nice beer selection though
1	Not a very well run establishment. Came here twice and won't be back.  The service was less than mediocre. I had left something behind on my last visit, went back for it, was told they didn't have it but I left my number just incase it came up. I got a call in the middle of the night from someone's cell later that night telling me they found it. Then I got a few butt-dials from the same person around 3 am! Not very professional.  And when I went back days later to pick it up, was told they didn't have it. No apology, no explanation- nothing. I asked for manager & told her what happened and even gave her number of the employee that had called me. Manager never even got back to me. What a joke.
4	I didnt get to eat here since we came in on a pub crawl but this place looks very very cool.Lots of great beers on tap, the staff seemed friendly, good band playing.
4	Great semi-local spot in the corporately developed "heart" of downtown Phx. Impressed by the selection of draught beers of course, but the kicker was how quickly they stocked up on Phoenix Ale Brewery which just opened relatively recently. Fair happy hour and comfortable staff.  I'd like to see a little more risk taking as far as hours and specials, this could be a staple in the downtown community if they play their cards right... we'll see.
3	No more fingerling potato appetizer? :[ Been here about 4 times. It is a hit or miss with service. They have decent drinks though, nothing amazing, just decent. Their salads are big sized portions and very delicious. I think what makes us continue to go here is happy hour prices with the pretty view from the side bar...
2	Wow. The Jersey Shore meets the Real Housewives of Scottsdale. This was our second stop of the night, and maybe because the first stop was so cool it made Copper Blues all the more lame.I'm looking around and I'm seeing popped collars, gelled hair, really dark eyeliner, Ed Hardy and Uggs with leggings. Seriously? People still dress this way?I will say, they have an amazing selection of beers on tap; about 60, plus a large selection of bottles as well.The reason we came here in the first place was for the live music. Above the bar is a stage for a band but unfortunately, there was a "DJ" last night. This guy sure was moving around a lot like he was doin stuff and having a grand ole time, but I have no idea what he was actually mixing. He just played Top 40 songs from start to finish. So. Lame. Picture this if you will. 40something MILF wearing a mini dress with a slit down the back and thigh high stockings grinding on your dad. They were basically dry humping one another in the middle of the bar. If you're that old, can't you just go home and bone? I don't get it.This is definitely not my scene and I will never return.
3	Initial impression was that this place was awesome - a ton of tap bears, great music, a kind of stage behind the bar for the DJ, lots of people everywhere dancing and hanging out, and what looked like a pretty kick-ass outside bar.Upon further review - this is just a haven for douche bags.  Andrea hit the nail on the head - totally Jersey Shore, although I think the people here were more Jersey Shore wannabes.  I'll go back again in case it was just a weird night.  Who am I fooling, they do have some great beers - I'll definitely be back.
4	I found this place to have a great beer selection and some pretty good music.  I plan on going back
5	If it's a Saturday night, then it's likely you'll find me at Copper Blues. With 64 beers on tap, ranging from locals to domestics to seasonals, there's a brew for everybody! They even carry Red Bridge in the bottle, which is great for us Gluten-Free'ers! There are cover bands every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday night, and you never quite know what you're going to get! The food is amazing! If you're a mac 'n cheese fan, you would be amiss not to experience this dish. They're also happy to make minor substitutions to swap out pita bread with corn chips for us gluten sensitive people. So while many items on the menu may not be gluten-free friendly, the staff seems happy to substitute.You can always find a table inside or outside, and the service is always great.
2	The two stars are for the food. We shared a bleu cheese burger and the wedge salad along with the potato chip appetizer.  While I do think it would be difficult to mess up said items, they were very good.  Then again, perhaps it was only the depth of my hunger pangs that had me thinking so....We dined on a Friday night before a Suns game a couple weeks ago. Since it was a busy day and time, we gave ourselves ample time to enjoy our meal.  What lured me into Copper Blues was its upstairs location which provided a beautiful view and the live music seeping out the open windows of the patio.  This place looked like the perfect spot for a beer and a burger on that mild January evening. And if the service weren't so poor, it would be. When we arrived at Copper Blues, there was one couple in front of us at the hostess stand and a large sign that said 'Please Wait to be Seated'.  We obliged.  We waited and waited.  There was not a host in sight so finally the couple in front of us flagged a server down who promptly sat them.  By this time, there were a few more parties in line behind us.  The server, having seen the line that had formed, I assumed would alert the necessary staff and/or return to seat the rest of us still there waiting, but she did not.  Again, we waited.  Five more minutes went by until finally, we flagged down security and he sat us- at a dirty table.  It was quickly cleaned and a smiley and sweet server approached us within a few minutes and asked for our drink order.  We ordered a beer and 2 waters.  We got the beer, about five minutes later, and only one water.  We elected to share it and not complain.  We ordered another beer and the appetizer- potato chips and an onion and sour cream dipping sauce.  She returned about 10 minutes later with the beer and we put in our burger and salad.  Then, we did what I was beginning to see was a theme at Copper Blues- we waited.  The appetizer, which was an item that did not need to even be cooked, took 30 minutes. Then, a full hour after placing our order, our burger came out- with chips instead of fries.  We accepted it anyway and did not complain.  The salad had been forgotten but she assured us it could be out quickly.  The sweet server apologized once more. It was 10 minutes till tip off now.  We hurried through our meal and left just in time to miss only a minute or two of the game. Phew.When we attended the Suns game the next Friday night, we went to Tilted Kilt instead.  There was not an unrealistic wait for the food and we didn't miss a minute of the game.
4	This is my new favorite place to go to at the new City Scape in downtown Phoenix. The food, drinks, music, and atmosphere are all great. Copper Blues is the perfect decision for pre-show drinks and dinner. The restaurant is attached to the Stand Up Live comedy club and this past weekend my girlfriend and I met up with another couple at the restaurant before seeing Stephen Rannazzisi. For an appetizer we all really enjoyed the French Onion Dip with some BBQ potato chips, despite my girlfriend's hesitation to order this dish since it was "something you can easily pick up at the grocery store." For the main course three of us got the Copper Blues Burger, which has cheddar cheese, hickory bacon, roasted onions and tomato jam. Usually I'd do without the tomato jam, but I figured the hell with it and kept it on. I ordered it medium rare and it was cooked to perfection. I have to say, I wasn't expecting it, but I was blown away by this burger and I'm definitely adding it to my list of best burgers in Phoenix. My friend's wife had the Caprese sandwich. Pretty standard, but it looked very good. All sandwiches came with a side of their house made BBQ chips, which we all ended up using to dip in the left over French Onion Dip. For the beer aficionados there are over 60 beers on tap. Check out their extensive list here:  http://copperblueslive.com/page.cfm?id=1028Me? I'll take a Coors Light.
5	I am not one to hang out in Downtown Phoenix before or after an event because quite frankly it's boring.  However, when I visited Copper Blues on 2/4/12 prior to the comedy show next door I will definitely be hanging out after events.Here's Why ... They have a live band and over sixty beers on tap.  It's a nice cozy environment especially if you sit outside.  Budweiser drafts were only $5 and soda was only $3.  We didn't try their food but I hear the same owner owns both Copper and Stand Up Live so I am sure the kitchen is the same so I am confident in saying that the food is delicious because it was at Stand Up Live.Happy hour is 4PM to 7PM Sun-Thurs so its basically perfect when any event is taking place during on those days.On this Satuday night people were having a good time.  The draft beer was perfect and fresh.  The music was good and the bartender was real friendly and answered all of our questions cheerfully.We had such a great time that me and my wife are going back to Copper Blues on 2/23/12 to hang out and drink with friends prior to our comedy show next door.This is a nice spot and you have to check it out especially if you are going to the show next door !
3	This is definitely a great spot to stop for a drink.  They have a huge beer selection and their signature drinks are excellent, but a little pricey.  We grabbed dinner here before the comedy show, and were both pretty pleased with our meals.  We started with the Spinach dip, just okay, nothing special.  For dinner I ordered the flat bread with Goat cheese, fig and honey. It was super tasty, but a little too sweet for dinner. When we left the comedy show I ran in to use the restroom, and there was a live band playing. They sounded great and the guests looked like they were having a good time, made me want to go back.  Overall experience was, good, not great, but worth going back and giving it another try!
4	BEERS!GOOD ONES! ON TAP!LOTS OF THEM!BOOBIES!FAKE ONES!ON THE SERVERS!MOST OF THEM!(oh yeah, and music and comedy and food and stuff too)
2	Average.  I went for dinner, not drinks, and the food was unimpressive.  The bloody mary was served with a slim jim straw, which was different to say the least.  It seems this place is all about image, but not about substance.
4	went for apps & drinks before the symphony.Lots of great beers to choose from. Beer Mac & Cheese with bacon incredible enough for 2. Staff was friendly & service great
2	Good selection of beers.  Hummus was weird.  Onion dip and guac were better but not outstanding.  Why two stars?  Service was awful.  More than 10 minutes of servers walking past us and saying nothing until we stopped one that had walked passed us a handful of times.   We asked if we had a server and her reply was "well i can be."  Thanks.  Hope we aren't puting you out. It was downhill from there.  Forgot order and incorrect check, no management.  Looks like the inmates run the prison.    0 stars for service, 4 for beer and ambience.  Better options downtown.
4	The boy and I finally check this place out last night. It was everything I imagined it to be. Great view from the semi-outdoors bar area, lots of beers on tap, and nice patio area. It was a Monday night so they weren't very busy, which was nice, I wasn't in the mood for a crowed. When checking out their menu online I saw they have my favorite beer on tap, SeaDog Wild Blueberry. It was delicious! Completely different on draft, but yummy all the same. They also had an Apple Cider on draft, my pick over a pear cider any day, that I could have in my Black Velvet (cider and Guinness). I was a happy camper. Only downer was that they closed a bit earlier than we would have liked, but no worries we will just have to come back again soon to try some more beers. The bartender was great, she let us try anything we wanted before committing to a full on pint. I tried to get the boy to be adventurous, but he stuck with the Stella, not bad at all, just a little boring. Oh well ;-)I am looking forward to checking out Stand-Up Live soon as well, and the live bands they have at Copper Blue. I also hear they ahve a pretty awesome Ladies night on Thursdays, saweet! Menty menty more trips in my future, I can just see it. :-)
2	Good food, great beer selection, really bad service.  This place is in desperate need of an overhaul of its operations - especially at the lunch hour.  Copper Blues has become a ghost town during the Phoenix lunch hour while restaurants around it thrive.  Service simply takes too long for a typical business lunch.  Despite the lack of crowds, servers are inattentive, food takes forever to come out of the kitchen, and at times the entire staff seems to disappear into back rooms.
4	Copper Blues is still the best place in Phoenix for draft brews. Cooper Blues is better than the Yard House. Copper Blues offers better value, has live music or other entertainment most nights, and it is conveniently located near all the hot spots and attractions downtown.
5	A TON of Draft Brews and Amazing live music!!  Always a great time and great service!
1	Went to a good show at Standup Live last night and not ready to call it a night when it was over popped over to Copper Blues next door.  The band was rocking, so I headed to the bar for an adult beverage.  Great inside/outside feel to the bar area.  But that's when the vibe turned sour.The crowd is clearly a late 20's-early 30's bunch and I am old enough to be their father.  The "hip" mohawked bar keep must not see be able to see anyone who doesn't meet his age standards.  Look, I would have served the cute girl standing to me first too - but after that - come on.  My money must be covered in shit, because he just wasn't going to touch it.Never did get a drink from the asshole.  Too bad - the band was good and we would have stayed for the rest of the set, instead we left.
2	Went last night for my birthday. We sat out on the patio because the description on Yelp stated it was loud. The menu was pretty limited, mostly beer. I had a Copper Blues Burger, wife had a Steak Salad, The food was great! Waitress, Amy, was cute, had her boobs pushed up to her neck. Which I kinda like. She spaced out a couple of times forgetting to get a drink, but quickly remembered, apologized and had a great smile. Which makes it up for me. I used to bar-tend and I'm pretty forgiving. And I like boobs. ;)     The music ended up not being that loud. Zimi was playing. We are 50, so it was mostly classic rock. They were okay. We planned on moving into the bar area until we got the bill. What burnt me was the drink price. $10 for a Jack n 7.  The drinks were pretty weak, not much ice so they tasted watered down. So we decided to leave. Ended up sitting in the parking garage for 25 mins. with a bunch of grumpy people that had seen Dana Carvey at Stand Up Live that just got out. He must not of been that funny.
3	the husband and i met up with some other bay area friends after last nights game, decided to drown our sorrows in beer after a crushing loss. holy beer selection! awesome! nice view, mediocre cover band, attentive staff (the joint was packed)...i'd recommend it if you're a beer person...dogfishhead 90 minute and lagunitas ipa on tap! can't really say too much as the husband and i had 2 beers and jammed out to relieve the babysitter aka my dad.
4	After reading the reviews about this bar/restaurant, my husband (G.) and I were a little wary, but saw little other choice since we were going to StandUp Live with a large group of people who were meeting at Copper Blues.I am happy to say that we had a great experience at Copper Blues and that we have no complaints. Well, their prices are a little high, but we expected this based on the location. That is a minor quibble.Although they were moderately busy when we arrived (4:30pm on a Friday), we were seated promptly in the bar area. It was very loud since there was a two-man band playing, but they were good so it wasn't a big deal. The beer selection was good... a little bit of everything. G. and I are both beer lovers so this made us happy campers.I ordered the macaroni and cheese with bacon appetizer and G. ordered the hot wings. The macaroni and cheese was tasty... not the best I've ever had, but it was good and filling. My husband liked the wings although he said they weren't that hot. I tried one and I thought it was plenty hot, but I am a bit of a wuss so there you go.Our server was excellent. She visited our table often enough to make sure we had drinks and didn't need anything, but not enough to be a bother. She was very friendly and knowledgeable about their menu. If we didn't live so far away, we'd probably visit again soon. If we go to StandUp Live again, we'll definitely stop in for beers and dinner beforehand.
5	Great beer, great food and hot bartenders!
3	~Update~I have to assume that our service experience wasn't the norm because the manager saw this review and 1. Got back to me promptly (within hours) and 2. did everything he could to make the situation right. I think I'll give this place another chance and keep all you Yelpers posted! ;)Original review:Good in theory: Copper Blues has a huge, well-sourced beer list and live music.  I wanted to like it!  I really did!  Alas... I went with friends on a Thursday night and the place was almost entirely empty, yet it STILL took us an eternity to get our drinks - JUST DRINKS, no food.  No wonder it was empty...
4	Great Beer, AWESOME live music on Fridays, Good variety of beer, and good atmosphere. This place is a great place to come in cityscape (downtown phoenix) it seems packed every time we go there and is always a fun place. The live music is great, and most do cover music from anything to adele, mumford and sons, lmfao, and even black eyed peas. Its pretty neat. After the live band they have a live dj. There is indoor and outdoor seating. HOwever in the summer I DO NOT recommend sitting outdoors. Its a weird enclosed patio that has half open windows. They have ceiling fans but its hotter than the temperature outside really is, maybe it traps the heat in. Anyway, dont sit out side. Plus the servers outside suck pretty bad. On Friday night, or server managed to not get one of the drinks for our party, never get us water, and really never show up to get our other orders. But when we did find her and ask her for drinks she seemed happy to oblige. We had a group of 8 and perhaps it was overwhelming for her.Anyway, they have some fun/different beers too. The top choices of my gf are the blueberry beer and there is another beer with a hint of watermelon. They have great porters and hefes as well. Lots of local beers, but I dont see many specials/deals for them in particular. The prices range from $5-7 for a pint.
4	My girlfriend and I went here early Saturday evening because we were seeing Brian Posehn at Stand Up Live next door. We arrived about 4:45 and it was pretty calm in there with only a few patrons at the time we arrived. When we're trying out new places we always like to have a variety... usually an appetizer or two and different main dishes so we can taste each others to get an idea of the overall quality of the food. Of course there is always the beer factor too. We both love beer.The beer selection is excellent. They have a ton of local brews and I was impressed that they had Sonoran White Chocolate on tap. On top that that it was only 5 bucks which is fantastic. They have their local brew called the Copper Blues Bru which was decent too. Grand Canyon is good, also on tap. The only thing it was missing in my opinion is that they did not have Moose Drool. It seems so popular here in the valley and I can get it at so many places I was suprised with their wide selection they didn't have it. No worries though this just encouraged me to try new things. The waitress never left me waiting for another beer and was always there when we needed her.As far as the food goes we started out with the mac and cheese and added bacon to it. We make mac and cheese at home all the time and believe me it's good mac and cheese. Especially smoked in the smoker for an hour or so. So we always have high expectations of mac and cheese and man this didn't disappoint. The cheese was nice and creamy and the bacon was nice and crispy! The flavor was fantastic and they added just shreds of green onions on top to bring it all together. We both were thoroughly impressed. For dinner I had the Southwest Burger. I ordered it medium and it came rare which I don't mind. I always order medium so there is room for error. Some may have sent it back though. My girlfriend did give it a try although she does NOT like rare meat at all. We both had the same reaction though. The burger was incredibly juicy and very good. One of the better burgers I have personally had in a long time. The only knock though is nothing stood out to make it a "Southwest" burger. The rest of the flavors did not do enough. The burger itself took center stage though. I ordered fries with mine and they were decent. Brandi ordered a Turkey Club sandwich with chips. Really you can't mess up a sandwich. Well I take that back yes you can. All of her ingredients were fresh and piled high. It was a nice large sandwich on a ciabatta bun cut in half. Just the right amount of all of the ingredients to make the sandwich what it should be. Everything worked good here unlike the burger that drowned out all the extras this was the perfect blend of ingredients. The chips were home made and crunchy. I personally love chips like this. The flavor was good and it was a good portion.Overall it was a good experience for us. The time we went was just right. In at 4:45 and out at 6:00 to catch the show next door. We were done eating before that but just sat and had a few beers while waiting for the doors to open next door. We didn't feel rushed to get out or anything and that is a good thing. One last thing. You can take a beer over next door too... it won't count against your minimum at Stand Up Live though which is understandable.
4	I heard this place is really fun at night with the live music -- haven't done that yet. Went after work for happy hour on a Thursday, and it was super chill with a great beer selection and awesome cheese bread for an appetizer. If you are a hummus lover, don't get it here...it's not that good. I got the Papago Orange Blossom beer, and it was awesome! Service is better than I expected too.
4	Came here during happy hour for a friends birthday before a D-Backs game and we had a great time! Great selection of beers, great service, great ambiance and awesome location! It's great to see a place like this (and the whole dining center) finally going up in downtown Phoenix!
3	I was really torn as to whether I should change my original star rating to a 3 or 2. Some things were really great but some were really really not.We went here on Sat for my husbands 35th birthday. I called a week ahead of time and reserved a table for 20 at 5pm w/ their concierge (i guess thats what she'd be called). She said we were all set. When we got there at 5 on Sat the hostess didnt see anything about our reservation but said she "guessed they could accomadate us". Then throughout the next hour, she proceeded to try and seat people at the other end of our table since not all our people had shown up yet (because of the dust storm) and kept pointing at us and telling the people she was trying to seat that it was our fault they couldnt sit there. Rude. So rude.Our waitress (Lexy) was great. She was very nice, funny, knowledgeable and attentive. She was one of the best parts of our experience.About an hour after getting there, we ordered food. Tacos ( that took 45 minutes), the "Pig" ( a half lb of bacon w/ maple syrup for dipping that took an HOUR), and a caprese pizza (that took an hour and 45 minutes). Unacceptable. I can do nothing but blame the kitchen for this since Lexy was great. One persons food came out promptly, ours see above, another couple waited an 45 minutes for their pizza that when it came out the very rude male waiter told us it was our caprese pizza when it was our friends pizza. When we told him that we'd waited an hour and 45 minutes for it, he said "Uh huh." shoved it on our table and walked away. Again, SO rude.One of the managers came over to apologize (cuz the food service didnt improve) he said he'd take 40% off of our check. Fine. Great even. When we got our bill, not only was their no discount like Ernie promised, but he was suddenly no where to be found.Im so disappointed that this place wasnt better. Thankfully, our friends kept my birthday boy distracted all night so he had no idea that any of this happened, thus not ruining his party.I wouldnt recommend this place for anything more than a few drinks before or after an event downtown or as a stop on a pub crawl. Very disappointed.
2	Meh.Not a bad place, I suppose... just not that special. Great beers on tap, I'll give them that, but it's a bar experience you can have at a dozen other places, honestly. If you're already downtown for some other reason (Suns game, dbacks, etc.) it's a decent place to grab a drink and some food, but not a destination place. I'd probably flip a coin between Copper Blues and Tilted Kilt, and not really care where I ended up. (both try to over-compensate for any potential shortcomings by subscribing to the "dudes like boobs" theory.)Why 2 stars? It's a mix. Service wasn't great, and I think i was just a little disappointed in the general atmosphere - I was really hoping Phoenix had actually gotten a Blues bar. This is just a bar with "blues" in the name. I mean, the band was playing covers of top-40 hits. I mean... really? I guess I was hoping for some kick-ass old dude sitting in a chair in dim lighting that can rip out a couple BB King tunes. Or a great jazz quartet to pound out some Miles Davis. Oh well. Guess I'm just sick of bars trying to pander to the hip, college / scottsdale crowd. There's such a gaping hole in the "blues - jazz club" scene in Phoenix  (by "gaping hole" i mean "none") and I was hoping this could help fill that hole. Guess not.
4	Copper Blues is one of my favorite downtown bars!  I usually come here if I'm going to Stand Up Live to see a comedian.  They offer a great selection of beers at a very good price.  We come early for the great Happy Hour with drink and appetizer specials.   We also have come after a show and there has always been good live music!  The waitresses are usually very friendly and offer great service.  Over all, I love this place and think its a very cool place to hang out with friends!
4	It's a short walk from Comerica Theatre. We had time to kill before a concert and stumbled upon Copper Blues. We sat at the front bar which was perfect. We could still hear the "band" but could have a conversation. The band, one guy on guitar and one on sax, was very good. We had two appetizers: Killer Chicken Quesadilla and Prosciutto Wrapped Mozzarella. Thumbs up for both. I'll go back for more. The appetizers are on the small size which didn't bother us. Better not to be stuffed before a concert. My only compliant was it took longer than expected to get our food. They said the kitchen was backed up but the place didn't seem busy. Otherwise, our bartender was attentive and kept the beer coming.
4	This is the place where the beer flows like wine.Sorry Lloyd and Harry, you should skip past Aspen and head here. With what looked to be 40+ beers to choose from on tap, grab yourself a cold and frothy one on a moments notice. Order yourself some of their Rockin' Chicken Nacho's, a fig and goat cheese pizza, the southwest burger topped with roasted green chiles and Monterrey Jack cheese, or what can only be described as "Pig" on their menu. A 1/2 lb of bacon served with a side of dipping maple syrup. I've been twice now on a Tuesday for their Open Mic' comedy line up "Laughs and Draughts". $3 Santan brews, $6 Chicken and Mac n Cheese, and other nice priced bar foods to choose from like wings. As much as I want to love this local joint for a mid-week night of comedic stylings; unfortunately, I don't think I'll be spending too many more Tuesday's here. There's just something that seems to be missing. No, not the food. It wasn't the drinks, not even the service itself. That's right, the comedy. I'm not sure I laughed but 2 or 3 times the entire hour and a half I stuck it out. The saving grace was that the Olympics were playing on the TV's in the background, but I could have got that same olympic sized entertainment at my own home, and the beer is cheaper there.If you're looking for a laugh on a Tuesday night, I'd try to stick it out til Wednesday and find your way over to Stand-Up Scottsdale; their open mic is usually worth the time and effort, and its put together in much better fashion - no run on comedians who don't seem to cut the mustard or know when to exit stage left. They do, from time to time, have live music or a DJ spinning records. Check out their main site for a calendar of events. While I can't speak on those particulars, I imagine you can't really mess up music too badly. I would like to leave you Yelpers with the following words of advice. If you're out for a great selection of tapped and bottled beer, wine, or liquor in a cool down town atmosphere. Race on down, cause you may have just won gold.Happy Yelping Phoenix!
3	They had a good drink special going on for local beers but it seemed like everything was out. The bartender suggested a beer and I liked it. Didn't stay very long, a little too uptight and stuffy for our group. But it seemed like a cool place to hang out. Staff was attentive and polite.
4	I came for lunch last week & had a great meal. I ordered the super food salad which was full of healthy stuff that I could only manage to eat half of since the portion is really big. The atmosphere for lunch is cool but I can imagine it being a lot better in the evening.Great menu choices - I'm sure I'll be back to try more.
5	We went for late night before the band NORTH came on, and the chicken fingers were really great, thick breading and tenderly cooked white meat. The waitresses were awesome, I think Jenn helped us out, she did a really good job. I will be back for both good food and music, which is something I can't say about most places, its usually one or the other. No! Not at Copper Blues, amazing food, feel good music, packed house, energy and noms for this foodie. :-D
1	The bartender made us drinks after we said we didn't want more. Then he was like, just have them. Then he charged us. The place was empty. The live music was a dated blues band. They were talented musicians, but it was a boring show. The drinks weren't good at all and the also weren't inexpensive. I haven't any reason to return.
3	Copper Blues could become one of the valley's hottest clubs. I couldn't give it a five star however, because there are some annoying negatives.The environment is very impressive. Inside it is posh with expensive looking furniture, and there is plenty of room. An outside area gives impressive views of downtown Phoenix.The selection of craft draft beers is extensive. Some of them are hard to find ales like Dogfish 90. Wednesday night there are free dance lessons with no cover charge. After the lesson a live band plays. Dance lessons are from lindy hop guru Steve Conrad, who is teaching "blues dance". Blues dancing is an intimate style of dance that hasn't caught on in the Phoenix area, but will be popular when people find out about it.Unfortunately getting to the club is frustrating. It's somewhat hard to find because it's on the second floor of a building. Parking underground is free but it's always full, so get used to the idea that you are going to fight for parking with Suns fans and other multitudes downtown. Expect to do a lot of walking if you intend on avoiding paid parking lots.Dancing is problematic because there is no dance floor. For the lessons tables and chairs are cleared to reveal a nice wood floor. Usually you have to dance between tables. Considering that millions were spent to build this place it's incomprehensible that an expensive wood floor was installed without putting in an area that people can use to dance.A band called the "Sugar Thieves" played the live music after the dance lesson. Unfortunately their music was far too fast for blues dancing (which is usually danced to very slow and sleazy blues or slow soul music) and was too fast for almost any dancing besides Lindy Hop. They are good musicians but obviously don't have a clue what kind of music dancers need to have fun.To add the to the problems the live band is on a stage behind the bar. The distance to the band is makes the live music experience somewhat impersonal. Even worse, to order drinks you have to yell across the bar loud enough to be heard by the staff who are standing directly in front of the band. What a lousy floor plan!Beers are expensive and yet the pints seem small because there is too much foam. The waitresses are cute but they don't know how to pour beer. Tsk! Tsk!
4	This place is nice on a weekend night. Parking can be a hassle, and drinks aren't always the cheapest, but its good to be able to choose from a full bar, and not just beer and wine. Depending on the night there will either be a live band or dj; both are nice and don't stray too far from the mainstream. What this means is the dj isn't gonna play some tracks that sound like cats farting into a microphone. Check out Copper Blues, especially if you're leaving a show at Stand Up Live.
4	Aluminum GreensBy The RueThese guys aren't messing around, My new favorite bar downtown,So many beers I want to pound,Will leave you sleeping on the ground,What a wonderful place to have found,I like my beer to be dark brown,My waitress recognized the sound,Of my voice I was astound,They will not except a Brittish pound, Elvis sings a song about a hound,Micheal Madsen's little brother is in the band, Not really but they could go hand in hand, He looked just like him, a little more tanned,In first grade my friend and I would eat sand,To impress the chicks it tasted bland,I wanted to touch their mammary gland, My kisses are magical no one can withstand,Especially when I softly brush away that strand, Of hair in your face, I'm sure you planned,To leave your underwear on the night stand. MERCURY!!!
4	What a FABULOUS find!  In town for a conference we were looking for a place to kick back and have some fun - but not quite as crazy as the college night clubs. Walking below I heard good music and a decent size crowd - SOLD!They were fairly busy but the hostess could not have been more pleasant and was lucky enough to find us a table in prim-o view of the action.  A beer list the length of the mississippi river? yup!  A cover band? yes! (Hold the phone...the cover band behind the bar - giggity giggity!) Creative and delicious pizza? They did it! I was definitely expecting something gross and greasy.  All in all a good night.So good, in fact, that we returned the next night.  Again, a great band, great drinks, and this night we met a table full of very friendly locals and danced the night away.(So when can you move to Ohio, Copper Blues?)
4	The only thing holding this back from being a five star review is the bad service.Great beers on tap.
5	If you love a live band and 64 beer choices this is your place.
4	A friend and I wandered in by chance.  We'd been at the symphony and wanted to grab a bite and a drink.The hostess was very nice and seated us right away (they were not too busy on a Sunday afternoon, although that changed pretty quickly after we were seated).  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  The menu of food paled in comparison to the beer menu, but I didn't mind that a bit.  We started with the Spinach & Artichoke dip, which was heavenly.  Next time, I'm ordering the bacon appetizer.  Yup, just a side of bacon... makes me giddy.  I had the Copper Burger and my friend had the Cuban.  Both were delicious.  I would definitely make the trip back to try more beer!OH!  Beer... we had the watermelon ale.  Amazing.  I believe they do $1 beer shots, possibly on Mondays, my memory is failing.  What a great way to try a ton of beers.
2	I would have liked to make it past the front door.  The hostess was nowhere to be found for an unreasonable amount of time. When she finally surfaced, I was very coldly told that there's a wait. Don't know how long, but there's a wait. I asked if we were able to go sit at the bar and she said there was a wait for that too.  After watching many people walk up and be happily escorted in, we left.
3	Food was OK. Beer selection was good. My biggest complaint here is the loud volume of the music.
3	I picked a bad night to go out as every place was an hour plus wait to get in.  The atmosphere here is great.  Live music playing and a very social and open layout.   Even just sitting on the patio waiting was nice.   The service was good, but not great.   I am not a big fan of finally being seated and then having to wait and wait for someone to take my drink order. I had the Carolina Pizza.   It came with pulled pork, BBQ sauce, and fried onion strings on top.  It was really good, and definitely a high of the evening.    I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a lively place to go and hang out at.
3	We really enjoyed coming here before a show at Stand Up Live.  The atmosphere is great, looking out over City Center is pretty cool.  I enjoyed the options on the menu, however, I was with 3 others that had a hard time finding something they wanted.  Every dish seemed to have a "kicker" item that they didn't care for.The beer selection was great and helped those that weren't happy about the food still enjoy themselves!  Our service was great, the waitress was more than happy to talk everyone through the beer choices.I would recommend this before a show or as a date night!
3	Super cool place I've been to 3-4 times now and only drawback is the noise if you are with someone you want to have a conversation with. Service could be better, but location and above average food at decent prices cancel that out.
5	I came here with a group of girls for my bachelorette party, it was awesome! We were seated promptly right in front of the live band ( party crashers) The band was great and the lead singer did a couple shout outs to me and my girls. The restaurant provided us with a complimentary bottle of champagne which I thought was very thoughtful and amazing. This was the first time I had ever been there and all of the staff was very friendly the bartenders were fast with drink orders and always seemed to be smiling which is a breath of fresh air for sure. I was amazed at the quality of service from this place all without even making a reservation!!
2	A lot of beer on tap.A lot of cover bands.Not a lot of blues.A lot of pretty bartenders with big...smilesNot a lot of alcohol in the drinks.Meh.I prefer to get drunk and listen to music elsewhere.
4	Great lunch spot at CityScape and also great place to hang after work or in the evening! Huge tap beer selection, great cocktails and wine. Haven't been disappointed with the food either. Friends have had a variety of items but I love their flatbread pizzas. Went once at night for eats and drinks and to hear the live music. Great cover band was playing that night. At night it's definitely loud so it's not ideal if you're going with someone you want to talk with. But for hanging out, eating, drinking and hearing some good music it's definitely a great spot.
3	Great beer, good food, and awesome live music. I was going to give this place a 4 star but I took off one star because of the waitress that served my friends and I. She was really nice and friendly up until the end when we paid. Apparently 15% gratuity in cash was not enough. She scoffed at the tip which made me want to just take it all back but I didn't because she did serve us well. What a greedy b****.
4	Went to listen to free Tuesday night stand up. Shared the fig, goat cheese, honey and almond pizza which was amazing. House beer was very good, service was fantastic. Loved it all.
4	This is definitely one of my favorite places downtown.  We love live music!  In fact, musicians play on a stage above the main bar and behind the beer taps.  Sweet set up.  There is no set dance floor so expect myself and others to be dancing around your table.  Some nights there are some really great bands playing and others have the bands that play the Vegas style top 40 mash ups that I find a little strange.The staff are super friendly and know how to mix a drink.  I can always count on Willis to serve my vodkas up right.  Not too stiff, not too weak.  A great bartender that always adds to our fun time.The location is fantastic.  The sister to Stand Up live, across from Lucky Strike, on the second floor of CityScape, so the view on the patio of downtown at night is a winner.I haven't ate here yet, but if the food is the same as they serve at Stand Up Live, it's pretty tasty bar fair.It's a great choice if you're looking for a fun time downtown.  (You don't need to be a hipster to fit in either)
3	I've been here a few times after going to the gym. The service whether they are busy or not is always meh at best. The beer on draft is plentiful, but they always seem to be out of my first choice. The atmosphere is nice. The food only acceptable, but PRICEY for a bar.
5	We went to copper blues for a couple of beers and appetizers before a Suns game and then went back the next day for late night drinks and live music.  The atmosphere was fun. The bartenders and waitstaff were knowledgable and friendly. They have SO many beers and ciders on tap to choose from. The live music was an added bonus! Would definitely recommend this to anyone, especially from out of town.
5	Copper Blues is a cool place to some and listen to some music or hear some comedy.   My husband and I have been to Copper Blues a couple of times now.  The staff is really great and the food is great too.   Also they have a huge selection of beer on top that you can choice from.  If you are ever in town for a business trip or on vacation you should check out Copper Blues in downtown Phoenix.  Thanks Copper Blues for being a great restaurant and pub.
5	I loooove Copper Blues! They have TONS of beers on tap and they frequently bring in local bands. They really make efforts to keep things interesting here by participating in local events and all of the live music. The food is decent and I love the huge windows on the patio--it makes me feel like I'm sitting outside.
4	Live music, plenty of beer on tap, and a very happening place.  This place was packed with people however with a group of 6 we still found tables and chairs.  I enjoyed some beers on tap, but wanted to try some food so we ordered the Copper Blues Burger.  Very good burger, fresh tasting and the bacon and cheddar hit the spot.  The fries are good, which I normally do not eat at all.  Nothing like enjoying a nite out with friends.  Live music, great food, and plenty of drinks and beers on tap to enjoy.  We all had a great time out.  Service was great and everyone seemed pretty friendly there.  Great atmosphere here.
2	Food: quite delicious. Atmosphere: rockin'. Customer service? I'm disheartened to say that it's extremely disappointing! Therefore the three stars is only for the food and atmosphere. I've been to Copper Blues three times now and every time there's always been some sort of hiccup. However, the hiccups were short lived and soon forgotten. Unfortunately the hiccup during this last visit won't be so easily forgotten. This past Friday night, we went to see Bob Saget perform (he is absolutely hilarious by the way). Before the show, we wanted to grab dinner so we decided to make it easy and eat at Copper Blues. When we arrived, we were given a buzzer and quoted for a 10-minute wait. We asked if there was open seating anywhere and they directed us to the outdoor patio and said that was the only open seating. After about 10 minutes of waiting, we checked back with the hostess on the status and at that point, she said it was going to be a 35 minute wait. We said that we were told 10 minutes initially and then she said, "oh well, then it's 10 minutes I guess." It was all very confusing. So after about another 10 minutes, we checked back again and at this point they said that they never quote a wait time and when I told them that I had been quoted twice, she said again that they never quote a wait time. I felt like I was on crazy pills! It didnt seem like the staff knew what was going on that night! Well, the saga continues on... At this point, it's around 6:00 PM and we are hungry and eager to get some dinner before Saget. It was also freezing on the outdoor patio and we were hoping to sit inside. We decide to check out the inside portion of the restaurant (even though we were told initially that the only open seating was outside). Well, when we got inside, we realized that the entire bar area was also open seating. Now this is where the hiccup will forever stay with me and it will be hard to get over this next part. We find two high top tables and are told that one is in use, so we take the other one. It has three chairs and we need two more chairs. At this point, a waiter comes up and confronts us. I let him know that we are in need of two more chairs and do they have any (this is in the open seating bar, remember.) He turns to me, stares at me dead on and says "well are you even planning on eating here or are you just going to be using this table to wait?" Now regardless of whether we were going to order one drink or a whole meal, I don't think a waiter should ever question a customer and treat them the way I was treated. I proceed to tell him that we are wanting to eat dinner and we have been wanting to eat dinner there for a good thirty minutes! I was blown away by the treatment and I will admit that I've never been treated so rudely at a restaurant before. Someone must have seen my anger and utter shock because about five minutes later they told us they found a table at the bar for us but sadly at that point, the experience at Copper Blues was ruined. We ordered several drinks and a couple appetizers (which were delicious) but after the treatment, decided to just eat dinner at Stand Up Live. I hate writing a disappointing review like this one. I visit restaurants wanting a good experience and wanting to enjoy the atmosphere. However, customer service can either make or badly break an experience.
4	I went here last weekend for a friend's birthday. I haven't been to any bars in downtown Phoenix in quite some time, as I generally go out in Scottsdale or Tempe. The crowd was diverse and friendly. 25-35 was probably the median. They had a live band playing some good tunes, and when they were on break the music on the speakers was a lot of alternative 90's music which I love and never hear at bars.I was with a group of about 20 people and we were able to get tables/seats by the bar without any problem (something you have to pay dearly for in Scottsdale.) They also had 30+ beers on tap. I tried a 10.5% hoppy beer whose name escapes me. It was quite good. If I had any complaint it would be that the drinks are a bit over-priced... even for someone who frequents Old Town often.Next time I'm in the area, I will definitely be back.
4	Probably one of the (if not the) coolest spots in downtown city scape. Tons and tons of beer on tap, you can sit by giant open windows and look out to down town from the second story. I didn't have any food, so I can't say anything to that, but the beer was pretty good. They have probably 15 local beers too, which is awesome. Many I had never heard of. Unfortunately they don't serve food past 10, and they do last call at 11. What? It was still decently crowded on a weekday to close down that early. But it seems like everything closes early downtown on weekdays. Cmon now.
4	Good beer and good food. Saturday and Sunday happy hour from 4:00 to 6:00.  They also have great live music on some nights and it's differently the place to stop before and after a comedy show at Stand Up live next door. And with 60+ craft beers on tap Don't  order a bud light , if you are not sure you will like something ask for a sample. You never know what you mite like untill you try it.
4	Copper blues has somewhere in the area of 60 beers on tap and live rock music a few nights of the week with a stage built right into the bar. It is a really cool addition to the downtown area. If the music gets to be too much you can hang out on the patio (which in phoenix at this time of year is where we should all be anyway). The chairs are slightly uncomfortable, and it was a little confusing to figure out whether or not I was in the line for the comedy show or trying to go have a beer on the way up, but once you navigate through the comedy club line it was solid from there on out.
4	Very decent cover band pub with an excellent array on tap (including a decent cider selection) with very decent local coverage and a good selection of the 'in' pretentious imports to make the self-appointed cognoscenti feel special.  The food's typical bar fare, but not bad for that, and suffices reasonably for the venue.  The ambiance is excellent (consistent with the venue again) with an excellent location and situation (upstairs, windows, central venue...with several other entertainment businesses right by).  The cover bands have been very good and the crowds 'fun'.  I have been on several occasions,    drop by fairly regularly,  and consider it the 'go to'  local joint for the casual drink or two and a listen....or a brew and a nosh....  Recommended for the 'drinks and music' deal, for sure.  A special experience would depend on the circumstances, but for a decent and honest set-up, Copper Blues provides an excellent and consistent product.  Service can be inconsistent, but in my experience it's varied from fair to excellent...hey guys...it's a busy urban bar scene...don't be so farkin' 'precious'!    Recommended meet for drinks and nosh, listen to some tunes, downtown pub.  Some of the covers are good enough to go just for them....
4	This place was so much fun!  The band was absolutely amazing.  The ONLY reason they didn't get a 5th star, was because I asked the hostess a few days beforehand if there was dancing, and she said "yes, the band is awesome and they move the tables out so people can dance."  The band WAS definitely amazing, but everyone kind of just stood there and my wife wanted to dance on her bday.  Other than that.... awesome!
4	Looooove this place! We came here for happy hour (drinks are strong, delicious and cheap) and decided to stay for the live music performance (awesome setup but no dancing). I guess you can't have everything you want in a bar but this definitely comes close. We'll be back and hopefully we can dance!
5	Great selection of beers The amateur comedy is always good sometimes funny other times a dud but good non the less... Then the night gets rockin with live music
2	I have a handful of friends who have been here and, of course, mentioned the myriad tap handles hanging out behind the bar. So, I figured this would be a good place to kick up my heels and take in a few brews and some dinner before a Diamondbacks game one evening.I was wrong.My friend and I showed up around 4:30, more than two hours before the baseball game and certainly before the thick of the happy hour crowds, as we sat at one of only two tables taken in the open-air, no closed windows section of the place. During a trip to the restroom, I could also see that the rest of the place was nearly empty too. Despite this, our lame ass, young/thought she was all that waitress still couldn't be bothered to come over and see if there was anything she could do about my empty beer glass in an establishment that boasts their tap selection as one of the place's attractions.  In just over one hour, I had "time" to order only 2 beers. On top of that, when the food finally came to the table, she asks if there's anything else we need. I said "yes, ketchup, please." Do you think that EVER made it to the table? I'll let you readers decide the answer to that based on my tone and the overall rating I gave this joke of a place. Bottom Line: Slow service, so-so bar food that I would never take time to write home about, and waitresses who would rather chat with their friends around the bar area than do their job. The management needs to wake up here. Since it's no longer Phoenix circa the 90's, you can go to MANY other places with live music and huge beer selections. I don't plan on coming back to Copper Blues.P.S. I hope the waitress enjoyed all the conversations with her friends that kept her from doing her job well and the suck tip that I happily gave her in return. Call it instant Karma. :)
5	I honestly haven't tried the food at this place. We went here as a group after dinner because we wanted to experience something else besides the usual Scottsdale and I I was hooked since the moment I walked in. It was a Friday night and The Instant Classics Band was playing that night. Amazing voices, music, and show! I know some other reviews say that Copper Blues compares to Blue Martini, yes I agree, except that it is more casual and I can testify that the live bands are waaaayyyy better along with the prices. Let's just say I danced all the way until they closed. The band stopped playing around 1 am I believe ( I had a few cocktails so that statement may not be fully true) and then they just played 90s and top 40s. I highly recommend this place. It is in Downtown Phoenix, very nice, chic, affordable, and FUN, FUN, FUN!! Perfect for going out with friends and have a lovely time!!! Now, if you are like me that looooooves to dance non-stopping and your date is not really a fan of dancing, this is still perfect. Because you can eat, have a beer or cocktail,  sit if you want to, dance your butt off, sit down again, go outside and have a ciggie, go back and have a tequila shot, dance again, another shot, and FLOOR! Just kidding!! you get my point! All you need is here =)
2	Okay the place itself is awesome and I'd give the building five stars... Where it goes downhill for me is the staff. When a few classmates and I  came for a few drinks after class we arrived and sat down at the bar. We ordered a few beers and then had to move to a bigger table to accommodate more people who were coming to join us. After we moved to a table close to the bar just big enough to accommodate all the members in our party a server came up to us and informed us that we were siting in "HIS SECTION" and he seemed annoyed to even be there. He continued to look at our table and roll his eyes at our already order drinks. Okay sir I totally understand the annoyance of guests moving around to different tables but in no case is it appropriate to give your customers attitude about moving to accommodate for a larger group of people especially on a slow night when there's plenty of tables open. Our rude server didn't come back over for at least 30 min so we continued to order food and other drinks from the bartender. When he finally came back, we had just received our nachos and more beer and once again he rolled his eyes scoffed and walked away.  We didn't seem him for the rest of the night which was fine by me.I must say the girl behind the bar was very knowledgeable but she also wasn't too pleasant. The employees seemed to be friendly to one another and cracking jokes but as soon as they were talking to a customer it seemed like a flip was switched and they were now annoyed. I asked a few people that had been in before of what their experience was like they all said they had been in for dinner on a non-music night and the service was awful. Those who had been in during a show said they had a great time and the service was decent. I must say that this location would be awesome for a music venue which it is... So maybe ill be back for a show but I will not be back for dinner on an off night.
3	Pretty neat bar with cool atmosphere.  Live band on some nights.  Food isn't bad for a bar.  I had the bbq chicken pizza - the dough was tasteless so I didn't eat the crust.  The chicken was like jerky.  But the overall flavor was pretty good.I'll probably come back for happy hour specials.  The prices seem fair and I love live music.
4	I am now a fan of the cider options on tap with fireball shots in them on a Saturday night. Good way to relax and listen to live music.
3	I don't even know how to describe this place.  It's kind of like sensory overload and anywhere I sit, I feel like I always have to watch my back.  This is not the place to go for a relaxing cocktail.  This is the place to go when you have a very limited taste in music, you're desperate to be seen and you don't really want to interact with the people that you're with.
5	Copper Blues has been on top of our list of happy hour places after work, and has proven to be a solid establishment for that purpose. This weekend, as part of our Drinko de Mayo festivities (which involved going to predominately Irish pubs to order margaritas), this place topped the charts. Seriously, the margaritas here were crazy good. And you get to take the skull tequila bottle home with you.The servers are consistently amiable. The beers are always incredible. And the music last night, as in most nights, was stellar.
4	During a conference held downtown, a company hosted a happy hour party here.  Although I've been in the area dozens of times, it was my first experience in this place.  The party was held out in the patio area.It was a great spot to host the party....we had our own bar and food setup, so getting drinks and appetizers was easy.  It was an open bar during the party, so I don't have a sense of how much the drinks are here.The party was held in early April, so the weather for a party out on the patio was perfect.  The place looks like a cool spot to come hang out before a Suns game....will have to keep this in mind for next season.Return Factor - 80%
5	Amazing beer list and best Mac and cheese ever.  :)
2	Awesome beer list, fabulous live music, great ambiance....  HORRENDOUS service.  Egregiously bad.  Do not try to go here before a concert, event or game.  It took over an hour to get our food and when the waitress brought it, it was wrong.  My husband asked 3 different people for more water, and all that happened was that our airhead waitress took his empty glass away.  What?  I hoped that they would have had their act together a little better considering their proximity to USAC, Chase and Comerica.  I will say that the various servers were friendly and polite, I just didn't understand why we were ignored so badly.  I can't really comment in detail on the food, since all we wound up eating was a side Caesar salad and an order of the filet bites.  I wasn't a huge fan of the filet bites, it was more like overcooked carne asada than what I was expecting.
1	I wouldn't have had a problem paying high prices for mediocre food if at least the service was good. You would think that being as close as they are to US Airways center that they would staff accordingly too. No such luck tonight. $70 later, still hungry and thirsty, I would not recommend this place to anyone. Managers should pay more attention to the guests less to the hostesses.
2	Stopped in before a Diamondbacks game for a quick nosh & drinks. The weather was great so we sat outside - the waitress was right there (and I mean right there in all her glory!!) to take our drink orders. After 1 round, we ordered a couple of starters which were very good and another round of drinks. Then she went missing. There were other patrons outside, too, and they were waiting for someone to wait on them. Finally, we caught an employee's eye and asked to get our bill. Very poor customer service.
4	Wife and I met friends for food and drink before the DBacks game.  Although it is 4 blocks from Chase Field, the walk isn't bad.  The good news is the food.  I had the wings (honey hot, long on honey, short on hot) while the wife had a small pizza.  Our friends followed suit.  I think we all agreed the food was good for the price (we ordered off the happy hour menu), especially considering the location.  The beer selection was exceptional.  Between the four of us, using fingers and toes, we could not count the taps.There was a two piece band playing.  One guy on guitar and vocals, the other played sax and, incredibly, the accordion.  But hey, the were good and I enjoyed their performance even though it did make conversation more difficult.So much for the good news.  Now, about the service....it was slow but not as bad as other reviews might suggest..Bottom line, we'll be going there again!
4	Fun Saturday night date night! The band was OK - played your typical "drunkin bar sing along songs" (like Don't Stop Believin' and Sweet Child O' Mine and Sweet Caroline) and since we drank, we sang. It's a cool downtown venue that actually gives you that urban big city vibe we lack here in Phoenix, which I always find strange since we are a big city! The waitresses were wonderful and cute, and there are LOTS of beers on tap so the hubster was happy, while I drank the Mojitos which were delicious and refreshing ona hot summer night! The crowd  is eclectic and mixed ages, and I would say a little more toward the "trendy" side but not like Scottsdale crowds, and definitely not many hipsters like you normally find in Downtown venues. Casual and cool.We would go back for sure! It was fun, not too over priced, and bonus! We can take the light rail there!
5	Guinness mac and cheese... dollar beer shots on happy hour. AWESOME live music... just don't go to the comedy club next door unless you want to feel like you got raped at a casino.Nice place to pre-game before a basketball game, since its walking distance. For 1 over priced shitty drink at the game you can have 10 beer shots and be buzzed and ready to go all night.
4	Tons of beer on draft, very chill place.  Live music and just caught a glimpse of celebrity, Gabriel Iglesias, who happened to walk over from the Stand Up Comedy place next door.  I'll definitely back!... I gave it a 4 because I was freezing.
5	Ok, Copper Blues isn't cheap dive bar, but it's worth it everything they charge, and worth leaving a decent tip!The bartenders (and that is plural) are always alive and crazy busy trying to help you behind the bar.   They get you a drink if you can only squeeze an elbow in through a crowd.  But it does get crowded at times.If you are at a table, the staff is still pretty decent, they get it.  They know it's a popular and busy place, and they try to keep up.At least of spring 2013, the staff and service makes it worth going to on a Friday or Saturday night. They make you feel like you matter.  I can't say it's the cheapest place, or best food.  But, the selection of beer and the service makes it worth spending some money there, if you have it to spend.
4	Came on a Friday night and had a great time.  They had live music (free!) and the overall vibe was fun and relaxed.  They also have a lot of different local beers on tap, ranging from $5 to $10 each.
4	This place has a nice atmosphere. Cant believe I haven't been here sooner. Mixed drinks are a bit high but the atmosphere and crowd is very cool.
5	Fun, fun, fun!! We had a large time at Copper Blues on Saturday night. The band Furious George, helped us usher in the first night of vacation. The music was rockin and the drinks were flowin! We sang well past our bedtime and had memories of tasty shots the next morning. Way fun!!
4	Super friendly bartenders and I had my first Moscow Mule experience (vodka, ginger beer, and lime-YUM!).  A little sad my drink didn't come in a copper mug, however.  Great place to grab a drink before a game or show downtown-a little pricier than what I'd like but that's my only complaint!
4	Okay. Gave this place another try and It's pretty cool. I'll be back again.
5	Best place downtown for sexy music, sexy staff, and strong drinks! The Instant Classics will blow your mind!!
5	Awesome experience! The bar and wait staff were attentive and friendly despite the huge Saturday night crowd. The band was phenomenal! I'll be making the trek from Scottsdale to enjoy this establishment very soon!
2	Overall the place was a pretty good establishment but there were a few things that take it down a few notches in my opinion:1. The band (The Instant Classics) - while they were pretty decent they kept calling attention to the fact that they were doing more and more shots.  I'm sure that this was to encourage patrons to drink but it was pretty noticeable that they were getting a bit out of hand with their booze.  2. The crowd - obviously the bar and band can't do much about this but when people yell "freebird" after every song, the band makes fun of them, it only encourages it to continue and takes away from the music.3.  The service - I understand that any time you have live music or a club scene, its going to be loud and thus hard for servers to hear.  That being said, when you ask for a water and they bring you a Pumpkin Beer and then charge you for it, that's just bad service.  On top of that when asking for my bill (included my girlfriend, the others in the group weren't ready to leave yet), the first time the server brought me a bill that was completely incorrect, as in not one of the drinks was one that my girlfriend or I had.  The second trip she brought every ones bill EXCEPT for mine.  Apparently the third time was the charm (although it did have a beer on there that wasn't ours which the server acknowledged and removed before running the card).Lastly, I am not a huge fan of the lack of parking downtown.  They treat downtown Phoenix as if it were San Diego or Chicago with the parking in that its all garages and any little event going on down there gives garages the balls to charge $12 for parking.Overall the music was good, drinks were decent and okay on price, service left a lot to be desired and the location (downtown) isn't my favorite.
5	I love the strawberry fields martini!
3	Came for happy hour and had a mixed drink and the spinach dip. The dip was really good with sliced baguette slices but the mixed drink was weaker than something from a cheap bar. I watched the pour and it was barely a second and it cost me ten bucks. Complete ripoff.
3	Overall it's two separate bars, basically a sports bar, and then a dance bar (most people grinding along the bar). Of course I chose the bar with more energy and fun to sit at. The music they were playing was not recent, basically 80's dance, not my favorite but some like it. Try to come when there's actually live music playing. It's mainly a bar, with part dancing. Not a place to lounge, it's a restaurant style set up, thought that might be helpful to know. The interior was decorated alright, good use of lighting and color but most of the space was used for restaurant tables. There are some couches you can sit at with some tables.
5	Love this place. We always have a great time. The bands are always good / great and the beer is fantastic. Gotta say, never had a bad experience. Customer service is outstanding. I always make an attempt to come here whenever I'm in town.
3	I have brought many people here for birthdays. Every time we get a booth around 6-7:30pm and stay at the booth. My only issue is the waitresses (it's usually women here lol truth) who switch shifts or something and it ends up you can get 3 people in one night sometimes. This and putting items on the wrong bill. We have had some great ones, but last time we were here our waitress wondered off, didn't bring the 3 shots as asked, then charged some other guys item's from the bar (we were at a table since 7pm) to our bill. We still come here as a couple of groups of 4, but when we bring more people we now check each others bills because of the mistakes that occur with a party more than 4.
2	2 stars because they have a ton of great beers, and they are all not crappy, over-hopped hipster beers!give them 1 star for food. overpriced and under-flavored. go here to drink, not eat.others in the group said their wings were good, but the rest of the food was not.
3	I joined some of my peeps here the other night for drinks.  I didn't really know what to expect, given that I'd not heard anything about this spot.  It was a Friday night, so it was pretty packed and super freaking loud.  No bigs.  They have TONS of beers, most of which (or maybe almost all?) were craft and/or local brews.  Score!  I ordered a pint of Left Hand Milk Stout, which was the best one I've ever had.  The look is cool/casual.  There are two bars: one when you first walk in and one that the band plays behind.  The music left something to be desired, but that could just be because I'm a music snob.  It was a cover band that seemed to be Maroon 5-ish (whom I loathe).  That's not to say they didn't do a good job singing and playing, just not my kind of jams.  The service was decent, didn't really interact with the staff much.  I'd definitely go back on a week night to check out the vibe.
5	Loved the decor- came here on a bar crawl before a show and it was packed. We had no trouble getting a seat though (sat at the bar) and got service immediately even though it was pretty much standing room only. The bartender was friendly even though she was super busy and found time to pay attention to us even though she had many duties that evening. They have a massive beer selection and great beers on draught as well. We did order some nice stuff, but they also had $3 pints of a really nice beer on tap, so we partook in a few of those as well. It's great to see the range in prices- something for everyone. We even nabbed (ok, were given) glasses from a snazzy beer that they were discontinuing.  We will come back the next time we're in town.
5	Love this place every time I stop in! Went this past Saturday night to listen to the band. They were amazing! Large crowd on a Saturday night but nothing to make you claustraphobic. They also have a late night happy hour, even on a Saturday night! We ordered a spinach and artichoke pizza which was perfect for our late night munchies. As we were walking in a man on the street offered us coupons for any pint beer for a dollar. Score!!!
5	Copper Blues is one of my favorite Cityscape spots. A great venue for live music and great beer selection. Whenever I have a planned night out downtown I check the music calendar and if EastonAshe is in the house I make sure to stop in. They play here often and they're one of my favorite, rockin' Phoenix cover bands. It can get crowded when the bands playing but the outdoor patio is usually a little less crowded so you can at least step out there to get away from the crowd, if needed. We were offered penny pint tickets on the way in and that was a big score! I'm sure the bartenders love those deals as well. We definitely tip more when the drink is pretty much free! ;)
4	What a fun place--and right next door to Stand Up Live! 80+Beers on tap, great food, excellent service. I couldn't have asked for a nicer visit!  Crowded but not overly so, food served hot, beer served ice cold. Can't wait to go back!
4	Copper Blues was a random find prior to a DBacks game. Pure Awesomeness. A veritable sea of beers to choose from!Hoh. So. Happy! (Shoot me. I'm biased. I never met a beer I didn't like.)Warning! The entire bar area is first come, first serve seating. So pony up soon! Those seats fill fast. Happy Hour makes everyone happy. Right? But before a DBacks game you can score big! M-F, 3-6pm make everyone happy! (Have no fear, weekends happiness abounds. Just 4-6pm.)$3 Pints (Domestic & Local)$4 Pints (Crafts)$5 Call Cocktails $3 House WinesI initially offered a $1 beer shot. THEN I learned it was a way to explore different types of beer. Cool-i-o. They also have a neat set of specialty drink on special called Rocktails and Rocktinis. They looked beautiful, but for another time. I'm a BEER drinker!With beer, you (meaning, I) had to indulge with the following:- "Pub Chips" are actually potato chips layered w/blue cheese & hot sauce. You haven't drank a beer until you've tried this. Seriously. So simple and oh so good. - Fried shrimp = We shared, otherwise I might have licked all the mayonnaise stuff.(Did I just say that out loud? ;)Oh, before I forget! The servers in their trendy little vests were a hoot! Both times! Great service. Seems like a neat place to catch live music. It's on my list to try again on a non-game day, perhaps before a comedy show. Thx Copper Blues!
4	If you're here for the beer and live music, you are in the right place! (Check in for a free beer sample, too!)To be fair, I have not eaten food here and have been multiple times in the evening (9-10 PM), but I love the beer selection and, more than anything, the excellent bands they have on stage. Service is pretty good--waitresses are always friendly and don't mind if we hang out for a few hours with drinks (after all, that's kind of what the venue is hoping for, I'd think). Prices are average. Not super cheap, but not breaking the bank. The outdoor patio is also great if you want some fresh air--and they have another bar out there so you don't have to keep running inside if you want another round! All and all, a good time.
4	This is a great place to stop by before a game or event downtown.  Live music and great beers on tap make for a good time on their own.  Throw in a hip environment and solid food and your golden...err...copper.
3	This one was tough to pick out the 'rating number' for... as it's been mixed. The food has been good. Fairly typical bar food but with a twist of sophistication. They also have a humongous beer selection!! If you sit AT one of the bars - the bartenders there are HILARIOUS and super helpful... one of the gals even mixed two beers for me to make a delicious blueberry oatmeal one for me... LOVE her for that! (And guys - the lady bartenders here are SUPER cute!) Whenever I've sat at a table in the evening to watch the bands the service is really slow, which is too  bad. I've actually left CBL because drinks have gone so long without being filled. Last time I was here with a gf of mine, we waited (after waving her down) over half an hour for our check. Bleh. I say visit CBL, watch the awesome groups/bands they have FROM THE BAR... or sit at the outside bar and find some fun entertainment from those bartenders. Of course I'll be back because it's as neat place! Check em out!
4	Always a good time !  Best live music, lively and Upbeat atmosphere, mixed crowd of Twenty-Somethings to Fabulous Fifties type folk.
4	GREAT selection of local beer, good food, trendy and semi-classy, loud live music that kills conversation and packed. If you are looking to go out with friends for a drink and a live band and don't care about conversation, this is a great place.  The set up is cool, the band plays behind the bar, but that makes it really hard to talk to the bartender. They have A LOT of beers on tap and I was impressed by their selection of local brews. They even had a few THAT Brewery beers which I can't recall seeing anywhere else.  Another good feature is that the kitchen is open late and the food is very good, it's much better then typical "bar food."
4	Last weekend, my boyfriend and I visited Bisbee, AZ and met a gentlemen there who told me to visit Copper Blues when I returned to Phoenix.  I'm a big beer fan, so when he said that the bar had 60 plus beers on tap, I was ready to try the place out.  My best friend and I wandered into the bar around 8 pm on a Wednesday, and I was surprised to see many customers sitting around the bar and at tables.  We sat at the bar right in front of the stage, and the bartender greeted us promptly and took our order.  I was pleased to find some of my favorites on tap - Delirium Tremens, Lost Abbey, Chimay, etc.  For those of you who do not drink beer, they had a great liquor selection to choose from.  I thought it would be ridiculously loud sitting at the bar once the live music got going, but I could still carry on a conversation with my friend without screaming at her.  A reggae band was on stage that night, and they were quite entertaining.  The only thing that I really didn't enjoy was the food.  My friend and I were both quite hungry when we ordered the food, but it wasn't good enough for us to finish it even though we were starving.  We got a plate of wings and the chicken nachos.  The buffalo wings were quite salty and lacked flavor, and the honey hot wings were not hot and tasted just like honey was poured on the wings.  As for the nachos, the actual nacho chips were way to salty, the salsa didn't have any flavor, and the chicken topping was dry and cold.  I really enjoyed the atmosphere at Copper Blues.  I would definitely visit again to have some beer and cocktails, but I know I am going to pass on the food.
5	GREAT atmosphere!  The place had a ton of people in it but the place is laid out so you can still move around without having to squeeze between crowds.  We came here on a pub crawl and it was by far the best bar we went to.  It was the last stop and my wife was a little hungry so she ordered some food -- she was eating it within 5 minutes.  I can't remember the last time we had service this quick after midnight at a bar.  Definitely going back again.
5	Our favorite place in Downtown Phoenix. Best happy hour specials, both in price and beer selection....service is outstanding (and pretty easy on the eyes, not trying to sound too chauvinistic). Great place to settle in and enjoy a few before a show next door at Stand Up Live, food selection is "sophisticated bar food" (which is right up my alley); artisan pizza selection is to die for. Smoking patio you can drink on, which has my favorite view of Downtown Phoenix at Central and Washington. Great place to see a band, as their stage is right in the middle of their wraparound bar. Great place to start or end the night.
5	Great food and drinks! Really enjoy their happy hour, especially because its on the weekend too! It was perfect to stop by before a Suns game!
4	Fabulous tap selection which always pulls me into a spot. Live music is always a great show! Nice crowd with a variety of individuals. I highly recommend grabbing some drinks before&after attending a stand up show next door.
3	They have a great selection of beers on tap. But notably for me, they don't have the "favorite" ones. They have New Belgium's 1554, but not Fat Tire? O'Dell Brewing 90 Schilling but not the Red Ale? Dos Equis lager but not Amber? (Well maybe 90 Schilling is everyone else's favorite and the Red Ale is just mine.. but no Fat Tire?) Lucky for me though, Kiltlifter is on tap so I am happy. Happy hour is $3 drafts and $4 crafts. I still haven't figured out who wants/orders a beer shot and why this is available. The food is just ok. Ordered the trio of dips - beer cheese, guac and salsa. I would just say it's so-so. Not amazing, not bad - but pretty expensive at $11 for what you get. I would skip it for the price. The Mediterranean chicken sandwich is just ok - the bread is dry and the chicken is sparse. I wouldn't order it again.This place gets packed on the weekends. Expect long waits at the bathrooms - partially because there are that many people there, and partially because you can't tell which stalls are filled and which aren't. They have live music on the weekends - which is pretty darn good cover bands. It's a fun atmosphere and the only reason I would dock it down is because the service can be sparse. Also - parking downtown just generally is not awesome. I found that the best place to go is on Washington between 3rd and 4th ave and just walk.
4	Energetic atmosphere and lots of different beers.  The music was good too- a nice variety on Saturday night. Karioke on Friday was a blast too.
1	After reading all the other reviews I'm wondering if we came on an off night.  We had a groupon and went there just for food, a little later on a Sunday night.  Our waitress was nice but inattentive.  It took a long time to order.  Upwards of 40 minutes.  We ordered the pretzels, Mac and cheese, and the bbq pizza.  The pretzel sticks were so chewy there was no way they were not reheated from hours earlier, I could barely bite pieces off.  The cheese dip that came with them was the only redeeming part.  The Mac and cheese tasted like metal, as if it had been sitting in that cast iron pan all weekend before it was cooked, and they left off the chip topping that was described in the menu. Also, we got the wrong pizza.  The pizza we had was okay, don't know what it was- something with pepperoni and sausage.  I realize we didn't come during prime food hours, but still.  I'm usually the least picky restaurant person at the table, and I thought everything from service to food was pretty bad.  We will never, ever go back.
3	I'm all about the bartenders, the floor staff is doing better. The food could use some work.
4	Really one of the better tap selections in the Valley. What it lacks in higher-end Belgians or obscure specialty beers, it makes up for with Arizona taps. And, with those Arizona taps at only $3 during their generous happy hour, this makes for a must-stop bar for beer lovers. Almost every available Valley brewery seemed to be represented, as well as most of the ones in Flagstaff. Impressive.I love the space too. Cityscape is such a cool development and it's nice to see it doing well. But, in the front bar, you've got this great view out of huge open windows. It's a wonderful spot to sit for an after work drink, and it seems as though the clocked out office workers constitute much of their early evening business.I've had good service here, but I don't appreciate their Hooters-style skimpy clothes. It just doesn't seem necessary.The food isn't great, but it's really cheap during happy hour. We had the mac & cheese, and I would more appropriately call it "mac & grease, with cheese."The bathroom (men's, at least), is pretty weird. It looks like that of a very fancy restaurant. I wouldn't be surprised to see a guy in there handing out towels later in the evening.Overall, I really liked this place and have already suggested it to others.
3	I would say this place is "eh".  Actually I tried to get my co-workers to leave after a few rounds but they seem to like to stay put whereas I would rather bounce around.  Biggest complaint...inconsistency.  My first waitress brought by Vodka Tonic with a nice little glass full of lemon and lime slices and the second waitress didn't.  Not a big deal, but you should get the same service from everyone.  The waitresses wear little tiny vests with not shirt underneath and their breasts popping out; so if that is your thing, you may like it hear (the men with me certainly did).  There was live music at 9:30 but it was advertised for 5:30 which is what we planned for so that was a bummer.  The pretzel appetizer was good, pizza was ok at best.  Overall, I wouldn't go back.
3	Copper Blues was a lot of fun. The night I was there they did not have a live band but were playing tons of good music. The place was spacious enough to move around without being up in someone's grill. The downside was that when a comedy show let out, there was a mad rush to the bar, and it took forever to get your drinks.That being said, -- being next door to Stand Up Live is awesome. When you're done with the show, head next door to Copper Blues and have a great rest of the night recanting the jokes you've heard earlier. Often, the comedians will also come out and join you for some drinks between sets. I'll be back!
4	Super Food Salad for $12 is amazing and HUGE! Moscow Mule with Jameson is money (recommended by waitress). Great atmosphere, good bang for your buck, awesome food and drinks!
5	Amazing downtown chill spot. For the veggie's out there, you MUST try their veggie sandwich, really fresh vegetables that aren't overly sauteed. Also, super addicting shoe string fries with sriracha ranch. Had a really relaxing time with friends. Chanely (hope I spelled that right), you're super sweet thanks for the great service!
1	We came here for dinner before a comedy. About 6pm got a table got drinks at 6:20pm ordered nachos, turkey club, Italian sandwich and grilled cheese at 6:30. When Tits McGee our waitress came by and brought us our 2nd round of beers she was flirting with two drunk guys and after that she said she will check on our meal but after 45mins I were wondering if she was gone. We finally asked for a manager because it was now 7:15 and no food and no idea if it was even close to being done. We debated on leaving but the girls I was with were starving so we stayed. Manager came back offered us chips and salsa and paid for our drinks because the kitchen was backed up and he said that he wouldn't be able to get our food down here in 15 mins. I'm thinking Tits McGee forgot to put in our order. I have a groupon for this place and I can never ever seem to use it, this is the 3rd time I've tried!!! Bummer! Anyways manager offered to fix our next visit and have us his cards. I will def get in contact and see if he can fix this previous visit.
5	Love this place! Awesome live music! Best  beer selection in phoenix and possibly all of Arizona! Just when I thought I tried all the beers on tap they added a ton of new ones to their huge selection! Most beers are 5 or 6 bucks for great craft beers!! (Which is pretty reasonable for a great beer I think!) AND happy hour 3-6 every day of the week! No where has happy hour on the weekends anymore, except this place! I always think people don't remember me when I go to a bar but the servers and bartenders here always come up and say hi they're so friendly it makes me feel comfortable every time I walk in there!
5	Awesome place have a few too many beers!! Great food great live music. Restrooms are clean. Love the deco.
4	I came here during HH, which is everyday from 3-6pm. We walked in and sat near the bar, which had high top tables, floor to ceiling windows, and even plants growing along the windowsills. I thought bugs might be a problem but not one showed up anytime during our visit.Our waitress handed us menus and told us all food items are on HH and certain beers are only $1! And, when I checked in on Yelp, I recieved an offer for a free beer shot! They have over 60 beers on tap so lots of classics, local brews and more! In addition, I also ordered a Moscow Mule, which did NOT come in a copper mug :(After drinks came, we ordered food. I ordered a turkey club on cibatta with house made chips and my friend ordered the cilantro shrimp pizza. Food came out and was delicious. Service overall was fine, I really liked the restaurant and food. Even though we weren't here during the evening hours to hear music, Copper Blues is definitely somewhere I want to check out again!
4	I've been here a few times and I like this bar overall. There are a lot of business people who go and that makes it feel a little classier than gypsy. They have a huge beer selection and the drinks are pretty tasty. They are a bit pricey though.They always have live music and the band plays above the main bar and it's really cool looking. I'd say this bar is less dancey and more chill at a bar stool/table etc. The only other real downside, other than the price is that it tends to be a real taco fest, so if you're a single lady that can be disappointing.Everything is clean and elegant. It is a bit more upscale than most bars around there, but you will fit in wearing jeans and a t-shirt or a dress with heels. It is a little less hipster full than the usual too so I enjoy it when I'm sick of the hipster scene at lost leaf.
3	Just ok.  Went in with coworkers. Good vibe, decent band, and fun crowd.  Ordered a few appetizers; steak bites and wings.  Flavorless!  Ever salt chicken wings!  If you go here,  have a cocktail, listen to tunes, and skip the food!
3	Yup, its amazing for music and the number of beers on tap.  Food just gets the job done and helps you not throw up from too much alcohol.Short rib pizza wouldn't be so bad if they didn't cut it with so much caramelized onions.  Double the meat, forget the onions!
5	I had a great time here. They have a good selection of beer including a personal favorite"Delirium." They have good live music but no true dance floor. After a Delirium or 4 I made an impromptu dance floor in front of our table and made a fool out of myself.
4	This place is great and one of our typical stops on the weekend.  One great thing about them is that they have live music every weekend! They are almost always great bands.  They also have an amazing beer selection of over 60 beers on tap! The only thing that really brings it down to a four star is that it can get a bit expensive! Their beers generally range from $5-8 and only some local beers apply to happy hour. Their Happy hour is from 3-6, with great deals on their appetizers and pizzas. Their food is also delicious! Try the nachos.
3	I really like the beer selection and specials they offer.  The new menu looks great too.  The only problem is that they're always out of every good seasonal beer on the menu.  Went here tonight and they were out of six we tried ordering.  10% of what they claim to offer.  Service is always really slow.  Takes 20 mins to get your check or order a second beer.  Hopefully yard house or a chain piano bar won't take it over as I like having local businesses in the area.
1	Can I give them a negative 4? Worst staff. Worst food. Worst management. Horrible all around. I have never in my life been treated the way I was treated tonight. I am embarrassed for "Copper Blues". Wow. I will never go there again. Ever. Wow.
3	Excellent happy hour deals! Met a friend i haven't seen in over 20 years here. I'd never been and since he was in town to see a baseball game, i YELP'd nearby spots and this place popped up!it's in a cool little area with lots of other chains and the comedy club in the same complex. today was even neater because there was a free jazz concert in the plaza. when we arrived, the place was empty (about 3:30pm). we grabbed a seat outside and were immediately served water. their happy hour deals are tremendous....nearly all their beers and their entire menu is discounted deeply for HH. my friend had never had AZ beer but he got his fill of San Tan's and 4-Peaks. for food, he ordered a burger and said it was pretty good. i didn't anticipate any vegetarian options but lo and behold! a veggie burger! the food came fast but i was sorely disappointed by my "burger". it was essentially a bunch of grilled greens....mostly like cabbage type. it was ok, but not filling in the least. the ambiance is nice for a drink spot and for the guys, ALL the servers are eye candy so be careful after you've had too much too drink...you'll tip WAY too much!!! btw....it's on a light rail stop! and....they validate parking! woo-hoo!
4	I can only speak about the experience of Happy Hour. I was all about cheap drinks and a new experience and that is what I got. $1 beer shots during the 3-6pm Happy Hour allowed me to try several different beers that I would never have known about. They have a pretty extensive wall of beers. The bartenders (I went 2 days in a row) were friendly and knowledgeable. They gave me beer education and guided me on what beers to try based on my likes and dislikes.
5	I was here for my friend's bachelorette party and they were the best! Server was awesome and the manager helped get my friend and on stage. Going to be back!!
4	My boyfriend and I had been wanting to check this place out for a while. I live that the stage is set up behind the bar and taps. It looks really cool. Being Sunday evening it was pretty slow, but for Cinco de Mayo they had this neat band from Tucson called Santa Panchita...I think. They were good and weren't too loud or obnoxious. They had a really talented trumpet player. Unfortunately, I don't speak Spanish so I wasn't sure what they were saying but the melodies were upbeat and fun. We didn't order any food this time, but the beer selection was great! I am NOT a beer fan by any means, so I love that they offer a free beer shot when you check in on Yelp. I tried the Papago Vanilla Orange Blossom beer. The 2 ounces was just enough since I was DD. My boyfriend and his friend love trying new beers, so they tried a few and really liked that there were so many Arizona brews represented. We will definitely be back!
4	We have gone for happy hour. The food is okay but what can you do it is a bar. The drinks were good. The soft pretzel are good too. They had a good selection of draft beers. The live music was good. The place is really fun to hang out because a variety of people are there.  It gets packed on Friday and Saturday night. So I would get there early if you want a place to sit.
5	This place is rad! Like the most epic Bar\Club that I've ever seen! great live music, 60 rotating taps, pretty sweet crowd, awesome location. The Works!
5	Live music. Great food.  Beautiful people.  Great atmosphere.  Awesome selection of beers.  Killer service thanks to Jenna.  A++Downtown PHX is hit or miss...this place brings everybody in!!
1	No no no no. The bartenders were rude and looked miserable. Clearly they hate their jobs as much as I hated being there. Skip this place. Not worth it.
4	What a great place.I had the strawberry chicken salad which was pretty decent.My friend had the steak bites (which look great although I didn't try them) and the fries (which were really good).They have a great beer section. I had the strawberry blond which tasted like Flintstone vitamins.The best part was the gorgeous, awesome and friendly waitress Cassie. I'll go back for sure and am planning to try the steak bites.Cheers
1	I visited here during Comicon this weekend. They had offered 25% off drinks for Comicon guests, and though we drank there most of the weekend wearing our badges, it was like pulling teeth to get the discount (when we managed to get it at all). It was also nearly impossible to get service, as it took 45 minutes for the waitress who we'd been trying to flag down when we joined an existing table finally showed up tableside, grumpy, and smirky. My $9 chips had maybe 2 teaspoons of blue cheese crumbles around the edges and 1/2 tablespoon of bacon scraps. There were about 15 chips on the plate.My friend and I ordered well tequila sunrises which tasted like rancid everclear.The overall impression was decidedly negative, being treated poorly, even if it's just one very rude staff member, is not something I was expecting from a bar I'd enjoyed previously.
3	Great selection of beer, best part of the place!
3	Fun atmosphere, good service, but the food was just ehh. I got the superfood salad and there was no quinoa in it, which is a pet peeve when food comes out missing components. There was a lot of couscous, which is just pasta, not super nutritious & I wanted  something nutritious. The chicken was really dry too. My husband had wings & fries & they were average. The beer selection was fine. I'd come here again but not for the food.
4	Awesome service!! Great happy hour too! We arrived at 5:40pm and the HH ended at 6pm. Our waitress put in a double drink order for the HH price and brought our drinks over as we finished each one. She also did the same with our food order. My mom ended up spilling some of the chipotle sauce on her white pants and our waitress took notice and ran to get some club soda. I was out of water and before I could ask for more, there she was with a fresh glass.  Love this place :)
5	Fell in here on a Thursday night, they had live band Karaoke.  What a blast.Great brew selection, try the pretzels, we had great service all night!
5	Strawberry fields martini + late night food +amazing live band = best place down town!
5	Fantastic atmosphere. They have one of the best beer selections in downtown. Always have live music and an awesome staff.
2	Sorry guys, I'm not coming back for a while.Last time we were there, it was cold out. They had 3 or 4 propane heaters, all out of propane. We got sat next to the window (more of a hole, there's no glass). Needless to say we were freezing the entire time. Our food got cold instantly. No one seemed to care. We had to start waving down the bartender to get us wait staff.I used to like this place, but after that terrible experience and how little they gave a shit I will find a better place to drink at. I suppose what they do fits for that area. The comedy club next store is a rip off and I'll never be going back there either.
1	Just got escorted out because one of our friends was carrying a military ID. thanks for respecting those who keep our country safe.
4	Fun place to hang out and dance to some live music downtown. Check in for the free beer shot... they have some great craft beers on tap!
4	Nice place with mid age crowd. Very good band tonight playing 80's Rock & Roll. Pizza and nachos were tasty, good drinks and large selection of beer.  Outside section with fans and inside where band plays is air conditioned. Would definitely try again for light dinner, drinks with friends, and if you want music.
4	Are you not entertained? This is a great crowd, and a fun place to hang out. I've gone a couple of times during the amazing live band karaoke. When I brought my friend along to jump on the mic singing CeeLo Green (all songs uncensored, because this is for fucking grown ups!), the audience went wild and he disappeared to presumably walk around giving everyone hi-fives. This is a good beer bar, in which you'll pay reasonable prices from the draught selection. It's an eclectic mix of brews that will please lovers of any genre, whether it's a hefe or a porter. The porters and IPAs are awesome here. Just be wary of ordering something a bit off the beaten path. My Dogfish Head 90 Minute seemed more than a bit flat. The outside bar is where I prefer to sit, even if it's exposed to the brutal Phoenician summer nights. The inside is always packed...absolutely full when I enter, and it's not really clear how to maneuver myself to order a beer on the inside. Especially with live drums going on full blast and almost nonstop behind the taps. Awkward.Overall, I'll be back many times to say "cheers!" and laugh with my pals. It's easily the most fun I've had in Cityscape.
4	Food: The food I have had here was fantastic! I was here just the other night and had the shrimp pizza. It was delicious! Great pizza dough and high quality ingredients. I had never come to Copper Blues before for the food but I was very pleasantly surprised to see that they actually had a very extensive food menu and the kitchen is open LATE! I will have to come back here in the future to try more of their food. I have also tried the fries with ketchup and sriracha ranch sauce. These were killer!Service: I was disappointed to see so many Yelpers who have had terrible costumer service here. Every time I have been here the staff has been nothing but helpful and accommodating. The bar is always packed, no matter which of the three you are at, but I seem to always be served in a timely manner. Last time I was here I had placed an order for pizza and then almost immediately changed my mind on what toppings I wanted and as soon as I told the waitress she ran to go change the order. She was awesome! I wish I would have gotten her name so I could give her a shout out. I also really appreciate the staff's commitment to the themed parties that are held here. I have been around several times when everyone on staff is dressed in costume to go along with the night's party theme. The entire bar is also very well staffed. bartenders and waiters everywhere to help serve you.Atmosphere: On friday night this place is rocking! There are always tons of people that come out to chill and watch the live music on that iconic stage behind the bar. Copper Blues also has a pretty awesome selection of beers on draft for you to choose from. Anyone can come here and have a good time!
3	Check in for a free beer shot (shot of beer)! There are over 60 beers on tap.Fries:These are so good! The fries are seasoned very well and taste great by itself or with the Sriracha ranch sauce. They weren't quite as crispy as I would have liked, but for me, the seasoning made up for it. The Sriracha ranch added a nice spicy kick. I would definitely order this the next time I'm here. Shrimp pizza:This was okay. The tomatoes were delightful. the dough was nice, and the sauce was savory. I just wish there was some more shrimp on the pizza and that the shrimp would taste fresher. Maybe it was just the few that I had, but the shrimp just didn't taste that fresh to me.Atmosphere:I was here on a Friday night, and the place was pretty full. There was a live cover band inside, which I believe was air-conditioned. It was a fun place.
5	Great food and band. Friendly service. Lots of beers on tap and open to see a lot of downtown. Can't wait to go back again!
5	Had a 10 person band play, with all kinds of different instruments last night. The band was truly amazing and played such a wide variety of up best music. Kiss FM was also there and offered $.01 drinks, so our table got a free round!There was probably 80 beers on tap, had the big blue van beer and it was delicious. Never heard of a lot of the beers, but have so many local beers to try!
3	Eh.   So I've been here a number of times and have been deeply annoyed by it being so busy and crazy with a lot of out of hand patrons.   However, they are just having fun so I shouldn't be such a grump.  Coming during less busy times is way better as the servers are all very sweet and cute, very few of them are dickheads (or at lest they so a good job of pretending) and at least some of them (Shelby in particular) actually know good beer.  They have a lot of singer songwriter types that play covers (defeats the definition of singer songwriter, I know), but I have to deduct a star because they cut off an Alice in Chains song in favor of playing a bunch of dumbass bullshit on the "juke box."  Bad taste.   This is a personal preference review, obviously.
4	Beers were good and a selection I was surprised to see (they have dogfish head 90 minute!) It's a very nice atmosphere and for an older crowd in my opinion. Seemed to be mostly late 20s early 30s
5	We stopped in for a bit of imbibing and light dinner before heading to the comedy club next door. Great service, 60 beers on tap, and a good menu. All I could smell coming in to this place were the nachos and they did not disappoint. Loved the veggie ciabatta sandwich and the house chips as well. Our friend had one of the burgers and he said it was terrific. Loved the vibe here, lots of seating choices and standing too if you're so inclined. I could see that this place might be busy busy on a weekend, but it was pretty fair for a Thursday evening. Might be one of my new favorites downtown and I'm planning to head back one night for live karaoke. Fun.
5	I left a review for both copper blues and stand up live (different names, same owner/entity) on SUL's Yelp page but wanted to make sure CB gets recognition too (copied same review over) Seriously wish I could give 10 stars to this place! We usually start at copper blues for happy hour, amazing selection and the service is even better! Our waitress (so sorry I can't remember the name!) recommended me a fantastic local beer after I described the type that I like. She even told me about a "mixed"  beer she invented from 2 hefefeizens and it was AMAZING! we ordered an appetizer as we waited for our friends to arrive, they were a little late and we were worried about getting good seats for the show next door. Our waitress volunteered to go and reserve us the best spots still available so we could finish our food! When we were ready to head over she escorted us to our table-amazing location- and even carried our drinks. This was above and beyond customer service, by far the best comedy club/restaurant duo I have been to! Unlike Stand Up Scottsdale, water is free, the drinks are delicious, the food is fantastic, and the service is impeccable. I recommend this spot to anyone and everyone!
3	3.5 starsI've stopped in a few times (most of the time when there was a live band). The band was always fun, playing top hits. The crowd always varied. It can take a while to get a drink at the bar, but they do have a good selection of beer.
4	So we finally got a chance to check out Copper Blues in downtown after driving past it for a while. Glad we did! We had a super fun time here. This was my first time but won't be my last!When I liked about the bar so much was the cool strange that is behind the bartenders. Mad the center of attention of the bar focused on the band playing and it was a nice touch having all the taps of craft beer at the base of the stage. Speaking of craft beers, they have over 60 and they are great! Kinda like a live music Yard House. We came here in a night of a Dbacks game. Bar was crowded but because there are 3 bars, and a dedicated area for smokers right outside the. Bar, I really didn't have to wait for a drink or find a place to stand and watch the band. Band was great. So how can I rate a place that has live music and craft beer anything lower than 4 stars.lol.I didn't have any food, but I think I might have found my too go before Dbacks game or event downtown spot.
3	I would recommend this place if you want to go somewhere to JUST dance to live music (not talk to anyone) and you own a pair of earplugs.I came here on a Friday night to hang out with some friends.  We wanted to sit inside because it was a hot night and we needed A/C but it was SO LOUD in there with the live band... wayyyy too loud.  Even if you weren't interested in talking to anyone else and just wanted to listen to the music, it was so loud that it was hurting my eardrums!So we decided to suffer through the heat and sit on the patio, because at least it was slightly quieter out there.  It was still really difficult to talk to anyone though!  And the high-top table we were sitting at was very unstable!  I went to put my elbows on the table and the whole thing tipped over and would've fallen to the ground had we not caught it.  Good thing there were no drinks on it yet!We left after about 10 minutes bc it was just too loud to communicate with our friends and too warm out on the patio.... I guess I'm just getting too old for places like this... but I'm still in my 20s!
4	Fun atmosphere.  Great place to grab a drink, and maybe even watch the game on a Sunday.  Plenty of other options nearby as well if this doesn't suit your taste, but worth checking out.
2	Really wanted to check this place out because of the large on tap selection. It was a Friday night and we were able to get a waitress to us to get our beer order quite fast. There was a band playing cover songs on a stage above the bar taps. I had such high hopes for this place but here is where they went wrong:1. You know when you have a few sips left of your beer and it is warm from your hand? That was the temperature of the beer that we had that night. The glasses were only slightly chilled but did not conduct anything to the beer to help it out. Yuck. 2. Cover band was awful. This is a decent location and a Friday night. The lead singer flubbed up so many words to songs. One case in particular--Santeria by Sublime. How do you mess up the words to that easy song? He also had to hold his phone in front of him to remember the words to an Earth, Wind, and Fire song. The beat was sometimes way off and they had to tell the drummer to speed up or slow down. But the highly inebriated people that were there loved it and danced their butts off regardless.
5	After swinging by Gypsy Bar and Lucky Strike, I popped into Copper Blues on a Thursday afternoon.  The outdoor bar was pretty packed, but the indoor bar only had two people.  I liked the indoor atmosphere better, anyway.  It was dim with lounge lighting and they had the A/C blasting.  We pulled up a couple of seats in front of Alyssa at the bar.  She was friendly, talkative, and easy on the eyes.  The music was set at the right level to maintain conversations, but kept the place lively.  Before we knew it, the bar was packed for happy hour and $1 beer shots.  Everyone was so nice; it was easy to chat it up with the other folks at the bar.  I didn't have time to stick around for Thursday night Karaoke, but I will definitely be back.
5	We had the best time here!  Between the music, the service, and the good food, you can't go wrong.  The happy hour prices are great!  Lee Perreira was playing the night we were there and he was amazing on guitar and singing!  Great blues/rock vibe. We won't hesitate to go back again. This was our first visit, but definitely won't be our last!
5	We came in for lunch last week, for a quick bite to eat and had Rachel as our server. She was quick to greet us and had many recommendations for beers! We had two of the best burgers we had ever had! Rachel knew we were in a hurry to get in and out, so she hurried us our check and still gave us great friendly service! All around awesome experience!! We will definitely be back when we can stay longer and try out more drafts!
4	Good beer,  live music, hella hot waitresses. Good food. Great place for downtown phoenix.
4	Good place for any occasion. Love the live band!! Especially before & after comedy shows.
2	Honestly.. How can you mess up a simple order of grilled cheese with bacon and give NO BACON.  The beer was nasty and bottom of the barrel, the 'tap was out' and then you proceed to give me a cold plate of COLD LIMP BACON to make up for the mistake. This is a MAJOR DISSAPOINTMENT... I'll think twice before I come back..
5	This is a really chill spot especially if you are a beer drinker.  They have 60 beers to choose from and the atmosphere is super chill.  I had the time of my life with the live music.  The crowd is fun and everyone that works there is really cool.  This will definitely be my new spot Friday nights.
4	Good music, great drink selection, great happy hour specials, nice appetizers and tons of seating and open space to enjoy it all.  It always seems to be hoppin on weekend nights, and they have great variety (for example, Reggae on Wednesdays).It's a good-looking place, lots of wood and a nice layout.  The service seemed pretty good, but we were a large party spread all over the place, so it was really hard to tell.  Definitely a great stop if you live in the city, especially with the rest of City Scape for entertainment.
5	Something different depending on when you come in. You've got reggae rock, sing-with-the-band karaoke, cover bands, stand-up comedy...There's a great selection of beers on tap, and the food is actually really good.I've been in on a few Friday nights - very busy, very loud at the bar, definitely not a place for a quiet conversation, or really any conversation that doesn't involve sign language or yelling. But that works for me sometimes.I'm there a couple times a week, and I love the place.
1	Was just here during their slow time, between 3:30-4:30pm on a Thursday, and I'm beyond disappointed with their customer service. I was sitting on the patio at an isolated table with only about 5 other tables being serviced and no one inside, and I left realizing I forgot my sunglasses on the table. I called within 20 minutes to see if they had put them aside and the woman who answered the phone said, "nope, we didn't find any sunglasses". I asked her to please check again and she came back to the phone saying she asked the entire staff and no sunglasses were found. This is disconcerting, because she didn't even care to ask for my name and number in case something was to show up. These were Oliver People sunglasses so they don't come cheap, and they are my favorite. I'm sorry, but a staff member had to have picked them up! What a huge disappointment with this establishment.
3	Every time I go here the place is packed.  Being located in the heart of cityscape it's at a great location. There is always something going on here, live bands, comedy, and good friends.
4	We were looking for a place for a quick dinner before a Phoenix Suns game and decided to try Copper Blues.  It's in CityScape, upstairs about The Corner/ formerly Chloe's Corner.  It was a nice evening so we decided to sit outside, which was lovely.  It was happy hour and they had some great specials going on!  They also have over 60 beers on tap so we tried a few of them.  One in our party had the BBQ Chicken pizza and loved it.  The burgers were excellent as well.  Even though we were outside on the patio with just a few tables our server made sure to check on us regularly. This is definitely a place we'll be returning.
5	Happy hour is off the charts. Biggest glass of wine I've had for 3$. The atmosphere out on the patio was the coolest in Phoenix . Very hard to beat. Waitress was very helpful. Went on a Saturday night and had no problem getting as good table .
2	They won best wings in Phoenix! We had to come. I have had beers there when we came to comedy shows, but never eaten.  So me and my wing loving posse jumped in the SUV and trekked to Cityscape, enjoyed watching some ice skaters fall, and headed in for these wings. They didn't open for about twenty minutes, so we hung on the balcony, chatting up staff. They all knew we were "first in line" As we spoke to ALL of them. Well, as opening time gets closer, several other groups gather up with us to get a seat. Of course, the staff was SO nice to seat them all before us as we watched and said "Hey", "Excuse us". Etc. We dealt though, because the waitress who finally apologized and sat us was very nice. She saved this review from tragic one star prison. Anyhow, we sat down and all wanted to start with wings. "Sorry, we have been out of wings since yesterday". We checked out the rest of the menu, beer specials were not very special at all. So we bailed and went over to Tilted Kilt and had a kickass time. BTW, their wings are not hot, they are whiskey sweet sauced. Just so you know.
5	I got hooked on this place about 2 years ago. AWESOME beer selection from big chains to micro, local to out of state. Live music.Yes the other post are correct they play it so loud you wont be able to have a conversation so its a good place to take the wife or girlfriend. Every day is a different group or a different individual on stage. I've had the pleasure of listening to; country, reggae, hip-hop, dance, top 40, rock, if it has a beat they play it. People are friendly, good looking bartenders. if you get their late seating can be a little hard to find but the bar is really good about getting everyone their drink. If you're from out of town and looking for something social in downtown Phoenix this should definitely be on the list. Comedy club is next door so you might have a picture take with a "star".
4	I stopped in with a friend on a Sunday night while walking around the area and watching the ice skating. There were probably three people in the whole place. Why so dead? It seemed to have gotten slightly more crowded by the time we stopped back in to use the restroom. So we didn't experience the staff past the greeter or order any food or drinks, but I'll be back.
