5	Our situation: bought house, water heater needed replacement. ASAP on THANKSGIVING weekend. We went to the usual suspects: Sears, Home Depot, and Lowes. Sears install $400 and limited install dates, Lowes: $400 and limited install dates, Home Depot: fail. Went in store and they asked us to call the 800-home-depot number, couldn't get anyone on the phone. NOW Plumbers: called, they answered AND they had same day (within an hour or two) installation AND were so much more affordable. For us this point forward, there are no other plumbing specialists but NOW for our family. Thank you Larry and Mike for saving our Thanksgiving!!
5	Amazing service! Mike is the best!
5	Installed new water heater and the results are excellent.  Sam is conscientious, reliable, thorough, knowledgeable and courteous.  Recommend you ask for him for plumbing services.
5	I'm a General Contractor in the Las Vegas area, and have known and used NOW Plumbing and Heating on numerous jobs as well as my own personal residence.  Mike Dixon is one of the most knowledgeable and professional plumbers I've had the pleasure of working with over a career that spans 30 plus years.  In addition, Mike is just a genuinely nice guy!  When I have an emergency, they always seem to fit us in.  Two years ago we moved into a home and the first night when my wife showered upstairs it "rained" in our Kitchen!  Needless to say I was on the phone to Mike right away, and the following morning he had someone out, and had the problem fixed.  Most recently they helped us with a walk-in tub installation, and went on to correct sewer issues, change a water heater, and add a recirculating pump.  They were on time to meet me, and the work was done to my complete satisfaction.  I have no hesitations in referring Mike to associates, friends, and family.  If you are looking for an honest, affordable, and knowledgeable plumbing company, NOW Plumbing and Heating is who you should be calling!
5	We had a water main leak to our home . I called Now Plumbing and one other company to get an estimate. Both companies quoted me approximately the same price. We chose Now plumbing . The job was completed in less than one day . Mike the owner even told us about the water companies one time discount for water leaks , the owner is very professional and has a great crew.
