4	Honey Martin has been around for some 20+ years now, and has earned its place as one of NDGs favorite holes in the wall. It is the place where age really is just a number, at 3AM you might see as many 20 somethings stumbling out of there as you would see 40 somethings. It's just got that kind of allure.Guinness, Smithwicks, Harp and Cider are available on tap, and they have a small selection of bottles to choose from. Personally, I am a bigger fan of their whiskey selection, which is pretty good.They have live bands Thursday through Monday nights (I can't answer for the rest of the week) and the place gets very crowded on those nights. I have seen rockabilly bands (Vibra Kings Blues), blues and rock, among other genres. Overall, this place is a comfortable bar for locals, if you just moved into NDG, come by and say hi, this is where you'll meet your neighbors.
4	Great little bar in NDG. Rolled in to here the other night, and all I can say is this place must be good if they let me in and server me some MOAR BEER.It's a small hole in the wall kind of place, but the vibe is good, and I've always met cool people there. They also have live music some nights.Check it out if you're in the 'hood.
4	In some ways, this is a perfect bar. It's a neighborhood pub in a residential area, it's small with old wood floors, small booths with stained glass, taxidermied owl, a wall of whiskys, boubons and scotchs, Guinness on tap, friendly no stress staff, regulars being friendly to each other and to strangers at the bar.
4	This place is uber cool. Equal parts uber weird and really spontaneous. I'm not sure what makes this place tick, but it does. You never know what to expect. I've been there on Friday nights that were the most boring quiet drunk infested nights ever. And I've been there on Tuesdays where for no apparent reason this place would transform into the centre of the universe. Such a weird, awesome demographic too of old drunks, NDG old timers, young hipsters, throwbacks, yuppies, and college kids. Just such a weird mix that always keeps this place exciting. You can never classify this place, and that's what I think makes it unique.The first like 4 times I went there I wondered "What the fuck is everyone so impressed with this place?" But if you land there on a night where everything clicks, you will see why. They get great bands in here too if you find the right night.An NDG gem.
3	I'd been invited here a number of times but I was left unimpressed when I finally showed up. It was a dead Thursday night so there were only about 8-12 people there the whole time. It was a BEAUTIFULLY decorated space but I wouldn't want to be crammed in here on a busy night. Anyways, pricing was bleh and the service was unacceptable. If there are only ten people here, maybe you shouldn't chill at your bar chatting with your friend before taking over 10 minutes to pour me a beer.Food:  n/aService:  5/10Price:  7/10Atmosphere:  10/10
5	I love this bar-good solid slew of Irish beers on tap, a ton of great liquor, sweet bartenders, good music, nice and safe vibe and good prices. I am an unabashed regular and recommend it to anyone.
