3	It seems that we've been on a whirlwind tour of Dairy Queen locations recently, and this is no exception.  While the Plaza Midwood store looks like it might be one of the originals, and the - possibly closed - counter in Eastland Mall probably opened not too longer after, this Cotswald outlet is of the newer variety, and as such, makes me wonder if it will be more like the similar style that's near Wal-Mart on Albemarle Road (a bad experience all around).For whatever reason, I have to say that it wasn't - the staff is generally quite nice, and service is good.  The only downside to the whole thing is that the store doesn't have much seating inside, so you should typically prepare to get your goodies to go.
2	Now I'm a fan or Dairy Queen, don't get me wrong. I would slam out a DQ vanilla cone dipped in chocolate AND sprinkles everyday if I could. But the staff at this particular location seem to be unqualified. You are probably wondering, how could they be unqualified? It's Dairy Queen?Guess again!Every time I go to this location they have given me the wrong amount of change or none at all. That doesn't bother me, it's the quality of the ice cream. I'm not asking for a Marble Slab masterpiece but I would like my ice cream to maybe resemble.... ice cream? My horrific experience happened when I ordered a banana split; instead of a simple banana split I received some pig slop. It was all mush and no banana. But the worst is that every single time I order a blizzard they do the whole fruit on the top nothing on the bottom thing(instead of mixing it up, hence the name "blizzard").I'm still a slave to DQ but won't be returning to this location for a while. Good Luck!
4	I'm not sure I even realized this was here before tonight.  Thank goodness it is!  From time to time you just gotta have some DQ.  The kids behind the counter were pleasant, respectful, and pour a hearty cup.
4	Yeah, I have this DQ 4 stars...don't judge me. Sometimes you just need that white artificial softserve and cake cone, or Blizzard.  Sometimes you *don't want* all-natural, super premium ice cream costing a hoity-toity $8.  Sometimes, you just want to be taken back to childhood, when the Dilly bar was the most important thing you look forward to all week. This DQ is clean and bright, and the employees do their job well.  DQ has certainly evolved since my day...not featuring a mini Blizzard which is exactly what I needed.  (Since I could never finish even the smallest size.) Get your sprinkles on.
3	Stopped in to get my always there "mini" blizzard fix.  I don't normally find myself in the Cotswald area, but this shopping center has much more to offer than a Harris Teeter and some other shops.  Depending on what you are looking for you can easily spend a nice afternoon in this area.The DQ is of your standard DQs...  service was quick and friendly and the dining room was clean.  We just beat the DQ rush since after we sat down, there were 20 people that came through and there was a bit of a line for a while - I just sat there enjoying my blizzard in front of impatient, screaming kids.  It was a bit satisfying.
5	Such great customer service, I love coming to this Dairy Queen because I can always count on a clean environment with great ice cream! The manager and staff are so welcoming whenever I come in.  I love the blizzards, hot fudge sundaes, and the hot dogs are amazing as well! I give this Dairy Queen five stars, which I rarely do.
1	If I could it rate this Dairy Queen with 0 stars I would! I don't know if it was a fly landing on me while I was waiting in line or if it was the multiple fruit flies bombarding the menus against the wall that was more disgusting. if that wasn't bad enough I had to wait while the employees spoke to each other in the back before even noticing me for a good five plus minutes. needless to say there was nothing Queen like about this experience.
4	Not too many bad things to say about this location.  Every time I've gone I've gotten what I asked for.  It seems to be fairly clean; I've noticed nothing to make me think otherwise.  The service was fast and friendly so, yeah, no complaints really.
