4	A great place to spend hours and buy nothing.  Seriously - I don't know how they've stayed in business all these years.  I don't think I've ever gotten anything there over $10.  As I kid my mom would bring me out here and do the "Do you know what this is?" game where she would tell me about how it was some amazing old cooking/farming/horse riding/animal-husbandry kind of item and my grandparents had one just like it when she was a kid.  It was fun to find ones that stumped her.  Because as a kid you feel like your parents know everything about everything - so it's fun to test their knowledge.  I feel like the place doesn't have quite the same wide selection that it did when I was a kid - but with the higher costs out here I suppose they need to stay in business.  So if you like"the hunt" of shopping at all - I'd totally suggest this for you.  Great place to find something cool - or have fun finding nothing at all.
4	This place is cool, if you into this kind of thing. Its just a tons of "Junk" scattered around and you get to walk through there and pick what you like. Now, when i say "Junk" i do not mean Garbage by any means. Its just..... well.... hard to describe. Some stuff is actually made/built, some pieces are parts of other things, some others are indescribable, some are actual junk LOL. If you have open mind, have some time, a few bux and a car - Go check it out. Its real neat and unusual."I like"Eugene
4	"One of the world's most unusual stores." That's their slogan, and yeah, it's pretty accurate. The variety is mind-boggling... rugs, mirrors, paintings, handmade furniture, dishes, sculptures/statues, farm equipment, and, as other reviewers said - junk. Prices seem reasonable, I guess - kind of hard to know if $600 is a steal or a rip-off for a life-size flying unicorn (see pics)... I mean, I'm not sure where I'd go to compare prices on something like that.I wasn't looking for anything in particular, and that's the right attitude for this place - you never know what you're going to find. Thankfully I followed Eugene's advice and only took in the cash I was willing to spend - otherwise, in addition to the neat little end table / magazine rack I found, I definitely would have walked out with a super cool but totally unnecessary $200 iron monkey statue (see pics).One last note - it's a big place, and a good portion of it is pretty much outdoors (some covered, but not air conditioned), so if you go during the summer months, I recommend going early, before it gets too hot - they open at 10am (7 days a week). Otherwise you won't  be able to really spend the time this place deserves.
3	The town dump is a great concept and I agree with others, it is a fun place to kill a few hours and buy nothing. Some interesting items: a huge metal pig, a room of all steel images of Dias De Los Muertos, a 15 foot tall orange ladies leg, animals from a merry go round, tons of mexican pottery, art, mirrors, all sorts of steel designs.. So basically a lot of everything.. The only disappointment was the price, I guess they cater their prices to tourists? I don't know who else in their right mind would pay these exuberant amounts.. Especially knowing there are about 100 other places to find similar stuff for 1/2 the price all over the valley.Either way if you find yourself in Cave Creek it is a cool place to check out.
4	If only they didn't charge an overweight fee for luggage, i would have filled mine with an iron buffalo and been on my way. So many great things (and photo ops as seen in my new profile pics).I bought a $12 metal flower for my aunt because she collects all things turquoise and forest green, and where else on earth are you going to find a forest green rose????I actually didn't think the prices were all that crazy, but then again I was only in town for a few days visiting and hadn't found the same pieces anywhere else. I did say if I moved there I would absolutely need the 6 foot tall howling coyote in my front yard.I spoke with a fellow traveler who was purchasing 2 or 3 iron horse heads. I heard her say something about shipping, and I incredulously asked, "Oh! You're going to have to ship those?" She said, "Yeah, we have to!" I wouldn't want to see THAT bill but when you have to, you have to! I get that.
4	This is a pretty cool place is you need some weird outdoor westerny crap for your house.  They have like 2000 metal sculptures and surely one of them will suit your fancy.  Since I don't have a yard, I didn't really find anything for me...but you might.  If you have friends in town who want something stupid and southwestern, skip Gilbert Ortega and just take them here.
3	Basically, if you combined all the pottery stores with all the antique stores, and threw in some place that made weird metal sculptures, then this is what you'd get.  This place is packed full with so much crap you don't really know what to do with yourself.  The inside portion is rather uninteresting, with lots of stuff that looks like you could get it all on the Mexico border.  A lot of the stuff is unfortunately not unique as I saw lots and lots of multiples of things.  Outside however is a different story.  There is pottery for days and all sorts of iron work to keep your eyes entertained.  venture a little further and you will find an entire room full of Native American drums and a giant orange leg.  You really have to see that one to believe it.  Wander some more and you will see a metal version of pretty much every animal and plant you can think of.  This store is great for entertainment value, but not really for buying anything.
1	If I can be honest, my wife, daughter and I simply tried to make the most of it since we were almost certain we would be murdered. It was scary as hell and there was NOTHING even worth considering buying. It's dirty, gross and in the middle of a nowhere totally freaky town. I'm actually positive that this is the town that "From Dusk 'Til Dawn" took place in at the end. Stay away, go find a scorpion to sting you in the eye instead.
1	Listen, the place is kitschy, silly and if you are into seriously tacky Mexican reproduced goods this is your mecca. Unfortunately for the owners,I will not support bad customer service. Bitter, bitter, very unattractive couple works the register.I will not go back. I say, check out Buffalo Bills just down the road!
5	WOW!  We literally spent almost two hours at this place!  The antiques are very unique!  The pricing for their items are fair!We bought a tiney dresser for my husband for under $200.00.  Loved the quality and how rare this furniture looked!  This is one place you have to visit!
1	1 star, because there isn't a lower rating available. - We were driving up from Scottsdale specificly to go to the Town Dump. We were on vacation from Indianapolis and wanted to go there to see if we could find a gift / souvenier for the mom of a young girl that was vacationing with us. We were half way there when we called  to see what time they close. The woman on the phone said 6 pm.  We explained we were from out of town and were in route at the time  of the call and it looked like we would be arriving a few minutes before 6pm. We asked if we got there before 6pm, would we still be able to shop. The woman said no, because they had a contract with an alarm company which required them to set the alarm exactly at 6pm. ( I find this hard to believe.)Since we were already half way there, we decided to see if maybe we could arrive fast enough for the woman to allow us the honor of shopping for junk in her store. We pulled into the lot at 10 till 6. I thought great, we can run thru the store real fast with Maddie to see if anything caught her eye. We jumped out of the car quickly and headed toward the door. The woman was outside and practically ran to beat us there. She grabbed the security gate and pulled it across the door shaking her head no. When I said , but it's 10 minutes before 6. She said in a snotty voice, "it's 3 till and we have already set the code."  Even telling her we drove from Scottsdale specifically to go there, it did not sway her.In summary, I know my watch was not off. I know we had 10 minutes. I would have been ok with her saying we had to leave at 6 or a minute before. The bottom line is, she was cold, heartless, uncaring, self centered, uncompationate and I will never go there again.
3	Neat place in Carefree that offers home goods and some smaller knick knacks.   Very eclectic product base at the store. But they have high end prices on most items.
1	I live on the outskirts of Cave Creek and stop here occasionally.  Every time I stop, I ask myself why in the world did I stop here again?  The staff/owner are rude and the stuff isn't worth the money.  If you want service with a smile or any service for that matter, DON'T stop here.  There are plenty of other  stores in Carefree and Cave Creek who will treat you with courtesy and have better prices.
1	*** IF I COULD GIVE 0 STARTS I WOULD***DO NOT SPEND YOUR HARD/EASY MADE MONEY HERE!!!! I stopped here on Thursday of last week for the first time. I was looking around for some photography props and had found an ok chair. The price was double if not triple what it should me. I mean it's a chair made out of pallets and they are charging $60 for it. Ridiculous. So I went inside and kindly asked if they negotiated prices and she said NO they are set. I said ok and thought no biggie. Because it was so dead I had asked her in a kind voice if it gets busy for her on the weekends and she said in the snottiest voice "I don't know, I don't work the weekends". She never stopped to speak with me or look me in the eye. So flipping rude. The day this place closes is the day I am throwing a party. I am so for supporting  local business and this lady and place makes it hard to sell this to others. She/they ruin it for other business owners. List to the people coming to your store and make a change or say bye bye to your store.
3	There are some specific good things about The Town Dump and a lot of stuff that could be ignored. If you're looking for western metal/iron hardware to finish wood projects or big metal sculptures for your back yard, this is a great place to come. If you're looking for an eclectic decor item, this is also a good place to visit.  If you're looking for normal, new, predictable decor items...this is not a good place to visit. There really is just a large random assortment of stuff, not organized in any particular way, and people seem to enjoy browsing around.
1	RUDE! DO NOT SPEND A PENNY HERE!! HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE...If I could put ZERO STARS I would. My family I went into this store to check it out and we found some items we were interested in buying. We asked the lady about the items and store policies, she basically pointed to a sign and rolled her eyes at us.  Then started mumbling something very rude and sarcastic to the man that work there about us and he also was insulting. I was appalled by these miserable people and their customer service. If you like overpriced junk and rude service then this is place to be, I for one and all the other people I've talk to will NEVER step foot in this place of business again!
1	I actually love this store - the items are unique and it's really a fun place to explore.  However - you would think that when a person is spending $3000 in a place they would let you use the restroom!!! Nope - they refuse to allow me to use the rest room and made me go across the street to use it at a restaurant.  HOW RUDE is that?  I have not gone back since then.
1	AHHHH really!!! Walked in to ask a question, and lady sitting at the desk looked up from her book and looked at us and replied "What" i was so shocked i laughed out loud. Thats how you talk to costumers..... So sorry we bothered you from reading your book! So rude!!!
1	Finished with the Fiesta Days parade, we stopped in and were surprised to find a couple items we liked, because our previous experience has always been that they are overpriced.  Friend went to car to get our wallets and apparently the owner had arrived and was now patrolling their EMPTY parking lot like a junkyard dog.  She asked friend if she was watching the parade, which she obviously was not, insisting to her and me  that we had to move the car. Needless to say, we moved the car...on down the road. I noticed the many other reviews on here describing the owner as rude and couldn't agree more. For a delightful shopping experience, continue on west on Cave Creek Rd. a mile or so to Valerie's, who's really nice and  carries beautiful locally made merchandise.
4	A unique shopping experience!  If you're looking for something unusual for your home or office you owe it to yourself to stop here and take a look around.  I don't know how many thousands of items they have but each time you turn your head you'll see something that will catch your eye.The main building has the best "stuff" but you must walk around and visit the outbuildings which are actually very well organized; not something you'd expect.  You will notice that a lot of the iron products have rust, a designer friend tells me that just makes it more unique.I'm a local but I've taken out of towners here and they've bought things and had them shipped back home.  The store will happily pack and ship your item for you but you might save a few bucks if you do it yourself (I doubt that they charge anymore to pack/ship than the UPS Store).Go in, have a look around then visit the surrounding area. a lot of cowboy touristy places nearby and you can find some terrific Indian Fry Bread just west of the Town Dump (same side of the road).
1	This place is a joke!  Don't waste your time. First off they have the most rude people working there. The place is filthy and all of the signs on the door let you know they could give a crap to have your business. The inventory is overpriced. What an insult to a special charming town. If you want some fantastic Mexican pieces, go to Mexicana Rose. They have incredible customer service, great items & great prices. I will never go back to the town dump. That's exactly what it is..... A dump with rude staff!!
2	I have to agree with a lot of the posts here, that the customer service is non existent. I was here last Monday. No one welcomes you in, says hello, or can I help you. They do their best to ignore you! I am local, and spent a day in town, as a way to unwind, have some fun, and support the local economy. I did buy a piece here, that I liked, but my experiece was not fullfilling, and their attitude was indifferent, as if they could care less. How do they stay in business? Wow! I went to a similar place at the west end of town, and was treated very nicely, with a smile, and just what I would expect. I will go back there for sure, and skip the dump. I think it is time for the dump to get dumped!
1	Overpriced crap from Mexico mostly. Can save you a trip across the border for kitschy junk, but that's about it. Not at all what I thought it would be based on the name. The place is littered with made to look old items that aren't.  The worst kind of deception a retailer can try to pull on the unsuspecting.  I am unimpressed, will not be back.
