5	Although Jim's isn't flashy on the outside, and scared me for the first few years I was here, I decided to actually go inside one morning I was completely impressed with the food, service, and diner atmosphere. Hands down, my favorite place to go after a long crazy night of partying. Fun to go with a group, or by yourself and sit at the counter reading the paper.Caution: I've never actually had the coney island here, so I can't vouch for it. However, I do LOVE the hamsteak, it is a great large portion is always cooked to perfection!
4	A friend of mine invited me out for brunch to Jim's Coney Island Cafe.  I must have passed it a million times, but never really noticed.  The location is on the West side of Scottsdale road, just north of the freeway.  It's tucked beside an apartment complex and is a freestanding little restaurant.You seat yourself with choices ranging from seats at the bar to cozy two-seater booths to your more typical larger booths.  There is even room in the back for private parties.  Once I found an open booth, I was quickly greeted and supplied with beverages.We stopped in for brunch at about 10am on a Monday holiday, but judging by the depth of the menu, you can pretty much enjoy some good items at reasonable prices for lunch and dinner as well.  The cuisine offers Mexican, Greek and Polish influences.  I had to get the Greek Omelette.  It was a three egg omelette with large mushrooms, chopped tomatoes, gyro meat and crumbled feta cheese.  Side options vary from something healthy like cottage cheese to skillet cooked potatoes ("house fries"), which were nice.  My eggs were not quite warm enough for my taste, which I think had to do with the fact that we waited quite some time for the food to arrive.  The service was super friendly but not super fast, so I would come to this establishment when you have some time to kill. Nice ambiance, thumbs up :)
5	What a gem of a diner.  It's a total throwback and the people working here make you feel right at home.  I bet it's easy to become a regular after just one visit.  The menu is so diverse and full of everything you could want from a diner.  I tried the Coney Island Dog because I'm the only one I know who's actually heard of coney dogs and I so miss them.  It was pretty good, but how could you possibly mess up a hot dog of any kind?  My friend had some green chili omelet thing and a side of biscuits and gravy.  Mmmmm, some seriously good diner food!The best part was our waitress.  She ended up reading our astrological birth charts right there at the table, just for fun.  She had the kinda personality that makes diners like this special.  If you're in the area and want a laid back, no BS kinda place to grab a bite, try Jim's Coney Island.  I only wish they were open later because this would be a great late night spot!
4	Do you like it when you sit at the counter in a diner and the waitress calls you "Hon"..."Sweetie"..."Darlin' "? I know...I do too! It makes me feel like I've stepped back in time, to some mis-remembered past that probably never really happened to me (I may have watched too much TV many years ago...in fact when I walk into Jim's Coney Island, it seems to be in black and white, to me:) After my workout today, I was looking for a good place to retox:) I hadn't been to Jim's in quite a while, and this seemed to be a good time to get back to the lunch counter at Jim's:) Jim's throws the love at you...in any other hands this stuff is just regular diner fare...you know, the blue plate specials...the patty melts...the ham and cheese sandwiches...the clam chowder from the big white one gallon can...the frozen chicken fried steaks...you know, just good, solid diner food:) But, when they call me "cutie" as they serve my coney island and fries, it just makes everything...better:) What can I tell you...I'm a sucker for flattery:) That's not to say that Jim's serves crappy food and makes up for it with flattery...in fact it's all very tasty (including the actual coney island hot dog...not chili dog...coney island hot dog:)...but it's not really special food. So, what is special about Jim's? It's the atmosphere, ambiance, the nice people, the varied and eclectic menu and specials (Liver & Onions, Greek Feta Salad and Bacon/Avocado Omelet, all juxtaposed on the specials menu today, along with the normal 100+ items on the regular menu:) About the only thing I would add to Jim's, would be homemade pie...a lunch counter like this needs 4-5 great pies, so I would have a place to go and have a cup of coffee and a piece of banana cream pie...but that's a quibble, not a criticism:) Jim's takes me back to the days when I could sit down at the counter for lunch, next to Hugh Beaumont, and get an open faced roast beef sandwich for lunch, served by a wise-crackin' waitress that always calls me "good lookin":) Even if it never happened, that's how I remember it, Hon:)
4	Jims is a great place to go and get a greasy down home breakfast. The staff is great. We always make sure to sit in the same place to get our usual waitress. Once you've gone a few times the waitress will ask you your name and will remember you the next time you go. We always go here for Mothers Day, which is alot of fun because I always get hugs from the staff. Haven't been in a while because I am trying to lose weight and this isn't the place to go to do so. But, one day I will be back, and I can guarantee they will remember me. The only downside to this restaurant is the bathrooms. They are gross! And, of course, every time we go my 5 year old has to use them. We have gotten used to them though and tolerate it because we love the friendliness of the staff. We have taken our family there for breakfast when they come in from out of town and they love it here too. It has a small town feel. We have had large groups of 20 people, and they have a backroom that was perfect for that.
4	My first meal at Jim's was over four years ago... i went to lunch with my friend Tom. It was love at first sight... (not with me and Tom; with me and Jim's!)  Jim's reminded me of the old school diner types of Coney Island restaurants I grew up going to in Michigan.  I had a tasty Greek Salad, warm pita bread, great service, and while Tom picked up the bill, I remember the prices being moderate.  All that and it took me approximately four years to return.But I finally made it back to Jim's today... and it was just as good, if not better, than I remembered!  As a matter of fact, I may just add Jim's to my rotation for favorite lunch (and breakfast) spots in town!Here's why:*Excellent service! Della was our waitress and she was awesome... she was patient with our party of four, she joked around with us, got our orders right, kept our drinks filled, and had an amazing looking green studded belt on to boot!*Excellent food with lots of choices! You want breakfast food? They've got it!  You want salad? There are several choices! Gyros - sure thing... and if you get a sandwich, you get your choice of sides including cottage cheese, french fries, apple sauce, tomatoes, and more!*Moderate prices and large portions!*Old school decor!*Comfy booths!Thanks for sharing a fun lunch with me today, Brandon, Blair, and Lindsey... and glad I beat you to reviewing Jim's!  Let's do it again soon!
4	Big greasy old school breakfasts for cheap in a old school diner setting...Pleather booths and a counter. a bit of a time warp.Nothing fancy but all good.A serious weakness for biscuits and gravy here, as well as the french toast. I have yet to eat anything but breakfast here, I must venture a Coney dog soon.No complaints.Did I say "old school" and "breakfast" enough yet?Biscuits. And. Gravy.... Homer Simpson-like drool.
1	I spent half my life at Coney Island and wanted a NY hot dog. It wasn't here. Try Nathan's at the AZ Mills Mall...and even that ain't a Coney Island dog.I seem to remember the very sweet and helpful waitress saying Jim wasn't from Coney Island, so I gave her a good tip before shootin' her.Don't be fooled by the name. Looked like it was out of business last time I drove by. Maybe somethin' happened to Jim. You know what I'm talkin' about!?
3	Pancakes were really good.Breakfast potatoes were just okay.Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here but it wasn't bad either.
3	Can't believe it took 7 years of driving past this place to finally try it.  I'm not sure I actually knew it existed.  Anyway, my wife and I enjoyed it.  We stopped in for a quick breakfast, and it was a nice change from our usual breakfast places.  It's a nice dive-type of diner.  Like a Mom & Pop style of Denny's.It's definitely not like the trendy gourmet breakfast places who push a menu of healthy, fruity, organic, soy or granola on you.  This is a delicious and  hearty menu...  Biscuits and Gravy, eggs, pancakes, hash browns, chicken fried steak, etc...  Great cholesterol-filled foods can be found here.Enjoy!
5	Great place. Good food.
2	At first glance when I walked in I liked the atmosphere,classic dinner style,the servers were friendly,the owner im assuming was not to say the least,sloppy appearance,just looked down at me,didn't say a word,from what I could see he did nothing but get in the way of the workers and pull the boss card.I had a good laugh at this while I waited on my orders of there classic money island dogs.here goes.the dog itself was Vienna,woopie.they were not that big in size,they were all burnt to a crisp.but tried to disguise that with there chili and onions and cheese and sauce.the chili was ok.so not good,seemed like it was a canned product with a twist"spices".I wont go back for the hotdogs,but I will try it once more for there breakfast,id rather go to teds hotdogs.so stayed tuned yelpers
5	Yelp's map is way off, but this place was worth getting turned around for. It is south of McDowell, not north. Most other patrons were locals, and the server knew their names. She was very nice to us. The fiesta omelette is made with taco meat: yum.
4	Hidden away in southern Scottsdale, this quaint little cafe is about as good as it gets when it comes to good ol' diner food. My wife and I went there on a Friday morning, upon the suggestion of other Yelp reviews, and it was just what the majority said it would be. Great atmosphere, friendly servers, classic family owned diner decor and amazing food! My corned beef hash was perfectly prepared to say the least, the hash browns were crispy, the eggs prepared exactly how I asked for them (over medium) and an endless glass of what I'm sure was fresh brewed iced tea. My wife ordered the biscuits and gravy and said it was delicious in every way, right down to the just-how-it-should-be sausage gravy. The prices were very reasonable for the amount of food you get and we will most definitely be returning some time soon!
5	Favorite breakfast. Used to come here every Sunday, now it's less frequent, but the food is as good as ever. We never have to wait for a table, and the servers here are all really nice. My coffee cup is always full, which is a big plus. I haven't tried any of their lunch options, but I bet they're just as good as breakfast. My mouth is salivating now just thinking of the home fries.... Ask for them instead of hash browns. They ever disappoint!
5	Lived in AZ over 25 years, and driven by this place for a long time.  Went here to give the coney's a try.  (What can I say I am from Detroit, and I hit Lafayette every time I am back.)  Hands down the best coney I have had in Phoenix.  Fries were excellent.  Service was crisp.  All in all Jim's was a solid experience.  I will be back!
4	Great classic diner.  Nothing fancy, nothing expensive, just good ol' diner food at good ol' prices.  Hard to find these gems, but when you do, it's a great feeling.  You can actually eat here for under $10 a person...in Scottsdale...amazing.Will certainly be going back and telling all my friends about it.
5	Having recently eaten there several times, I can see why Jim's has such great reviews. I was in Phoenix metro for the first time and staying at the Motel 6 ASU in Tempe just a stone's throw from Jim's.  Just the same, I used yelp for somewhere close with good ratings.  Imagine my delight when I could look out my motel room door and see Jim's. The first time I went, my friend and I walked in 2 minutes before closing and were NOT given the bum's rush.  Awesome waitress took our to go order.  I had several meals there and everything I ordered was super good!!  Great staff, casual, friendly environment and good food reasonably priced.  What more could a guy want?
3	We hit up Jim's after Pat's Run on Saturday and it was B-U-S-Y. That's always a good thing as I like to see thriving local businesses. It wasn't so busy we couldn't seat ourselves and slid in to a nearby booth. The decor is interesting and diner/dive-y ish but it was fun and whimsical too. What I liked:*Great prices--as a party of four, we ate breakfast for under $25. That's pretty darn good.*Decent food. Not the best egg white omelet I ever had, but it was adequate, served hot and the potatoes were crunchy. My hubby had a patty melt and he likes it well done. Sometimes it comes out like a hockey puck but Jim's did it just right. *Easy to find location. Jim's is a few miles north of ASU on Scottsdale Rd. so it's *just* far enough away that you don't get the total college crowd, but still close enough that it's worth the trip.What I didn't like:*Waited a long time for refills. Probably because it was pretty busy but the staff came by to refill coffee but didn't bother to refill anyone else's drinks at the table. *Waited a long time for food to come. Again, it was busy, but how long does it take to cook 3 orders of eggs and 1 patty melt? We waited at least 20-25 minutes for our food.All in all, Jim's was a 3 star place. That's not to say I didn't like it or wouldn't be back, but I just didn't find it to be anything more than A-OK. I wasn't wowed nor was I disappointed, but next time I'm in Tempe for breakfast, I'll probably pick Jims.
3	Visited here recently after the Tillman run.  A fun alternative to the Denny's or IHOP chain restaurants since the menu was interesting.  I settled on a patty melt for brunch and it was ok.  The meat patty was probably not the most generous size for a burger on toast, but the flavor was good.Now the coffee, that my friend was really darn good.  Whatever they are brewing in that pot, it tastes good man.
4	A frequent stop for Mr. and Mrs. Q.  Whenever we have a light morning on the weekend we often visit this establishment for breakfast.  What I like about this place is  1.  Its close  2. Service is awesome  3. The Price is great but the thing I like most is the Breakfast Diner atmosphere.  If we live in this area for a length of time...Mr and Mrs Q will be a regular here and even if we move away to a different area in the valley we will always come back to our hidden Gem for Breakfast.My Favorite:  Green Pepper, Mushroom, Bacon and Cheese omlet....with a side of Home Fries  (mixed with peppers and onions)  DeliciousMrs Q.  Favorite: French Toast and Bacon.....But I end up eating half anyways.Q
4	Today was our first time eating at Jim's.  We have been living in this area for 3 years and I cannot BELIEVE we have overlooked this place!1.) For a "diner" environment, this place is so CLEAN.  In fact, I have been to other, I guess, "more refined" restaurant's that weren't this clean and well kept.  Even the bathrooms were clean.  They need some updates but I am not going to complain.2.) The service was prompt and friendly.  Again, I have spent big money on meals only to get crappy, crappy service.  They aren't going totally out of their way here, but again, we got good, overall service.3.) The meals served covered all the "diner" bases and what we had (breakfast and they serve it all day which means they know what they are doing) was great.  I can't wait to go back for a gyro (pronounces GIRO where I come from ;) and a dog. )4.) The prices are great and the food is plentiful.  You aren't going to gorge yourself but you will finish just about everything on your plate and be totally satisfied. I will be recommending this place to everyone who comes to visit me and everyone who lives around me.  I was so very happy with this visit, the money we spent and the chance we took going to a "new" place for us.  Give them a try!
3	Stopped by with my son after the zoo.  Clean, friendly and the food was good.  Portions are quite large, so definitely a great value for the price.  We will return.
5	I've come here for breakfast after a few late nights. For days after my visit, I often find myself dreaming about the chocolate chip pancakes. Fantasizing. VISIONS.In all reality, the breakfast here is pretty damn good. I order the chocolate chip pancake stack with a side of scrambled eggs and sausage links. This order brings me into a state of euphoria that often lasts for an hour after the meal.If you wanna get your breakfast euphoria on, visit this place, but don't take any of my chocolate chip pancakes....o_o.
2	I've been here twice and both times the servers were nice, but everything seems really disorganized.  This last time we entered and followed the directions to seat ourselves, but the staff kept passing by and not acknowledging us for some reason.  They weren't that busy yet so I'm not really sure what the issue was.  So we decided to move to the counter where one of the waitresses acknowledged that she had seen us. We got our menus and coffee after the move so i would suggest sitting at the counter.  It is a classic diner in decor right out of the late seventies which I think is fun and fitting for a breakfast place.  A bit slow on refilling your coffee and the hash browns need some help as they are pretty bland and need salt like the most of the food.  It's about on par with a Denny's so it's not really worth the hassle.
4	For anyone who has ever lived in Michigan the idea of a diner with Coney Island in the name brings up a particular type of restaurant.  This is exactly that type of place.  The decor and menu were spot on with what I was looking for.I ordered a Coney dog and gyro.  Two things you will find in very Michigan Coney Island.  They were both good.  The service was both friendly and fast.This place is a bit out of the way for me but it gives me the same feeling I got in Michigan so I will be sure to go back and bring my wife who will undoubtedly feel more nostalgic about then me.
3	The decor is from the 80's. which is awesome! I thought I saw Tom Seleck sitting in here. Any who the food was good diner food.  The service is very quick and friendly. I love the old sports shirts hanging on the wall, especially the giants and 9ers stuff from the 80's. if you want decent diner food that's homey with great service and a laid back atmosphere  then Jim's is your spot.
5	We walked to Jim's this morning for the first time, after living in the neighborhood for 2 years.  The place looks like a diner from the 70's, which was cool.  It was seat yourself, and didn't seem very busy.  The place was very clean, and the staff was very nice.  We were waited on quickly, and our coffees were refilled 3 times during our meal.  Our server was very nice, and very attentive.Breakfast was good, and reasonably priced.  I can give Jim's a solid 5 stars!  Keep up the hard, and we'll for sure visit again!!
3	This is near my girlfriend's house or I bet I'd never go here. The food is typical diner fare but what floors me is how long we had to wait. We've gone twice now on Saturday late mornings and it's never busy, which bothers me that it takes so long. The first time it took 20 minutes to get our food and there were people only at maybe 4 tables. The breakfast food was very standard. The second time there were people at two tables. The food was piping hot and came quickly but when it was time to leave we couldn't find our waiter and had to wait 10 minutes. Finally we went up to pay at the cashier and she went to find our waiter who screwed up the checks three times before we could finally pay.
4	I must review Jim's. the service is very friendly and fast. The food is awesome. And the decor is a lot more 70's..... Great place for a nice meal with friends and family
3	This is a very basic, old school diner. I've been here a couple times for breakfast and all I can say is that it is decent food at decent prices. I have received great service both times so I will say if you want a quick breakfast and you're in the area stop in to Jim's Coney Island.
4	We love Jims Coney...killer 70s vibe straight out of Pulp Fiction....good food at decent prices.....Alma and the crew are awesome....i usually get the chicken fried steak and eggs and my friend gets an omelette with spinach and feta cheese both very good...  p.s. get the home fries
4	Delicious breakfast food! This was my favorite place to go for breakfast when I was in Phoenix.
4	Always have to hit up Jims when we come to town.   Super friendly, reasonably priced and great tasting food.
5	This is the best little cafe. My husband and I go often on the weekends. The breakfast is delicious, and they have very reasonable prices. They have a board with daily specials that rotate. Nothing fancy, just good food.
4	I really enjoyed the older ambience at this place. Kind of an 80s old diner feel, but very clean and not dingy like some other diners of this sort. Got the Jims special with home fries... Surprisingly good as well! There are many other good looking things on the menu, but I definitely have to come back again soon to try! It's a great distance away from my boyfriends house to walk, see you again soon coney!
3	Good food great service.
2	It was okay. Portions were a little small and the service was meh! My steak was seasoned well I must say. But I wont come back here again.
3	If you've ever told a great story to your friends about something crazy that happened to you on 8-mile, or know where Kid Rock used to live, or shwerved your hat, this is a place for you Motowners.  First let me say, that I love all things Detroit and the only thing I love more than my hometown teams is a good Coney.  Let me also say that I have ONLY had their Coney's so this review is specific to that.Let's start with the place itself - located near the Tempe-Scottsdale border it is pretty easy to find off Scottsdale RD just north of the 202.  The interior is a series of bright yellow vinyl-seat booths with the brown formica table.  They also have a large private room near the entrace which seems like they host local groups on occasion.  They actually managed to recreate the feeling of an old-time Coney joint that I loved as a kid growing up in Detroit.  The place is festooned with Michigan stuff and Coney loving T-Shirts above the grill.Next - the Coney Sauce - PerfectBun - toasted - PerfectOnions diced - PerfectMustard on the side - PerfectHot Dog - Eh - looked a little skimpy.The Coney Sauce - while it satisfied my craving for the "flavor" it was undone by an underwhelming hotdog.  I couldn't tell if it was the way they cooked it but it seemed to lack that "pop" that I associate with a real, down-and-dirty Coney Red Hot.  So I'll be back next time to try the "jumbo dog" with Coney sauce to see if that does the trick.
4	Located across the street from where we were staying.  The service is fast and friendly.  The server took our order. Rib Eye and eggs.  Faster than getting a Big Mac at McD's our order was on the table.  Hot, cooked to order and very good.  Prices are very reasonable.  Will def. return.  Good vibe.
3	This place reminds me of family trips to Michigan as a kid. It has all the hallmarks of 80s Midwest, from the dark Formica tabletops to the mustard yellow vinyl booth seats. The service was fast and friendly from the genuinely warm greeting that I received when I walked through the door to the heartfelt goodbye when I left. I kinda love this place. That being said, the food which should be the star of the show really wasn't. The portions are small for the price. The taste of everything was good, but not great. I can't complain about anything, it's just not something that I would go out of my way to get. If you are missing Michigan and aren't super hungry, stop by for a pleasant meal.
4	I'm not over here very often but I always love dropping by for a late night breakfast or brunch if I can. Super taste diner food ^_^
3	Can you say 1970?  This is a typical east coast diner look and feel.  (Except it is a bit run down inside!)Descent variety of menu items.  Food was average.  Hot and fresh.   Prices seemed a little high for the amount of food you get but then again it is Scottsdale.
5	This place is the real deal American dinner.  Clean, low key, inexpensive, big menu and excellent service!  Never need to wait, even during the busiest weekend brunch times.  The only con is they are not open 24/7!
3	Good food. Decent prices. Water unfiltered, has nasty chlorine taste.  Table busser was in a hurry to take my plate.  I was still chewing my last piece of food n my plate was taken. Thought that was funny but also rude.
4	I eat here all the time I usually get the same thing not a place I would go to get upscale food but the people are always nice and the food is tasty
