5	Was in town for a football game and wanted to grab some food beforehand. I love greek food so hadda try this place. It's nestled in a cute shopping area walking distance to Univeristy of Phoenix Stadium. We caught them on their opening day and the place was super busy. We even met the owner who was very nice and welcoming. Ordered the gyro pita with the greek fries. mMmM very, very tasty and good size portions! So good that we ate there again after the game! 2nd time around we waited crazy long for our food but again, it was their first day so I'll cut them some slack. Must-try if you're in the area!
5	I love greek food and this place definitely satisfied my craving! Everything came out quick and had great flavor. I loved the Merlot too, one of the best I've had. The patio is beautiful and has a beautiful fire pit & nice heaters to keep you warm in the winter. I will definitely give this restaurant more business.
3	Average Greek food, long wait.  Hopefully they will work the kinks out.  Food took a long time, and they don't seem prepared for crowds from the sporting events.
5	On our way out of the movies we were looking for a place to eat. Directly across from the AMC at West Gate is a new Opa Greek restaurant. It was delicious. I had a Greek salad , spanakopita and a slice of their baklava cheesecake. OK, the cheesecake was AMAZING!!! The staff was fantastic, they were all professional and courteous and with a smile. I will be going back this weekend, it's hard to find a restaurant with great food and great service. They also have a full outside patio dining area with heaters; to help with the cold nights AZ has been having. Great place for adults.
3	The hubby and I went on Friday.  We love Greek food so when we found out this place opened we were all for it.  The food was great. HOWEVER, staff might need more training on the menu. When we saw that loukoumades was on option on the menu we jumped right on it.  We were happy we didn't have to wait until the next Greek festival to have some.  When we asked the person taking our order how many were in an order she looked at us and said its just one big round ball.  Umm yea, we then explained to her what they were and she then took a moment to go ask how many were in an order.  I'm so used to biting into a loukoumades and having the honey burst out in all places (so darn good!!), yeah not happening here though :( :(.We'll just have to wait until the next Greek festival to get our fix.The rest of the food was fine, nothing out of this world, but it was good.
