5	Pretty decent Indonesian Food. My wife and I visited montreal in october of 2007, we were only in the area for a few days, and wanted to try different kinds of foods. This place was pretty unique. It is a reijstaffel style restaurant, where you order for 2 or more people, they bring the food out to you one dish at a time, you can choose from some of the items: fish, beef or pork. We had some vanilla ice cream and lapis legit there. Our waitress was quebecois, but also spoke english. She explained all the different foods to us as she brought them out and also took the time to make sure our water was full and that we were comfortable in our chairs. After our meal was almost finished he chef came out and wished us 'salamt makan' or a happy meal. So we asked for him and he sat down and told us the history or his place, how long he had been there, etc. It is a family business, him his sister and parents help out.This is the third or fourth location of this restaurant, it has moved a few different times. They accept cash, credit and in the winter are only open for dinner 5p - 9p. original review (pre-yelp canada)
3	The food we had was good, decent Indonesian with modern touch. If only we didn't have to wait for ages for our food. The second time there it was much better, faster service that makes the food even more tastier. I'll go back for the thirt time the next time I'm in Montreal.
4	Nonya might be upscale but the flavor definitely tastes homemade. I am a Malaysian myself but the food reminds me of home. I would suggest their table d'hote because it is a pretty good deal if you ask me. My meal started with gado gado, a salad with a wonderful peanut sauce. Then came my entree - bebek bengil which is fried duck leg, perfectly crunchy on the outside but oh so tender on the inside, served with rice and the vegetable of the day. Did I mention that we also get complimentary krupuk udang or prawn crackers to go with the meal? We had a platter of four desserts because we decided to try all of them. A must try is their pandan flavored creme brulee. Service was rather slow but the food were carefully plated with all the details. It was worth the wait. Since the restaurant is more upscale, they also don't offer street/hawker style dessert like es campur, which we were craving for. Last but not least, they gave us each a Kopiko candy which is a favorite in South east Asia. Overall, it was a great experience for all of us. I wish the portions were bigger. They were so tiny, I could eat three portions myself. Nevertheless, this definitely won't be my last time here.
5	This was one of my favorite restaurants that we visited on our trip to Montreal. The food was wonderful and the service was amazing. I thought the menu was a little confusing, but one of the co-owners herself came to our table and explained how to order. The food took a little time to come out, but the wait was totally worth it. The food was amazing. If this is what authentic Indonesian food tastes like, then I love Indonesian food. The presentation of the food was remarkable. I enjoyed the flower shaped red pepper very much. Everything about the meal was worth every bit of money, especially the dessert. Excellent!!! At the end of the meal they gave us a coffee flavored candy called a Kopiko. Yum!!! This is a must go restaurant.
5	Authentic Indonesian is a bit of a rarity in Montreal but Nonya does just fine. The beef rendang is particularly good. The service was friendly. I came here with a group and everyone left quite satisfied. I do suggest trying out the reijstaffel menu so you get to taste a bit of everything.I'll be returning.
4	Thank the LORD, there exists decent (even, dare I say, delectable) thai curry in Montreal! I know, I know, it's an Indonesian restaurant, but I won't lie and say that I know the difference between the two cuisines. To me, the flavors were quite similar, although I have never had thai food presented the way it's done at Nonya. I'd love to be enlightened-- some sort of explanation about Indonesian cooking on the menu would be much appreciated. But I'm a nerd. All I do know is that the yellow curry soup was delicious, (albeit slightly mild, but hey, it is still Montreal) and the Sumatran stewed beef was so tender it  melted in my mouth-- peanut and curry flavors bursting with every bite. My man's duck confit came right off the bone- no need for a knife-- and had perfectly crispy skin. The mains were presented alongside rice in a beautiful banana-leaf basket, really delicious roasted eggplant, a big prawn cracker, some sort of cold slaw that was refreshing, and a craving-inducing sauce (on the side!) that reminded me of hoisin but was so much better. My only criticism has to be that the table d'hote ($27) includes a dessert, but when you get the dessert menu you are informed that everything but the rice pudding will run you an extra $3. Being non-rice-pudding-fans, we were fine to pay for an order of ice cream and creme brulee, but none too pleased when we were presented with 1 scoop of store-bought ice-cream and probably 3 tablespoons of creme brulee- though it was delicious. Felt a little scammy to us, but I guess that's what you get when you order table d'hote. We resolved to order off the a la carte menu next time. And we will be back again. I'm sick of going back to Ottawa every time I get a craving for coconut milk and curry.
5	Rijsttafel...aaaw yeah!Random info: Rijsttafel is a Dutch word and it means " ricetable".$40 = a (happy) stuffed little piggy.My favo food of the evening: Sop Labu Kuning, Gado Gado, Rendang & Ayam panggang.Worth the pain (too much food!).I'll be back.
4	I had never had Indonesian food before so when there was a Living Social deal for the restaurant it seemed like something worth trying.  The deal got you the Rijstaffel (tasting menu) for $20 when it is normally $40.   It's a small restaurant but the decor and ambiance is quite fitting for an Asian place.  A ton of food comes with the Rujstaffel option.  A lot of the menu items were flavoured with coconut and lemongrass so my guess is that these two ingredients are important in Indonesian cuisine.   The meats (beef and chicken) were very tender and just fell apart.  I also was a fan of the chili peanut sauce that came with the chicken.  The dessert featured sticky rice in coconut milk and was really good as well as green tea creme brulee.  I must admit I found the creme brulee a bit odd but the other dessert was quite good.The service was slightly on the slow side but that was my only major real issue with the place.   Overall I think I would definitely come back to this place.  It;s a great little restaurant when you're looking for something out of the ordinary.
4	Great little restaurant. I didn't expect to find a good Indonesian restaurant in Montreal but this is one of the best I've ever been to, even better than the ones I've been to in San Francisco. Mind you, my sample size isn't extensive.I'd suggest going for the tasting menu (Rijsttafel). It's a little expensive (40-45$ per person) but you get to taste a little bit of everything. They also have a table d'hote special from Monday to Wednesday (I believe): 3 course meal from 20 to 23$.The owner of the restaurant is also really nice.
3	Very nice place serving authentic tasting Indonesian food.  We visited this restaurant following a groupon purchase.  The service was unrushed so if your looking for fast food then go to McDonalds : )  My advice would be to bring your appetite and have a open mind about trying new things and give this place a try.
4	On a steamy summer night in the middle of a heat wave I decided to get out of the house and try Nonya. I haven't had many chances to try Indonesian, so I was very excited when I stumbled across it a few weeks ago.At the recommendation of the server, I waited a few minutes for an outdoor table (it was pretty warm inside). While I waited at the bar she brought me some water and salted peanuts to snack on. Once seated I got a homemade mint lemon/limeade (delicious, but a little pricier than expected at $4), more peanuts, and shrimp chips. I ordered the Indonesian-style crispy duck leg ($18), which came with rice and a few scoops of sides (okra, curried tofu, and some type of shredded pickled vegetable). The duck was tender and moist with very crispy skin (deep-fried?). Each of the sides were distinctly flavoured, although the yellow curry was a bit mild for my taste. The portions weren't huge, so I think I would get an appetiser next time. It was all very tasty! I can't wait to go back with a few people so I can try out the rest of their dishes.One thing to note, one of the previous reviews mentioned wine. I was told they couldn't serve alcohol, but maybe this only applies to the patio?
5	What an experience!It was funny, actually, how we came to try this place: we were walking in that neighborhood, searching for a restaurant that would be quiet and not show the Habs game on television (try finding a restaurant during the series that does NOT show the Habs: GOOD LUCK!), and while looking at the menu of the restaurant, to grasp what kind of menu the restaurant was offering, we were offered the best advice for this place: two ladies eating by the window knocked on it, and showed us their thumbs up with pretty big grins.Well, if they were insisting...!And indeed, it was an amazing culinary experience. We tried the tasting menu, which contains LOTS of food for a pretty good price (45$), and we were literally rolling out of the restaurant by the end of the night! I'm still thinking about this beef ragout: fingers-licking GOOD!It's ideal for vegetarians (or light meat eaters). For a meat lover like me, I'm still surprised I really loved eating my veggies :PI recommend this place. WIth 4 "thumbs" up (both hands and feet!). Yeah, it's THAT good :D
4	We bought a groupon for Nonya for a seafood tasting menu. I think the reason nonya is on groupon is because they are pending a liquor license. We were ok without booze for the dinner. We each had a coconut water instead. The menu was very good, specifically the fish and the duck. The duck fell off the bone and was equally crispy and tender. I feel for a tasting menu it seemed a little small- I wasn't stuffed at all but I was satisfied. It was all presented very nicely and the service was good. Do not, however, attempt to order a coffee- this is not their specialty!! The panacotta for dessert was creamy and delicious.
1	Horrible. Experience.I seem to be the only one that had such a terrible experience. Hear me outI bought a coupon off of Groupon. Reservations were for 7. We got seated at 7:30 (I get it. They're busy). We got a menu 45 minutes later... no water, no alcohol, no nothing... The waited came back to see my table about 45-06 minutes after and took our menu and placed the order for us........ WITHOUT US PLACING THE ORDER!!. Eh excuse me. can I choose my food?? I had overheard someone from another table mentioning something about nuts in the sauces of this resto.. now we have a BIG problem seeing as how my boyfriend is highly allergic to nuts. We went to go see the waited and asked to ensure the food not be made with nuts however all their sauces are made from a nut base and it cannot be removed.So we waited about an hour and 45min to two hours, got NOTHING at all (NO WATER OR ANYTHING.. NOT EVEN A NAPKIN!!) and had to leave. Thank god Panos is close by..I will never step foot into this place.
