3	I love a good bagel and cream cheese, especially on a Saturday Morning.  Mind you, I have been here several times before, so its not my first time.The benefits of Einsteins is that they make all their tasty bagels in site. Flavors are tasty, with Asiago cheese, onion, garlic, and a few other flavors as well.  Great selection of different flavors of bagels.  They also have a few different options in cream cheese flavors as well.They also have a great selection of lunch sandwiches, which I like.  Great selection pastries, juices, etc.Where they loose points with me, is I don't care for the service here.  I always always always have to stand in line and wait; not only to place my order, but to pay and recieve my food as well.  Some could argue that maybe I am being fussy.  Others could say that I need to be more patient at times.  I do not argue that point. BUT, nothing irks me more then waiting...and waiting....and more waiting.I have never NOT had to step in line here, regardless of time of day.  Why is that? I don't understand.Also, I feel that service here lacks.  I always see multiple staff members behind the counter.  If thats the case, why is it always the same 1 person taking orders, and one working the register?  I also sense that maybe other customers get frustrated with this experience as well.  I go here becuase they do have great bagels, and their stuff is tasty...but at the cost of waiting....and iffy service.Plus, sometimes this place is NOT super clean.  Its not filthy or anything..but I just feel like maybe it could use a good cleaning at times.
1	I just had a terrible first experience here. We went on a Monday afternoon, ordered a bagel bucket. The girl getting our bagels insisted that we could only choose 12, I had to point to the menu to show her that the bucket has 13. Their bagels were smaller than normal Einsteins and very over-baked, burnt in spots.They had a pay pass for the credit card, so my husband did that as I handed her our coupon (he was a little over-eager to use the pay pass). The older cashier woman said that as soon as it registered the credit card, the transaction was complete and she couldn't take my coupon. I asked if she could void it, and she said to just use the coupon next time. I told her I'd really like to use it now (we don't go that often), and she said it would be a hassle for her records to do the refund. I asked if she could please do it anyways, and she did (very grumpily). We had to sign the refund receipt before she re-did the transaction, and when asked if she had a pen she replied "No, we don't have any pens." What business doesn't have a pen? So I fish through my purse and finally found a pen. She also wouldn't let me use my $5 gift card AND a 25% off coupon, I had to choose which one I wanted to use. I wasn't sure when she was finished with the second transaction, because she didn't say "ok," "thank you," or anything.Some of the WORST customer service I have ever experienced. Save yourself a hassle and go down to the Einsten on Chandler Blvd. by 101. Whoever is managing this place needs to really focus on their customer service, and I am not surprised why business there is incredibly sparse.
3	There used to be a Bruegger's Bagels right on the corner of my neighborhood and now that it is gone I miss it dearly. Instead, I visit this Einstein's... mainly because it is still close and on my way to work. Their bagels are decently made with the proper texture (unlike Chompies that just taste like bread - yuck!) but I do have a problem with the fact that a lot of the different varieties taste pretty similar. I think they use the same dough for almost all and then just "dip" them in something to make them a unique offering. Also, I don't know if it is the way they cook them or store them or what but sometimes there is some cross-pollination of flavors as well. I once got a cranberry bagel with a strong garlic taste to it... gross! Their cream cheeses make up for it, though, all the flavors are really good and they are almost all low-fat. One thing I do avoid here is the breakfast sandwiches. The eggs they use are disgusting! They must be either frozen for a long period of time or else powdered and re-constituted or something because they are definitely not real eggs. I mean, even the egg in the Egg McMuffin tastes better. I agree with the other reviewers that they tables are none too clean and on the singular occasion that I visited the ladies room I turned around and walked out immediately since it was so filthy. However, since I usually get my food to go, this is not a problem for me. I have never experienced the slow service that they are referring to. I usually arrive around 9am and there is very rarely a line. They have a system where one person takes orders and then you move down the line and someone else runs your card or takes your money. So, it is pretty quick service. And my bagel (toasted with cream cheese) is always in my hands by the time I have finished filling up my coffee cup. (Their self-serve coffee is excellent but don't bother with the caps or lattes, they are not worth the $$). I actually frequently stop here when I am running late for work because it is faster to pick up a bagel and eat it in the car then it is to eat cook something or even eat cereal at home.
4	Great bagels nice location as well....
4	I really enjoy Einstein's they always have fresh bagels the price is fair and reasonable and they have a great selection of bagels also have pretty good coffee and usually a seasonal coffee. The service is always friendly and helpful... Only thing that may bother me is that once they're out of a bagel it's gone they don't make anymore that day and on the weekends that's likely to happen because it gets really packed sometimes the line gets pretty backed up. I'd just advise if you have a craving for a popular gourmet bagel like the Spinach Florentine (My favorite) you better get there early!
5	Einstein Bagels prices are pretty reasonable. & I love the customer service at this Einstein bagels. Everyone who works there seems to enjoy their job and their interaction with the customers exemplifies this. You can walk into this Einstein in an okay mood & walk out in a great mood. Their energy is contagious. Because of the customer service at Rural & Ray Einstein some of my days have been more enjoyable! PS I love the Tasty Turkey.
5	Great place to run in and get a light breakfast or lunch ... the staff is friendly, the store is super clean.  Go off peak hours so you have a place to sit.  I love their green tea.Bagel thins - fabulous!  cuts out half the calories but you still get the yummy bagel taste.
2	Let me start by saying I love Einstein bagels but this has got to be one of the worst ones I have been to. The guy behind the counter was on the phone the whole time while he was taking orders and the service has always been poor. The coffee is never full and the over all appearance is dirty and sub par. I would recommend going to the one off of 101 and chandler if you leave anywhere between the two.
2	I just stop at Einstein's for the coffee, so I can't comment on the bagels.  I don't mind waiting in line to pay, as long as a motivated cashier is working through it.  What grinds my gears about this Einsteins is that when there's not a line the cashier disappears into the back room, leaving four or five other people standing around and watching me wait several minutes to pay for an effing cup of coffee.  No one says a damn thing.  No one says, "hey the cashier will be back in a minute", or "hey cashier!  There's a jerk here who just wants coffee, can you come take his money?"  Perhaps adding insult to injury, they have a sign that says "coffee express line", what the hell does that mean if no one's there to take your money.But the good news for me is that there's an Einstein's in North Scottsdale by my office, so I go there now.  They get it, the cashier never leaves the area, so it's always a quick turnaround.
1	This is absolutely the most disgusting place I've been in!! There is trash everywhere, no one has swept or wiped down the tables in the 30 minutes I've been here. The toilet hasn't been cleaned in a VERY long time (there's a mildew ring around it..). Floors are disgusting as well. Ew ew ew!! Won't be coming here again!
1	This place is filthy.  I ordered before I looked around.  As I have been here for 10 minutes at 10am and not one staff member has cane to clean a table and the bathrooms are disgusting. Go to the one at Chandler and 101
1	Totally messed up my drink order after I waited for it forever.
5	They get through a line of six or more customers in a couple minutes, prepare your order while you pay and wait.  In about five minutes they have your order packaged, call your name and then BRING it to you.  If you are eating your food here they bring it to your table.  .  I like this location, great service and friendly staff every time.
2	Slows service, 25 minutes for 1 bagel... And while I waited got a nice view of behind the counter, which was disgusting.  Next tome I'll go the extra four blocks to the Nosh. Better bagel anyway!
1	If it wasn't for my coworker who I attended the establishment with I would have not been satisfied. The time of service was slow and inaccurate.
5	I ordered a tuna sandwich which was very heavily peppered. It wasn't bad, but not something I would order if I knew before hand. They were nice enough to replace the tuna with a chicken salad sandwich. Took them no time at all. The guy was really nice. The sandwich was nothing special but the service was fantastic.
5	Come here for breakfast sometimes before work since it's close to work. Im always greeted with a smile and they are quite fast in getting my order out. By far the best Einstein I've gone to around the area.
