5	Another one of my favorite thrift stores.  If you're visiting Vegas, you'll pretty much need a car to get here.  The cab fare can end up costing twice as much as what you spend in the store.  Like many Salvation Army stores, this one also has a boutique section.  The prices are inflated, but still reasonable.  Don't get caught up in this small section, there are plenty of amazing finds in the rest of the store.  I've found some of my favorite housewares here - really funky stuff that you can only find in Vegas.  A pewter wine bucket with sheeps heads for handles ($1.50), an orange Pyrex mixing bowl ($3), a homemade vase that looks like a human head ($8), a pair of 70s vinyl tote bags from Harrod's ($4).REMEMBER: Salvation Army stores are ALL closed on Sundays
5	Did not bring enough books with me to read while on vacation so decided to stop at one of the many used book stores we passed. Picked one out and it was closed but lucky me...this Salvation Army was right next door. :)This one is super well organized...a rarity for the thrift stores in Florida...I did not want to keep my husband waiting but was able to quickly find 3 books and take a quick walk through just to look. If you need any cd's or dvd's, an employee was telling someone they had just gotten in so many he would not have room to put them all out...not by a long shot.
4	Closed on sundays. I came here a few times a few years back but didn't like it. It's a little dated inside- no frills, compared to Savers. But sometimes you can really find something for really cheap- lots of items are at fixed prices (skirts were $2.00). I found some good deals (found Kipling once) since rediscovering the store last year. I would go after visiting the credit union nearby. It's not very crowded. I agree with one reviewer on the boutique item prices being inflated. There is a sizable book section. Sometimes, there is a huge bin in front of the store in which one type of item (like backpacks) were dumped in that were priced at $1.00- but you have to dig (worth mentioning, but I didn't do that). The big housewares section has some beat up stuff but new things too. Sometimes the people working there are not in the best of moods. Worth checking out if you're in the area and it's not sunday.
2	My coworker and I were searching for ugly Christmas sweaters for a funny Christmas card photo. Savers and Goodwill were fabulous, but this store was a huge disappointment. It was dirty, smelled terrible and the clothes were by far the nastiest I've seen at a thrift store. Shirts had pee stains on them for crying out loud. Just EW. 2 stars because the pee stained shirt we bought was only $.75. You get what you pay for I guess. Goodwill down the road on Sahara is inifintely better people! No weird smells, better mechandise and much larger.
1	The Salvation Army discriminates against people who aren't like them.  Did you know they spent $10 million dollars to try and prevent their organization from having to following anti-discrimination laws in hiring?
4	This is a great stop if you are looking for clothing. They have great tag (Like 1/2 off yellow etc) sales every day, a friendly staff that doesn't announce their closing time every 45 seconds, has a large inventory & is really pretty organized! The furniture is kinda steep in price, but it's subject to the tag sales as well!
5	Lots of great cheap and quality knick knacks! Just depending on what you're looking for.Probably my favorite thrift store in Vegas right now. Found Oneida silver chip & dip tray, picture frames, and some random kitchen supplies for my 2nd home.The store was clean, organized and just a pleasure to wander around in.
4	Overall, I like this store. It is very large with a lot of merchandise. There are equal amounts of clothing and furniture. Like all Sal's Army the pricing is very good with deals galore.The boutique area is large with a ton of old vintage clothing, bric-a-brac, antiques and jewelry. If you know your stuff you can find really unique items from the 40's and 50's. Even if you are not a serious buyer it is fun to just look around. On the negative, the prices in the boutique can be quite high, almost over priced. I found a pair of well used Lacoste sneakers for $40. Ironically I recently saw a pair of new Lacoste sneakers at Nordstrom Rack for $40 on sale. This made me a little weary. Also I saw a really cool vintage shelving unit but it was priced at $175. Way way too high. Even though it was from the 1960's, it had considerable damage and scratches all over it. It was on the floor for 3 months (the tag had a date) and the manager would not budge on the price. I loved it and was willing to pay $75 but no way would I fork over $100 above and beyond that. I was nice about it, but disappointed. On the positive there are TONS of CD's records, bric-a-brac (both in the boutique and the regular area) and clothes, clothes, clothes. You can literally spend a few hours here no problem. The staff is nice and helpful.Def a thrift store well worth checking out. easy to find with lots of parking right in front. There is also an excellent soul food restaurant right next door if you get hungry looking for deals. Thumbs up!
2	Read the reviews and was pretty pleased.....until I got to this Salvation Army. Major disappointment :/ There is a mix of really old clothes & old shoes, really old worn out furniture, and dishes. I'm not expecting pristine items, but c'mon now these things should be given away to people in need, not charging them!  I was at least hoping to find  anything older vegas style, anything!!!! Found not a single item.....Oh well, on to the next shop.   Plenty of parking thou
4	I really enjoy this store! Clothes wise- I am a fan of their pants and belts. I wouldn't buy dresses or shirts here.
2	Dismal. Stopped here to check out furniture, since we just moved to the area. I've bought furniture at thrift stores before, both SA and Goodwill, and have had good experiences. Sadly this place was not really one of them.Selection here was very limited for a place that advertised being a furniture superstore, and everything was both super outdated and overpriced, as well as a little dirty. Maybe other locations are better, but this one was very underwhelming.We wandered the furniture section for a few minutes but were never greeted or helped in any way. Even the guy working the register by the front door looked like he'd rather be anywhere but there. Not a good sign.
2	Help is friendly. Store is messy. Hardly EVER any clothing selection, almost as though this store is forgotten by SA for goods. Not sure mgmnt is problem. Iffy place to go, in my opinion.
