4	The atmosphere is great, the service is fast and friendly and the food is very good.  I got a chicken entree which came with garlic bread, a salad, a side of pasta with marinara and a vegetable.  They have a large selection on the menu for dinner and a bar/lunch menu featuring cold and hot sandwiches, calzones, and pizza.  I went on a Saturday at 6pm and there was no wait.
4	Uncle Sal's is now smokefree which is great including the interior bar.  The Italian food is generous if not too generous but very good.  The brushetta appertizer is excellent with fresh tomatoes and needs to be shared.  The chicken marsala at lunch is adequate but needs sharing at dinner.  If shared each gets the salad or soup plus a side pasta dish with a single chicken breast with mushrooms, pasta and marsala sauce.  The wine selection is good plus the glass is filled more than at other restaurants.  By the time one finishes desert is nearly out of the question but you do get a cookie.  The staff is very attentive and friendly.
4	One of my lunchtime favorites -- a great bar menu under $10 (steak, shrimp, Italian sausage, etc) with good quality food and prompt service. Fun place to have drinks at happy hour. Plus, they have a nice traditional dining room for dinner. The bar area is always DARK (how it should be).
4	Been here many times and always enjoy myself.    Good wine, and there always quick with the fresh bread to start the meal.Chicken Piccata is sooooooo tasty.  I would like to try more items but usually stick to this one.  I had the LINGUINI ALLA CARBONARA with alfredo cheese, bacon, onions & peas and although a bit heavy, was the second best. The best version of this dish I had when I was in Rome, go figure, they know how to make Italian food.Like 95% of other restaurants, it's in a strip mall, welcome to Arizona!
4	Tried this place for the first time on a recommendation.  I had little hope of a pleasant experience as the hostLESS, who looked straight at me as I walked in, was too busy conversing with another employee to even acknowledge our arrival, much less seat us promptly.  However, once her involvement was out of the way, I was very much impressed.The restaurant is a little on the noisy side, but not enough to be distracting.  The lighting is nice, too.  The service was excellent from the time we sat down until our check was paid.   Both the waiter and his support staff were attentive without being intrusive.  The wine list is more than sufficient.  I was surprised to see a Barbera offered, one of my favorite reds.  The menu is large with numerous pasta, chicken, beef, veal and seafood selections.We had the steamed mussels and clams as an appetizer (the menu states "mussels or clams" but we asked for a mix) which was excellent.  Plenty large enough for two, if not three.  I had a chicken dish with tomatoes, garlic, and mushrooms in a wine sauce (are you hungry yet?) which was served with both pasta and a vegetable, resulting in a nice lunch the next day.  I'm all about large portions-never was the type to order a salad on the first date.  My husband had baked ziti which he enjoyed as well.My favorite part..we skipped dessert, also a rarity for me, but still received two small cookies with our check.  How cool is that?  My second stomach reserved for D'Zert was not disappointed after all!
5	I was just there this past Saturday night on a first date. She suggested Uncle Sal's and I had never heard of it before and was game for a great Italian restaurant. Being new to the area, I look forward to getting to know as many places as possible. Although the restaurant is in a strip mall, Uncle Sal's sits back off the road a little which is good because you don't get a lot of car noise if you're sitting on the patio. There are fountains outside with dim lights for a very casual dining experience. When my date arrived, we walked in and were greeted by a very nice hostess. I told her we had reservations for the patio and I asked her if smoking was allowed there and she said yes. So we opted for the bar which was open seating. The bar area is filled with tables along the wall and a horse shoe bar. We were greeted immediately by Johnny, a NY yankee fan whose service was impeccable. He was fast, courteous, and had a lot of personality. The menu was filled with every type of Italian dish you could hope for. Although I was looking for some pasta, I tried the filet mignon with gorganzola sauce. Johnnie brought out lightly toasted garlic bread with either olive oil or butter on it. I don't remember but it was gooooood. The salads came fast and were very good. My date ordered pasta with sausage and peppers and there was enough food to feed two people. My dinner came out and I was surprised with the portion as well. It was almost the length of a NY Strip, but thick like a filet. And folks....it was one of the best filets I've had in a long time. I usually order my meat medium and this melted in my mouth it was so tender. I also had it on a bed of bowtie pasta. The only thing that I would have liked differently, was that there was too much sauce and it was poured on my steak. It took a little away from the flavor of steak but it was to die for. It was that good! Great service, great food, nice ambiance for a small place. I'll be back soon to try their pizzas and pasta dishes!
3	Still a fan, but maybe not as much since my last visit.  Rather than ordering the Italian staples of pasta, chicken or pizza, I had the scallops scampi.  Scallops were a little overcooked and the sauce was just not right IMO.  The husband had rack of lamb.  He was not impressed either.  It was smothered in mushrooms-CANNED mushrooms.  I didn't believe until I tasted for myself.    If they were not from a can, then the Green Giant works in the kitchen.  Major points off with me.  Service could have been better as well.We did try the smoked salmon bruschetta and thought it was very good.  We'll just stick with the basics next time.  Still four stars with pasta and pizza for me.
3	Since we're staying for a week in Arizona, it was our time to experiment. Tonight we decided on Italian, and I went searching for local Italian restaurants and landed upon Uncle Sal's. The other site had good reviews and came onto Yelp to check for fellow yelpers reviews as well. We also liked that we could check out the menu for what they offered. There was no wait at all, we were seated immediately. The host asked us if we wanted to sit inside or outside. We asked for the patio seats. We came in around 8:30. The inside decor very homey old-fashioned, like your grandmother's kitchen. They came out with complimentary delicious garlic bread slices. With all our orders came with sides of either soup or salad. The soup for the night was Butter Nut Squash and it was delicious. The salad was yummy as well with their Ranch dressing. We would've liked a little more of that savory Ranch dressing. But overall delicious. We ordered the Shrimp Fradiovolo, Baked Ziti, and Chicken Piccatta. My Shrimp Fradiovolo had jumbo shrimps which were sweet and plump. Although the tomato sauce that accompanied it was a little too sour for my taste and wasn't spicy like it had specified. My sister got the Baked Ziti and she enjoyed it very much. My husband got the Chicken Piccatta which was a little salty but went perfectly with the side pasta marinara. We also ordered a Tiramisu togo but we haven't tried it yet.The service was awesome! Our waiter was very attentive and checked up on us. Since we sat out in the patio, we had asked our waiter the smoking policy. He said their restaurant allowed smoking outside. Also, our soda & water cups were never ever empty. The other server who refilled water and took our plates was not as friendly but he did a good job. Overall we were very satisfied with this restaurant. We'd recommend this to anyone who's staying in the area, or who wants to venture around. Also, it's a little hard to find, but it's in same plaza as Carl's Jr. The plaza after Circle K.Edit: We ate the tiramisu late at night, and we loved it! It was a big piece of tiramisu. You get your money's worth, between the 3 of us we didn't even finish it. It was very fluffy, the liquor was subtle but you could taste it. And you could taste it was freshly made.
5	This place has been around a while, and it's still pretty fantastic.  To find it, just look for the Office Max sign.  You know you've gone too far on Hayden when you've passed the Starbucks in the same strip mall. Soups at Uncle Sal's are incredible.  I'm not sure what they put in them, but it's a good thing.  If you're in the soup mood, or even if you're not, get the soup!  The bar is not too big so, when it's full, it's really full.  But it's cozy.  (This is a great place to go on a date, though it is kind of spendy.)The decor is very old fashioned and the tables are a bit tight here and there, but the restaurant can accommodate large groups.  You can also sit outside at some small tables that hug the side of the restaurant.I highly recommend the Calimari appetizer and the Chicken Marsala. Also, the Cannoli are fantastic.  The shells are authentic; you can really taste the Italian cinnamon :)  I split mine but they are not too big to gobble down yourself.  Love it!
3	this is again one those where I would love to do 3 1/2.  3 really isnt fair but 4 would be over doin it.For out here it would be awesome but when you grow up on east coast italian food... it just is not the same.  That said I loved the way the bar was packed with older crowd for happy hour.  That was very Jersey like.The food was very good. bruschetta was tasty. salad had shredded mozarella and I had a chicken in white wine sauce main course.I have to say it was very good.  Oh and there marinara sauce is a heavy red with a bit of a spice and I thought it was awesome.  Next time up Im going with a red dish. that was actually the highlight.Overall, good price and the menu is a very wide variety.  I like Uncle Sal.
4	I went to Uncle Sal's for the first time the other night and would definitely go back.My friends and I ate at the bar, and the selection on the bar menu alone met all of our needs. The bartender was very attentive and our glasses were never empty. The food was good. I got the grilled chicken with the sauteed mushrooms and really enjoyed it. My friends enjoyed their steak and scallops as well. But by far, I have to say the tiramisu was amazing! I would go back for the tiramisu alone. It was creamy and light- just perfect!Also, I found the other customers at the bar to be really friendly. We were interested in trying the pizza, and the people next to us shared one of their slices with us! Can't say that happens very often.I'm from the East Coast, and have had a hard time finding good Italian places here in Phoenix. But I'll say, Uncle Sal's reminds me of a great Italian place back home  in NJ called Goodfellas... and the next time my parents come out here to visit, Uncle Sal's will definitely be one of our stops!
4	I've been to Uncle Sal's for both lunch and dinner, and have never been disappointed. The food has always been great, as well as the service. The place has been around for a long time, and through several owners, but you have to give the place credit for being owned at one time by the wife of John Gotti. Not many out-of-towners may know that after Gotti testified against the mob, he was placed into the witness protection program and relocated to Tempe. Uncle Sal's is a little difficult to locate (as are most mob hangouts). It's located in an unassuming strip mall, which doesn't add to the credibility of the restaurant, but Sal's is an exception. I've taken family, friends and friends of friends to Sal's and everyone loved it.
3	We had pizza in the bar, and it was pretty good, but we were really impressed with the service.  Even though we were a bit concerned that we had walked in 20 minutes prior to closing time, the waitress (and even the busboy) was so friendly.  What we also noticed was that people were picking up carryout orders left and right.  Next time, we'll try that!
4	Went to Uncle Sals last night for dinner with a bunch of friends.  We had a great time.  Friendly, gracious and efficient service.  The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.  We had everything from seafood to chicken.  Everyone raved about their entree.
4	I was craving some Italian food in a casual setting and browsing this Uncle Sal's Yelp entry yielded terms like "old school," and "basic."  I was definitely jonesing for some "old school" Italian food (I'm assuming this meant old school 70's 80's Americana old school).Anyway, the second I stepped in this place I had a good feeling about it.  With each progressive course, from getting my drink frequently refilled, to the garlic bread, and the ridiculously basic soup/salad, I was liking this place more and more.Unfortunately, the Lady wasn't feeling that well and we got our entrees to go and ate the rest in the hotel room and the next morning.  Regardless of sitting in some aluminum containers and not going through any reheating, the food was still great.  This isn't the best uh.... "American Italian" that you'll ever have, but it's pretty damned good and it totally hit the spot.Dishes we've had:Stuffed Mushrooms - drowning in alfredo sauce, with some sort of... pepperoni breadcrumb filling?  This was quite delicious.Clams Oreganada - sure this dish is ridiculously simple and easy to make, but that doesn't keep it from being freaking delicious.  The Lady's first thing when opening the menu was "you're getting the clams, aren't you."Salad - You know when you've lived in St. Louis for too long when you're like "damnit, I forgot to ask them to hold the CHEESE!"  and then be like "oh ok... it's just mozzarella..."Cream of Mushroom Soup - mmmm...Veal Saltimbocca - pretty decentRack of Lamb Marsala - This was excellent.  It was even good at room temp the next morning.
5	My family and I have been eating here for years.  It is a very unassuming restaurant in a strip mall location.  The food is always consistently great and the salad you get with your entree is the best.  Also, the garlic bread is amazing.  Some of the dishes I have had the pleasure of inhaling here are the lasagne, chicken saltinboka, fetachini alfredo, linguini carbonara, linguini and clam sauce, sausage and peppers, oh I could go on and on.  Also, they have a small bar which is dark and relaxing.
2	I'm Confused and Sad...Yelp you lead me astray for the first time in a while!!Why does this place have such great reviews? Do people really think this is good Italian food??The Calamari was BORING and PLAIN and just disappointing.The house salad was BORING and PLAIN and well...nothing special!The Shrimp & Scallop Antiontte, was okay, the sauce was good. The Shrimp were way over cooked, which just ruined the dish!The only highlight of the meal was the garlic bread that came with the meal.Oh and don't forget the Tiramisu...what the heck...Just Terrible! Not even worth describing....What a disappointing meal!!!!!
2	I was dismayed, and heartbroken that this Yelp reviewed establishment was not cracked up to be. I'm saddened that in comparison to the Italian Grotto in old town's main drag this place fails miserably. *tear*Went out to dinner with friends Sara V. and Lauren D., we were looking forward to enjoying some good ol' Italian goodness, just like our experience last Friday at the Grotto, this experience was sorely disappointing. Our server was plain bad, she lied or she was lacking the know how and didn't take the time to find out. What am I talking about? Well it's Fridays and it's Lent so for Catholics, it's a day to abstain from red meat. Seafood and veg can be eaten. So when she took our orders, the ladies went for the house salad, while I chose the soup of the day which was seafood gumbo. I had asked if there was meat in the seafood gumbo in which our server rattled off without making sure, that there was no meat in the gumbo and it was all seafood. So if you've eaten gumbo, altho it may have seafood there's usually some andouille sausage. So I believed her. Salads and soup came, and lo and behold, what was in the soup? seafood yes. yuckiness yes. and drum roll pls.... a meatball. last time i checked that's meat not seafood... so the soup was a fail, and the server failed. The ladies were telling me to start a ruckus but I made the decision to myself that there would be no next time with this place.We ordered their Frito Misto for an appetizer a mix of calamari and three shrimp. Notice the discrepancy here, 3 small breaded shrimp and a plate of calamari... with non-flavorful marinara. two stars.seafood gumbo. zero stars.I ordered the Pesce Alla Vodka, it was shrimp and calamari in a vodka cream sauce. three shrimp, and three scallops. it wasn't jumbo shrimp but that's ok. it was alright nothing wow. nothing that i would forget about the soup incident, silently forgive the messup and come back... no it was meh. so two stars.unlimited garlic bread... ok. three stars.and tiramisu for dessert... ok... let's state my favorite places for tiramisu are the Parlor and the Grotto... both are ridiculously orgasmic this one... heavy on the powder on top and lady fingers were kinda dry... if those two place are orgasmic ummm this one is more like satisfying but not good. so two and half stars.Overall dining experience, one and a half, had to round up to two. not impressed.... seriously disappointed and for all of you who haven't been here, there's seriously better places, totally not worth it.
5	I love Uncle Sal's! My Fiance and I found it through a friend, and we were instantly hooked! First, the Service is OUTSTANDING! The people that work there are fun, outgoing, and make sure you are 100% satisfied with your order. After going there 3 times in 5 months, when we walk in we are greeted as friends! They remember our names, tease us for not coming in more often, and they'll even 'buy' us a glass of wine every now and then. They are great! The FOOD is even better! I go there for lunch (Chiken marsala is DEVINE) and for dinner, I haven't had anything on the menu I didn't like. I couldn't recommend this more highly!
3	I love the food, but the service is hit or miss. Sometimes, they are friendly, other times they just drop you water, take your order and never see them again until you wave them down to get your bill. I always get the chicken focatta which is amazing. The mix of capers, lemon and artichoke hearts. YUMMMM. But i would not going there for dinner, way over priced. Best bet is to do lunch which is basically the same menu and portions but half the price. If you go there just for the food, it's great.
3	I tried this restaurant last night with my husband and should add a disclaimer, he would probably rate this 4 stars, I on the other hand feel 3 represents my experience. I had the spaghetti and meatballs with a side salad. The waitress brought me my salad without asking what type of dressing. I got the italian dressing.. it was alright. My husband however got to pick his dressing and got ranch which he thought was delicious. The sphagetti was decent, a little watery which was annoying and served super hot! They could have waiting a few minutes before serving our meals. We finished with the chocolate mouse cake which was sub par. It was dry and a little too rich. Over all it was a cozy place. Did anyone else think there were just too many menu options? I was overwhelmed! Does anyone else feel that this place has way too many menu options?? I was overwhelmed with choices!
5	My wife and I have been coming to this neighborhood Italian restaurant since before we were married (over 3 years ago). It is a quaint little authentic Italian place hidden in a strip mall. We are both bartenders, so we gravitated towards the bar. We were immediately entertained by Johnny and Mary Ann. They were attentive, fun and great at what they do. The drinks were made right (and my wife is very picky about her dirty Martini's) and the wine kept flowing for me. The food was delicious and very affordable. We have made this our date night spot and stop in as much as possible. In the 3 years we have been coming here, we have yet to have a bad experience or a bad meal. Make sure you get there earlier, since they close at 9pm most nights. The crowd is a great mix of older locals and younger people who are just discovering this spot. It is great for a quick meal or a date night. We love this place!
4	I refuse to eat in chains and Sal's is one of the reasons why.  The foodis very good, about as authentic as you can get in the Valley (which is a sad place to eat in general).  The portions are large, the red sauces have some kick and they pour you a generous drink.  Plus the place is a real value.Best of all real people eat there, the botox level is very low.
5	Love this place... can you veal me people!  Can you veal the love in the air?  Best bar menu in Scottsdale, no veal, but all great.  Very good meatballs, best egg plant parm on the west coast, and did I mention veal?  Eat here 2x/year and these guys can handle groups.... get there early or make a reservation as the word on the value is out to the medicare crew....great outdoor space too, but I am more focused on the food and corktailz..... need a lunch fix of this joint?  They have a side restaurant that is awesome.   Wish this was near my home.   Uncle Sal, you rock!
4	We went here for my birthday dinner; it was a great experience overall.  The restaurant has a homestyle Italian vibe, it's almost quaint (I say almost because there are spacious booths and large tables, but it still has the feel of an intimate restaurant).  We were seated promptly.    The waiter remembered my fellow diner and was very welcoming.  He had a good grasp of the diverse wine list and helped us decide on a carafe of Chianti (it was my birthday, afterall).  As we decided what to order from their expansive menu of specialties, chicken, veal, steak, pasta and seafood dishes we enjoyed a basket of complimentary warm garlic bread.  The Parmesan cheese (in a jar on every table) looked tempting so we sprinkled some on our bread...delicious.  After much debating between the Chicken Champagne and the Chicken Diablo I decided on the latter, with whole wheat spaghetti and green beans and sauteed onions on the side.  My friend had the Chicken Cilantro.  A soup or salad comes with each entree; I had the soup of the day (eggplant bisque), which had just the right amount of body and richness--I'll admit, I wasn't sure what to expect.  I got to try a few bites of the house salad with bleu cheese dressing--it was heavily dressed, but it was oh so good (I almost wish I had gotten that instead!).  Both chicken dishes were wonderful.  I asked for a side of the spicy marinara to satiate my desire for some tangy spicyness.  To conclude the meal I had the chocolate brownie.  It was drizzled with fudge and topped with blue bunny vanilla ice cream.  And of course, there was a lit birthday candle on top.  The brownie was divine; it tasted more like chocolate cake than a brownie, but it was the best damn cake I've ever had.
5	My boyfriend and I went here for dinner on a Sunday night and I have to say the food is outstanding.  We started with drinks and appetizers at the bar. The drinks were affordable and a good pour. We then sat in the dinning area for our meal. The servers were attentive and we knew right away we were going to split both the fillet mingon gorgonzola and baked ziti.  The garlic bread definitely lived up to the reviews and the salads were fresh and delicious.  Both entrees kept us ranting and raving for the rest of the night. Fine dining quality food in a non-fine dining atmosphere.  Mom & pop type ambiance. Overall...5 star experience
2	Iv been here a few time this is an old school mediocre food Italian restaurant service is fair interior is actually cool.
4	I have lived nearby for the past 5 years and had no desire to go to this establishment partially because of the fact that it seemed a bit bland but also because the strip mall it's in (stuck between an Office Max and a UPS store, isn't the most pleasant to visit or enjoy a meal). That being said I was a fool I'll admit. At the urging of my girlfriend to try something new, I finally accepted to go. It was for whatever reason very buys for a Tuesday, something I really can't complain about because a lot of what makes a restaurant one in which I want to return is the atmosphere, preferably not dread and you being the only one(s) eating there. I was taken aback by the fact that when you enter the restaurant you've basically entered  the geriatric society of Scottsdale. But the crowd is vibrant and there is definitely almost a "neighborhood hangout" feel which is extremely rare to find in Scottsdale From the conversations overheard I'd be cool with having any of them as grandparents.The decor felt no so much Mediterranean or Italian as it did that of a country club or vessel but it was still homey atmosphere and well done. As for the food, I had the tortellini alla panna and my girlfriend got the lasagna. I've never been a big fan of restaurant lasagna to be honest (other than in Europe) and this dish was pretty good.I have to give a big thumbs up to the side salad. Delicious basically. The service was perfect, the atmosphere despite (yes you can hate on me) the fact that we were half the age of everyone there was really pleasant. Definitely felt like Cheers but with great food.
5	Been here a couple of times for "occasion" dinners and I have never been disappointed. Yes, I am your typical "yelp" elitist. I don't enjoy McDonalds, Applebees or Olive Garden. Uncle Sal's is a legit spot for a nice dinner.As soon as you walk in, you are treated to a nice, quiet, classy place. It's so "NOT SCOTTSDALE"....so if you are looking for a scene, go elsewhere. This is where you take someone special for their birthday, or your parents when they come visit. The type of place where you WANT to engage in a conversation. The server is very friendly....and even remembers you if you come back.  The menu has something for EVERYONE, vegetarians, pescatarians, and carnivores alike.The wine list is quite good (with awards from Wine Spectator), and a cozy bar as well.There are only 15 or so tables, so if you want a table, call ahead for a reservation. It will help.You'll like this spot....but don't come here expecting Culinary Dropout, or Sapporo type of a vibe. It's an old school, quiet type of place. Enjoy!
5	This place is awesome! The wife and I went here on our date night. We arrived a little later than we were hoping (around 9pm), but the staff was still friendly and accommodating. We each had a salad. I had the Zuppa de Pesce and the wife had the Chicken Piccata.We shared a little bit of each other's meal and I can't complain aout either. My dish was one of the best I've had at an American-Italian restaurant. My wife's meal was pretty spectacular, as well. The chicken was moist, juicy and full of flavor. My dish was full of seafood. Typically, you get like 4 pieces of shrimp, a couple oysters and maybe a couple of other proteins; but, this dish was full of big shrimp, scallops, mussles and clams. Everything was perfectly cooked!After dinner, we decided to share a tiramisu. Once again, perfection. Great way to end a great evening.I will definitely be coming back...
5	I work around the corner from Uncle Sal's and was introduced to this gem by my boss. Since that fateful first encounter, I have been enjoying lunch here every other month or so for over three years. The atmosphere is cozy and relaxed. The service in the bar (where I usually eat) is excellent... my cup is never less than half-full and the food comes out within 15-20 minutes of ordering. What I've had here: - Grilled Italian Sausage with Green & Red Bell Peppers (only available in the bar) - delicious! This is a lot of food for only $7.95. - Chicken Marsala (entree) - one of my favorites! This is a full chicken breast in an abundance of Marsala with loads of tender mushrooms. - Chicken Francese (sandwich and entree) - PERFECTION. This is my all time favorite at Uncle Sal's. Chicken breast with a white wine and lemon sauce. - Chicken Parmigiana - Tasty. - Eggplant Parmigiana (sandwich) - Yummy for those days when I don't want meat. Get this with the sweet potato fries! I've also had one of their pizzas. Pretty good, but I've never ordered it again because they have so many other things that are better. I highly recommend Uncle Sal's! Side Note: To be fair, I took my husband here once and he wasn't blown away. There might be something wrong with him though... :)
4	I decided to check this place out simply because it was close to my hotel and looked nice from the outside. I ordered Linguine w/White Clam Sauce and was very content. Even the garlic bread was delicious.The service: not so great. I was seated outside and had to wait a very long time just for my server to take my order. After I received my food, she was still inattentive.
4	I went to Uncle Sals Side Door Corner Store for lunch one Friday, and I loved it.  I was very impressed with the selection of food, as well as the prices.  I had the Italian beef sandwich with some cheese on top.  I have not had a decent Italian beef sandwich since I moved from the Midwest until I went to this place.  If you're looking for Italian beef, this is the place.  Its not a fancy place, rather a hole-in-the-wall location with a very comfortable atmosphere.
5	Love this place. Truly one of the best Italian restaurants in the valley.. Great ambiance. Authentic Italian food. Very reasonable priced as well. Great service
5	I loved Uncle Sal's!  I was visiting and rented a condo down the street.  Everywhere I went people recommended it.  We sat in the bar and the staff was awesome, the wine was great, the food was delicious and affordable.  About a week later we went to The Side Door, a little pub attached to Uncle Sal's and same owner.  I had an excellent Chicago hot dog and my friend had the best mac and cheese.  Then we went into Uncle Sal's and had tiramasu for desert.  SO good!
5	We took my mom here for her birthday tonight and we really, really enjoyed it. The place was very clean, nice looking and super friendly, professional service (thanks Nick!!!). Alot of guests seemed like they knew each other and the staff, so it had a very homey and welcoming feel. They had an extensive wine list, too bad they didn't have a Moscato (my new favorite), but we ordered the Riesling instead, which was still wonderful. I had the Chicken Saltimboca, mom had the braised beef and her husband had the Eggplant Rollintini. Everything was very tasty. Not greasy, heavy and over salted. Just real flavors of all the food. They also bring out the best garlic bread, I must have ate 8 pieces! The cannoli was made exactly how it should be made and the tartufo was excellent along with an Illy espresso. YUM!! What a very pleasant dining and food experience. I will definitely be back!
5	I have never had a bad meal at Uncle Sal's. This is the type of italian place that has you unbuttoning your pants at the end of your meal AND taking left overs home! Great wine selection too!
5	You can't go wrong at Uncle Sal's.  We have never had a bad meal.  The atmosphere is relaxing and cozy and the service is great.  Pick anything on the menu because you will be pleased
5	Best of the Best AGAIN!!!!
4	great, family owned place that feels like the kind of italian joint that is made with love. Food options are very good with traditional italian dishes and unique entrees that can't be found elsewhere.
4	Hadn't been here for a couple of years since I used to have my office practically next door. Had forgotten how good it was, and especially the garlic bread always brought for free at the beginning. Came with my wife, daughter and her boyfriend for his pre-triathalon pasta. Two huge chicken dished and two calamari Fra Diablos later, we were stuffed. One note - the Fra Diablo was too mild for my, and even my daughter's taste. I should have realized when I saw the much older clientele, typical of the neighborhood. Easily solved upon ordering. And the prices were incredibly fair, $110, with 3 glasses of wine, tax and tip for the four of us.
5	I am Italian and I NEVER go to Italian restaurants because they're never better then what I make at home. However, Uncle Sal's is PHENOMENAL. The gentleman on the phone was so wonderful when I called and helped me create the pizza I wanted. The pizza itself was TO DIE FOR! The crust was so fresh, the cheese was perfection and all the toppings were awesome. I honestly could go on forever about this place. I even called to thank them personally for such a lovely experience. Everything about this experience was what great customer service and great food should be.
5	I think this is my favorite Italian restaurant! I have really really loved everything I have tried here. My boyfriend loves Italian food, I do not. However, this place is amazing. The food is great. We always have a nice server. We're usually the youngest couple in the dining room, but hey, that's south Scottsdale for ya!
4	Eggplant parmigiana is the best I've tried, and I'm Italian with an Italian family that loves to cook.  I'm not going to say that everything on their menu is as good as the eggplant but this is an above average Italian restaurant with some excellent treasures on the menu.  If you go before 5pm or order before 5pm you get lunch prices which are very reasonable for the same dinner portions.  Great deal!  And did I mention the eggplant?
5	Great experience! Friendly staff, relaxing atmosphere and scrumptious food. Overall, Uncle Sal's tastes and feels like your are in a $$$$ restaurant for only $$.
3	Nice Italian restaurant in a strip mall. Once inside, you forget that you're in Arizona.  The food was average, but service impeccable. In fact, I was beyond disappointed in the flavor of the food as I had heard so many positive comments on this restaurant. The escargot appetizer was the best of everything we tried. Dipping the tasty garlic bread in the hot butter sauce is a great way to clean up the appetizer. Every other food item just seemed to be missing something. The house salad with blue cheese was okay. Very mild tasting. Youbarely taste the dressing and the mozzarella garnered more of the attention. The salad definitely could have used some blue cheese crumbles. The crab bisque had a decent flavor, but you could tell fake crab was used. The chicken, veal and spinach cannelloni was far too mushy and needed a little more meatiness to it. The Veal Mario was very flavorful with the sun dried tomatoes, but the meat was overcooked. The Shrimp and Scallop Antoinette had the best combination of flavors of all the dishes. Shrimp a little overdone, but scallops were cooked perfect, as was the pasta. Great dish! The meatball side dish we shared as a table (you get two) were dry and had no flavor. I expected a lot more from meatballs from a true Italian restaurant. The service was incredible with very knowledgeable and friendly staff. They always had water glasses filled and the waiter (Nick) timed and served the different courses of the meal perfectly. We never felt rushed or like we we're waiting too long for the next item. While the flavor of the food was not at the level I expected, Uncles Sal's is worth a try. I'll be back as the service was great, and maybe the cooks were just having an off night!
5	From the wine, to the service to food, this place is OG Italian. If you are ready for some carb-loading this is the place.
5	Been  5-6 times this always great.  Chicken salad great.  Mussels great.  Neighborhood feel.  Going this Friday again.  You can hold a good conversation without raising your voice.  The waitress  seems to remember my name.a Favorite
4	Just had lunch there.  We were seated right away and given water right away but after that, it seems like we were forgotten.  It's no wonder - it seems there was only one waitress doing all the work.  She was very attentive when she actually had time for us.  I don't "blame" her one bit - for a place as popular as Uncle Sal's, it seems management should be aware of how many servers they need on staff.  I dunno - maybe somebody called in sick.At any rate - I got the chicken Scarpariello and it was outstanding.  Wonderful flavor, expertly cooked.  The "joint" was quaint and neighborly - I bet it has a great vibe at night.  The decor was so very 30 years ago - which was awesome.  It reminds me of the little places where the husband and wife are in the back cooking, all the kids are servers and the old grandma who only speaks Italian is in back stirring a pot of gravy.  Sigh... memories...Only people who truly appreciate what it means to eat at a family restaurant will "get" this place.  It's sad that so many people hold Olive Garden or some other God-awful chain in such high regard as to grade everyone else according to that standard.  Good job, Uncle Sal's - you impressed me!
5	I so wish this restaurant was in Southern California!  We came to Scottsdale with our gymnastics team and had our team dinner here for 50 people.  Sally, the owner, and Nick, our waiter, were so friendly, professional and classy.  The food was outstanding, the service exceptional, and it was a perfect event.  Every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group.  Sally went above and beyond to make sure our entire group was satisfied, and we were!
5	Great place after the ballgames
5	First time tonight,  went on reccommendation of a friend.  My wife had the Eggplant Rolettini, the best she ever had.  I had a special order,  a Chicked Scarpiello with Sausage and Roasted Potatoes.   Alex the waiter counldn't have been better as he had the chef  prepare my special order perfectly.   Service was great food ws great atmosphere was good.   We'll be back ........................
4	Uncle Sal's was recommended by a friend. Being raised in New York City (and having an Italian grandmother), I love Italian food.Four of us went on the busiest night  of the week, the Saturday before Easter Sunday. The food was impeccable. My cioppino was more than almost anyone could eat, the seafood was excellent. My friends' entrees were lasagna (meat), gnocchi and lobster ravioli. All were superb. We shared 2 orders of the Mozarella Caprese. The tomatoes were soft enough to be ripe and the cheese was melted perfectly. Caesar salads were had by all. My only small nitpick was that anchovies had to be specified, they aren't automatic. The carafe of red vino di casa was fine.The service was excellent. The waitstaff was there for us when we needed them without being intrusive. Excellent food. This restaurant wouldn't be out of place in Little Italy in NYC, the North End of Boston or Federal Hill in Providence.
2	Not sure if they were off their game, but we went for dinner on my birthday and it was underwhelming. I've lived nearby for 10 yrs, my wife has been there, but now I know why we don't go there regularly.First, we were seated pretty quickly, ordered Starters, and our entrees. Starters came out reasonably fast and nice and hot (Escargot). Then 15 min after we were served our starters, a 5-top was seated next to us. They got their salads rather quickly, and we still didn't get ours. After being there for about 55 Min, I asked the busboy (The server hadn't been around for a while) about our salads, and he got them right away. Must have been sitting...waiting... After another long wait, our entrees came out. Scallops and Shrimp were cold inside. Were they now rushed because they were late? (It was about 1:15 at this point). We also both ordered the same dish, and one had noticeably larger scallops than the other. Stuff happens, But  the first excuse was that they were busy with a 65 person party, OK, I get that, they're busy for a sunday, but then I asked why the 5-top who was seated about 20 min after us had their entrees already and we just got our salads, we were told, "well escargot does take a long time." I guess OUR escargot took longer than the one at that table. I don't like being lied to. Just tell the truth. Now I won't be back. Lots of great places to eat in Old Town.There were a lot of "regulars" and tourists that the servers spent a lot of time chatting with. I certainly won't be either at this place. A shame, as it's just around the corner.
2	Update: The first 5 or 6 times I ate at Uncle Sal's it was amazing. However, it has gotten worse and worse since then. On our most recent visit (on a Tuesday night) it was pretty busy. After being ignored at the hostess stand for what felt like 5 minutes, I was finally told it would be "about 15 minutes" for a table for two. After 45 minutes to an hour, and after every other group of people who came in after us were seated, we were finally seated in that "oh, shit, I forgot to seat these people who have been waiting way too long that even though I wrote their name down on the list I seemed to keep skipping over them for no apparent reason". It was uncomfortable.We were finally sat in the back section of the restaurant where there were a good 5 or 6 open tables around us. After waiting 10 minutes for our flustered waitress (who never apologized for the wait or introduced herself) to finally come over, she asked if we were ready to order our food yet. Didn't tell us any specials, didn't ask if we have any questions, didn't even give us a chance to order a bottle of wine... We saw her one more time the rest of the night when she brought our check with out even thanking us. Oh, and the food was disgusting on that night. My pene vodka tasted like frozen Michelana's, and my boyfriends shrimp fettucini alfredo was inedible. The shrimp were so over cooked they were hard and crunchy, and the alfredo sauce was so tastless and heavy it gave us both a stomach ache. At this point I was so annoyed I didn't even have the energy to complain to the arrogant host/manager that forgot about us for an hour. Hopefully in the summer time it will have slowed down a bit and they will get their shit together. They obviously don't operate well when they're busy. It was like being on Gordon Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares
2	A very inadequate meal and expensive for the low quality food you get.  Ordered the veal sorrentino and it was not enjoyable to eat.  Very dry, tough...just gross.  Caesar salad was also disgusting and unpleasant, saturated in dressing.  I did like the atmosphere, laid back and comfortable.  Knowing that Pasta Brioni is down the street, I won't go back.
3	Dont believe the hype! Uncle Sals is very average.  I love good Italian food.  I only gave it 3 stars because I couldn't give 2.5 stars.  The Cesar salads had to be 80 degrees and lacked any real spice, 2 croutons.  My Wifes veal Marsala was tough, the sauce was lacking, the green beans were mush. Our guests Rolatini was excellent.   My veal parameasan was good but it had an inch of sauce on top which made it in edible, the alfredo was ok.  I dislike meat on top of pasta or potatoes  because when you cut it you crush it into the pasta  The wine list was good, the teramasu was good. For $240 for four people it wasnt worth it, subtract $78 for wine it was still high.   Overall the restaurant was average eat at Marcellinos its  five star rating by any means far better like eating in Italy.  Not a wanna be restaurant
5	Hands down the best neighborhood Italian restaurant in AZ. The veal, chicken and pasta dishes are all amazing. One of the best salads in town as well. The bar menu is one of the best deals as well, tons of food for not a lot of money. They also pour a great glass of wine.
3	This restaurant is ok. The house salad was a handful of romaine lettuce with some shredded cheese in the middle. No tomatoes, no onions nothing. Weird. The bread is not bad  It's thick slices of  french bread lightly toasted with garlic and butter.  I ordered chicken Marsala as I do nearly everywhere we eat Italian food. This one was nothing to write home about. I would say it's above average but not worth it for the price. My kids ordered Fettuccine Alfredo and it was phenomenal, but then, how hard is it to make that dish? My husband ordered the special they were having that night and was disappointed when it came out. The server had obviously not fully understood what went into the dish and therefor was not able to convey that to the customer (us). I think this place is way way too expensive especially for being in a rundown strip mall. Some of the reviews spoke about a long wait etc... call ahead and make reservations. You will get right in.
4	Great find, located in a strip mall, not much from the outside, but great atmosphere on the inside. There's an awesome bar area that's elevated and separated from the regular dining area.  It has a wraparound bar with high top tables on either side. The mood is fun and the wait staff is awesome. The bar area has a separate menu with lots of great specials, but you can also order from the regular dinner menu if you'd like.There is also a separate dining room that's quieter and has seating for larger groups.  However, in the dining room you can only order from the dinner menu.  The food is great, lots of selection and they bring as much garlic bread as you want.  The wait staff is friendly, helpful and very attentive.  They even package up the leftovers for you, in our case there was enough for another meal.
5	I love this place...it's like going to dinner with family only better. It's a great neighborhood place---just wish it was in MY neighborhood!!! The very best rack of lamb and Walleye Pike! But eat in the bar --it's always a fun, fun place and the bar menu is great! Try the pork chop, the hamburger steak, scallops---whatever! It's all great and everyone who works there has been there forever!! They recently remodeled and it looks great!!!
5	I do not understand some of these reviews. I eat out in fine restaurants a lot here and many other cities throughout the US and I LOVE Uncle Sal's. The marinara sauce is one of my favorites...the pork chop is excellent...the short ribs are divine...and the staff are so friendly and helpful. Love it.  If you waited almost an hour at any restaurant without raising hell...I recommend you man up. I would not do that. I highly recommend this restaurant.
4	Such mixed reviews.... I had to go, my NY Italian food needs in tow. It is so hard to get anything even close to authentic Italian in this desert....well, I really enjoyed everrything, my guests were gushing. Of course I had to try the hot wings, cuz I always do. They were excellent, no complaints, nice buffalo sauce and perfectly cooked. No, they really do not go with Italian food, but I went to college near Buffalo so I am addicted. We sampled a nice selection. The seafood dishes were good, Fra Diavolo sauce was right on, shrimp a bit chewy. The bar menu had a sausage and pepper entree that brought me back to the boardwalk. Of course, it didn't have that Newark bread we all love, but it was delicious. Their marinara was cooked down and flavorful, deep and dark. Some places seem to pour it our of the can. And meals come with salad!! AND GARLIC BREAD! Good, toasted garlic bread with flavor!! Drinks were great, wait staff was great, nice vibe. A bit of an older crowd, but that's the sign of a great Italian joint, right? I didn't get to try the Marsala...but the chopped steak smothered with onions was a crowd fave. So I vote thumbs up. I will be back. Oh, and happy hour specials, too.
3	The food here was OK- the service was OK, but the atmosphere was a little uncomfortable. I can't really put my finger on it, but we will try again.
5	You can go and have a drink or meal at the bar any or every day of the week. It reminds me of the bar in Cheers. The bar food is delicious and reasonable, the drinks are delicious, and the staff quickly become friends!
3	Been here twice. First time was really good except they had redo my pizza. Second time, not so good. Pizza was comparable to Dominos. I will say the Cadillac Margaritas were kick butt.
5	Best homemade Italian food!  Fresh and homemade pasta.  Had the fettuccine Alfredo w chicken and broccoli, best I ever had.  Bruschetta was awesome too.  Quick and friendly service.
4	This place is in a strip mall, but do not judge a book by its cover, it is cute inside. My gf had wine and I had the Chicken Parmigiana. She enjoyed her glass of wine and my plate was HUGE! Two big pieces of chicken, and it was very good. The bread was also delicious and loaded with butter and garlic. Service was on key too. I would definitely go back.
4	What a great neighborhood find!  My daughter and I had such a great time!  They were very accommodating for us.  I hope my hubby and I get to return for happy hour or some time at the bar.  Very nice, casual environment (and clean)!!  I hesitate to give it 5 stars because the service wasn't totally spot on... I am open to upgrade my rating upon a favorable return.We will be back.  I will recommend.  :)
4	What a find! We were visiting Scottsdale with another couple for a week of golf and relaxation. This was to be our only  night dining out and asked for a recommendation from a friend living in the area. We would never have found this spot on our own - didn't find it on Yelp and located in a rather obscure strip mall. Food was great, service was good, prices quite reasonable. A bit on the casual side but that didn't bother us - we were in a casual mood all week anyway!
3	classic Italian food and a great service!
1	I have such conflict leaving a 1 star review for Uncle Sal's. Why? Because I LOVE Uncle Sal's food. I have been eating here off and on for years and live close by. Make no mistake; it's some of the tastiest Italian fare around--I have never had a bad meal. The problem? A cockroach infestation. Yes--infestation. One need only keep ones eyes open. In June, I went to eat for my birthday. As we were sitting awaiting our meal, a small cockroach scurried across our table. Ok--one measly roach--I can handle that as an anomaly. But when I went back again in about 4 weeks with a friend for lunch, we waited in a back booth (for 20 minutes I might add) for someone to take our order (that's a whole other story--seems the lunch wait staff becomes somewhat frazzled when they get a rush--an acknowledgement, or a simple "haven't forgotten about you, will be right there" would have sufficed)--we sat waiting and as we both looked at the brick wall over the heads of a table of some gentlemen having a biz lunch, we both noticed 2-3 little roaches darting in and out of the cracks of the wall. My friend and I simultaneously said: "are you seeing what I am seeing?" And agreed in unison to leave. As we passed our apparition of a wait person on our way out, I informed this person that we were leaving and why. She simply looked at me with very little expression and said (I kid you not) "oh, I know we have roaches, they are just active because we sprayed recently". I informed her that one scurried across my table a month ago as well. She just shrugged. Sigh. Sorry to do this to you Uncle Sal's, but until you can have someone get in there and bomb the place, And claim you are roach free, I simply have no interest in sharing my meal with an army of 6 legged buggies. I can only imagine how many of them could be lurking in the kitchen and I am no wuss. Beware. Sad state of affairs. I miss you, Uncle Sal's, but not that much.
5	I do love this place. I have been going here for for New Year's even dinner as a tradition since moving to the Valley. My most recent visit did not disappoint. When I called for reservations they were already booked, so we tried our luck in the bar. Our perseverance paid off and we found a spot. The bar area is great and they have a bar menu that offers great food at a fairly cheap price. I had the NY strip and added the gorgonzola sauce that they serve on the pricier filet in the dining room. It was fantastic, the steak was cooked perfectly and the gorgonzola sauce is creamy and has just a little bite from the gorgonzola cheese. Our table also split the frito misto appetizer, the shrimp and calamari were very fresh and cooked perfectly.I have never had a bad meal here, the cioppino should not be missed. The service in the bar was friendly and very attentive, they make a heck of an old fashioned as well.
4	Great atmosphere. Delicious choices. Perfect pricing for the quality & quantity. Our waiter was super attentive & friendly. Minus one star for the vegetables being a bit cafeteria style.
4	Their 'shrimp & scallops Antoinette' (with white wine & artichoke hearts) was delicious!
5	I've been in this place several times and it's one of my favorites for several reasons.The prices for what you get are great, nice ambiance and good servings.Tip: They have special prices at the bar, and it's a great place to sit for parties of 1-3.We had the short rib (bar portion) and stuffed mushrooms to share. Nothing not to L-O-V-E of this dishes. The mushrooms are in a thick cheese sauce and the brisket in a juice that you can soak the garlic bread to reach a food nirvana. I also ordered the file (11 oz) with gorgonzola sauce and fries. WOW. Seriously 5 people around me were drooling and asking me how it was. The guy next to me said that he would order that next week.But be careful, the servings are pretty generous. I ended up leaving like 1/4 of the filet.I strongly recommend to order several dishes to share everything, you know what they say, right? "Sharing is caring".Again, don't expect a fancy pretentious place or up-scale restaurant. But the food quality, servings and price point are unbeatable. If I have to complain about something, I believe the restrooms need to be updated. Cheers.PS This place was part owned by Sammy "the bull" Gravano's wive back in the day, which gives it the feeling of the Italian joint of the movies.
5	I love the food here. It can get super packed on Friday nights though. We had to sit in the bar because it was filled with reservations. However, I have gone plenty of other times before the rush and it was never that packed. The service here is excellent even at the bar. The food here is even better. The best Italian food so far I've ate in Scottsdale!
5	I had been to Uncle Sal's numerous times about 10 years ago.  The return visit recently was top notch.  My companion and I were greeted and seated immediately. The waiter was friendly, attentive, professional, and explained the specials of the day.  He kept us totally happy, and you really felt like he cared.  The bus staff did a great job also.  The food was absolutely delicious.  A great evening out.  Totally enjoyed it.  Even commented later how nice it was to experience a restaurant that knows what good ambiance, food, and service means.  Seems you seldom find the entire package anywhere anymore.  These people do it right.  We will be going to this restaurant more often.  Can't wait to take friends there.
5	GREAT food.  one of BEST veal dishes I've ever had AND reasonable prices.  Small family atmosphere but due to limited space, better make reservations.  Food like mama used to make.  Will be coming back here again and again.
3	First time at this restaurant.  Food was quite good and portions generous. Impressed that they had a good selection of Italian beer.  Wait staff fairly attentive, not very outgoing.  Would rate higher but the seating arrangement was curious, to say the least. Restaurant opens at 4; we called at 3:30 to make reservations.  Were initially told that nothing was available until after 8.  After talking with another hostess, we were told we could be seated on the patio.  We showed up at 4, and there were only two other parties seated.  Still we were seated on the patio, facing the sun. We were told we were lucky to get our reservations in when we did.  When we finished about an hour later, we still were the only party seated outside.  So initial impression is a mixed bag.
5	This place is now my go to Italian spot.Huge servings, fresh pasta, and priced just great.I've sat at the bar on several occasions and had the short rib, the stuffed cap mushrooms, NY Strip steak and their freshly toasted garlic bread. All of it was a carb feast but loved every bite.I will definitely go back often. I even took my parents here and they agreed with my review. You will too!
1	I usually do not write reviews but I was so disappointed in this restaurant I had to voice it. My friends and family were in Scottsdale for Easter weekend and decided to eat here based on the reviews. We were expecting a nice family Italian restaurant with great service and authentic food. This was not the case at all. Our waiter never introduced himself, did not explain the specials , nor did he ask us if we had  any questions about the menu. I felt like we were at a fast food diner not a star rated restaurant. Our drinks were never refilled unless we asked and our plates were rudely placed with a loud thud on the table. The food was just okay but the service was terrible. I would never go back. This was one of my worst experiences ever . We would have had a better dinner and experience at Olive Garden. Don't waste your time or money here.
5	Sat on the patio for lunch with my hubby! For under $20 plus tip we ate like kings! Dinner is more $ but the homemade quality is well worth it! Lunch by far was the best bang for the buck with included soup or salad and garlic bread which was delicious!!! Juicy chicken parm was luscious and the tortellini alla pana was divinely decadent! The bar menu all day includes steaks and pork chops for around $10..., this is going to be a new go to place for us for sure!One week later:Went back a week later for lunch and had the fish special for lunch $13 pan seared Halibut (6-8oz) over linguini with a tomato basil and caper sauce... To die for! Perfectly cooked... Best fish I have had and for the price it cannot be beat... Salad and delish bead... Unbelievable!
2	uncle sals is nothing special. in fact it's unspecial as in retarded in their customer service. the food is average but service is horrible. we have eaten there twice take out too actually. this evening. my girlfriend picked up the food and was told by the cashier that the salmon bruschetta would not be available so the kitchen left out the salmon and mamagement subtracted one dollar off the bill. complained right then and there.Nothing was offered. This is the 2nd time our order was prepared with errors and not the tasty food we were anticipating.  My girlfriends seven year old daughter with the rest of her school mates could do a better job of preparing a take out meal.  When my girlfriend called Sal's again to complain the man identifying himself as the manager hung up on her.  i just read previous reviews where there is a cockroach infestion?
4	Good Italian food at a good price.  Great place for lunch.  It's not fancy but it is consistently good.  I haven't been here for dinner but lunch has always been a winner with great service.
5	Its my favor Italian rest is casual with good fresh food and friendly staff ... Its a great spot to wach some sports have a glass of wine and have some good pasta.
5	Excellent service and food as always.  I had the cioppino and was surprised by the tenderness and freshness of the seafood.  The tomato sauce was delicate and had a lot of great flavor as well.  Looking forward to lunch tomorrow so I can enjoy the leftovers.
1	This is an intervention.  I rarely get myself involved in what I consider to be unfounded Yelp ratings, but this is necessary.  It is time.  Rock-bottom has been reached.  Uncle Sal, we care about you, but the first step is to admit....   Four stars with almost a hundred reviews?  Really?There is NO WAY this place even comes NEAR other establishments in Scottsdale including Pig & Pickle and Citizen Public House - WITH THE SAME STAR RATINGS!!  Each to his/her own, yes, but for my money I'd avoid this "4 star" restaurant.  Let me tell you why:As I often do, I checked Yelp for nearby eateries in Scottsdale.  Fine.  Cozy Italian-American seemed a nice stray from the usual for me.  APPS:  fried calamari and stuffed clams.  Clams:  way too heavy on the Progresso bread crumbs, hardly any clams, and the bread crumbs weren't even baked or cooked.  Dry and loose.  Yuk.  The marinara is passable but the calamari and shrimp were dry, rubbery, and bland.  Straight from freezer to cooker (and way too much cooking at that).  Chicken Diablo:  Swimming in oil, and not high-quality EVOO.  Just oil and chicken fat.  Pasta:  NOT homemade.  C'mon guys.  Where is Uncle Sal?  Halibut with lemon/caper over pasta:  Overcooked, dry fish.  Boxed, dried pasta.  Meh.  For $20?  RIght.  The House Salad?  Old lettuce with large chunks of grated cheese.  That's it.  Give me iceberg, shaved carrots, and bottled Hidden Valley any day.  (Snark?  What?  Moi?).I also think too many reviews are skewed by what some consider to be bad service.  In this case, they were right:  The other review about service is NOT a gripe.  They lack organization and training.  Lots of running around but nothing accomplished.   It took almost 30 minutes and several please to get a drink order.  At the same time, other tables were getting VIP treatment, even from the older gentleman (Manager?  Uncle Sal?) running around "running' things.  There were only 4 tables that night.  And at least 5 runners/servers/staff (not including bartenders, etc).  WTF?  Was it a racial issue?  Because we weren't regulars?  Couldn't say, but definitely noticed.Sorry, Uncle Sal, I won't be back.  Unless the intervention works.  Call Gordon Ramsey or that other dude...I feel a Food Network episode germinating...
5	My husband and I tried Uncle Sal's for the first time.  We have heard a lot of good things about Sal's but for some reason never got around to trying it.  Well ....we will now be regulars!First they bring you garlic bread that is delish!!  I had the NY steak and it was cooked perfect and my husband had a scallop dish over angel hair pasta that was very good.Oh ...and before your main course they bring you a house salad that is very good and nice portion.To top the meal off we had Tiramisu and I have to say it was the best I have ever had!!!Uncle Sal's has good food, friendly service, homey atmosphere, and reasonable prices....can't ask for much more!
2	In keeping with my practice of "One Visit for a NOT so good Review" and "Multiple visits for a GOOD Review,"  I wish I could give this well appointed Restaurant a better Review. The service was terrific, with a knowledgeable Server,  but unfortunately the food left a lot to be desired. My salad was well dressed, although it could have had a few more ingredients (Romaine Lettuce and a single lonely cherry tomato) and my Shrimp Pasta had only three, relatively small forlorn shrimp atop some very nicely done Pasta, with an unremarkable sauce. VERY disappointing.
3	Went there specifically to try the eggplant that I had seen some good reviews on; it was good but not great status; the 3 star is given due to service and the Italian dressing was great.  The garlic bread is dry and not as good as some reviews testify.
5	For my appetizer I had the escargot, which were luscious. For my main course, the lobster ravioli. My husband had the clams for an appetizer and veal parmigiana for his main course. We were both very happy with our entire overall experience and the waitstaff was outstanding. What a great night out!
5	The random find is still the most exciting. Did not see this place on Yelp at all while searching for lunch. Anyway, glad I found it. After all, it does have a good mafia connection as Sammy the Bull used to own the joint and Sinatra was blaring in the background as I was enjoying my first free order of garlic bread. The next order and probably all I wanted was free too. Lunch portions are the same size as dinner and I still haven't eaten 10 hours later from lunch. The salad to start (or soup) was pretty average with romaine and mozzarella and one lonely tomato, but blue cheese dressing was thick and good. The highlight was the Baked Ziti. This thing came out boiling from the oven and seriously did not cool off until 40 minutes into the entree. Loads of cheese and meat sauce and marinara and baked to utter perfection. Clearly NY style as I do believe I ran into some ricotta as well. The food was the best part, but all of this (see photo) and salad and bread for $7.50? Yes, crazy. Careful though cause the fresh ground salt looks like the pepper and I had a salty first bite of salad. Obviously alot of regulars here, even daytime drinkers, but at 1pm I was only one of three tables eating in dining room. Twenty minutes later, I had the joint to myself, well me and Sinatra and the ghosts of Sammy the Bull. Great find and no issues with service. Do lunch.
2	Typical strip mall restaurant in South Scottsdale.  Looks totally outdated inside.  Covering up pasta with an overdose of sauce should be criminal. Clearly no love for food in the kitchen. So not impressed.
2	I want to love this place. The food was pretty decent, tons of leftover cioppino! They should offer half portions. I met a fellow solo diner at the bar to chat with. BUT the roach on the bar at the beginning of my meal kinda ruined it for me. The bartender killed it with a napkin from a pile it had been crawling around in.. Then used another napkin from the same pile to put my drinks on!! Yuck
4	The angel hair pomodoro was a complete mess today. The noodles were overcooked and the dish had big wedges of mushy tomatoes blanketing the pasta. Despite all the oil, parsley, oregeno and garlic, the dish also had no taste at all. The ratio of tomatoes to noodles was 5-1 in the tomatoes favor. Not their best effort, but house italian was a a good dressing at least for the salad. Will go back to red sauce dishes.
4	Uncle Sal's like the american italian uncle you wish you had. The atmosphere... is a little "older generation" home vibe-y but the food here is good. Never ever order the half bottled wines. taste like crap out of the cardboard box, because it is.I always get the same thing so I can't really speak for a lot of things on the menu but if you want a really good white wine sauce pasta.. this is the place to come.Zuppa de Pesce is soooooooo bomb here.
4	Good food at good prices. Large menu plus daily specials. Large salads. Good neighborhood eating and drinking establishment. Everybody seems to know everybody.
5	I cannot believe I haven't reviewed this.  One of my favorite restaurants in all of Phoenix.  The casual atmosphere, helpful attentive wait staff and the wonderful bartenders make this a location which really reminds me of many of the restaurants I used to frequent back in New York.  The owner, Bobby is very personable, and takes an active interest in his customers.  I've had most of the dishes on the menu, and never would rate any of them less than a five out of five.  On the appetizers, some of my favorites are the mussels, the frito misto and the stuffed mushrooms.  On the entrees, I've had chicken there every way they have on the menu, from Cilantro to Ste. Marie; all four veals; both steaks, and every seafood dish.  All are delicious.  There pasta dishes are to die for, as are their calzones and strombolis.  Their cold sandwiches are delicious, but I've only had 2 of their hot subs:  philly and meatballs, both of which were delicious.I would be remiss if I didn't give a special shout out to their bar menu.  Wow.  I haven't had everything on it, but most of them.  The strip steak is delicious, the open faced ground round is huge and perfectly done.  The butterfly shrimp, grilled chicken breast, scallops, and Italian sausage are all fantastic.I go there a 3-4 times a month (only Jade Palace gets more visits per month as Uncle Sal's - and I eat out A LOT).  But when I first started going there, I had been there about 3 times for lunch, and as I walked in, the bartender, Mary Anne, remembered me, my name, and what I drank.  Love that in a bartender.  I've been there for lunch, for dinner; with my son, with a group; for business meetings; for special occasions; I've sat inside, at the bar and outside.  NEVER been disappointed.
5	This has got to be the best italian food in all of Arizona.  The baked clams, which I have not had in 15 years, were fantastic.  Veal picata to die for.  Very friendly staff, excellent service. Too bad I live in San Diego becuase I could see myself going there at least once a week.  Just fabulous!
5	NY strip steak for lunch.  Hot tip - eat in the bar area.  Same food; lower prices.  The place is just a great value for All American food.  When I'm in downtown Scottsdale I'll drive over here to have an excellent lunch.  My engineer-customers love it too.
3	It is really nice quaint Italian restaurant in a strip mall.If you are 50 years + then this is the place for you. The Caprese salad was very good. The pasta and New York strip steak was average at best.  They don't tell you that the green beans as the side item come mixed with onion. And it is so overpowering and over seasoned with pepper it's difficult to eat them.If you're looking for a place to take your mom and dad. Or your grandparents form an average Italian dinner this is the place to go. Staff is very friendly. Restaurant is clean.The only reason I give it three stars is because the food was not as exceptional as I hoped it would be
5	I have been going to this place for about 10-years and have never been disappointed.
3	Amazing food. Awful, awful service. The garlic bread...very good. Softer than I expected, which was nice. I also just wasn't expecting garlic bread. So it was a nice surprise. Escargot - I was the only one at the table (of 10) to eat it. They were great! Served bubbling hot, not rubbery at all, delicious sauce. I kept the dish to dip bread into just because of the sauce. Veal scarpariello - amazing. Everything tasted fantastic. Ok, the carrots that were on the side were a bit plain and could have been softer, but the veal itself and the sauce it was in, and the mushrooms and pasta...I left nothing on my plate. My husband got the same and also had the same impression. Creme brulee - fantastic. Tasted great, good texture. Pleasantly surprised. My husband got the tiramisu and said it was great. So why the 3 stars when the food was so amazing? Because of the terrible service. 1 - we got water. Great. But our server *never* asked us if we wanted anything else. When my husband finally stopped him to ask for a glass for my father in law, a coke for myself and other drinks, our server looked very inconvenienced by it. 2 - didn't get to order appetizers. You see I got escargot? I ordered that with my meal. Our server never asked about appetizers and went straight to meals. Also, my husband was walking with our daughter when the ordering was starting and needed an extra minute. Our server wanted to start with him. When asked if he could start with someone else's order, our server protested, but eventually did move on to the next person. You'd think starting at the next person was asking him to cut off his hand. 3 - empty glasses everywhere! Never got or was offered a refill on my drink. Or anyone else's. When my father stopped our server well after our meal was over and asked if I could get a coke, our server said I had never ordered one. Well of course I hadn't...I never had a chance to!4 - offering dessert seemed a complete afterthought. Will I recommend this place to anyone else? Conditionally. I'll make sure to tell them that the food was very good, but not to go if they want attentive service, are on any kind of time constraint, expect refills on their drinks, or are at all shy about getting a server's attention.
1	If your server is a short, stocky guy with very bushy brown hair and a big mustache, get up and walk out as fast as you can. With his sour and huffy disposition and a very negative attitude, he will definitely ruin your dining experience at Uncle Sal's.
1	You have GOT to be kidding me?  Hubby and I read all this great stuff on here and just had dinner @ Uncle Sal's tonight.  We were so hopeful that it was going to be good.  We ordered two glasses of wine and were given the cheap white italian bread with butter and garlic salt.  Is it good, sure, I guess, but it's just hwo I described it.  Cheap bread to fill up on.  Started with Crab Cakes - awful, crumbly, dry, mostly breading, corn, etc, should be called a crab flavored bread fritter.  And even then it would be subpar.  We also had the calamari fritti - it was fair - nothing more.  We upgraded to caesar salads with our entries.  The caesar salad is just chopped up romaine in bite size pieces and enormous croutons of the same cheap white bread, swimming in creamy, mayonnaisey bottle dressing.  Do they even know what a real ceasar is or at least what the dressing should be like?  I understand that a salad that comes with an entry usually isn't anything special, but you'd like something that actually taste a little like a caesar.   WTH?  There's a lot of lag between courses and the atmosphere is "mature."   Main courses came - I had Tortellini that should've had some proscuitto in it, but I certainly couldn't find any.  It had plenty of mushroom pieces and peas and was basically fine if what you wanted was Stouffer's Tortellini.  It had no depth, milky sauce, just blah.  But the worst or all, was my husband's Cioppino.  Two shrimps on top were molten hot, the slab of cod was stiff and cold, the clams were cold and sooo firm you could hardly pull them out of the shell.  It was a mess.  We can't even figure out how this dish was put together because of the varying temps???   There was a mound of pasta under the sauce, but hubby was hesitant to eat any for fear of getting sick from the weirdly cooked seafood.  At this point, we felt like we'd been there forever.  We ordered a Tiramisu to go, hoping it'd be decent and we'd have something we could eat for all our time and money and paid our bill.  We just wanted out of that dull, hideous place.  When we got home, we sampled the Tiramisu - again, totally inauthentic and blah, blah, blah.  The lady fingers should be drenched/soaked, not dry and stiff - this was basically stiff lady fingers with heaps and heaps and heaps of sweet marscapone with liberal cocoa powder on top.  Apparently, if you want a LOT of food, but don't care if it taste anything like Italian food, you'll like this place.  We're from Chicago and have eaten in some high end Italian places, good ol' family style Italian restaurants and some that had the classic americanized things like Tortellini, etc and this was like nothing I've ever experienced.  Bland, tasteless, cafeteria food.  You could probably get better frozen items at Costco.  Ugh!
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE, RUDE MANAGER  I made reservations on Monday for Saturday. Said I wanted 6:45, they ask if we would do 7:00, I said fine. Arrived 15 min. early, they said they would be late would we hang out at their other restaurant next door and have a drink. We did, had a drink, still no table, we were ordering another drink and I thought to ask if we could  take the drink next door with us to Sal's, No, was the answer. Did I mention we are sitting outside in the cold. When making the reservations they ask us to split into two tables, we were 12, I saidfine, if the tables are close. The tables were not really close and that is hard, it is a very small restaurant. Finally we are seated, 1/2 hour late, we order and THEN WAIT FOR OVER AN HOUR FOR OUR FOOD. This is an Italian restaurant, what could have taken an hour? We ask to see the manager, she approaches the table with ATTITUDE, not sorry, justmaking excuses. We would have left, 2 of our party did, but we had 5 very hungry children with us.It ruined the entire night, people got hungry, frustrated and what should have beena lovely evening turned into a ruined evening. They did comp the drinks, but theyshould have comped the entire meal.The food was good with the exception of the Garlic Potatoes, GREASY! Not the waiter's fault, the kitchen and manager's. SERVICE IS AWFUL!!
1	I wrote a review on Sunday and now it's gone ? It was about their very, very poor service. Where do the reviews go that are up on the Yelp website and then disappear from the businesses page one is reviewing?
4	A little pricey but the food is good so it was worth the price. The service was good as well.The complimentary garlic bread is a plus (great to dip in sauces!). We ordered the steamed mussels as an appetizer which was pretty good. For entrees, we ordered two different seafood pastas and a fish. Everything was good.
5	The bar and bar menu are one of my favorite places to eat! This hidden gem is absolutely delicious! I guarantee you - when you sit at the bar and listen to the authentic Italian accents from Chicago and New York all around you - you start to understand, you are where the people who "know" ~ goWhen I learned about Italian food from a delightful chef in New Orleans - he taught me to always go for the Chicken Marsala to define if the restaurant was worth returning to. My first time to Uncle Sals I had the Marsala -- and I almost cried. I have been gong back ever since.Since my appetite runs a lil smaller - I love to eat off the bar menu. Everything is $11 and under. Comes with side - may I highly suggest the green beans. I love the scallops or the steak, sometime I get the shrimp sauteed as well!A lil wine, sitting at the bar, chatting with all the interesting people who love to conversation, watching a baseball game. That's my idea of a great Scottsdale dinner.
3	The food here was amazing, unfortunately only three stars as a result it is due to horrible/rude service my date and I had last Sunday by a waiter named SCOTT. I had the spicy shrimp and my date had the chicken parm.  We had salads to start... Scott came by to take our plates and I was not completely finished with my salad.  He informed us our entrees were ready to be served.  Interesting so this salad must be taken?  I thought.  As he was so hastily ready to whisk away our salads, I realized he had taken away my knife with.  I asked, "excuse me when you have a chance, may I please get a fresh knife?"  He proceeded to bring back my half eaten salad and placed the plate in front of my face as if to say here, you can have this one.  As we were nearly half way through our main dishes he had asked if either of us would want desert?  Now both my date and I are staring at each other and thinking, ok are we wasting this guys time or what?  We felt so rushed, so hurried to get out of there and just treated rudely.  My date, being the kind man he is said, you know what place a desert menu down and we will take a look at it when we are DONE with our entrees.  Entree dishes are taken, and do not get me wrong the food was delicious!  We are still finishing our wine and enjoying conversation... Scott had to have been back and forth at least 3 different times asking if we had made a decision.  At this point it is almost frustrating we just placed an order so this fellow would 1) leave us alone and 2) stop us feel as though we were wasting his time. If you go here, I strongly encourage not sitting in Scott's section.  Great food but HORRIBLE service.
3	I am not going to complain about the food... I have been coming here off and on for 20 something years...  I am VERY disappointed about my service last night... My friend  (who just had major knee surgery and one of her first outings in 48 days) and I arrived at 4:30-4:45... yes we did not have reservations,.. my bad.. we wanted to have a drink in the bar before dinner... the bar was packed and we saw no handicap access so the not so polite hostess sat us at a table..I asked for a table up front so my friend did not have far to go on her walker.. but was told no those were for reservations. She sat us in the back.. we each ordered a drink and just relaxing..after about 15 min we started to feel a little presured to order our meal.. the waiter then came over and told us he "got yelled at" for not taking our order.. most likley by that little bitch at the front desk.. we ordered our meal and a bottle of wine.. we finished our meal but still had wine.. again we began to feel pressured to leave.. the bar was not an option due to my friend's disability..Long story short... aprox less then 90 min, $130.00 later we were out of there... very disapointed
5	I am a New Yorker and was pleasantly surprised to discover New York style cooking in Scottsdale. They are ALWAYS on the money. Very reasonable prices for SUPERIOR quality.+++++++++++++++++++++
2	I was not impressed by this restaurant. I read reviews that Uncle Sal's has the best Fettuccine Alfredo- wrong. I make better Alfredo sauce from scratch at home! As for the service, it was great and the wine is reasonably priced!
5	I have dined here many times. Everything is always great, the food is amazing. This evening was exceptional however as our server Scott was right on ball with everything . Greeted us immediately, drinks arrived very fast, every time a glass was emptied he was right there with more beverage. He even saved us the last piece of tiramisu when  we said we were looking forward to it. All in all he was wonderful and we will request him when we return. The buss service was wonderful as well (Adolfo I think). Take it from a person who has 20 years restaurant experience. Dine here and REQUEST SCOTT!!
4	I've been looking and longing for an incredible Italian restaurant for over six years of living off and on in the valley.  This is it.  I'll repeat, this is it.  The linguine with clams is nothing short of amazing.  The sauce is light and not overpowering.  I got the white sauce.  The only way clams should be served in my humble opinion.  Caprese salad.  Let's just back up a second and talk about the components. What makes a good caprese?  I'll tell you what.  The balsamic vinegar.  I could bathe in that sweet syrupy delight of what most Americans will never know unless they go abroad to Italy and do a tasting or they happen to work in the restaurant industry.  Absolutely incredible.  The cheese was and is incredible.  There is a creaminess to this mozzarella that possess just the right hint of salt.  No pucker like you find in some rushed mozzarellas.  My only suggestion would be heartier tomatoes.  As this is the season for good Romas and beefsteaks.I will be back.  And I'm coming for the veal.  Be warned and thank you.  I'm shaking my head with a tear in my eye.
4	Once I tried this place for the first time I knew it was an instant favorite.The best part about Sal's is that you can go there and have 3 different experiences. Let me explain, there is the restaurant part - great atmosphere, dimmed lights, with conversations as the background noise. There is also the bar area, which has a limited menu, all which is excellent. With TV's and high top tables. Lastly, "The Side Door." It is connected only through the kitchen and is almost a sub-restaurant to Sal's. Same menu but again, a different atmosphere. As far as food goes, we get the stuffed mushrooms every time. UNBELIEVABLE with the garlic bread. Must have - I don't even like mushrooms. The bianco pizza is fantastic. It is a white pizza which my gf is addicted too.If I would give it another star, the service would have to be better. Not saying the people aren't nice, but you really have to plan on being there for an hour or more. I might be a really picky person though. I would recommend to anyone who appreciates italian food. www.nate.phxestates.com
5	Wow what a great place! It was busy when we went Saturday night but well worth the wait. Food was amazing from the house salad to the entrees! There was four of us in my party and our bill came to $104. Not bad at all for the quality of food we got. The waiter was attentive and surrounding enjoyable. The lighting was a little low but still manageable. The hot fresh garlic bread to the table was a nice touch as well!
4	Can I jus say everyone is so friendly here? I'm not sure of its family owned but it has the feeling of well-to-do that comes with pride in a business. Our waitress was odd. But that's nothing new because I can think of one place I have been recently where the wait staff didn't do something strange. She recommended about 7 different things when I asked...which always frustrates me cause I don't that many. I do believe I said between chicken and the specials and she started talking about seafood. Meh. They start you off with garlic bread, which is cool! But not the exact flavor my mouth desires of such treasures. Bummer. Decent caesar, which has been hard to come by recently, annnd the penne bake. Oh my good. Cheese. More cheese. Gooey cheese. Broiled cheese. Ricotta cheese. Yes. My company said it was "okay"...he doesn't like cheese so a) I don't trust him anyways and b) his opinion is irrelevant. If you read my review on the blind pig (which I don't think you did but they are the same owners so this feels repetitive) the short rib is great. But they put it over plain pasta. So weird. Beef broth, shredded like beef and spaghetti. Hehhhh. Good flavor though!Again...the people were so friendly!Anyways...go and support local business. Worth it.
4	Good food, very friendly service. I ate dinner here last night for the first time and enjoyed it so much that I decided to come back for a quick lunch. From the moment you walk in you're treated like a regular. The food is good, the portions aren't small by any means, and the menu has a wide variety of appetizing options. The restaurant has a classic, almost nostalgic feel to it and is filled with a warm presence. Not only are the servers kind and friendly, but so are the other customers. Great overall atmosphere, and could very likely become a regular spot.
4	Went here about a month ago.  I had their Egg Plant Parmesan.  The food was very good.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  The decor is a little old and the food was a little pricey for what you got.
4	Loved my experience at Uncle Sal's. I had the veal saltimbocca and it was delicious. Dinning is not as pirate with the limited space but the booths are very cozy and comfy.
4	What made this restaurant lovely was the incredible and friendly service.  Everyone here tries to make sure that the customer feels valued.  The sweet drinks girl never missed a beat in terms of re-filling drinks glasses.  Our waiter was fast, friendly and efficient.  The stand-out is the ambience.  Even though located in a strip mall, the inside is a lovely wooden decor that is cool, dark and beautiful.Our dinner salad was just ok.  Especially the cheese sprinkled on top seemed like costco shredded mozzarella.  After that the food got a lot better.  My daughter and I really liked their marinara sauce.  It was light, tangy and delicious.  My daughter's baked zitti was very good but the pasta was a bit overcooked.  My chicken parmigian was delicious.Afterwards we had an incredible tiramisu which was large enough for 3.  The other amazing thing about this place is the price.  The food was so delicious--especially for the $26 we were charged for two.The restaurant has a great vibe.  It was packed yesterday and everyone seemed to be having fun.  Keep in mind this is NY style Italian--not real Italian like Andreoli or Trattoria Veneto.  There are days when I only want NY style Italian and this fits the bill perfectly.  We will definitely be back.
5	This place is amazing!  I go there a couple times a month and the bar area is the best.  Steak and salad for $11?  Get the bar menu and its worth it.  The bartenders are great as well and give healthy wine pours.
4	My husband and I have been searching for a nice Italian spot in az and I think we found one!! Great place!
4	The bar menu is great. I had the shrimp, my friend had the scallops. They came with a side order as well and we both had the pasta. Both were great. They serve a big glass of wine! I will definitely go back to try other dishes on the menu.
4	Super friendly wait staff. The inside is dimly lit around the bar and it gives for a private and warm environment. Classic Italian food and decent craft beer selection. All around great place to eat after 18 holes at continental.
5	It cannot get better than this!My boyfriend and I come here about once a week and sit up at the bar. Our bartender Johnny already has our drink prepared before we sit down. Yes, we are regulars... And so are many other customers who come here. Johnny is the most amazing bartender and best customer service there is. Thank you uncle sals and Johnny for making our dining experience feel like home every time.
5	I met friends here for an impromptu lunch one afternoon. I was completely blown away! First off, this place has a 'real' Italian feel to it from the moment you walk through the door. The tableclothes on the cute little square tables even feel Italian! This cute little restaurant is housed in a strip mall area in Scottsdale. It's small , a little dark and quaint once you step inside. I met my three airline crew  friends there for an afternoon of catching up over lunch. Two of us wanted wine and two of us wanted dirty martinis. Let me begin by saying the wine was a healthy pour of vino! I am NOT complaining ! Our waitress was so sweet and she was Italian too! We just loved her! She was knowledgeable about the menu; she recommended dishes based on our likes and wants. She let us chat and take our time on ordering and that is important because in my group of friends and foodies, dining is a social thing and we have the gift of gab. We ordered a variety of dishes: I had the Crab Louie, priced at $10??? This Crab Louie had THE best louie dressing I've tasted outside of SF! It had the right dose of 'kick' to it to add to the flavor of the overall salad. Amazing! So much food and fresh, FRESH crab!!! My friend had the Chicken Milanese, we all tried it and it was divine! My other two comrades had the Chicken Piccata; I am always a fan of this dish, but I haven't found one here in the valley that I LOVE. This piccata, I loved! Those main pasta entrees all came with a starter of soup or salad; all generous portions. All very tasty! Get this, all the menu items are under $10 for the lunch menu. For dinner it seemed the menu was decently priced under $20 on average. Each of us had take home bags, if we wanted. But we all had stops to make and opted to leave our morsels of goodness behind. The freshly made garlic toasted bread that accompanies the meal is also a good way to blow some hard earned workouts. I ordered two calzones to take home for dinner that night. The Mediterranean Calzone (I minus'd the feta cheese it comes with), is stuffed with mozzerella, ricotta cheese, artichoke hearts, spinach, and olives; and the Special Calzone comes with mozzerella cheese, Italian sausage, and green peppers (I added a dose of pepperoni and took off the green peppers). Our wonderful waitress told me I could do whatever I wanted with the calzones; ANY combination at all! So, my dinner that night cost me less than $15 . I love when I find a gem of a restaurant to hang and be a foodie in the valley! This will now be my new 'go to' Italian place. This place has real Italian charm and taste and the price is right !
5	My boyfriend and I eat here at least once a month, and each time we go in the staff is always friendly and helpful. The food is very authentic and tastes homemade. THe environment has a very homey feel to it also. I usually get the pizza when I go in, and it's always delicious. You know it's an original place because they have a very loyal following of customers that the staff knows by name.
4	Solid little Italian food in this Scottsdale strip mall.You wouldn't think much of it from the outside (nestled into a strip mall anchored by an Office Depot with patio views of a Carl's Jr), but the inside makes you forget you're in a suburban strip mall and the ambiance, service, and food are excellent.My server was great.  Five stars all the way.  I let her choose what I was eating (after eliminating a few items I wasn't interested in) and she brought me an order of chicken parmesan.  It was great.  No complaints whatsoever.  My glass of the house cab wasn't spectacular but, whatever.  That's on me (kind of).  Unless I missed something, they have a fine selection of wine by the bottle but the selection of individual glasses was very limited.Overall, my experience at Uncle Sal's was enjoyable and it is a place I'll be back to.
3	This place is just okay.  I admit that I am picky about Italian food, but I really thought the good was boring, and slightly overpriced for what it was.  I do like the interior vibe of the place-- homey and not overly pretentious-- and our server was nice enough.
2	I used to love this restaurant, but it seems the food has changed recently. The ravioli used to be delicious, but now it appears they are using some generic frozen ones that they reheat and pour sauce over. The lasagna was pretty tasteless too. It is now wonder the food came so quickly after we put in our order. On the positive side, the service is great, the bread and salad are still very good, and they have some reasonably priced glasses of wine. Unfortunately, these positives can not overcome the disappointing, mediocre food.
5	Good service and a good calzone
4	I had the classic stromboli. Need I say more?! It was very delicious and we all know that it's not the healthiest but it was very tasty (inside and out).Atmosphere was cool (maybe a little dated) but very cool because it has that Italy/European feel to it.It felt (in my opinion) the food took a tad too long ((even during the week, along with it being at lunch time)) and the wait staff needed an "uplift". Buuuttt this won't deter me from trying it again or giving a lower rating than this place clearly deserves. Hats off to the owner and cooks. Job well done. Keep up the good work.
5	Really enjoy coming here for a nice but very fair priced italian dinner. Love to sit at the bar (when there is an open seat). Even though I'm in my mid-twenties and the bar crowd is a bit older I just really enjoy the atmosphere! I've always loved the food and the bar menu prices are such a deal! Always have great specials..usually seafood from what I've gathered. I can never have a meal here without enjoying their house salad and the garlic bread too!
4	Warm and cozy Italian dining experience! Note: if you having a burning desire to dine here around 7-8pm ish, make a reservation. Or, be okay with waiting in the *tiniest* entrance ever. Or, suck it up and try your luck at open seating in bar area. I lucked out and snagged a table for 2 in bar. Was loud, but comfortable.I tried their Cannelloni, as I'm strung out on cheese, and they nailed it. Was rather large portion, so I took extra home and squeezed out another meal. Was great cold in the morning too!Server was attentive and friendly - no issues there.I went to use the restroom after eating and the Hostess barricaded herself in front of door. She asked me to use the restroom at neighboring restaurant as they had an "incident". I assumed this involved human fluid of some sort or plumbing issue, but I really had to go. The guy cleaning busted out with a mop and sweat on his brow, and I was able to squeeze in. I didn't ask any questions- it was better that way...I'll be back for sure!
1	The food is good but not worth the disrespect.  One time while waiting for a pickup order, my mother was asked to wait outside with my son because they hostess said she did not want my child in the waiting area.  On multiple occasions, the hostesses have been SOOOO rude!  Never have I experienced a place of service that is so rude to their customers.  On my last visit (as I will NEVER return to eat there), I placed a to go order, the lady on the phone was so nice and sweet, however when I went to pick up the food, the hostess basically threw the bag at me and said "here!" and when I said "thank you" she turned her back.  Also, I used to order the pesce ala vodka because they had 3 huge perfectly cooked scallops and 3 jumbo shrimp for $17, now you get less pasta, only 2 overcooked smaller scallops, and 2 shrimp for $20, which also reminds me of another time, I was charged $26 for this meal when the menu said $19 at the time and the host said that they raised their price to $26.  BEWARE of this place!!!
5	We were absolutely amazed by this cozy little restaurant. We arrived at about 6:30 on a freezing Tuesday night, and the place was packed.  We actually saw them turn people away, which seemed pretty wild for a weeknight.  The hostess seemed to know everyone who came in the door. Our server was also excellent, and had great food/drink recommendations.  The food was slow to arrive, but they are pretty clear that "good food takes time to prepare" right on the menu.  We'll definitely be back!
