5	I just ate at this place last night but will definitely be returning in hopes of eating every item on the menu. it was that good.   I had the laksa with the big noodles, spicy. it was my first laksa experience after hearing that this is THE laksa place in edinburgh. DELISH. hugggeeee portion, more than one shrimp, scallop, mystery meat, crab inside. it was never ending and the noodle portion was nuts.  it took me an hour to eat it and i have picked up on the scottish speed eating habits, so that says something.  it was full when we got there- so you may want to opt for takeaway if you live nearby. attentive staff.huge menu and literally everything looks amazing
3	I not sure what to make of this place - Kampong Ah Lee is a very traditional Malasian take aways and diner which serves big portions of what I can only assume are traditional Malasian dishes - they are very tasty and more than something different if you seem to always be eating Chinese take away and need something different, I cant remember the name of what I had to eat, but it was full of prawns and possibly even chicken and had lots of noodels cooked into it and spices. Yum!The trouble is though that even with the big portions of good food, the price of this place is expensive. Also, staff are a bit on the grumpy side, but that is just a minor annoyance.
4	Deciding to try Kampong Ah Lee under the advice of a Malaysian friend I was confident I would be in for some authentic cuisine. I chose to ignore the shoddy toilet facilities, lack of music, and incomprehensible waitress as the food was all top notch.  I tried the Malaysian Roti for starters (a light fluffy bread with a spicy, coconut dipping sauce) and then followed that with the Beef Sambal (fried beef in a hot pepper and onion sauce). All tasty stuff and atypical to many other Asian cuisine restaurants.The restaurant is tiny and often busy. The food is inexpensive and I can assure once you've fathomed the menu and necked a few Tiger beers, you'll be pleasantly surprised.
4	This Malaysian take away on Clerk Street is a welcome change from the slew of Indian and Chinese take aways surrounding it! It's evening got a raving review in a newpaper stuck in the display window.The menu is not as easy to decipher as I would have liked, and some of the dishes are so foreign to the westerners palate you can tell they've maintained a lot of the authenticity of Malaysian cuisine. I was adviced to order some Roti Cenai, basically a flat bread with came with an awesome curry sauce. I'm also a big fan of coconut rice in any cuisine, and had that with a delicious chicken curry, which I think was called Kari Ayam. It was a great food experience all over, I just hope I'll be lucky with the menu again next time!
5	I've only ever been to Kampong Ah Lee once and it was delicious. I'd heard rumours of their laksa (I love coconut milk in food very much), but never managed to get there until after going to a massive poetry event at Queen's Hall. I was starving, so that probably helped (since we all know hunger is the best ingredient), but getting handed a massive bowl of laksa (and I'm talking HUGE) that I only paid 6 pounds for, was definitely a highlight of my year. That might be an overstatement.It's a teensy restaurant, and it's quite popular, so sometimes you might find that you won't get a seat. We were lucky since there were only two of us. The service was really quick, and even though I managed to spill water and lassi everywhere (over the table and myself), they didn't ridicule me or make me feel guilty, which is always a plus. I definitely recommend going. Give yourself some time to look through the whole menu (it's overwhelming how much tasty stuff they have on it). And maybe go with a smaller group so that you're guaranteed a seat.
5	One of my favourite questions I get asked about my travels is 'what was your favourite meal?'.Hands down, the answer to this is Beef Rendang; a Malaysian dry curry I discovered, funnily enough, in an Asian food court in Sydney of all places! And as testament to the dish, if I was blown away by a $4 food court hot plate version of this dish.... boy, I had NO idea what was coming to me from an authentic Malaysian kitchen!I have to say I'm disappointed by the lack of Malaysian restaurants in Edinburgh. Old Penang closed down recently, which leaves only 2.... and I'm starting to wonder if I'll ever even remember the name of the other one because Kampong Ahlee is deeeelightful!!Stopped by for lunch yesterday, ready to have my first authentic Rendang, and if disappointment is London, my reaction is Tokyo! Absolutely stunning food. I clearly made the right choice as both my eating partners ended up resenting their own selection after tasting my exquisite Beef Rendang! I also had a starter of Roti breads with curry dipping sauce... a little heavy, one would've been enough but that's hardly a complaint is it?Honestly I couldn't see how I was ever going to try anything else off the menu, until the table next to ours was presented with a dish of Malaysian Spicy Fish.... the WHOLE fish! Looked amazing... my next visit is decided!Quaint little place, low on frills and high on quality food. As for staff, well you get what you give.... we had some good banter and the waiter was happy to join in. Decent prices considering the standard of the food. Another of those little Edinburgh secrets as it really is a case of blink and you'll miss it if you're passing (pretty much opposite the old Odeon) as it's flanked by Newington's vast selection of off-the-wall trinket shops.Find it. Try it. Love it.
1	When I first went over a year ago, the prices were reasonable. Prices have been going up quite a lot and food standards have been dropping. Their noodle soups are still reasonably priced, but of poor value -- the meat and ingredients are typically of very poor quality, e.g., rough, dry, tiny. Satay chicken are dry, hard, and very pricey. Meats in dishes are quite sparing in amount. I wish there was a good Malaysian restaurant in Edinburgh. There is another with a very very limited menu, but higher quality. We will visit Kampong Ah Lee now only if I am very desperate now. If they could improve their quality or lower their prices back to a reasonable level, we would come back.
4	Ate here last night with a selection of Yelp Elite and friendly alcoholics :) This was my first jaunt to a Malaysian restaurant in Edinburgh and im please to say it was a happy one. This places delivers simple food that is packed full on flavour I started with the roti with curry sauce, roti is as simple a bread as you can imagine served with a small pot of sauce that initially blows your head off then you adjust to the hot, sweet and powerful taste of the chili's. Very nice! I then had a dish from the Malay specials, aubergine with salted fish and minced pork. Cracker of a dish, beautiful soft aubergine with flakes of fish and pieces of octopus, with the pork in the sauce was reallya great dish. For me could have used just a touch of sunbal but really very nice. The service was pretty good, you have who I presume is the owner out front serving everyone with his wife and daughter manning the bar. If I had to criticise..... would this woman please smile!!! She has a look on her like you wouldn't believe! But really im all about the food and it was good, not unreal outstanding but really good meal at a good price. Jd = happy man!
4	You have to be greatful for people to suggest places you would never dream of going. Kampong Ah Lee is one of them. It looks pretty rundown from the outside which for me would be an instant no-no. I've watched too many 'pest ain't best' kind of showsand lack of maintenance to the establishment tends to be one of the key indicators. But, thankfully for an unofficial Yelp gathering last night and the reviews that had been posted prior to my visit I had the chance to tickle my tastebuds at a place I would never have ordinarily picked for myself. It's a well known secret - every table was full last night - on a Tuesday!The Roti Cenai starts you off as the meal intends to go on - full of fire - but my only wish would be that the delicious curry sauce was slightly thicker to dip my chapatti-like flatbread into. The boy discovered oil cooked rice is delicious (I felt every delicious bit of cholesterol through every bite of rice) and I don't think anyone escaped the chilli-fire that breathed it's way through every dish. For me, the sea bass (complete with head, for those of a sensitive nature) with tom yum sauce was stunning - the sauce was fantastic and the fish beautifully cooked. For what we ate, the price was pretty reasonable and you can see why the place is so popular. The downfalls - not too many to be honest - one would be that I had no idea what half the meals were (there was one along the lines of King Kang....chortle) which without having the staff go through the menu line by line made it a bit harder to choose - although google helped me when I checked the online menu in advance. But take the plunge, you might find you will like it. The other was that staff were pretty abrupt, so wasn't ever quite sure they had my order (they did, I'm just paranoid). But overall, it is definitely a gem, and glad Joe A. introduced us to it!
4	"Jen shall have a fishy, on her little dishy, Jen shall have a fishy when Kampong comes in!" I did have a quite a big fishy on my dish last night - yep that's right, a whole fish, fins and all - and boy was I happy about it.After Joe A's review describing Kampong Ah Lee as "deeeelightful", and much chat of a get-together with the regular yelp crowd, Kampong Ah Lee came up trumps for a Tuesday evening meal. I'm not very well-eaten in Far Eastern cuisine. I know a bit about thai, a wee bit about sushi but not much about how traditional Chinese or Malaysian food should be (read, not egg fried rice and sticky pork ribs). The fact that I didn't understand most of the menu here put me in good mind that it would be authentic.As Catriona C has said, the only downside is that not understanding the menu means its a bit of a guess and pot luck, and I got the feeling I was missing out on some superb dishes just because I didn't know what they were. We were the sea bass end of the table, with Kerrin and I ordering the whole steamed sea bass with spicy bean sauce, and Catriona going for the same but with the kung po (?) sauce I think. Comparing the two, I would say Catriona's was spicier and lighter and I think I would have preferred it. But that's not to say I didn't enjoy my own!And when I say whole, I mean whole. Nothing has been removed (not even the tongue, as I discovered after making the fish 'talk'. Mum did always say not to play with my food...) So squeamish / animal-loving folk may not want to order this one. But once I'd figured out how to remove skin, fins and bones with only chop sticks, there was some of the most succulent, melt-in-the-mouth and fresh sea bass in huge chunks to enjoy. Nom nom and NOM. (See uploaded photo).I ordered boiled rice with mine but didn't even touch the rice. It would have been great to mop up the sauce (of which there was much) but it looked a little oily for my tastes (probably delicoius though). The sweet and sour vegetables to start were also really fresh, light and crunchy. A smallish portion but just what I was after.Jurgen D's Malaysian special of aubergine, spicy fish and pork looked amazing! And Joe A's Malaysian Spicy Fish may be the next thing I order as it came dry, rather than with a sauce. As you can tell, I had a little bit of food envy of almost everyones food, despite that mine was awesome. The place doesn't look much on the outside or inside. I've walked by many times and not really noticed it. But it seems they focus on providing fresh, authentic Malaysian cuisine and don't need to worry about the rest. As Catriona C said it was full on a Tuesday night. We booked our 8-person table in advance, thankfully. It got pretty toasty inside, so wear layers, and perhaps loose fitting pants. Considering I live in the area I definitely know where I'll be going next time I want a whole fish on my dish. Props to Joe A for suggesting it and bringing Kampong Ah Lee into my life!
3	Having never had Malaysian food before, I was a tad reluctant to try this place out. Thankfully, my Malaysian friend convinced me otherwise!You may be tempted to turn on your heel and leave as soon as you enter this establishment, but persevere and you should be happily surprised!A definite must have is the Roti Cenai...2 very puffy, and tasty Roti bread served with a curry dip. I would suggest sharing this with a friend with your main meal as its quite filling. After deliberating over the extensive menu, filled with chicken, meat, veggie, rice and noodley dishes, I decided on chicken curry rice. Doesn't sound too exciting, but was mega tasty. Big chunks of chicken sat on an abundance of rice, onion and carrot, covered in a dry curry sauce. Noms.It's worthwhile to note that the chicken comes on the bone in big chunks, you won't know what part of the chicken you're eating, but the taste is worth it.The pearl tea is also pretty cute :) Price wise, not too expensive at all. Worth a wee look,
4	Oh Ma Po tofu how I love thee. So... is it me or is Edinburgh finally getting it? At this fine little establishment there's heaps and heaps of tofu deliciousness filled dishes for me to enjoy.Now don't get me wrong there's plenty of veggie goodness all over the 'burgh... but what self respecting date of mine wouldn't love some hearty beef meat? Ill tell you. None.I like me some cavemen-lumberjack types... so I can't help but want to be the dainty animal-loving lady accompanying m'lord who obviously hunts and eats his own food... preferably with his bare hands. This place allows for that. I can have a perfectly heaping plate of bean curd and vegetation while he knaws at some gristle. (Can Scottish East Asians PLEASE start calling it tofu? Bean curd and fermented bean curd sounds so - gross.) And... they're both delicious. And they give me chopsticks. 'Cause just 'cause I'm a nerdy white girl doesn't mean I don't know how to use chopsticks - thank you for understanding that. And the rice dishes come with - What now? What's that you say? Oh, yes... rice (no charging extra!). I will be back early and often for all sorts of curd-y delights. Happy belly.
4	Hidden away up in Newington behind an unassuming shop front, this little gem of a restaurant could easily be described as buried treasure. It's the sort of place you can easily walk past without going in; the interior isn't pretty, and it doesn't look much from the inside, but once you're in there you're in for a treat!I would recommend the rendang beef. My best friend from high school was very annoyed when he read my review of Kampong Ah Lee and realised I'd been without inviting him, and without ordering Rendang Beef. Their noodles can be a bit greasy, but I do love greasy noodles. It's perfect for some late night soul food.
4	flavorful "spicy chicken fried with coconut rice"-not too spicy-- an excellent dish.  the "teh o ice limau" drink tastes like orange marmalade in water-a bit bitter... the drink was not cold.  the hakka pork noodles was tasty but too salty
4	I've heard tales of Malaysian Delight. I've heard Chinese whispers that have made it all the way west to Glasgow, that this place could rival the infamous Asia Style. Could it be true, I thought?Having walked past this joint numerous times I never once realised it was in fact a restaurant. From the outside it just looks like a bog standard take away. But you'd be a fool (as I am) for thinking so.Its a pretty basic, canteen style restaurant, but its clean with a homely feel. We opted for the classic Malaysian Roti and Chicken Wings to start. Followed by an aubergine and minced pork stir fry with coconut rice. It was all pretty delicious, roti wasn't as light and fluffy as I would have thought, and the chicken wings we ordered were not the ones that arrived, although they were great all the same, so no drama.Grub was washed down with a big pot of tea for a quid and the final bill was delightfully cheap.Another visit will help me establish if its any better than it's western foe, but I certainly won't be walking by this place again without diving in for a good nosh.
3	I was glad to be able to visit this place on my short trip to Edinburgh. We really enjoyed the roti chennai. I was really excited to see teh tarik on the menu but sadly it didn't taste much like the real thing. On the whole it was pretty tasty, but just didn't quite taste like home (maybe I'm asking too much?)
4	Nothing brings as much delight as Kampong Ah Lee Malaysian Delight! Nice starter of roti followed by very flavorful beef rendang. Oddly, I had to order rice separate for it. The wife had the laksa noodle soup with a nice kick to it. Definitely winners for these Malaysian specialties!
4	I am so glad there is a good place for Malaysian food in this city. We have come in twice now and both times, I have really enjoyed my dishes. First time I had the curry laksa which was plenty spicy even for me, and I love spicy! Their roti was also very nice though I wished there were more roti in each serving. The second time we came here, I ordered the prawn noodle. Yes I do love my soup noodles. And this was delicious. The soup was so full of prawn flavor. Yum and they were quite generous with the prawns too. And all the prices are reasonable too. Definitely will be going back soon!
5	Perfect taste. Much like the fried chicken with coconut rice. The waitress is very nice.
5	Absolutely smashing and very flavourful beef rendang and traditional roti. Took it for takeaway.
