5	This is the new location of the Winchell's that was on Decatur and Washington. This new larger location is next to Cardenas and shares a store with Subway. It's new, shiny and clean. We stopped in at 9 p.m. on a Sunday night and the donut case was filled with freshly baked donuts...I was in chocolate heaven!The best news? They're open 24 hours!
5	When I saw the old school Winchell's across the street was closing I was sad. I had gone there since I was little. It was after 9 pm and I had a craving for donuts. I figured why not give the newer location across the street a try?!Upon walking in I was super stoked to see there was also a Subway inside. To the left is the Winchell's and to the right is Subway. The inside is very clean and I was greeted when entering the store. I was surprised how busy they were at that hour. There was several customers eating sandwiches and donuts. I guess they weren't on the "Subway Diet"!They have daily specials. There was a easy to read board with what they were offering that day. As tempting as the deal for the cute little mini donuts was I chose the regular assorted dozen. I was impressed with the selection. It cost $8.99. The smell of the donuts on my lap for the ride home was crucial. We really enjoyed every donut! We will be back for sure!
4	We stopped here for lunch to get Subway. We were tired and hungry and sort of in shitty moods. I love donuts...and seeing Winchell's inside of a Subway caught me off guard, for one never seen a donut shop inside of a Subway...and second never heard of Winchell's period. The donuts were fresh, plump and full of sugary, doughy goodness. They were great, and it was nice to have something different for a change instead of the double D's.
5	Love this place! Buttermilk bar is my favorite! Staff very friendly. Always a good experience. Selection is always good. Prices are reasonable.
5	Some of the friendliest staff I've come across in recent memory. I live a couple of blocks from this place and I come here a lot (not too much, lol) when I get Subway. Incredibly convenient location for me. The donuts are some of the best I've ever had. Granted, I've only had Winchell's, Dunkin and Krispy Kreme.
