3	Shoni hipped me 2 this joint...The breakfast is off the hook here...No joke!!!
4	Muffins to die for! I dream of their bran muffins! Great salmon. Yummilicious onion soup. Comfort food like chicken pot pie and meat loaf. In fact, it's pretty much all comfort food no matter what it is...familiar, cozy. Nothing daring, nothing edgy. But it's all good!
5	Chain restaurant food.  It's consistent, which can be a good thing if you're not in the mood for surprises either way.  However, mood or not, I was surprised at this particular Mimi's.  Not that my Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs with OJ and Coffee was spectacular, but the service level was amazingly stellar!  Kudos to the wait staff as I left there appetite sated, and feeling oddly good about myself too.  =)
5	This place is fantastic!  I actually first learned about Mimi's after going to the location out in Henderson, but this locaiton has been my choice ever since.  Food is great, service is outstanding!  I've actually never been for breakfast, and after reading reviews of some of my fellow Yelpers, I will have to do just that next time around.This is one of the places that I bring "non-locals" for something different.They are opening another location, off of Rainbow and 215.  Being my part of town, this makes me very excited!
2	This is the place your grandparents will love, your parents will love, and you well, you will not.It's kind of like Grandma's kitchen in chain fashion. It's consistent like Kendo U. said, but I wouldn't say it's good by any means. It's bleh. It's chain bleh. Service is nice and they are hardly ever busy, but I prefer busy and bad service to bleh food. BLEH.
3	Went to Mimi's to try something new and was pleasantly surprised. Good food, good portion size and good waitress. I eat like a bird and generally take everything home and this was no exception for me. I feasted on the left overs for days. I like Mimi's and will be returning to try breakfast. I liked the decor and atmosphere as well. Overall had a good experience and felt like I got my moneys worth.
2	What happened to this place? My husband and I used to love going to Mimi's for breakfast when we lived in Las Vegas and decided to eat there on a rescent visit there and boy were we disappointed.Our food was nothing spectacular but what did stand out was the total ineptness of our server. She was completely inattentive of the needs of her tables (2) and in my opinion, lacked the charisma it takes to work as a food server.Overall, extremely sad that this place has become what it has :-(
4	Stopped by Mimi's for lunch yesterday with my girlfriend and had a nice meal. The service was ok, our waitress could have been friendlier. But the food was satisfying and very flavorful. First off, the carrot cake bread that they serve when you sit down alongside the rolls are fantastic! I could just eat that and be happy for days. We both had the french onion soup and it came out hot and full of flavor, was made very well. She ordered the grilled cheese with fries and seemed happy with her meal. I had the 9.99 lunch special which consisted of your choice of either a starter or a dessert plus a "Just Enough" entree with a drink. The selections are limited of course but it was still a good deal for 9.99. My french onion soup was my starter i chose and I had meatloaf straganoff (?) as my entree. The meal was good and as stated in the menu was "just enough".  Will be going back again to give another try and if its just as good as yesterday will keep the 4 stars.
4	I like it here, it's across my office. It's perfect for lunch, they have a lunch menu both healthy and unhealthy choices. I like their salmon dish, salads and Iced tea. Their muffins are great too. Good service.
3	This is about the only chain restaurant in Summerlin that my parents and I will agree on the quality. It's pretty good, especially for breakfast/brunch. Now, some may say this place is pricey compared to what's nearby, which it kind of is? Except that the breakfasts here still come with juice and muffins, whereas you have to add that stuff at a lot of other places. The juice glass is small, but the muffins are heated up for you and of a good size and quality. And the food is pretty solid. They do serve alcohol here, though I've never gone in so I can't rate the bar service.Now, I wanted to give this four stars because I genuinely like going here, but the drawback to this place is that the service SUCKS. Seriously, I don't know if it's just because this place is constantly busy (though that's no excuse) or what, but every single waitperson I've ever had here has been diner-quality waitstaff and not sit-down chain quality waitstaff. It's very jarring.
4	Pros:Better than both Denny's and IHOP(which is saying a lot since I still love both those places). Reasonable prices for the quality(may be steep for some people but you get what you pay for).VERY good quality breakfast food items.Pretty nice looking restaurant period.The muffins are awesome.Cons:Weird entrance.The cheese in my omlette was WAY too rubbery. It was still good though, I just may never get it again though unfortunately.Very good cafe type of place. I will always have a soft spot for IHOP but this place is definitely a step up! IHOP and Denny's are really just average, this is above and beyond.
3	We go to Mimi's for the change of pace .  We had the fried zucchini and artichoke dip for apps. Fried zucchini had a light batter , with a spinkle of parm cheese it was good , but it did not come with a sauce or dip at least a ranch dressing would b good.  The spinach /artichoke dip was tasty it came with some toasted bread.  The bread basket is always a hit especially the carrot bread .           I had the chicken artichoke pasta with a creamy marinara it came with a breaded chix breast , it was a little dry .          The pasta had a lot of artichokes maybe too much especially if u use the canned ones it has that pickled / briney taste. That might be alright in a salad or a anti pasta dish not a pasta dish.  Mimi's is a nice change of pace for us .
3	Good not ImpressiveThis breakfast, lunch, and dinner spot is alright.  The decor is very welcoming, with soft booths and well-spaced tables.  The breakfast is far better than the lunch/dinner offerings.  I usually go with the four alarm omelette, which has scallions, jalapenos, jack cheese, and a homemade chiptole sauce all topped with tortilla strips.  Again, it is good not great.The service is always great, many of the servers have been here a long time and now how to be friendly and efficient.  Think of Mimi's as an upscale Denny's or IHOP.  It is consistently average, and a good place to come with a group for relaxing brunch. There isn't much that stands out here, just all around solid fare.
1	This place is nothing more than an Applebee's, or maybe an IHOP, for the blue-hair crowd.Despite very friendly hosts and some of the best, most attentive waiters in town, Mimi's chow will only disappoint you.We tried a variety of dishes here, from the crab cakes to the pancake breakfast and were thoroughly disappointed.The place makes a homespun, middle-America attempt at showcasing itself as a neighborhood French bistro, but even the worst hole in the wall in New Orleans or Paris outshines the food here - just further proof that substance will win out over style any day of the week.The pancakes are gummy, the protein dishes are waaaay over-sauced and I swear to God, I felt sick to my stomach for a full three hours after the last time we went here.And it's a shame, too, because Mimi's is staffed by a TON of great folks. Yet even the friendliest, most efficient wait staff can't make up for the truly sub-par preparation of the food.We had expected so much more from this place, but there's just no way I can recommend it. On the plus side, the food is very affordable, but after my three-hour bout of nausea I can see why. That said, the place is clean, very clean. So it's not a question of sanitation.It's a question of management not hiring cooks who know how to deliver tasty food.Sorry, Mimi's, but we'll be saying "au revoir" to you.
2	This is NOT a go-to restaurant for me..........it's average, run of the mill, and if someone suggests it, I attempt to persuade them in another direction.  There are however, a few items that my mouth waters for:~MUFFINS........buttermilk spice, carrot raisin nut and their seasonal PUMPKIN hit the spot!  =)~Bleu cheese and walnut salad~French Quarter burger (but I can get this anywhere, really)~Bread PuddingI have real beef with this place.............WHY ON EARTH DID YOU DO AWAY WITH THE MEATLOAF SANDWICH?   Baaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh..........so pissed!  I LOVED that sandwich.  :(The pancakes lack luster and their quiche isn't anything like my mom's.  Their attempt at French-American cuisine is mediocre and a waste of my time to be perfectly honest! NEXT..............please!?!?
4	One of my favorites
3	Food great as always at any mimi's....service started out good then forgot about us...too long of a wait to leave disappointing start of the day for a very long road trip
4	Ive only been to Mimi's for breakfast and each time has been better than the previous. From eggs and bacon to a muffin to the seasonal banana chocolate chip pancakes everything has been excellent. My first trip had awful service as my waiter left without giving anyone my table, but since that trip service has been top notch. I learned today, that they added free wifi and it is super fast! I'm glad I brought my computer with me!  Mimi's serves lunch and dinner I really don't care. The breakfast is great.
5	My experience with this Mimi's Cafe was EXCELLENT. My friend and I placed an order for pick-up, and were very impressed with the employee that took our order. He was very friendly, professional, and SUPER knowledgeable about the menu (what is on certain menus, how items are prepared, the sides they come with, etc.). Our order was prepared as requested and promptly ready for pick-up.Because many restaurants I have been to prepare their salmon with loads of nasty oil, I really appreciate that Mimi's Cafe has a salmon and vegetable dish that is prepared without oil or butter.
3	This french~wannabe restaurant is OK. Went for two days in a row. One for lunch, the other for breakfast.  had the french dip sandwich and Monterey omelette. Food was simple, nothing spectacular. Not bad either. I would put it in the same category of an Ihop.  Service was very friendly, thou.The butter muffin was very good.
3	Food was fair.  my husband loved his "french" beef stew.  I dislike grilled asparagus for a reason, they taste burnt!  His mashed potatoes were very good.   My steak was  very big, juicy not too tough, but not really great.  I would not eat steak here again.   The server said their signature dish was "cobb salad".    The coupon we had for dinner was  2 for 1 However, you had to buy drinks.   Two iced teas $5.20!   Also had soup which didn't come with dinner but only 1.99 each.   Very good broccoli cheddar and onion soup.    Total $26 after free dinner (12.99)   Not sure if I would go again unless I had a free breakfast.     The traffic is horrible here we had to go down to the next block and turn around.      I'm very picky but the service was fine, the server very nice.    The atmosphere was casual not too noisy.      The couple at the next table only ordered desserts.   They had bread pudding with a great big whip cream and some sort of open muffin or tart with whip cream.   It was over $10.    I wasn't able to eat the bread basket which was two rolls, two pieces of lemon poppy "bread" and two pieces of something else.    Took that home with the leftover steak and stew.    For some reason or other the server did  not give me the potatoes that came with my meal, but asked me after it was served if I wanted it. .. Does that make sense?   If you want to try here, do so.    I don't think it was the greatest,  but it certainly wasn't the worst.
5	great atmosphere and service love the food and kid friendly love the prep dirt cup deserts my kids actually thought there were actual worms lol but it's a great place and great food at a great price!!!
1	A group of us went there for dinner. It took almost an hour to get our food. My food was dry and cold. One person only ordered soup and she was the last person to be served. The kitchen is totally disorganized.  Our waitress tried her best but it was a losing battle. She never came back to offer more water.  We were in a back room and it was so noisy that you couldn't hear yourself think.  We made a reservation for 14, they set the tables up for 10. That should have been the first clue that this would not go well. I would pass on this location. We usually go to the Mimi's on N. Durango and have had much better food and service at this location.  Take a pass on this particular Mimi's.
3	Went here for breakfast.. .and was pleasantly surprised..had a 2 egg breakfast with bacon and seasoned potatoes.. .Its hard to mess that up so I was a little disappointed with the potatoes.. They needed a little bit more flavor.. maybe garlic or onions.. I couldnt call it but it was one of the blandest potatoes i've ever  had.. their saving grace is their muffins. I had a pumpkin spice muffin and was blown away.. It was absolutely delicious! Moist, spicied and served with butter. That one muffin was more enjoyable than my entire breakfast. That alone will bring me back to Mimi's !!
1	Breakfast is great here but dinner...well that's another story. We had one of the most revolting dinners. Even the salad tasted odd and not fresh. The food was bland and tasteless. The waitress was very nice and service was a bit slow.The only bright spot was my son enjoyed his broccoli cheese soup. Skip dinner and enjoy their breakfast instead.
4	First time! Gf says it's great. She has been to many CA locations. Because it was cold and rainy today, we wanted something comforting and homey.  We are both from the North East, and when she said that it'll remind you of an out of the way place back home, I got excited. This place is fancy. And colorful plate/napkin arrangements. Sweet potatoes fries rule!Our server, Sheri, reminded me soooo much of Jane Lynch that I wanted to sing A Mighty Wind over and over (because I don't watch glee). She was very, very helpful. Kinda made it feel like a mom & pop kind of place.The 3 Courses for $13.99 is a great deal.The French onion soup was okay, nothing spectacular, but very enjoyable.The music is interesting. I felt like we were eating inside of a funky elevator for an hour. This is not necessarily a bad thing, just different.Service - GreatSelection - VibrantPrice - RIGHT for what you getWill be returning.
2	We came here for dinner and it was not very good.  We hadn't been to Mimi's in years and wanted to give it another shot.  We left quite disappointed and saying that we would not return any time soon.  We started out with the crab something-or-other (can't remember the name of it) and they were deep fried balls with some crab and other veggies inside.  They were ok. We also started out with the shrimp bruscetta with toast.  That was just ok.  The waitress had forgotten to bring our bread, we had to ask for it.  We thought maybe they had done away with that practice.  My daughter had the tomato bisque soup and that was really good.For dinner my husband had the chicken fried steak, my first daughter had the kids' spaghetti and marina and the other daughter had the lobster ravioli (3 course special).  I had the chicken pasta dish.  The chicken fried steak dinner looked like it had been taken out of the freezer, defrosted, and served to him.  There was absolutely nothing good about it.  The meat was very salty (as if it was preservative-laden).  The kids' meal was fine.  The lobster ravioloi was really good but the sauce was way too rich and hard too eat too much of it before you started feeling "gross". And my meal was pretty decent.  The chicken was encrusted in panko and cooked really well.  If I were to go back, it would be to try their breakfast. Maybe its more of a breakfast place, I don't know.  But we will never return for dinner.  I really love the ambiance of this place - so its disappointing that the food doesn't live up to the rest of the place.  It could be such a fun dining experience, and very family oriented.
1	Should have gone to Dunkins Donuts.  At least we could have gotten fresh bagels.  Eggs benedict had no english muffin and even the carrot muffin was stale.  The butter was cold and hard.  The food was awful and there's a lot of old people around.  When did Mimi's become Coco's??
4	I came here and surprisingly ordered off their "Fresh & Fit" menu. What can I say I'm trying to get more veggies into my life. I ordered a veggie wrap with hummus dressing which also came with a side salad. It was packed with flavor! Who needs meat when something tastes this good!  The balsamic dressing on the salad was also tasty. My meal was really filling! My husband's Fresh & Fit meal which was a chicken sandwich was skimpy . His side consisted of two lonely  pieces of melon . His plate looked a bit empty so I shared my salad with him. When we arrived in the mid afternoon there was plenty of seating . We were surprised because the last time we were here for breakfast we walked out because it was too busy. That is why were skeptical about coming back but I'm glad we did!
4	I've had breakfast here many times through the years and the muffins are really good. The breakfast menu is a slight step up from the average breakfast joint. Minus one star because a few times I've come in for breakfast late and the muffin i was served tasted microwaved.
1	Breakfast fritata which came to me undercooked and not even warm. Cannot recomend at all. Been good in the past, but they tanked this morning.
3	Had breakfast here. The service was friendly and efficient, the atmosphere was nice, the food was ok, the coffee was watery, blah.
5	Had a wonderful time with the family. Good service the muffins were phenomenal. Loved it there definitely will go back.
3	*** 3.5 stars ***I stopped here for breakfast.  It's been several years since I've been to Mimi's and I thought breakfast would be a good way to try the place again.I got the quatre fromage quiche which their menu describes as Swiss, brie, feta and parmesan cheese with sun dried tomatoes and hickory smoked bacon. Served with baby greens, fresh fruit and a freshly baked muffins.The quiche was very good tasting and the size was a perfect amount for breakfast.  I did not, however, receive any muffin or bread.  I didn't see the muffin on the menu when I ordered or I would have asked.  I thought with the pastry crust of the quiche, that would be equivalent to toast.My server, Marie, was very pleasant and refilled my coffee often.
2	So, I like the food at Mimi's- but the service is a whole other story. I went there for breakfast with some old friends yesterday, and I've never been so frustrated in my whole life. Well maybe, but at the time, I was about to lose my mind. First off, the waitress took forever to even come take our drink orders, let alone our meal orders. And she was not friendly. Second off, the food took about 40 minutes, which was ridiculous. Never got an apology. Third off, I ordered a smoothie and she didn't bring it out. Asked her for it 2 or 3 times, and when I finally got it I was already done with the rest of my food and didn't want it. My friend never received her tea and was still charged for it. Fourth off, we asked for separate checks and I think it took her a solid three times to get it right. Fifth off, she never said SORRY for anything. Thank goodness they have good muffins, because that is the ONLY thing that will keep me coming back..
4	We love this place. Never had a bad experience.Tomato soup is acidic, and not for those with digestive issues... but it is tasty. The Marsala dishes are excellent!!Our server, Kirk was awesome. Very attentive and friendly. Also, he really personalized the meal by asking lots of questions about preferences and taste.Great job!!The only issue was when the Manager, who I identified by him tag, but did not catch the name, took my GFs coffee. The had just mixed the sugar and cream, took one sip and set it down. The manager came by and just took it, without asking, and said "We just put on some fresh coffee, let me get you a new cup."Hey Mr. Manager, some people like their coffee just the way it is.A fresh pot is not always better, but either way, how about you ask first!!
3	I love Mimi's Cafe for one simple reason. French Onion Soup! It always comes out hot and tasty. I generally order a bowl as my meal.I used to get the mini wedge before my soup but have stopped because the wedge of lettuce they bring out has been frozen with ice all over it the last 3 times. The service is ok, but I for sure recommend paying with cash because not once but twice my credit card was compromised after eating at this location. I don't like how the server takes off with your card and you can't see what is going on.Also, the servers must need to meet some sort of requirement for foods purchased because they are always leaving certain things off the receipt to get you to buy muffins or dessert to be able to use the common $10 off any $30 meal coupon that comes in the paper. Bottom line,  I love the French Onion Soup too much not to go here but I will always triple check my bill and always pay with cash.
1	I really only come here for the turkey club and pesto turkey sandwiches at lunchtime, and this time I got the latter. I expected to pay maybe $7.50 for it, as there are no prices on the website or mobile app...It ended up being over 10. It came with fries. For that price, I almost expected it to be the best turkey sandwich I ever had, and it was way short of that. I could barely taste the pesto and the whole thing needed salt! I ordered an overpriced mimosa, which the only redeeming quality to this visit was that they leave the remnants of the little champagne bottle at your table for you finish off.Service was slow, but it did seem unusually busy for a weekday at 11:30a. My drink and food came out fast, but by the time i needed to pay and get out of there, my waitress was nowhere to be seen. I will be looking for a new place to get a turkey sandwich,lol My decision is based on first price, then service. If it had been cheap, I wouldn't have cared about the service, and if it had fantastic service, the price wouldn't have bothered me as bad. This was my "last straw" visit to this place. My husband doesn't like it,which is why i went alone. I was hoping it would impress me as it had in the past, but it was ultimately a fail. Will not be back.
3	Ohhhh MIMIS!Sooo being the cheap bastard I am I seen a coupon for b1g1 free lunch or dinner. Since it was late we opted for dinner. We got here around 6 and had a 15 min wait, even though there were many empty booths they couldnt be used bc the servers were off twiddling their thumbs, WHATEVS!!So we finally get sat, theres only 2 of us and they seat us in them giant half circle booths... ok? LOL. So I looked through the menu, and at first I wanted to do the Bistro 3 course meal, which was 9.99 ALAS the coupon doesnt include bistro 3 course meals or any 3 course meals. LAME. Since Im cheap I just opted for the coupon deal bc I didnt wanna pay anything. So I ended up choosing this burger with avocado and 1000 island sauce on this gross Parmesan crusted sourdough TOAST. Now this thing looked like a burger between 2 pieces of toast... but the toast was only toasted on 1 side!! So I ended up getting the sauce on the side and put a little on and salted my avocados. I took a bite and it was ok, then I tried the fries and they were ok as well, after a few more bites my toast became soggy and was SOOOOO FULL OF BUTTER! Yuck!! I asked for a bun or something bc I couldnt stand it! 5 mins later she finally brought me a bun. It was ok, nothing amazing, but ok. The burger was medium and was cooked pretty good. My ex got the french dip and it looked ok, hes still greedy and didnt share but said it was good... then again he would probably eat a poop covered pretzel if it looked good HAHA.This place isnt yummy, its just ok. I probs wont go back, the prices equal applebees, but you get more at Applebees. HAHA.
4	This place is simple and good.  They email you coupons every couple of days.  Their breads are great.  I recently ordered their french onion soup and it was very good and not too salty.  I ordered their 3 course bistro meal and although it was filling, and the entree I chose was good, I would not order the meal again.  The downside to their 3 course meal for me was simple, the dessert was a 1 scoop ice cream sundae and to upgrade for $4 you get a raspberry cheesecake NO OTHER OPTIONS.  Every restaurant that is running this type of deal is throwing in a  either an appetizer choice or a dessert CHOICE not just ice cream.  So I was very disappointed on this option.  But the entree was good, service was very very nice as well.  My dad had ordered cole slaw with his sandwich and the cole slaw had no flavor and  was very very basic and will not be ordered again. I will definitely go back to mimi's again, they have several good menu items.
2	I am so sad- I used to be such a fan of Mimi's Cafe.  Large menu, reasonable prices, friendly service, good food... Now, many of those things seem to have gone downhill.  They still have a large menu with reasonable prices, but while our server was adequate, she was not friendly by any stretch of the imagination.  I don't think she smiled once while we were there- it was like she was a robot on autopilot.  One of my friends had a question about one of the items on the menu, and it was answered very curtly.  The food was.. okay.  I got the turkey, brie, and cranberry croissant sandwich, and it was fine.  A little on the dry side.  It came with French fries, and I swear, this was the most paltry serving of fries I've ever seen.  I know it was lunchtime, but jeez!! I kind of wanted to say, "are you kidding?"My friends said that their food was fine, but nothing special.  I guess I'll have to cross Mimi's off my casual dining list.  So sad...
3	Good breakfast place. Good service. Can't say I'm a fan of the baked goods though, the muffins I had were a bit dry
3	Two stars = "Meh. I've experienced better".  Which is exactly how I feel.  But, I am giving it 3 because the service was "A-ok".  I like to round up.My husband and I came here looking for a new breakfast place.  The service was ok, the food was pretty Meh.  I had eggs florentine benedict.  It probably sat in the window for a good 5 minutes, my potatoes were cold and the english muffin was stale.  Can't remember what Nick got. Its really close to my house so I was hoping to find a place to frequent on Sundays that is walking distance.  I'm going to look elsewhere.
3	This place is pretty good, for what it is.  Fine dining?  No.  But neither is it fast food.We were advised to get soup.  "You don't have to look to find the clams," the waiter said when asked about the New England chowder.  My husband took his recommendation and agreed, "plenty of clams, and good!"  I started with French onion soup, which I enjoyed.  That, coupled with the generous bread basket would have been enough.  (The basket contained banana bread, crispy rolls and other tasty treats.)Since we ordered the three course special -- a deal @ $13.99 -- I'll keep going: my entree of grilled salmon with spinach and little potatoes, was very nice.  I'm glad I asked for the sauce on the side, which I tasted, but never used.   T. had a combination of pasta with little shrimps and scallops -- somewhat overcooked, but I noticed he ate the whole thing.The third course was dessert:  a choice of brownie a la mode, apple crisp also with ice cream, or bread pudding.  The apple crisp was great, as was the bread pudding, neither of which we finished.  We were full! I don't live in Vegas, but if I ever came across another branch of Mimi's -- I understand it's a chain -- I would certainly go in.
3	Mimi's Cafe  is a good breakfast place so far the service is good, food sometimes good, sometimes some mishit. Overall Mimis Cafe is good.
5	I just stopped in for some brunch this morning. Being my first time here I wasn't sure what to expect, although i have heard many great things about it!I was greeted at the door and quickly sat down, the cafe has a great vibe to it and the food was great! I will definitely be returning for breakfast real soon!
3	Pancakes were burnt!!
4	I have only been to the location in Summerlin on Fort Apache, but I heard they also have a location in Henderson. The location in Summerlin is close to my house, so it makes it easy to go grab a healthy breakfast when I don't feel like cooking. Mimi's Cafe has two dining areas, a counter you can eat at, and they also have outside seating. The place always appears to be very clean and the staff is very friendly. I have never had an issue with my food or with the service in the seven years I have been going here.Mimi's Cafe is a great place for a healthy breakfast. They make egg white omelette's and they have steel cut oats. They have fresh blueberries for your oats too. They also have great steak and eggs. It's not on the menu anymore, but if you ask, they will make it for you.I have never been here for dinner, but I would bet it as just as good as there breakfast menu.I highly recommend Mimi's.
4	The food was great, but the service could have been better. Also, they weren't as pricey as I figured they would be.
2	There's only one problem with Mimi's, and it's the food!The design and concept are great, but the food itself is some of the worst in Summerlin.  It's hard to mess up breakfast foods, but they managed to serve lumps of overcooked eggs and undercooked bacon.  Their croissants are doused in butter, and not even in a good way.Le disgusting.  (I doubt my French is very good, but it's still better than Mimi's)
5	Great service, take out is fast and very delicious. May favorite place for breakfast, brunch and light dinners! Healthy selections too!
1	I'm not sure why I keep trying this place. The service is slow and inadequate and the food is not great. My sons pancakes were burned,  my avacado was nowhere near ripe and the 'carmalized onions' were raw. The Cafe mocha they brought to me was warm, not hot, and had been spilled all over the saucer. She apologized, which was lovely of her, but that did not solve the cup-dripping problem.  We were never offered refills on our drinks nor did anyone come by mid-meal to see if we needed anything.  To add insult to culinary injury, the 'freshly baked pumpkin muffin' had been microwaved to atomic temperatures, making it rubbery and nowhere near appealing.   This is my 3rd and last visit to this place and I feel like a sucker for bothering after the first visit.
2	I dislike Mimi's Cafe.  I always have.  I decided that, after a few years of avoidance that they would improve.  I was dead wrong.  Mimi's is still meh.  I had breakfast there with my mother while my father was in surgery down the street.  I ordered croissants, which were delicious, but the actual meal of potatoes, bacon, and eggs was horrid.  It was chewy bacon with bland eggs and oily potatoes. Ew.Sorry, but I dislike Mimi's for many reasons, all of which relate to their food and sad service.
2	Went about 1 month ago.  It was not good.  They were out of several items.  It was slow service.  They changed the menu and our two favorite items were gone.  The food we got was not very good for what we paid.  We have not been back again.  There are other places on every corner and up and down each street.    The server was nice and we could tell she was not responsible for the changes and she was feeling it in tips and number of tables she got a night.
3	I haven't been here in ages! We needed a meal at 10:30 a.m. so it came to mind.  We had a very pleasant experience! The warm carrot raisin muffin was scrumptious. They serve their butter nice and soft and whipped like. Excellent. I HATE when you have cold hard butter and it rips your toast, or muffin. Get it together breakfast places of America and soften your butter! I had a vanilla latte. It was yummy. Once again, thank you Mimi's for offering espresso drinks for those of us who just can't get on board with black coffee. I had a clever twist on a eggs Benny. The traditional English muffin was replaced with a potato cake and topped with spinach, bacon and tomato. So actually, the only thing that resembled a normal Benedict was the hollandaise. Nevertheless, it was tasty. My eggs were poached quite nicely and when cut poured yolky goodness all over the plate.  It came with fruit. They fruit was meh. Sorta green cantaloupe and sorta brown pineapple. I snagged a few bites of hubby's waffle. Was good. Nothing exciting but good. Service was fine. No complaints. A-ok breakfast. Good for the whole family. I may just go back sooner rather than later.
1	The server was not friendly at all, the manager was rude when I asked him Bout the turkey dinner. I had ordered the turkey dinner the turkey was processed the manager insisted it was not however i know the taste of processed turkey as I had bought it from the grocery store... Definitely not worth the money!!!!!
3	Good place for a single  to have breakfast.  Other  siingles  of all aages here. Sometimes the it takes a while to get water and coffee refills.    The oatmeal very good, if you want to eat healthy.  All of the food is good though.
3	Mimi's cafe is okay for me. its okay that it never made me crave for anything so i never came back... the service was good but the sandwiches we ordered was pretty dry. I can personally make a better tuna sandwich! the cappuccino i ordered was good though. Props to the cute decorations in the cafe though :)
5	Love the French dip sandwich and the Asian chicken salad. Yum. Service was good. We will come back.
5	First time I've ever eaten here. Absolutely fell in love with this place. It's so quaint and cozy. We had mimosas and omelets made to order. The Blueberry Muffin is a must try. Great food, great service, awesome atmosphere
2	So I guess Mimi's exists to do to French cuisine what Olive Garden does to Italian...insult the sh$% out of it.I've had better frozen microwavable meals out of Trader Joe's.The only redeeming quality came out of the fresh table rolls.Forget this place.
3	Mimi has always been a hit and miss with me.  However my kids for some reason or another loves this place.I ordered the bouillabaisse, which was perfect to my taste buds.My wife ordered the chicken pot pie and it was disgusting because the color of the inside was orange looking instead of the creamy white soft bread.  The chicken tasted old as well.My kids ordered the lobster bisque, salad, spaghetti with meat sauce. Hopefully they get better or I don't see them getting any new customers.
1	I was really looking foward to this Place because I love breakfast and I always get salads Togo at the Durango location.but this place is the worst!! The service is god awful.the server was always no where to be found most of the time and she had no personality. ..I had eggs Benedict....cuz I thought u can't really ruin eggs Benedict...I guess you can!the hollandaise tasted like rotten cheese & my sister's burger was gross too...coulda found something better at burger king. NEVER AGAIN
3	Bleh to the max, like oh m'god. I like the carrot raisin bread, but everything else is meh. $50 for two, but in fairness that was because we each added the tomato mozzarella. Unfortunately that tomato mozzarella is a freaking joke. I though they screwed up, but check out my pic. I have it three stars because this place still has decent breakfast food, I think and we were there for dinner.
5	Soooooooo good. we love the French cafe style of Mimi's always good fresh food. We've always had pretty great service prices reasonable. The Cobb salad and muffin combo is like sex! :-)
5	My mom and I frequent this location and I have to say that tonight the service was beyond superb! We had Miles as our server and never had to wait for anything. He immediately came over, got our order and was back with a minute with drinks, bread, and our soups. He refilled our drinks before they were gone. Our entrees came out as soon as we finished our soups. He went above and beyond to make sure our experience tonight was nothing short of the best. Good job Miles on providing amazing customer service!
4	Nice atmosphere... Nice staff. Great place to enjoy breakfast with friends!!! Some of the little French touches are fun & tasty. Mornay sauce on crepes, Quiche... Some very fun treats:))
5	Nice atmosphere, friendly service, with a wide variety of food on their menu. Mimi's Cafe is always a nice place to go for any occasion.
2	Decided to go to Mimi's for some Sunday night comfort food. What the heck is happening to Mimi's? Can you choose a menu and stick with it for a while? The constantly changing menu is incredibly aggravating. So..... we try to order dinner. How about the salad with salmon? NO - off the menu! The waiter said it can still be ordered but with honey mustard dressing? no, no, no, - Mimi's no longer has honey mustard dressing. WHAT? We asked if the hamburgers were 4 or 8 ounces as 8 ounces is too much and food is wasted. He said 4 ounces (with confidence) and when we asked him to double check, he walked over to the mgr. and came back determined they are 4 ounces. We ordered a burger - it was big and didn't look like a 1/4 pound. We mentioned this to our server and he said "Well, they used to call it the French Quarter so it must be a 1/4 pound". Really? For fun, we asked him to check with the chef. He came back and said "it's 7.9 ounces". Well, there goes your French Quarter theory, young man. The food was so-so, service was okay but the waiter could have made more $$$ if he knew the menu and could have bothered to check with the kitchen staff who might actually know the size of the burger patty. Overall, we did have dinner but there are way too many places to eat in ANY town to bother with Mimi's.
4	I love the muffins, the soup and salad deal is good and the choices and combinations are just enough!The atmosphere is relax and the music is inviting, food portions are just right and the choices plenty but not overwhelming!I would have given this place a 5 star but unfortunately the service was less then great while my waitress was polite you could tell she would rather be somewhere else.Over all good but room for improvement I will definitely be back and I'm sure it will be better!
1	Called to order food for pickup twice. Was put on hold for over 15 minutes, received a busy signal when I finally hung up and called back. Unbelievable.
3	I do like the food here.  The take out Thanksgiving dinner was good.  Some of the customer service is great.   This time the waitress never came back to check on me,  offer more coffee or to see if I wanted my check.  Another time I was by the hostess stand for over 10 minutes.  Even though 5 employees looked  at me no one offered to seat me, or get help.  I give up!
2	On Thu/11 Dec about 11 am had the $18.99 NY Steak & Eggs; the menu says the steak was aged for 29(?) days:1) For dine in.  Had it rare, meat was tough.  Ran out of ketchup twice (should have told the waiter to bring me a bottle instead of just a dinky little sauce cup of it), which was annoying.  Didn't care for the home fries even though waiter says they make it themselves fresh on premises (I prefer In 'N' Out's fresh fries version).2) Had ordered 1 to go (had to use up the $25 gift card I got from work), waiter recommended that the steak be medium-rare for safety reasons since I was taking it home.  Oddly, the medium-rare steak microwaved in my kitchen and eaten off my coffee table was much better than the rare steak I had at the restaurant.  Also, for the to-go order I opted for fried potatoes instead of fries, and the potatoes (little spuds cut up) were great, especially with my endless supply of ketchup from my fridge.I won't be back here ever...unless I get another gift card from work or somewhere.  Even then I might elect to sell the gift card on plasticjungle.com for 1/2 off.
1	This location did nothing to help our Christmas dinner. After ordering a holiday meal online this previous Friday, my mother in law was looking forward to picking up her order for Christmas Eve. When at the store, she was told that they didn't have her food order and after waitng 30 minutes, they wouldn't be able to get her any food for another 45 minutes to an hour. We already had guests at home waiting for food so we did not choose to wait. I understand this is a holiday and a busy time for restaurants, but this was simply unprofessional especially to someone in the restaurant industry. We will not be ordering from Mimi's again unfortunately.
5	Nice atmosphere and very friendly service. I like the menu and the good fresh food. It is one of my  favorite restaurants here in town.
