1	Pizza Hut is terrible!I'll never pay for Pizza Hut ever again.  I'll eat it only if it's free, but I won't be very happy about it.I tried their "Pizza Mia" in March, and it was horrible.  I got it because it was $5.  Big mistake.I've never had such a bad pizza in my life.  The cheese was bad, the sauce was bad, the crust was bad, and the pepperoni was bad.  How does that all come out so horrible?I'm not one to complain, but it was so bad that I went on their website to let them know.  I didn't know if maybe some of the equipment was dirty?  I don't know.  ok, so I forgot all about it, and kind of just let it go.  Then just last weekend I ordered a different pizza because they were on sale.Big mistake!I was having problems with their website cause it's the worst, and the kid on the phone saw my info and had seen that i had complained MONTHS ago, and they NEVER even got back to me!  WTS?So he at least apologized and said someone would call me.A lady did, and she was horrible with the customer service.She never once apologized that it took 10 months to get back to me!She didn't even sound shocked that I didn't like their pizza, she said that the Mia pizzas are their "value line pizzas, using lesser quality ingredients"No joke, her exact words.Even the new pizza I ordered wasn't good, but I didn't even bother to bring it up to her.  She said thanks for my imput and that was the end of the call.  Lame.I thought that I always liked Pizza Hut in the past, nothing sticks out as having bad experiences, but these last few times have ruined it for me.  There are too many other pizza places out there.  I'm not falling for Pizza Hut's cheap prices anymore.I guess you get what you pay for.This Yelp thing won't let me give zero stars, so I HAD to give one.
1	I don't think their pizza is worth $40 for two larges before you even tip the driver on any scale, but I was lazy, hadn't had pizza in a long time, and they had a new menu.  I regretted it. The other reason for my low rating... I ordered online and chose a future delivery time of 8 pm. Around 8:45, I called them after confirming that I had been charged for the pizzas. They said he should be there any minute, because he left at 7:49. We live within three miles. He showed up ten minutes later and look stoned out of his mind. Smoke whatever you want, it's your life, but don't do it while my food gets cold in your car.
2	My family and I used moved here and this is our local pizza hut. The first time we ordered and had it delivered, everything was awesome. The second time, our wing order was short a wing. The MOD told me that he didn't have "math majors" working there so we're sorry. OMG, really? You need "Math Majors" to count to 16? This third time our pizza was 45 min late (quoted 30 min, but it took 75), both pizzas were luke warm as a result, no seasoning in the sauce or the dough, and we didn't get our stuffed crust. Paul, the MOD, apologized as said to ask for him to ensure it is made right next time since he has a lot of new people there and training has been challenging. Umm, NO. We wont be returning. I will drive a little further to another location.
