5	I found this hidden gem while trolling for food. What?!? A gun store on the EASTCYDE?!? The store faces away from Nellis, so it's easy to miss. I was fortunate enough to purchase my conceal and carry from here. The price was the same as what it used to be before the price gouging. I saw the same firearm at other spots at $200 more. I'm glad that Dave, the gun store owner, is being reasonable. I also bought some .308 rounds which wasn't too bad. Finding inexpensive .308 is always a chore for me. He did mention that he re-loads. I know he re-loads 45ACP and .308. I didn't ask what other calibers he re-loads. His .308 re-loads come out to the average to what I was paying for. I will definitely be a future customer here. The store is a quiet little shop with very good owners. Dave is easy to talk to and very informative. He answered every question I had on some of the firearms I was interested in and he was very friendly. Great customer service, and very reasonable prices. If you're on the EASTCYDE and in the market for a new toy, stop by On Target Guns and give Dave and Donna a visit.
5	This firearm store is very friendly and helpful. I bought my first firearm here and they were very patient showing me everything about it. Everyone in here is extremely nice and not annoying and up in your face like a lot of people. They always have ammo in stock and have a lot of accessories. I would recommend this place to everyone looking for a new gun or just accessories and ammo for the ones you have, you won't be disappointed. :)
5	I went in there last April just looking and comparing guns and prices. I went to another gun shop fully convinced of a specific gun. Well when I went in here they showed me all of their 9mm pistols and let me compare them all. In a nutshell I found the gun which I currently own (Ruger SR9). Like it says. They help you choose a gun not sell you one. Extremely friendly and family oriented. You walk in and there is a coloring table for kids! First gun store based around the safety of the FAMILY not person. 100% satisfaction from this customer!
2	I've been to gun stores all over Las Vegas and this is probably the worst one. The blonde female that works there is extremely ignorant, thinking she knows everything about guns just because she "open carries". You know how fast a criminal could snatch that from your hip? Also when a customer walks in don't tell them what they can or can not buy because of their age, THEY KNOW, what a way to ruin the business. If I was that man I would fire you in a heart beat. Why you are allowed to work there with no firearm experience is beyond belief (I say no experience because after talking to you I was NOT impressed with your non combat arms MOS in the army or your Air Force time). If you are a combat veteran (Army Infantry) like myself save yourself the time and head over to Discount Firearms, over and out!
