2	The beds were comfortable. That's about the only thing good I can say about this hotel. They have a pool, a jacuzzi, and a workout room. I guess those are good things I can say too. That's pretty much it.We reserved a single bed room, and got a room with two beds. When we asked at the desk, they simply moved us to a different room, also with two beds. "Well, we're all booked up," we were told. "The room we gave you will have to do," the lady said as if she was doing us a favor. The staff isn't so great. they all seem to live in the suburbs and only come into the city to work. They know nothing about the area at all, and they don't have a concierge on duty so getting helpful suggestions on where to go or what to do, even in the area directly around the hotel, is not going to happen. When asked about where to go to eat, the lady behind the counter just looked at us and pointed toward the in-house restaurant (which has decent service but sub-par food). When asked about museums and other attractions in the area, a different lady pointed toward the rack of brochures. After looking at some of the brochures and asking about a specific attraction, we were told, "I don't know. I don't live in the city." At this point, we just left the staff alone and thanked the gods for Yelp.It was a roof over our heads. It is located near many of the places we ended up checking out. It is not a great hotel.
2	It's not actually a Best Western any more.  It had changed ownership the week before my friends and I arrived.  After checking in we were informed that the elevator to our room didn't always work so we should take another elevator to the 7th floor than take the stairs up to the 8th.  Apparently they needed to work on a few kinks.  We get to our room and there is 1 queen bed but we booked for 2.  But there was a couch and ta-da!  A pull out queen.  It's all good, except wait, these queens look a little small.  Yup, this must be the first time I had my feet hang over the edge of a queen bed.  On top of that the pull out bed was uncomfortable as hell!  It sunk in toward the middle so I kept feeling like I was sinking.  I fell right to sleep since I was so tired but my friend woke me up when she bumped into my feet in the morning!  Stupid short bed.In any case, house keeping were great and we had a nice little view of the surrounding area thanks to our little balcony.  It's also close to the library, old spaghetti factory, an art museum, cafes, etc.  It was also within walking distance to 1st and Roosevelt where they were holding 1st Fridays which is pretty much a block party for the arts.The location was the best attribute here.  House keeping was nice but the beds did me in.
3	This hotel is now called the Lexington Hotel. I stayed here for my two nightly stay. This hotel was a huge downgrade from my stay in Portland, Oregon. Though not a bad deal for $59.00 per night for a single bedroom, I get a bigger room and a nice view of N Central Ave. But the entire hotel including my room is a bit outdated with many items leftover from when the hotel used to be a Best Western. My room: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/btUmbPOilyR2GaGG-KcHiA?select=G0UqhsZaD2oRMVK5XRzbUg The hotel has a diner located near the lobby, a gym, and a swimming-pool with a lounging area to enjoy Arizona's desert heat. The hotel also offer free shuttle-service to Sky Harbor Airport, which is free and runs anytime when the guest(s) is ready to go with a simple phone-call from your hotel-room. Around the area, there isn't much to do. There is a public library located a block away, a CVS Pharmacy, a few restaurants and a cute cafe (which I'll review later). I didn't rent a car for my stay in Phoenix, but the Valley Metro Line runs along Central Ave and E Washington St. The price is right for $59.00 per night. Again I'm not fussy about the outdated features about the hotel. Just as long as I get my sleep is all it matter.
4	This was the hotel my wedding party and I stayed in the weekend of my wedding. We figured it was the best choice since it was right next door to the reception venue and it was very inexpensive. The highs and lows of the hotel equal out to a solid 3.5.I booked one of the "penthouse" suites. It had 2 queen beds and one sofa bed in the sitting room. For the night before the wedding I thought this would be perfect for my mom, sister, and niece. Except the sofa bed didn't work and was actually a safety hazard. We almost got killed trying to pull it off. We called the front desk trying to get a roll a way for my poor Mama but they said the roll a ways were locked up because house keepers left and they are the only ones that have the keys. ??? My mom ended up sleeping on the couch. No major problems other than the broken sofa bed. It is not super nice looking, and the decor in boring and outdated. However, it is a good size and very convenient. The bathroom was oddly large and included a huge tub. The balcony was spacious. Our room looked over north Phoenix and was directly above the Irish Cultural Center, which was our reception site. It was great to be able to watch the set up from our balcony. The staff was very nice. They were also apologetic about some of the conditions of the property. My sisters asked some of the staff to decorate our suite for our wedding night, and after the reception we were surprised by candles everywhere in our room and a bottle of champagne! Very sweet. Overall I am pleased with our stay at the hotel. It is old, outdated, and definitely not fancy, but when it comes to value, convenience, and location it can't be beat.
3	Clean, but outdated hotel. Not impressed with the free continental breakfast (all of the standards, nothing to make it stand out). Mattresses and room furniture are outdated, but the A/C runs strong with it being 117F out the time I was in Phoenix. Hotel will be going through major renovations this fall with a recent change of ownership.The staff was very friendly and helpful, so no complaints in that department.
4	This hotel is called the Lexington, although our GPS took us to Best Western. We stayed here as part of our road-trip honeymoon and really liked it. For the money, which is completely reasonable, it's actually very nice. The room was big, had a nice view of the pool (which we didn't use but looked nice), and was in a pretty convenient location. The staff was incredibly friendly and the continental breakfast was yummy and, as far as these things go, pretty expansive. The only thing keeping this from a 5-star (in terms of value) is that you have to walk through a nasty-smelling, creepy looking hallway to get in and out of the parking lot, which isn't that big a deal, but still very gross and upsetting. Otherwise though this place was great and definitely worth the money!!
3	Great for the price. Somehow, we got lucky and for $65/night we got a balcony suite. HUGE rooms, fridge, microwave, and a two-person jetted tub! We should've invited 10 of our friends! Also, complimentary breakfast from 7-10am. Fabulous!
3	nothing too spectacular but fairly priced and good sized rooms for the cost.Located right next to the light rail which was very convenient 15 minutes to and from the airport a perfect location if you plan on staying just right in the downtown area
3	you get what you pay for. At $89 a night and you can comfortably split with three people and not have to share a bed with someone (as long as you're not married).  The bathrooms and showers could have afforded to be power washed.  But I was basically there to sleep and shower, so I could have done worse.  Nice people working the desk though.
