5	This is the most awesome place to stay in Edinburgh.If you`re looking for privacy, make sure to book a private room. If you wanna enjoy a lovely and funny crowd, make sure to book a dorm. I can`t wait to get back there. I stayed there every time i went to edinburgh. Have fun there!
5	Great staff and good atmosphere! Reasonably priced....Wifi and a decent breakfast are included. There's a Wii and a Skype Phone and Computers with Internet throughout the bar area....all free!
3	Inexpensive accommodation, but poor location. This is a hostel where you really get what you pay for, to get most anywhere in historic Edinburgh is a twenty+ minute walk (though there is a conveniently located Sainsbury's around the corner).The rooms are a tad austere, with quite finicky electrical (my mains sockets had difficulty using the outlets) and the lights were not always able to be turned on.The hallways themselves tend to be noisy as the hostel also has a bar inside of it ( though it is quite expensive s far as dives go), but they are well maintained as are the public bathrooms on each hall.However, the accommodation is simple, clean, and no-nonsense, and I never had any fears about security or the like while staying here with lovely lockers (BYO lock) provided in the dorms, as well as adequate kitchen space, speedy WiFi, and free (quite simple) breakfast.
4	I love this hostel. They provide decent rooms where space is big enough. And the decoration of the hostel is interesting. During my stay, the theme is Halloween. The only drawback is the number of the sockets is definitely not enough.
4	I loved staying here! It was an awesome experience to meet new people from all over. The breakfast was was simple and good (was included in the price). The decor and structure was fun and it's not too far from anything. We walked everywhere didn't have to take a bus or cab. We stayed in the dorm and had individual Lockers for our stuff. The beds weren't amazingly comfy, and I do recall one of my travel buddies having some issue with a washing machine. Other than that, the price was right and I would definitely book there again and I recommend it to my friends
