5	I came here today for a manicure and pedicure... I have been here quite a few times; it is a place my girlfriends like to come to so when I want to hang with my girlfriends and get a mani/pedi this is where we meet.  Although today I was solo:(.  The ladies here do a really good job; my manicures always last a really long time and they are really nice and accommodating.  Today I had one girl doing my pedicure and another doing my manicure... now that is what I call service!  I was out of there in a hour.  They do not have a tip line on credit or debit so bring cash for the tip.  Today I did not have cash ( i forgot)  they were so nice they said next time I come I can tip then if I want.  I came back anyway to tip them because it was so fast and my nails look great.  Oh another thing I forgot to mention is they use the hot rocks for the massage part for both the manicure and the pedicure and the callous remover is part of the cost of the pedicure.  Total for both services including getting french manicure on toes and fingers was $42.00.
4	Cheap pedicures are everywhere. But so is foot fungus.So when I want a $20 foot fix, I look for some degree of cleanliness. Thankfully, Paulene Nails delivered -- and then some.To whit: Hot. Stone. Massage.Yes, really, included in the $20 pedicure. And I saw the girls doing manicures give straight-up backrubs. With a $12 manicure. One complaint: Rounded, not square. Rounded like a quarter. Rounded like first base. Rounded like my ass. Just....rounded. Please?
5	All I can say is WOW.I was in desperate need of a mani/pedi, and I had bookmarked this place after I read the great reviews from Sara and Halley.This place was impeccable.  So incredibly clean.  The amount of pampering you get is amazing for the price.  Along with the pedicure, you get a sea salt scrub and hot stone massage.  The manicure was much the same -- a hot stone massage and a bit of a backrub.  I couldn't believe my great luck in finding this place.  Thanks, Yelp community for another great find!!!
4	Three stellar write-ups pushed me over the edge and I decided that it was time to take my self for a much needed pedi. When I arrived, the place was packed, but thankfully they gladly take walk-ins and I had only a brief wait before I was whisked away to my massaging, bubbling chair of goodness.I have to echo the other reviewer's comments on cleanliness and down-right bargain for the service provided. Not once did I have that "eww, you aren't actually going to touch me with that" reaction. I didn't swoon from toxic vapors as soon as opening the door. And my attendant was super friendly and completely cool with the fact that I had clearly neglected my heals for the last two months (something that was hugely apparent after she started filing away - how mortifying... skin flying everywhere!!!)And for those of you that might fear the Elaine experience (Seinfeld reference), fret not. You can actually understand everyone one that works here and shouldn't find yourself sitting and wondering "what in the hell are they saying about me now?"Take your twenty-bucks (plus a little extra for tip - unless you get flowers you will need thirty) and go get some much deserved pampering. Dear Paulene - my toes and heals thank you for the love! -- see pic ; )
1	Ok so I just moved here a few weeks ago and I've been looking for a good mani/pedi place... people wrote great reviews about Paulene's so I tried it...BIGGEST MISTAKE EVER!!! it was by FAR the worst experience I've ever had (and I've been getting my nails done for years.)First of all, its a hole in the wall... not that I expect a fancy spa for a 20 dollar pedicure, but this place wasn't even up to par with basic cleanliness standards... A - it was filthy B - the technicians were filthy C - it didn't smell that great either...I had reservations as soon as I walked in but decided to go through with it anyway.... the technician started and pulled out tools that were NOT in a sanitizing kit!!! I cringed (Unlike the other reviewers' sentiments) and started asking her if the tools are sanitized... she barely understood what I was saying and barely answered... I finally said "you know what, don't cut just push back" and then she said "here I'll use a new knife" that she pulls out of a new package... obviously this proves that the previous tools she was using were NOT clean... big EWWWWW.She continued... as I was literally calming myself  not to go into a full fledged panic attack over the fact that she is using disgusting dirty tools on me...I almost bolted out of there with bare feet...the torture was finally over and I gotta say it was the WORST filing and painting job I EVER had... I can paint my nails better than that and I am terrible at it which is why I go get them professionally done....I was scheduled for a mani as well but I quickly refused it and bolted out of there with wet toes... safe to say I will NEVER return...sorry but this was THE WORST pedi experience I have ever had!!! I get that its only 20 bucks but there is no excuse for such shoddiness, sloppiness and filth like what I experienced... and they weren't that friendly either...
3	I have been to this nail salon several times. I have no problem with the quality or the salon, but I have felt uncomfortable there a few times because a lot of the nail techs are rude. I get my nails done twice a month, so I am familiar with the disposition of most nail techs, it just seems to be a little worse here.The salon is clean and they provide a good service, and I like that you can just walk in. I have had a mani/pedi here several times. But like I said, I stopped going because I thought they were a little too rude. Good prices and hours. Normally dont have to wait as a walk in.
4	I went here today for a pedi and was pleased with the experience.  I live a short distance away but didn't even know Paulene's existed before reading about it on yelp.  I went on Saturday morning and was the first customer there.The ladies that work in this shop are friendly and courteous.  They speak English well enough to be easily understood which I appreciate.  The nail tech that waited on me made small talk at first but then let me read my magazine in peace which is one of my favorite parts of getting a pedicure.  I got a French pedicure so the cost was $25 before tip.  Let me restate what another poster mentioned.  They accept credit cards but have no tip line on the receipt to add tip.  Be sure to have a few bucks in cash to tip because they can't add it to the total.  The pedicure I got was great and the nail tech was attentive and always asked if things were ok (water temp, nail length, etc).  The hot stone massage is not a myth.  Not only did the nail tech give me a regular leg massage with lotion (which was one of the best I've had), then she follows it up with hot stones.  That was just lovely.  Overall I am pleased with this place and excited to try it out for a mani and pedi one day soon.
2	Sigh.  I really wanted Paulene's to be my new mani/pedi spot but after three tries I think we are going to have to part ways.  I've never given a nail salon 3 chances before.Yes, there is a hot rock massage included on both your legs and your arms.  It's a nice touch if you don't get burned by the rock as I did my first time.  And the pedicure is $20....coupled with a manicure you are looking at $32.  Add in an extra scrub on the pedi and you are at $37.  Which isn't really all that much less than what I paid in Scottsdale for a mani/pedi with extra scrub.  Their color selection is awful.  I think it may be the single worst collection of colors I've ever seen in a nail salon.  There are essentially no light pink shades!  Normally I would be willing to overlook the lack of color and just bite the bullet and order my own but the quality of the work is just not up to par. I've had two "ick" moments at Paulene's.  The first was on my first trip when I sat down a the manicure station and saw nail clippings- big ones, think men's nails- all over the place.  On my second trip I had to walk across the floor barefoot which always creeps me out.  I wear flip flops so you can put them right back on my feet....please do that.  The first two times I left with happy hands and feet.  The mani/pedi didn't last long at all either time, but at least they looked good when I left.  The pedicure looked heinous within 2 weeks.  The third mani/pedi was just poorly done all around.  My cuticles looked worse when I left than when I went in, some of the nails weren't filed evenly, and I'm not sure my pedicure is going to make it to Fashion Week on Thursday...and I'm positive my manicure won't. Yeah low prices are nice and hot rock massages can be lovely but when it comes to nails the proof is in the pudding....and when the mani/pedi doesn't last and is done sloppily to start those things don't matter.
4	Okay, I read through the reviews and decided that for the price, I would give Paulene's a shot.  Mostly the massage part convinced me.  It certainly was not the nicest or cleanest salon I've ever been to, which is to be expected.  I'm not real grossed out about whether everything is perfectly sanitized or not.  They pulled everything out of what appeared to be new packages, but there's no sure way to tell.I have to say that I am a fan!  For $54 (before tips) I got a french manicure, spa pedicure with sea salt scrub and an eyebrow wax.  I felt that they all look good, no idea how long it will last, but I think that's more about the wear and tear on your nails than anything else, so I won't fault them for that.The massages were GREAT.  One pointer- don't wear nice clothes in here as they do put oil and lotion on the stone that they put down your shirt to rub your back.  It felt oh so great!Overall, good experience and will be heading back in the future!
2	Based on other reviews I read on Yelp I decided to try Paulene nails since it's closer to my home then my usual nail place.  It was a disappointing experience.  Minimal colors to choose from.  The hot rock massage was nothing spectacular and seriously only lasted 35 seconds on each leg.  While I was getting my nails filled the lady was very rough -- cutting into my cuticles on numerous fingers. It is cheap.  This is a place where you get what you pay for.
1	My sister and I frequented this nail salon over the past two years. We have had pedicures, manicures, full sets of acrylic nails, eyebrow waxes, you name it. The prices were always very good and we built a rapport with the staff there. We have both worked in service and alwys tip 20%.. in cash...always...Then in recent weeks we have had terrible experiences, bad mani paint jobs I could have done better, botched pedicures, slanted acrylic nails and now she has an infected foot from when we went last Saturday. Needless to say we will never return to this salon. She called and told the owner -who knows and remembers us- and she said that did not happen here, sorry for your problem and hung up on her. I am calling the state health department... DON'T GO HERE!!!! Its not worth it and they won't take responsibility for the infection you will get!!!!!
4	So many pros about this place! Cheap prices, especially for gel nails. You get a free hot rock massage with you get a pedicure! That's what brought me here in the first place. The lady who works up front took me last minute right before they closed and stayed late just for me. She did a great job and was extremely sweet.
2	I was really excited about this place when I had my first full set done.  I believe the owner (or at least manager) did them for me.  They were perfect, and she was quick and detailed.  Nails lasted 2 weeks so I returned for my backfill.....Unfortunately, I got someone else who suggested that rather than do a backfill, since my white tips were still fresh she could just do a fill with polish.  By the next day my nails were a cracked up mess...Off to find a new salon..  Sorry, I understand that some stylists can only do polish and pedis.  But if you put them in the acryllic chair I am thinking my nails should last longer than a day....
4	This is my go to nail salon. Pam always remembers my name. The prices are really good and they give free massages. Granted, they aren"t the best massages in the world but again, they are free and be very relaxing.
4	Paulene Nails is a no-nonsense, basic place in my neighborhood filled with super friendly women. I pop in for $20 pedicure and have always been super pleased. (Stone massages! Come on. How can you go wrong with that?)Remember one key thing:Bring cash for the tip!I forgot once and they LET ME GO HOME to get the cash. No joke. Just like that. "No problem. Don't rush."This would never happen back east.So I come back as a regular. These gals are wonderful. If you're looking for a salon/spa experience bring earbuds, tune in to the sounds of crashing waves, close your eyes and imagine one. For my most recent one footed pedi (I'm sporting a cast) I didn't think to ask for a discount. After all, it's their time I'm booking. But no! They totally cut me a deal.Great place!
4	First time going to this place and I was very happy!I went in for a pedicure and was out in 35-40 minutes and the service was friendly and fast! Its right by my house and seemed to have a really inviting atmosphere, will for sure go back again!
