5	Best place for iPhone repair.  Was in town for a business trip, my phone started having a problem with power button.  Found this place, decided to give a shot.  Won, the technician wastes no time and fixes what needs to be fixed. Definitely recommend coming here for any iPhone issues. I came yesterday to fix the home button, power button and it was stuck on headphone mode. He fixed it in a breeze. Prices were definitely reasonable. I went back today because the my iPhone was stuck on headphone mode again and I didn't even sit down for a second he fixed it haha. Turns out it was the headphones i was using that kept it in that mode. The man knows what he's doing. 5 stars all the way.
5	Finally got my iphone repaired the right way.. I was on business trip to Las Vegas, I had my phone lock button repaired by desert wireless and had some issues with them... then I took it premier telecom. it was repaired correctly with in like 15 minute and it was cheaper. very happy with speed and problem has been corrected promptly. any iphone problem definitly right place to go..
5	Ill make this short and simple. Willy will get your phone fixed quick, cheap, and with a smile. I had a galaxy s3 with a broken screen he took care of it and now I'm writing this review from a perfectly almost new phone. Thank you premier telecom and of course willy.
5	Best place and cheapest place in town must come down!!!!! Got 4 phones done here couldn't find a better person to do it. Everything is running better then before.
5	Stopped there today to fix my bent iPhone 5. Let me tell you , Willy is honest, knowledgeable and fast. I show up there with a curved iPhone , the front screen popping out... in less then 15 minutes ( other shop said it was a couple of hours labor ) he completely removed all the parts from the broken back housing and placed them in a new housing for about half the price I was quoted at a couple other repair shops. He was honest in his diagnostic and even told me that I didn't need to replace the front glass ( the other shop I visited told me that I should...) My phone is working like new and I couldn't be happier. I definitely recommend this place and will return if I ever need any work on an iPhone.
5	Went in to the store to get a galaxy s4 cracked screen repaired. Willy was very upfront and honest about the 2 repair options and costs. Thoroughly explained the options and set appropriate expectations for results of each repair option. Best part of whole experience was before any of the explaining of repair options, he asked if I had insurance on the phone and said that would be the best option; to pay the deductible and get a new phone. Potentially deterring his own business. Nice to know there are still honest business owners still in this town. $85 to replace OEM Samsung glass is the cheapest in town by $15+.
5	Willy is awesome, I just got my wife's iPhone fixed here, it only took 30 minutes. You can tell he is an honest guy, when I told him I wanted my iPad fixed also he said he had to wait for the part and to come in Monday, then mentioned if I took it anywhere else to make sure they don't break the wifi cable. That was nice of him although I will bring the ipad here for sure!
5	Willy is so knowledgeable and helpful! My boyfriend came in with the screen shattered on his iPhone 5s and my iPhone 4S had a shattered back. The prices were far less than any other place we called and the service was timely. We were in and out within 30 minutes. If you have a phone that is in need of repair you should definitely check this place out! Thank you willy for helping us out.
5	So I dropped my phone today for the 30th time an it finally decided to shatter.  I've had it for over three years so I didn't really feel bad about it.  My co worker on the other hand who witnessed every second acted as if though I had dropped her first born.  Anyway, to the point!I called six different places in the area and this was the cheapest.  Willy seemed super nice over the phone, he even gave me directions when I couldn't find the place.  It's kind of tricky to find but it's there!Willy told me it would be ready in 30 minutes, so I went out to get some cash because his card reader was broken which was fine since I had time to kill anyway.  I came back, waited a few minutes and got my phone.  It looks brand new and I've dropped this thing more than my mother dropped me which is at least a dozen times.  I would definitely recommend this place, great job on my phone and great customer service!  All for 48 bucks, thanks again Willy :)
5	Came in and I was out in about 10-15 minutes! Awesome service and real nice guy! Can't beat the prices!
5	Went in to get my iPhone fix and Willy was able to do the repair while I wait. I was in and out in less than 20 minutes. He was knowledgable and the service was cheap. Way better than the other places that I've been to. I highly recommend him to anyone looking to get their phone fix.
5	So I broke my phone and went to other phone store and got a quote for 130 dollars look on Craigslist and saw this place and got a quote for 80 dollars service is amazing and the guy that work there is very nice and honest won't go to any other phone store. I'm so happy
5	Dropped my phone and shattered the glass. Willy fixed it less than a half hour. I called every place in town and he gave me the best price.
5	I came into Premier a few weeks ago to bring in an S4 for a cracked glass screen. I had shopped around for the best price in Vegas to repair my phone, but Premier offered the best price for what I needed. When I came in, Willy was super friendly and knowledgeable, and told me about the two options as he had mentioned on the phone, as well as the pros and cons of each option. Two weeks after the repair my S4 is running great, and is practically like new and looking like nothing had ever happened. I highly recommend him if you ever encounter the dreaded spiderweb or any other damage on your phones or devices and want to get it done for a reasonable price. Thanks Willy!
5	Everyone drops their phone sooner or later, and mine had finally happened. Luckily I heard about premier from a friend of mine talking about this fast friendly service. Got both the front and back screen replaced on my iPhone 5 for a reasonable price and got it finished in no time!
5	I have an 5s.. The screen was lifting so I came in to see if he could put it back together...only took 20 minutes!! He also replaced the home button and the speaker. Great service and will def be back if I ever need anything for my phone.
5	My galaxy s4 got water damaged and I had to bring it to a shop to fix it. I did some research for my own to find the best and cheapest place to go. So I choose premier telecom after reading thier good reviews, and call them. Willy sounded nice on the phone and he was even nicer in person! He said it will be around $50. I dropped it in the morning and I could pick it up same day afternoon! which is AWESOME !!! It's been a week since I fixed it and still my S4 is working great! I'm so glad that I went to premier telecom. I am gonna recommend Willy to all my friends who has an issue with their phone. Thank you Willy !! :)
5	Owner Mr.Kim is bomb!He had mighty hand for fix any kind of cellphone.Excellent service and superfast work!And also lowest price in Las Vegas!I'm leave in LA but if i have problem w/ my cell phone?Alway go to Premier telecome, Even if in LV.This is my best choice in my life!LOVE YOU MR. KIM!
5	Willy is the man you have to see when you have problem with your phone. I had dropped my phone and cracked the screen and I have called around for the fastest and the lowest price and I found premier telecom.Willy was very nice over the phone and gave me the perfect direction. The place was little hard to find but his direction helped me to find the place easily.He only took 1 mind to fix my iPhone 5 screen and cost me less than 100! Thank you willy. I will send all my friends there!
5	This is absolutely the best place in town to get your Apple device repaired. I've been here on multiple occasions and feel like more people need to know about this place. First off, Willy the owner is the most friendliest person you will ever meet. He's quick to inspect your phone and give you an honest quote on your phone repair. The parts used here are genuine Apple parts, not like some of the other repair shops that use cheaper 3rd party LCD and digitizers. The best part about Premier Telecom is that the repairs are QUICK. I had my iPhone 5 repaired in about 10 minutes, all while I was waiting Willy was talking to me and having fun while doing so. You can really tell this guy likes what he does and that he wants nothing but to provide the best kind of service.
5	Best place to get your phone repaired quick and cheap ! The customer service is definitely on point. Be sure to check these guys out for all your electronic repair needs.
5	Cracked the screen so I Called around and this place seems to have the best price and was friendly on the phone so I decide to come here.  Willy was super friendly and knowledgable.  He even showed me proof that he uses high quality parts to fix my iPhone.  Super fast work done right in front of you and he is very friendly. I highly recommend.
5	**I'm from Chicago but will happily fly here to get my phone fixed from Wally Kim.**The front of my iPhone 5s cracked while having too much fun in Vegas.  I yelped iphone repair and although several places showed up, this was the only one with 5*'s.It's a small store off the street in a office building sectioned into several different units so keep an eye out.  When I arrived, it was no frills, no hassle.  The owner, Wally Kim, greeted me, looked at my phone, swiped it to make sure the touchpad and buttons worked, quoted me a price and time of completion.  I went to lunch, came back and my phone was as good as new.I've been to other places to repair my phone who ask for all sorts of stuff like PIN code, etc.  Which if you think about it isn't necessary to repair hardware.  Mr. Kim did not.While writing this review I noticed all the other reviews all talk of the same thing: lowest price, super fast and excellent service.  Prior to coming here I had called one other place (first one to show up on the yelp listings), which quoted me a higher price and a longer service time... they were not a 5* yelp listing.  ;)You'll notice the bazillion different phone parts on desk/workspace... so you know he has taken apart/replaced/repaired many many different phones.
5	My wife and I just came back from Disney World...boy did we have a great time, except for when we used a monopod (selfie stick) and accidentally dropped the phone causing the iPhone 5 screen to shatter. Luckily the phone still worked. We placed a screen protector to prevent any cuts or glass to fall apart till we got back to Vegas.  When we arrived back in town we searched for a place to get it repaired. One of the best prices in town. Called a few places to check on price quotes and this place came out to be the lowest yet high ratings of customer satisfaction. The place of business is somewhat hidden yet located in the heart of Sahara and Decatur where most business mid point of Las Vegas could be considered. The place is rather small but they get the job done quick, efficient and like brand new. I was charged $85.00 out the door but that price included not just the screen but a new LCD Panel as well for my wife's iPhone 5. That also included a $5.00 off with a yelp and Facebook check in.Price range varies depending on model of phone.  Of course the older the model the cheaper the price of repair due to value. The price was actually reasonable compared to other business who quoted me $80-$100 plus tax for repair.  I thought we would have to leave the phone and come back but we watched the whole process and it took only 15 minutes for the repair to be completed.  We also were honored a 30 day warranty incase of any malfunctions that may occur due to the repair...which was a nice touch to ease our problem to begin with.I definitely would recommend this place to anyone who needs a quick repair. Though the cost is reasonable $85 is still $85. So take care of your phones. But when it happens this is the place to go to!
5	I have been here twice both times were a very pleasant experience. They really know their cellular phone repair.
5	So thankful to have found Mr. Kim!! I cracked the screen on my iPhone 5s, and I've always been extremely skeptical about going off of people's reviews on Yelp for some reason, but all of the reviews for Premier Telecom gave me no hesitation. Since they don't open until 11, I decided to check out another iPhone repair shop that's actually about 5 minutes from here, that received pretty good reviews as well, just to see how much they'd change, and compare it to what Premier would charge. After finding out they wanted $150 just to replace the glass, LCD and everything else worked perfectly fine, I drove to Premier and just waited for them to open. Willy quoted me about $60 less than the other place, and he said he could get it done in about 20-25 minutes. Sold! There are signs saying his credit card machine is down, so I did have to leave to get cash while he was working on my phone. Not a big deal. Came back, and he was just about done- finished in probably under 20 minutes! After he handed the phone to me, I played with it in the store just to make sure everything worked properly, however, the top left corner wasn't responding to touch- one of the parts of the screen i didn't even bother to check while in store... I didn't find this out until after I got in my car and started driving away. I turned around, went back, and showed him. He took a look at it, and he replaced the replacement screen without any hesitation, free of charge, no questions asked. After he was done, I made sure to check all four corners of the screen, along with everywhere else, to make sure it was working properly. It was perfect! Good as new! As I was leaving yet again, he reassured me that if anything did go wrong again, to make sure to bring it back to him as soon as possible!Great customer service, fast and efficient! He even gave me a free screen protector!! I will definitely be recommending him to everyone!
5	Willy, Fixed my iPhone 5s and very affordable price including the LCD and damaged case. Great service. Thank you!
5	Great fast service! LCD screen went out on my iPhone 5s and glass was cracked. Both fixed for $100 w/in 1 hour (I left to make a store run). Thought my phone was water damaged and done for but turns out it wasn't. Quick and easy fix for them. Thank you so much! Friendly and reasonable w/ quality work. I will definitely be recommending them.
5	Great place. Willy took good care of my phone. Fixed it in a matter of minutes. Very nice handsome man.  Reasonable price and great location!! Will be back for any iPhone needs.
5	Fastest man in the west. I had a broken iPhone 5 screen shattered, case bent. Button missing. He gave me the best price available anywhere... do yourself a favor and call to see if you agree.
5	Do you know how hard it is to replace the screen of an iPhone 4s? Very tiresome and time consuming. There is like 50 steps to take it apart, and another 50 steps back. If you're a fool like me and pull on the ribbon on the screen a wee bit too hard after long hours, you will feel sad and quite disappointed that success was so close.At least if you get your repairs done by someone else have it done here! It was the cheapest out of 9 stores that I got a price quote over the phone for. The shop is small and hidden in the corner of the complex, but inside you'll see a pile of broken screens and various parts on the desk behind the man named Willy.He's friendly enough and very efficient. He quoted me 30 minutes, but was done in probably 20 mins (I only had time to get cash and barely enough time to finish my game).  No complaints, and close enough to the strip that many tourist who get too wild the night before can get their phone repaired without driving an extreme distance.
5	Willy,Came through in a pinch! Again saving me from buy another cell phone that is 3 now! Teenagers are hard in phones. This time a G3 fix in 20 minutes. $55 buck out the door. Cell problem see Willy he is cheaper than the deductibles canceling insurance.
2	I was happy at my first visit for my husband crake his screen. There is many screen repair in town but I came back for disappointment. One of corner of my phone damage from the guy took out my screen! I asked him to smooth it out for me but he give me 2 options are buy a cover or get another cover( the one damage by him without intentionally ) I asked if we can meet half way with the price? There is nothing he can do for me!! I was upset walked out without make a fool out off myself. I'm not coming back or tell my friends to come here again.
5	Willy is amazing! I spilled cough syrup in my purse & there was my poor phone. The speakers were ruined & he fixed it for $45 in 10 minutes!!!!! I highly recommend this place :)
