5	I love my lashes..I had Kim and also Crystal do them..they are full and long. The atmosphere is so relaxing you can't help but cozy up and take a nap. I have had extensions from other places doesn't compare to what I get here.
5	My new favorite spot to get my lashes done is at Vegas Lash Lounge. The staff is so amazing and polite. This lounge is so edgy and is so modern. I love this lounge. My new favorite lady is Crystal, she made my lashes look amazing and I have gotten nothing but great compliments on them. I'm definetly can't wait to go back and get them done again!!!
5	Just left Vegas Lash Lounge and my lashes look AMAZING!!!! The shop is just as amazing with a contemporary look and a fantastic staff couldn't have asked for a better experience! Run don't walk see what you're missing!
5	LOVE my lashes! Prices are Great too.  I've been getting them done for about 3 months now by Kimberly Occhiuto, she is AMAZING! very detailed, gentle and professional.  The quality of the lashes is superb.  They look amazing for weeks, I get compliments almost daily.  Staff  always greets me with a smile and makes me feel welcomed each and every time I'm there.  Wouldn't go anywhere else!!
5	I absolutely love the Lash Lounge. Kim does an amazing job every time.  All the people there are so friendly.  Wouldn't go anywhere else! !
5	I was excited when a "lash lounge" opened up on my side of town.  Kim does amazing work and I will not go anywhere else.  I have received numerous compliments on my eyelashes.  I find myself wearing less make-up.  Kim is quick and efficient and my appointment is always pleasant. I had the pleasure of meeting the owner who is very personable and takes care of his staff and clients.  Highly recommend to anyone new to the eyelash extension world.
5	VEGAS LASH LOUNGE Absolutely FANTASTICO! Best  eyelashes in town AND ALL THE TECHNICIANBL ARE AWESOME! I have been to 3 other eyelash places and Vegas Lash Lounge ROCKS !  Convenient hours and location   and  beautiful atmosphere and lounge chairs
