5	Great classes!! I only go here for classes and the ones I take are very rewarding! I'm not a machine person and I like to dance and workout so for me Groove and Aero-Latin are the top on my list for classes to take. There is spinning. dance mix, yoga, karate, African dance, step, boot camp and so much more! Aero-Latin every Wednesday by Christine is one of the best workouts I've ever had in my life! The music is so engaging, the teacher pushes you (in a good way), the movements are fun and you SWEAT! And yes! I love to sweat! Only complaint with this YMCA is it is downtown so there are sooo many people that register. It can get, no it IS very busy after work hours like around 6ish. It's quite spacious though with about 4-5 floors. There's a smaller mini gym on the second floor but you need a special key to access the machines. Top floor is the main machine floor and it gets quite busy. I recommend checking out the group classes. It's more fun and more motivating! 40 bucks for students and about 52 for non-students.
3	Good price, central location and a good variety of machines and classes offered.Unfortunately a large number of people frequent this gym, so it is hard to get a machine, sometimes even at non-peak hours, as well as having a time-limit of 30 minutes and a sign-up sheet can be annoying.A large gym with multiple floors.The locker rooms are decent, a lot of showers along with a sauna.
5	I got the full (student) summer membership for about $87 (+tax) for 3 months. Very clean and well maintained gym. So many different activities (some open to all). There's swimming pools, workout rooms, basketball courts and so on. Very well equipped and very nice staff! There is also a recreation centre open for the youth for after school "hang out and chilling" place, equipped with TVs, couches, pool table... the aim is to keep the kids out of trouble!I definitely recommend this gym!
4	Great facility. I came here since 2006, and still a member.The only bad thing is people working out there. No one ever heard of a deodorant. Although, the time to avoid this gym is at the peak hours; do not come around 3:30 PM to 6:30 PM. The benches are always full, and the gym is crowded with people.The location is great since it is in the heart of downtown. Staff is very friendly and approachable. Lots of classes and lessons. They have a gym for sports (they have a schedule for that).Youth center is another plus. It allows young people (18 and under) to gather up and they can relax in the room that has several couches, a pool table, and a foosball table. The youth staff (volunteer I presume) are super friendly, and they promote education and prevention of drugs/violence.
5	I was there for like 3 months, nice place, lots of activities, nice machines, staff are nice...very good access to the metro. Since then I want to get back but I live far now
4	Love the Y. I've been a member on and off for years now and don't have anything bad to say really! The equipment is great, the squash courts are plentiful, and the classes offered are varied and fun! Only bad thing is that there's a massive wait list for permanent lockers, and when do you get one it's super tiny. But really, other than that, great gym for a great price!
4	Fantastic location - just opposite the metro. The machines are all modern and in good condition but it can get very busy. I went at peak-time recently and couldn't get on anything so after about 10 minutes of standing about, I ended up leaving. Brilliant facilities and so many great classes - amazing price too!
1	Terrible gym, bad hours, close entire gym for maintenance without warning, lots of staff that do nothing because weights always everywhere, so many people there you have to wait for everything...good reviews here only for price which is pretty good.
4	It's a nice facility with personal trainers on site,indoor pool, indoor basketball court and most equipments needed to get your workout done! People at from desk always friendly,ask for Claudia she's the one always smiling even during QC winter season!
