3	I have had a good experience every time I've been here (except for the time condensation from my six pack got it wet in my backpack). BUT, they charge $0.50 for East Coast hot peppers. They don't need to be free (which would be nice and worth 2 more stars) but $0.50 for a spoon of peppers is too much. When I add peppers, I make them swipe my Amex again for the upcharge which probably costs them more than the peppers cost me as a big middle finger to them.
4	This location is directly across the street from my primary office; one of my coworkers eats here so often, that when they see him coming, they start preparing his order. I haven't been there as often as he has, but...- The service is ALWAYS fantastic. The gentleman who takes your order and charges you is consistently friendly, pleasant, and extremely efficient.- The prep time is always incredibly fast. Even when the line stretches outside the front door, rest assured you'll have your food in less than five minutes. - The place is always clean. Even during busy lunch rushes, things are stocked and the tables are clean. My only gripe is that I'm not a huge fan of the sandwiches themselves. I ordered a low-carb wrap today as a change, and it was ok, but nothing stellar. It pains me to say this, but aside from the addition of sprouts, these don't taste much different than a Subway sub does (to me), and I'm sure they're anything but healthy... Prices are fair, the staff is great, the food is maybe 2.5-stars at best. However, since the majority of places seem to be failing at the basics, I'm bumping Milio's to 4-stars.
3	The staff is super friendly. Their sandwiches hit the spot. The portion size is perfect. The godfather is especially tasty. Who needs Subway when there is a Milio's.
3	This little sandwich shop has a great selection of subs including some modern tastes.  I got a California something, it was turkey with avocado and some other vegetables.  The portion was huge.  It was fresh and delicious and the price was definitely a steal for the amount of food.
