1	Worst cleaning service I've ever used. Maid refused to finish job.
1	Jim, Let's review the facts. Before the maid even started I gave her a tour of the apartment and showed her every room. When I showed her the upstairs bathroom there was no complaint. Let me repeat that, THERE WAS NO COMPLAINT. Also she did not clean the entire house besides that room. She did a half-ass job in the kitchen and cleaned a bathtub in the downstairs bathroom that has never been used. Now since you did not see the bathroom you have no idea what the condition was like. There was no vomit. It didn't smell like urine. There were blue towel shafings all over the floor. And yes the toilet was a little dirty. The bathroom wasn't a health hazard. Your maid and you as someone who NEVER saw the bathroom are qualified to make that judgement.Yes it's true that your company did not charge me, and I'm grateful for that. What I'm not grateful for is that your company wasted my time. You wasted my time with the girl showing-up late. Wasted my time with her half-ass job at what little she cleaned of my place. And wasted my time waiting fir you to call me back.Thankfully I found a company Dust Chasers, that didn't waste my time, cleaned my entire place for the half price you would have charged me. I recommend anyone who thinks of calling your place to call Dust Chasers if they want a truly professional clean.
5	Absolutely wonderful!!! My brother and sister gave me a gift certificate for my wedding. I rescheduled for a 2nd cleaning. Gia came yesterday and my house was spotless. Even with 4 dogs she didn't miss a hair!! Will recommend to everyone.
2	The cleaning services have always been great, but the employees we have had come to our house have left certain rooms smelling like cigarette smoke. I really don't think they have smoked inside our house, rather they smoked so often that they carried the smell with them. This was only a minor turn-off.The greatest turn-off I experienced with this company was that someone from the company called my husband and left what I found to be quite a rude message. It said something along the lines of if we "kept our house more organized" we would get better cleaning service. I'm sorry, but I don't need a critique of how I take care of my house. Not to mention that one of the times we had this company clean our home was at one of the most stressful and tragic times in our lives--hence why we hired a cleaning service to begin with!It's really unfortunate, because I will not be hiring this company in the future, despite how much I liked their work. And doesn't everyone have a "junk room"? I told the employee she didn't need to worry about that room because I hadn't organized it yet! This is the only thing i can think of that the owner (I think that's who called) was referring to.Very disappointing.
1	We chose Mr. Maid based on some research.  We met with the owners at our house and we were very impressed.  We hired Mr. Maid and they came to our home 3 times and we were very happy with the overall job that they did.  Now came the interesting part.....After the 3rd visit I contacted the owners and asked for a price reduction because the time spent at our house cleaning was well under the initial estimation by the owners, and time onsite really determined our total cost of cleaning.  I was polite to them and even told them that I was very happy with their cleaning job.  I told many people about them and made many recommendations for them.  The owners seemed to be reluctant to lower the cost.  They did finally drop the cost a little bit, and I was fine with that.  Then, for some reason, they called and told me the cleaner that was at our house quit and they had nobody else to cover at the time.  They siad they were actively trying to hire a new person.  Weeks went by and I heard nothing from them.  I contacted them a few times and asked when they would show up to clean.  They gave me the same response.  It has been 5 months now since they walked-out on our job.  I treated them with respect and was always very nice to them and their staff.  I am a businessman and understand how you should treat your customers.  I have now learned that they do not respect their customers, and I am still trying to understand why they skipped town on us when I gave them so many good recommendations and good opinions on their cleaning work.  Overall, if you can get them to commit, you will probably get a good cleaning job.  But I wouldn't bet on it based on our overall experieince with the owners.  Very poor business ethics displayed by them.
