4	Called at 8 on a Thursday night after deciding to try and grab a late dinner with a friend, got a table for 10:30 which was perfect and the friendly gent at the door had the table pretty much ready right on time. Service was helpful, wine list was full of new discoveries which our bilingual lovely waitress guided us through. My pork belly was perfect and nicely balanced with the turnip, my friend enjoyed his venison and said it was cooked just right (ie not much.) The chocolate dessert was dreamy and perfect, rich and bitter with a little caramel to balance out. The room is intimate and warm, wood, brick, with a square central bar where I recognized the staff from other excellent local restaurants just hanging out - always a good sign.
3	So this place is a lovely set-up with a big long swanky bar smack dab in the centre of the room. Visually everything is quite stunning. The staff were lovely and helpful. My one issue was actually the menu. It just wasn't my cup of tea. I don't consider myself to be a particularly  picky eater but I really feel this menu was made to freak me out. Horse tartare, rabbit meat, foie gras, duck, bone marrow -- these just aren't really my things. They are things that a lot of people like. But not me. So anyways me and my friend ended up sharing marinated trout and the potatoes with Bone marrow (eek!), and a cheese plate. Presentation for the trout was gorgeous and it was all very tasty. I was squeamish about the bone marrow but I can say that it was actually pretty good.I will say, I probably won't be back. The menu is too eclectic for my taste, but the overall experience was lovely and if you are into these sorts of things I would recommend you pay Hotel Herman a visit.
5	Wow.  This was perhaps the most delicious meal that I've eaten in years!  Though somewhat expensive, all the food is inventively plated and the flavours complement each other so well.  Who would've thought that bone marrow, mashed potatoes and caviar would go together so well?  Not this girl.  We also had the marinated trout, scallops (PETONCLES!), beef, and a bunch of other dishes - and what I liked about this place is the unconventional combinations.  Yes, there were definitely some ingredients that would freak most people out, but the ability to make it all delicious is what counts!  Staff were also super friendly.  The only thing I would change is the entrance - which I think is the winter setup to keep the heat in/patrons warm.  After you walk through the door, you have to turn to the right - a lot of people were walking right into the glass partition thinking it was a door - oops.  My only regret is not having room for dessert!  I will return.....
5	I don't leave very many 5 star reviews. In fact, I can't remember the last time I did. Hotel Herman was so perfect, on so many levels, that I just can't help myself. I'd leave six stars if it were possible!We found it quite by accident. We were walking past and said to each other, "that place looks cool". So, we stopped. At the front door was owner, Dominic. What a great first impression. He found us some seats at the bar, which by the way are the best seats in this house. Next came the bartender/waiter, Louis. Knowledgeable and extremely competent, he led us thru the menu like a pro. He also was easy and fun to talk with. The food was simply, spectacular. We ended up here three separate times during our 6 day stay in Montreal. The chef was in the kitchen on each of our visits. He does a great job of using fresh, local ingredients and the menu changes daily. The duck egg with ramps and fiddleheads was particularly interesting. We ordered it twice! The space was a combination of elegant, simple and cool. The U-shaped bar dominates the center of the room, and it's where you want to sit, if you can. Polished service with a local flair, outstanding food prepared with thought and creativity and a beautiful room.... What more can you ask for in a dining experience.
4	Well after reading some critics reviews I decided to give this new mile-end dig a try. Called same day for reservations at 8 on a friday and they only had the bar which in the end is the only place you should eat/drink at this establishment. The U-shaped bar pretty much dominants the space in such a good way save for a few tables on the side/front (bigger groups don't worry there is a section for you as well). It definitely contributes to the social aspect of drinking/dining if that's what you're looking for. Also the staff are friendly, very hands on and attentive.They had Grolsch on tap which had me sold! But their classic drinks were truly well done. One of the better Old Fashioned's I had in a really long time and the Manhattan was perfect. My friend had a gin inspired drink called the 'bijou' with local quebec berries!I read mixed reviews on the food so expectations weren't sky high at all but I was really impressed. Started off with oysters which were fresh and tasty and we both finished with the lamb which was interesting as there were two different cuts and cooks (seared and braised)....tender and not too gamey. Perfect!Will definitely be back!
5	Tremendous mid-afternoon find for a damned delightful glass of red (to satisfy any palette). The beet soup was tremendous, the fromage local and lovely (served with raw honey - bam).  AND they're open Mondays.
5	This place is absolutely outstanding. From their cocktails to their extensive and well-curated wine list, to, of course, the food. The presentation and preparation are both exquisitely cared for. I've never had something that didn't surprise and impress me. It is consistently excellent. Be prepared for rich though. Sweet breads, bone marrow, duck egg, venison tartar, are good examples of the kinds of items you'll find on the menu. Even the vegetables are likely to be confit! This pleases me immensely but it isn't the place for you if you're looking for a light salad. Order a few dishes and share. This is definitely the best way to go. The plates are a little small, but with how rich they are you won't want bigger. The best is to be able to try a few things and really get a feel for the kitchen's style and skill. an important word of advice: Do not skip dessert. the panna cotta always blows us away (and my partner is generally not a fan)The servers are knowledgeable and attentive and always so sweet. The ambiance is relaxed and refined at the same time.
3	Went to Hotel Herman for a 9:30 p.m. reservation after getting shut out of many other places. We got there at 9 and were seated immediately, which was nice.Per the waitress's recommendation, everyone ordered two plates each and they were all wonderful. Everyone truly enjoyed their food (my lamb in particular was cooked perfectly and juicy), though much of the menu was off-limits for some of the less adventurous eaters in our party. Don't come here if you're only down to eat meat and potatoes, because even the tamest dishes on the menu contain some sort of twist.The reason for three stars only? Simple...my personal bill, after two plates, two cocktails and tip ran to almost $90, which would also be fine if I hadn't -- quite literally, I assure you -- left the restaurant hungry. The portions are simply way, way, way too small. This would be a lovely place to grab a drink and appetizer at the bar BEFORE dinner, but as a main meal it just doesn't cut it. And at the prices they charge, making this a pre-meal routine would also be questionable.
3	Woah. This is some seriously involved food. We arrived with a giant group of 12 people late on a Saturday night. They (amazingly!) were able to cobble together a table for all of us. They had a great wine list, and the server was very knowledgeable. We were very happy with the white she recommended (oh I wish I remember what it was called). The food was somewhere between crazy good and just crazy. First, when they say "small plates," they REALLY mean small. The white asparagus dish was literally a single spear of asparagus. It was very good at first-- but the abundance of onions and pickled everything was just too overpowering by the end. However, my friend got the lamb and was dying a thousand deaths over its deliciousness. I ended with the rhubarb and creme fraiche dessert, which was really awesome. If I went back, I might skip the mains, but I'd definitely get the dessert again.
4	Food excellent and staff very friendly and happy to explain and advise.. Amazing meal..  only thing is this kind of food.. it's great but I am always hungry again in a half an hour.. portions are small.. order a lot .
5	On a Wednesday evening, the place was not very busy and we did not end up needing reservations.The dishes combined various elements that created fun and exciting flavors. One example was a fried mussel, roasted broccoli, and pea puree dish. The ingredients did not seem to make sense on the menu, but they did on the palate.A selection of 2-3 craft beers, including the delicious Saison du Tracteur.The portions are a bit small, so it is recommended you order 2-3 plates per person (which can be $30-50).Three plates and three beers was about $70.
