2	Haven't eaten the food yet, so this is just a preliminary review.  I may add stars if the food is amazing.Bistro Mobile is a pretty cool idea.  They make healthy homemade meals and deliver it to your house.  I thought I'd try it, so I picked up a LivingSocial coupon for it some time ago.  I finally followed through on putting my order in last week.When I called the number like the instructions said, I got a guy who barely spoke English.  I asked multiple times if it was Bistro Mobile, and I got a nondescript answer.  I hung up and looked up the number of their web site, which was right, so I tried again.  That guy WAS a (the?) guy from Bistro Mobile, and in his broken English he was finally able to explain that I could order from the web site and they'd take the coupon when they delivered.I went through the entire ordering process, and at the end it failed.  Told me to start over.  I tried again the next day with a different browser, and the menu had changed.  Whatever.  I picked new items, and it let me complete my order.  I picked 1pm on Friday as a delivery time.1pm Friday came and went, and no food was delivered.  I later received a call from the guy saying the menu was for next week, not this week.  I sent them an email from their web site saying 12pm on Monday would be fine.  At 12:30pm on Monday, I called as I was leaving my house to let them know they never delivered.  Finally that call got the food to me, as my roommate was luckily home to receive the food.I feel like it is a miracle that I now have this food in my hands.  Why was this so confusing?  I waited until my LivingSocial coupon almost expired, so I had to have been one of the last people to redeem.  They should have ironed it out by now.Fix your web site so it works with all browsers.  Make it clear when the earliest I can receive my food.  Organize yourselves a little better so when I request a delivery time, I don't have to call and check up.  And hire someone that speaks English a little better so I don't think I called the wrong number.
4	I agree with Rob. I had purchased my Meals through Living social as well. I did not have a problem when I had called. I had talked to a very nice woman. But the problem relied in the delivery. And thats the reason for the 4 stars not 5..DELIVERY:I had let them know 1pm would be fine, and explained they had to be there before 2pm because i have a very very busy schedule and I wouldn't be home to receive it. They agreed. So 1 rolls around and no food. 1:30...2:00... And by this time I had to leave. I live in a high rise on the strip so I told my front desk if they came in to send the food back. About 30 minutes later I get a call from the Bistro Mobile food delivery man asking what to do with the food. I explained the situation and they told me the time given is an estimate with a 1-2 hour difference because they have so many orders to deliver.OMG I explained the time crunch BEFORE ordering and I was told everything was fine! Not to mention they need to STATE that on the website so people are not expecting them. GEEZ.FOOD:To my surprise the food was great. They came in neat plastic containers with heating instructions and your name on each one. Makes it convenient if more then one person in the house is ordering food.  The meal size was adequate, especially for the price. I enjoyed them. WEBSITE:I Hope Bistro Mobile reads these reviews because I HATE there website new ordering layout. Before you could choose meals from Lunch, Dinner etc. Now they have it where you have a few food selections rolled in one you choose from when you roll your curser over a specific day. I just want to click on lunch and see my options or Dinner because those will be the only two meals out of the day. It sounds finicky but its the truth, I actually have tried looking for another meal delivery service because of this, but talk about EXPENSIVE!.  For the price I am willing to give them another shot now knowing what to expect.Hope this helps!
2	I bought a Living Social deal that promoted 20 meals; here is the description:"In the last 20 years, our food choices have increasingly gone from natural to highly processed convenience eats. The truth is, trying to cook something nutritious has become quite... inconvenient. With today's deal from My Personal Meals by Bistro Mobile, fork over $59 and receive the My Choice package: five days of meals delivered to your front door (a $130 value). You'll get your pick of four fresh, delicious options each day, including heartier meals like Voodoo Spicy Chicken Pasta and pork chili verde; lighter snacks like fruit and cottage cheese; and strawberry cheesecake for dessert. Say goodbye to planning, shopping, and cooking when you pick up today's deal."I thought their concept was good, BUT their communication on their end wasn't clear. They have two different websites up that are conflicting in messages.Bistro mobile has the 400x plan, which consist 4 meals a day under 400 calories. When I first looked into this offer, I was directed to this website: http://www.bistromobilelasvegas.com/menus_4.html. I bought the offer thinking it was a pretty good deal, for healthy food. Than I looked back and was directed to this website: http://mypersonalmeals.com/zgrid/themes/10463/intro/index.jspI didn't think much of it, since both websites are the same company... Or is it?The Food: it was pretty good, but most meals run 530 calories and TONS of sodium. Needless to say, that my blood pressure was shooting to the roof and I felt crappy, groggy and tired after eating my lunch; not very healthy. Note: the meals I chose for myself were described grilled, veggies, or included brown rice. To sum it up, they need to be more descriptive and clear. food is delicious, but if you're selling healthy conscious meals, make it very clear with your statement. Please go in-depth with your website (maybe including calories with meals) and have clear communication.
