5	Situated right on Murray Ave. in the heart of Greenfield is a little dive bar named the Coop. It has 1 pool table, 1 dart board, 2 touch & plays, 2 TV's (the big screen is HD and almost always has sports on), there is a limited juke box but it has something for everybody. It can get pretty loud during a Steelers or Pens game. The owners & evening bartender are friendly and inviting.The food is classic pub grub lovingly prepared. Wednesday is wing night and it can get pretty crazy (if you want your wings at 8p when it starts you better have your order in by 6p). All of the portions are incredibly large so come hungry. It has a better selection of beer than your average dive bar - all the big 3 beers are there plus Guinness and Heiniken.It reminds me of Cheers - you go there a couple times and everyone knows your name and welcomes you when you walk in the door
4	Another Greenfield gem, the Coop is an excellent example of classic neighborhood dive bar.Now, I am not a regular by any means, but I have gone on Wednesdays for wing night with a few other wing nuts. The wings are huge and they are delicious. This bar may look like the kind of place where rugged folks who have peg legs sit around, boasting about their exploits in 'Nam, but I was pleasantly surprised on the inside and glad I did not judge this book by its cover. Try wing night on Wednesdays, you will not be disappointed. Their beer selection is also solid.Parking on the street is kind of difficult since it is Murray Avenue, but Giant Eagle is across the street with a large parking lot and they are not strict about customer-only parking (as I'm sure it can easily absorb the extra cars, unlike say the Squirrel Hill Giant Eagle.)
5	If there were ever a bar in Pittsburgh that would somewhat remind you of Cheers, The Coop would be it (Sorry October, but I agree, I was thinking that before I read your review).  It's one of those places that you want to go into even though it is a "dive bar."  I'm by no means a regular there, but I feel as if the bartender knows me well enough to be able to grab my preference in beer without me saying a thing.Yes, it can get rowdy and loud, but that's part of the charm there.  Many a nights have been spent there saying, "huh, what?" to a friend because you can't understand them.  The bartenders are inviting and love the chat when they got a sec.  The patrons that do regular the place are always nice and up for a chat with you.  The TVs usually have sports on, expected of a bar in the Burgh.  The jukebox has an awesome selection of songs that span the decades.  I've caught myself singing along to some 70s stuff and then the next beat I'm having a good time with more recent music.  Pool table is a bit cramped, but that doesn't stop people from playing.  The touch and plays definitely fill up the night if you're not paying attention.The food is amazing.  I've had their fries and the portion is ginormous.  They're big and potatoey.  Might be the Irish coming out in me, but I fell in love with those fries, the right amount of grease for sure.  They are in no rush to kick you out at the end of the night, they let you finish your beer instead of gulping it down.  Even though they are just following you to the door to unlock it for you to get out, you feel like you are getting a personal escort.  It might just be the fact that as they are letting out the door they are saying to you, 'Thanks for coming and have a good night.'Side note: Cash only.
