4	After coming out of the Anna's Linens, we stopped by next door which was Bath and Body Works. I had got a gift card as a going away party at work (LOL because I just moved to the other side for Bath and Body Works). This particular store's atmosphere was kinda dead by it was ok because I could actually enjoy walking around and not bump into some body. However, for some reason, today the Anna's Linens and Bath & Body Works were out of stock for many things (that's why they didn't get the last star. Even though we had intentions of purchasing things, we left because the shelves per say were empty.
3	I really like this place for shopping for multiple people during the holidays. Even though the creams/ sprays ext are pricey, they always have promotions and coupons going on. For example, today I got buy three get three for free PLUS a  free product of $13 value for free with any purchase PLUS a summer bag with over $120 worth of goodies for only $25. So, yeah, that was cool.My favorite scent is no longer made but comes out ONLY at the end of the year sale. It is the Rice flower and Shea. I Love It! I wait all year and then load up at that sale. BEST sale of the year. Its right after Christmas til the new year ish....Don't miss it.
5	I love this location! It's so close to my house, AND it's in the same shopping center as Target, Nordstrom's Rack, Ulta & Marshalls.  The staff is great and they have a wonderful selection.
2	Nothing extraordinary at this particular location. In and out. The gal at the register did have a tiny attitude, but whatevs.. I got my lotion at half off!Wheelin' and dealin'
5	I love this store. My favorite items from here are the foaming pump soaps!! Right now they have the Fall scents and my favorite is Pumpkin!! 5 for $15 or 7 for $20The staff very nice and brought me over a basket for my items. They are also having a Fall thing on Sept 21 12-6 I believe and you get a free gift. They are open 7 days a week
4	Finally! ... they have extended their men's line to more than 2 fragrances.  Walked over to the men's section, and couldn't make up my mind.  Not used to having so many choices here.  Lol... The location of this store makes it a hidden gem.  It's literally tucked away in the corner of the shopping center,  which makes it less likely to be crowed. Especially compared to the ones you see in the malls,  like Fashion Show or Sunset Galleria.
4	I always forget there's a Bath & Body Works tucked away in the corner of this plaza, but when I drove by it, I remembered I wanted to pick up some stuff, so I went to park.It has been awhile since I've been into this particular store, but I love how bright and colorful everything is. There was only one employee working, but she was friendly and cheerful as she greeted me and asked if I needed any help. I didn't and began to browse. I needed to pick up some lotion to replace the one I used up, Moonlight Path, and then went to check out the wallflower home fragrance refills because I ran out of those as well.There was a scent without a corresponding candle that I wanted to find out what it smelled like before purchasing it (Lavender & Vanilla). I wanted to make sure it smelled good and not assume it smelled good because of what it was called. I asked the employee about it and she said she uses that particular scent at home and she loved it. She showed me a product on the opposite wall that smelled the same. It was definitely a winner.I went to pay for my items and the employee mentioned a sale the store had going on because I only picked up one lotion. I thought about it before declining since I don't use enough lotion to justify getting more, but I did take up the sale with 6 fragrance refills.I enjoy shopping here, but because I rarely run out of the products, I don't shop here as often as I'd like to.
2	Tucked away in the corner of the Target plaza, it's never busy and they are always fully stocked. It is very organized, as they should be because they have so much time to keep things clean. I've worked retail pretty much my whole life and as a retail manager now, I know what customer service is. We walk in, no one at the front to greet us. What if I just came in, grabbed something then ran right out? No one to deter theft. We get to the middle of the store and notice two employees behind the register ringing up a customer. Does it really take two people? The customer finally left so it was just my bf and I left in the store. We get closer to the register and still no hello from the employees. Management, do a better job at customer service because yours clearly sucks.
5	Tucked away and left of the Target this place is my favorite location. It's never too busy, always stocked with new items and old favorites and it's always impeccably clean and orderly. The staff is very helpful and super friendly! I always leave with a smile and coupons. During my recent visit Ariel immediately helped me find the exact scent I was looking for, couldn't be happier!
5	I love them here! Every single time I come in they're so nice!! A few months back, I was buying hand sanitizer's for Baby Shower favors and the two associates helping me were so friendly, patient, nice, and extremely helpful. They even wrapped each hand sanitizer and put a cute blue bow! They told me to come back in 20 minutes because it would be awhile before they were finished wrapping so I went to Target and made them both a cute little care package with nail polish, lotion, pens, and random lollipops just to show them I appreciated everything they did! Even if it is their job, I enjoyed how they were happy to help me out in my time of need! You ladies are great!!
