4	More than adequate staffing level at present, all chefs/cooks visible in the kitchen speak Japanese, the menu is possibly unique here in Las Vegas (aside from the sister restaurant Kabuki).  The minimalistic ambiance of this small restaurant just works for me. And if you want to photo-document your meal, sit at the "pasta bar" counter, the lighting there is adequate for simple food photography needs.So Down to business.  A group of Yelpers were actually at the plaza where this new restaurant is located at last night (Monday), which is currently their only day off.  So I decided I was going to check them out the next evening after work.  As the chef, possibly the owner, handed us their business cards and a few menu (he was at the restaurant with a few others).When I arrived at 7:30pm on Tuesday, the place had 4 tables occupied already, and I am pretty sure that everyone there, except yours truly, was a native Japanese.  I considered that a positive indicator for seeking authentic Japanese style rendition of Western cuisine.The menu is pretty simple, pastas are on the specials board, while appetizers,salads, chef's special dishes are on a 2-sided menu. The dessert menu also offers some Western desserts with a Japanese twist. Menu prices are mostly in the $teens, but can quickly add up to a meal costing $30-40+ per person.On my inaugural visit, I tried the Miso Carbonara for main course #1 and Kurobuta Tonkatsu "Nakamura-Ya" Style for main course #2.  The  Miso Carbonara pasta dish was good, the flavor is obviously different from traditional Italian Carbonara pasta dishes, but the sauce was creamy with a mild flavor.  I personally would prefer the pieces of bacon to be cooked a bit more, but that is a personal preference of mine.  Check out the picture I posted if you are interested in trying out this item. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6H8xfhoZ2IGa3eNiY5FqLA?select=eSNQvL3QRJTT66ztOZ2-QQFlavor: 3.5 stars. Presentation: 3.5 stars. Value: 3 stars.Since I was still hungry, I went and ordered the Kurobuta Tonkatsu "Nakamura-Ya" Style from the Chef's Special Dishes portion of the menu.  It is a very delicious and juicy tonkatsu (fried pork cutlet) that is served with a tomato sauce, an asparagus, watercress, a button mushroom cut upand awedgeoflemon as garnish.  The only thing I thought was missing was a starch component to the entree, like rice pilaf or something.  Then again, maybe the roll that is served with the meal is meant to serve that role.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6H8xfhoZ2IGa3eNiY5FqLA?select=C-6NKQW_7vs5xV_GZMd9lAFlavor: 5 stars. Presentation: 3 stars.  Value: 3 stars.For dessert I had the Soy Milk Panna Cotta "Okinawa Black Sugar" Sauce for $5.95, but the Black Sesame Blanc Manger also looks very interesting on the menu.  The Panna Cotta was pretty good, I like the flavor, although the texture seems a bit firmed (like too much gelatin was used) to me. However, the Okinawa Black Sugar Sauce was the key component that makes this dessert.  The dessert is probably prepared by savory chefs, as some basic pastry chef attention to detail was amissed (utilized sprig of mint that had clear signs of pest feeding on the leaf as a very noticeable garnish just seems careless, and something that can easily be prevented). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6H8xfhoZ2IGa3eNiY5FqLA?select=o1ILKDTRwUZ9t6x3W5KJfgAnyway, I like this new addition to the Las Vegas restaurant scene, and can see myself paying the occasional visit when I am in the mood.Location: In the same plaza as Raku, Monta Ramen, Big Won, Soul Oak Korean BBQ.  Very accessible if you are near the Chinatown area.Parking:  3/5  Could easily gets crowded, but not filled to capacity where you have to look for nearby street parking.Ambiance:  4.5/5  I like the execution of the interior decor and the lighting (dim in the main dining area, and well lite at the "pasta bar"counter.Service:  4.5/5  Pleasant service by a small squad of friendly waitresses.Value:  3.5/5  Not a cheap meal, but I do think you get what you pay for, plus there is not much competition for this kind of cuisine in Las Vegas at the moment.Flavor:  4 stars overall, some dishes and items are executed better than others.  But the balance of flavor that is not too overpowering, and compliments the components of the dish is what will make you go back for more.4 stars!  Bravo and welcome to Las Vegas Trattoria Nakamura-Ya!!!Note:  They do accept AMEX.
4	I need to hit the gym more often if I keep going on these plaza food tours. To be fair, I went to the gym, then needed a place to chill until Katrina M. got off of work. I stopped by Big Wong for some appetizers, then we came here for dinner.For the four parties there, there were almost as many servers. That is good, because I like the attentive service. My water glass was consistently full while dirty plates and silverware were exchanged constantly. The prices are mid range, with the most expensive thing costing $24, so the fine dining style of service was nice. I am not sure why it is, but every Asian/Italian fusion restaurant I have came across is fond of cream based sauces. I would have loved to try one of their pasta dishes, but can only stomach so much cream. Instead, we got the Fritto Misto($10.95), because fried foods are infinitely better for you. The dish comes with two skewers of calamari, two pieces of octopus, four shrimp, and four pieces of zucchini that are all lightly coated in panko and fried crisp. They come out hot, so watch your mouth. The marinara is a light and chunky perfection. It also comes with tartar sauce. For our entree, we split the Fresh Oysters and Watercress Risotto($14.95). It is creamy, rich, decadent, and the ratio of oysters to watercress was jaw dropping. The only criticism I have was about the aftertaste. It had a reminisce of mayo that lingered. It was faint enough to overlook. I stopped eating because I was full, not due to the taste. If there was one regret of the night, it was not having room for one of their desserts.
3	Honestly, the rigatoni with tuna and mozzarella I had and the fettucini with kurobuta sausage my girlfriend had were definitely good, but not as good as I was expecting for $13.50 a plate. The dishes tasted well-prepared, but my (not very impressive) dish of rigatoni with only a little bit of shredded tuna and mozzarella felt underwhelming. Although fancily named, the kurobuta sausage tasted fairly unfancy. Basically, for pasta with these prices I expect something a little more special.However, the service was top notch and friendly.
5	Brand new joint on spring mountain... Absolutely love it!! Tried sea urchin tomato cream pasta & miso carbonara and both were to die for. OK, I guess it's a bit pricey for pasta, but I can't think of anywhere else to eat this kind of food in this town, so I am not complaining... besides, portion is fairly large. Server is attentive, chefs are friendly. Will definitely repeat until i conquer every items on the menu - great alternatives when Ichiza or Monta is just too busy to seat you immediately. No signs outside yet... it's on the same mall as Monta & Raku. Give it a try!
4	I've been waiting for the day this type of cuisine to come to Las Vegas.  Ever since the day my tongue tasted the wonderful uni spagetti at famous Cafe Hiro in Cerritos, CA, I've dreamt about my favorite fatty subtrates - UNI & carbalicious-al-dente pasta.Trattoria Nakamura-Ya just opened a couple weeks ago.  So fresh and new that they didn't even have their liquor license when we went.  Hopefully, the license has been approved by now.  Like popular Raku in town, Trattoria Nakamura-ya has a chalkboard of their daily specials.  In this case, it was specials of their pastas and other dishes.  A sucker for advertisement, we went for mostly specials.On to the food:Fresh warm rolls - Fluffy, soft, warm.  Slather on a pat of butter...Need I say more?Hirame Watercress Salad - This was fantastic.  The texture whore in me was jumping for joy.  The crunchy watercress paired with the crunchy deep fried cracker (?) and the tangy sweet dressing was perfect.  After breaking up everything and tossing well as recommended by our server, every bite was a texture sensationMadai (Red Snapper) Carpaccio - Fresh snapper, crunchy sprouts and a touch of fish sauce.  Unique and delicious.Uni & Tomato Cream Pasta - Al dente, al dente, perfectly al dente + buttery uni =)Manila Clam & Torako Pasta - This dish was a touch salty but still enjoyable Scallops Sauteed in Marinara Sauce - Scallops are not my favorite seafood, but I could appreciate the tender meat and flavorful sauce.Tiramisu & Creme Brulee- I love Japanese versions of non-Japanese desserts.  Somehow they make the level of sweetness perfectly to my liking (not too sweet).Conclusion:  Fusion Japanese & I get along just fine.
3	The restaurant was nice.  Friendly group of people.  Had the beef carpaccio, I've definitely had better, the slices were  thick, but not high grade kobe beef that melts in your mouth type of kobe.  The fetti was good but matched with a basil leaf, poorly done, since the basil leaf didn't match with the sauce or the fish eggs that well.  Overall, decent, but with competitors like Raku and Monta and Big Wong in the same plaza, its hard for this restaurant to shine.
4	Fusion places have become increasing popular in Las Vegas. When I heard about a new Japanese Italian fusion restaurant, I was curious to check it out. The restaurant is located in the same shopping center as Raku, Monta Noodle and Big Wong so it's in great company. It's small with about nine tables and a bar. The ambiance is simple and modern.I ordered ginger ale and it wasn't the regular stuff you can buy at the supermarket. It was Fever Tree Ginger Ale and it was so, so good! The buns they provide as an appetizer were fresh, warm and delicious. (I didn't get a chance to take note of the proper names of the menu items so pardon me if I don't get the names correct.) We started off with Jidori Chicken which translates to "organic chicken" per the waitress. It was good but not memorable. My husband ordered the Miso Carbonara ($13.95) and he enjoyed it. I ordered the Fettucini with Baby Scallops and Tarako (?) sauce ($18.95). Again, I apologize if I get the names wrong. I really enjoyed my dish. The pasta was cooked perfectly as were the scallops and the sauce was indescribable. I really tasted the Italian and Japanese influence in the dish.For dessert, we shared the Tiramisu. It was good, not too sweet, but it wasn't the best Tiramisu I ever had.I would give the service 5 stars because the waitresses were very sweet and attentive. They were wonderful about explaining the menu items to us, our glasses were never empty and they kept our table clean.I would suggest to sign up for their e-mail distribution because they change out their pasta menu every few weeks. I can't wait to see what else they have to offer!
4	More than adequate staffing level at present, all chefs/cooks visible in the kitchen speak Japanese, the menu is possibly unique here in Las Vegas (aside from the sister restaurant Kabuki).  The minimalistic ambiance of this small restaurant just works for me. And if you want to photo-document your meal, sit at the "pasta bar" counter, the lighting there is adequate for simple food photography needs.So Down to business.  A group of Yelpers were actually at the plaza where this new restaurant is located at last night (Monday), which is currently their only day off.  So I decided I was going to check them out the next evening after work.  As the chef, possibly the owner, handed us their business cards and a few menu (he was at the restaurant with a few others).When I arrived at 7:30pm on Tuesday, the place had 4 tables occupied already, and I am pretty sure that everyone there, except yours truly, was a native Japanese.  I considered that a positive indicator for seeking authentic Japanese style rendition of Western cuisine.The menu is pretty simple, pastas are on the specials board, while appetizers,salads, chef's special dishes are on a 2-sided menu. The dessert menu also offers some Western desserts with a Japanese twist. Menu prices are mostly in the $teens, but can quickly add up to a meal costing $30-40+ per person.On my inaugural visit, I tried the Miso Carbonara for main course #1 and Kurobuta Tonkatsu "Nakamura-Ya" Style for main course #2.  The  Miso Carbonara pasta dish was good, the flavor is obviously different from traditional Italian Carbonara pasta dishes, but the sauce was creamy with a mild flavor.  I personally would prefer the pieces of bacon to be cooked a bit more, but that is a personal preference of mine.  Check out the picture I posted if you are interested in trying out this item. Flavor: 3.5 stars. Presentation: 3.5 stars. Value: 3 stars.Since I was still hungry, I went and ordered the Kurobuta Tonkatsu "Nakamura-Ya" Style from the Chef's Special Dishes portion of the menu.  It is a very delicious and juicy tonkatsu (fried pork cutlet) that is served with a tomato sauce, an asparagus and a button mushroom cut up as garnish.  The only thing I thought was missing was a starch component to the entree, like rice pilaf or something.  Then again, maybe the roll that is served with the meal is meant to serve that role.  Flavor: 5 stars. Presentation: 3 stars.  Value: 3 stars.For dessert I had the Soy Milk Panna Cotta "Okinawa Black Sugar" Sauce for $5.95, but the Black Sesame Blanc Manger also looks very interesting on the menu.  The Panna Cotta was pretty good, I like the flavor, although the texture seems a bit firmed (like too much gelatin was used) to me. However, the Okinawa Black Sugar Sauce was the key component that makes this dessert.  The dessert is probably prepared by savory chefs, as some basic pastry chef attention to detail was amissed (utilized sprig of mint that had clear signs of pest feeding on the leaf as a very noticeable garnish just seems careless, and something that can easily be prevented). Anyway, I like this new addition to the Las Vegas restaurant scene, and can see myself paying the occasional visit when I am in the mood.Location: In the same plaza as Raku, Monta Ramen, Big Won, Soul Oak Korean BBQ.  Very accessible if you are near the Chinatown area.Parking:  3/5  Could easily gets crowded, but not filled to capacity where you have to look for nearby street parking.Ambiance:  4.5/5  I like the execution of the interior decor and the lighting (dim in the main dining area, and well lite at the "pasta bar"counter.Service:  4.5/5  Pleasant service by a small squad of friendly waitresses.Value:  3.5/5  Not a cheap meal, but I do think you get what you pay for, plus there is not much competition for this kind of cuisine in Las Vegas at the moment.Flavor:  4 stars overall, some dishes and items are executed better than others.  But the balance of flavor that is not too overpowering, and compliments the components of the dish is what will make you go back for more.4 stars!  Bravo and welcome to Las Vegas Trattoria Nakamura-Ya!!!Note:  They do accept AMEX.
5	A piece of italian cuisine, seen by japanese eyes, that won't disappoint your palate. Actually this adaptation beats the majority of the american version of it, since it is tastefully executed with flavorful ingredients, as opposed as let's say a mountain of overcooked spaghetti topped with half a gallon of brown marinara sauce and 4 huge 70% fat minimum meatballs! :)The 4 of us  (2 of us italians from Italy) shared 4 appetizers, 4 entrees and 2 desserts and we enjoyed equally all of them, which it is pretty awesome and unusual. Octopus carpaccio, kobe beef carpaccio, fritto misto and some italian spring rolls with prosciutto and mozzarella whetted our appetite. Black ink squid spaghetti, miso carbonara, some japanese sausage and mushroom spaghetti and some kind of chicken with a nice balsamico sauce followed. A black sesame thick budino and a japanese version of macedonia con gelato (fruit and ice cream casserole) closed the deal and we were all happily satisfied with a check of $151, a really honest amount. Too bad no vino yet but I'm sure it's on its way, judging from the empty cellar behind the counter. I will definitely go back soon. Arigato.
4	So, i visited this restaurant at jan 08, 2012. I am a chinese, so u will see some chinese point of view of this restaurant. My girlfriend and I went there to try. It is a small restaurant but the size is doesnt matter. The waitress greeted us right away when my right foot steped into the door. It was clean and we picked our own table because there not much people. We ordered FRIED CHICKEN and KOBE BEEF CARPACCIO. The taste of the chicken was quite special. It wasnt very special but smell good. The kobe beef can be thinner but it taste good also.Then we ordered two pasta. UNI AND TOMATO SAUCE PASTA and MISO CARBONARA.The uni one tasted like uni but not fishy. They gave us two little bottle of red pepper and chees to add on, just like the things that you put on your pizza or not. I put both on the pasta, it surprisingly tasted great. It added more layer on the flavor to play with your taste bugs. The miso carbonara tasted like regular carbonara but with miso flavor. i also added cheese and pepper on it. It didnt surprise me this time coz i had been surprised on the first time. It tasted good also. The service was great. Our waitress keep wiping our table and refilling my water. She was great. I didnt ask for her name becoz it considers as a "flirting act" in front of my gf. This is the first time i feel good when i tipped the waitress. Normally, i didnt feel good when doing the tipping section. I would recommand to other people u like to go there .
4	I liked the bruschetta but it was a little too different for my mom.  The parma ham salad thingy (I ate there over a month ago) was really good, the kurobuta pasta was good, and their tofu panna cotta with Okinawa sugar...sauce (?) was the star of the dinner.
3	Not really what I was hoping for, but I will probably give this place another shot. The Kobe beef carpaccio was pretty standard. I think the only Japanese element of the dish was the use of beef marked Kobe, but when your slice of meat is 1mm thick, you probably lose a lot of what makes Kobe beef Kobe beef. We also had a soft shell crab salad, which featured some very good sweet crab. I went out on a limb (for me) and ordered the squid ink pasta, and I have to say that it wasn't my favorite. Far from tasting unique, the dish tasted like a gritty watered down version of pasta with white clam sauce. At least I can cross that off my list now. All together, the service was good, I'm sure the other things on the menu are tastier than the squid ink.
4	i got two words for you.................goooooood food!!!went in for the first time and love it. when we went in, we were the only customers but who cares; the important part is all about the food!the menu is a piece of paper, where the appetizers and salad is on one side, and the other page contains entrees and soon to come...pizza!!try the beef carpaccio, it simply melts in your mouth. i tried the uni / tomato spaghetti, it was ok, not bad, it was good ok. it has its taste and texture, but something about that food had too much of something. finally the dessert, which made this a 4 stars. creme brulee was good but it was toooooooo watery. for my taste, creme brulee is suppose to be more pudding texture. but overall, goooooooooood food!!!!! i like it and 115% more likely to return!!!
5	I'm a big fan of Kaiseki Ryori because of it's delicacy, simplicity, and elegance.  Now days, I noticed that quiet a few Japanese restaurants are specialized in a foreign cuisine in Vegas and I am very happy to try them out :) We stumbled upon this restaurant on Saturday evening around 5:30pm.  With my small knowledge on Japanese/Italian fusion cooking techniques, I was just assuming that there aren't many dishes can be created into Japanese flavored pasta dishes on the menu besides conventional dishes.  All I could imagine and think of ingredients were some sort of flying fish roe on angel hair pasta, sesame oil flavored dish, yuzu citron sauce, or the dish with ginger garnish.  Well, I was wrong.  There were so many items to choose from.  And also, they had 7 to 8 different style of dishes for Special of the Day. Finally, we decided to share two dishes from the Special Menu:1. "Casago Black Mussel ($25.95)"     -Very tender & sweet fish     -Small size of winter black mussels w/ tangy tomato sauce(it was sure to  impress!!)2. "Scallop & Shrimp Pasta (under $20)"     -The texture of pasta was just right     -Good portion for two people     -Scallops & Shrimps were well cooked( not tough or rubbery tasty at all)*I was thinking that the chef was making sure these two ingredients were comparable in size so they had similar cooking time for the best taste :) Overall, I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of food and very charming ambiance.  It was definitely a cozy dining experience for me.  Maybe, they could accommodate no more than 30 customers at one time.  There are still many dishes I'd love to try out from the menu, like Black Squid Ink Pasta and some other creative desserts.  The servings are on the medium to large sizes which encourage sharing with companions.  After experiencing Japanese Italian dishes, I want to say that they are a perfect culinary marriage!
4	I came here for lunch and I totally pigged out:Ginger Ale: The spicy kind! Too bad the bottle is a little small.  Daikon and Dried Tomato Salad: It had japanese radish, shiso, sun-dried tomatoes, and a citrusy sour dressing.  I like sour, but this dish was sensory overload.Mussels Three Styles: The three styles wre tarako, tomato and a green veggie (artichoke?).  They were cooked like escargot, but instead of heavy butter and garlic, they were lighter and had a fresh taste.   Black Sesame Blanc Mange: This was the highlight of my meal.  It was firm, creamy, not too sweet and just the right size.Based on my two visits, I like the food and LOVE the desserts.
4	I finally got to eat here as I have been dying to try this place and Nakamuraya didn't disappoint.  Jidori fried chicken was mmm good.  Carbonara was done just right.  I have to try some more of the more "japanese style" pastas on the menu, but I will certainly go back to try some more.
4	Not quite a 5 star yelp establishment but very close!I was lucky enough to get to try a number of things here! The uni pasta, the squid ink pasta, the calamari and a few other things. My favorite dish by a mile was the uni pasta! A must try because of its generous portion size and amount of uni for ~$30! The squid ink pasta was good too except it stains your whole mouth black =(. Good thing I have excellent dental hygiene! =D I was pretty happy with the main courses but I feel the appetizers and desserts are just okay and dont stand out like the main courses do. Anyway, if you haven't tried it and you like sea urchin! Get the Uni Pasta! I will definitely be back for more of this!
5	Loved it.  Had the beef carpaccio and the roasted vegetables with bagna cauda - one of my most favorite Italian dishes which you rarely see on a menu... Also tried the jidori chicken appetizer... sadly 3pm Cafe's chicken was better... but this place has the service, the style, the work ethic, the heart and the vibe that 3pm will never achieve...bless their hearts.   We shared the tomato uni pasta -- could have died and gone to heaven...Wine prices are incredibly reasonable... Don't byo ---it's a problem for them.  Not a problem for me.  Dessert - and she raced down the street and around the corner for a candle to put in it, because my friend insisted, was only ok.   It was a panna cotta with balsamic glaze and berries... too stiff... (that's what she said...)  Anyway, these same folks operate Kabuki off Maryland Parkway at Flamingo -- who knew?  That's near my office...if they're doing any of these dishes near my office, I'd love it.  Lots more to try on the menu so I can't wait to go back.  Show them some love.   Max Jacobson's review says don't call them fusion...and I'd wholeheartedly agree with that... it's some of the best Italian food I've had in town...accented with, when appropriate, traditional Japanese ingredients.  Super high quality, brilliantly executed...
4	I've been waiting a nice Japanese Italian restaurant in Vegas ever since I moved to here from LA two years ago. Every time I came here, chef always could surprise me with something. I totally loved their Uni pasta, squid ink pasta, and soy milk panna cotta with Okinawa black sugar syrup!!!!!!!!!!! All dishes I mentioned above are 2 thumbs up worth for sure!! I tried their beef carpaccio one time and didnt really like thol. It was just not the way I liked to be served. Beef could be sliced a lot thinner in my opinion. Food is awesome and service is great. I can't wait to show my friends from LA this place when they visit next time. Love it!!
4	Japanese Fusion Italian Food.A lot of paste tho but it was good. The pasta was cooked just right.With Japanese sauce. Different kind of new tasting paste.Ordered the uni pasta, I normally don't like eating uni but in the paste the taste changed and it was pretty good or I was really hungry. Also got some seafood paste and cheese paste. Which was really creamy cheesy.
5	Went on Saturday night to try this place for the first time and was expecting a long wait, but surprisingly only 3 other tables with customers there. We were greeted by a very nice waitress eagerly wanting to take our drink orders, my friend and I didn't recognize most of the wines on the menu but we went with an Italian red, and it was delicious! I'm so mad I didn't write down what it was because I can't find the menu anywhere online.  We were both pretty open to any suggestions she offered us, so we started out with the Kobe beef carpaccio, excellent dish, highly recommend, although my fingers looked like hot dogs after eating it, cured meat and me don't get along, but I can't help myself, it tastes so good. Second app we tried the Jidori fried chicken, definitely way too greasy, would not order again or recommend, taste was overpowered with grease. I have a love for daikon, so I tried the daikon & sun dried tomato salad, I loved it, but if you're not a fan of sour, I would skip this. It was truly unique, very tasty. Again, I wish I would have written some things down, but our main dish was a tomato based pasta with several different types of Japanese mushroom, we could not get enough of this! It was amazing. I want to call and see if they can tell me what their specials were on Saturday because I want to order it again. Lastly, we had the famous soy milk panna cotta-YUM. Can't wait to go back!
4	I had this place on my list for quite a while and since I wanted to try something different I decided to finally stop here, although I was a little skeptical about their specialty, Japanese and Italian fusion? I wasn't sure what to expect, but maybe mixing two of my favorite cuisines could Actually be good. My friend was on the passengers seat so he had no choice but to follow and venture with me. The place is nice, nothing fancy, small but comfortable and practical, very Japanese. Service was good the waitress brought us our beer and food in a timely manner. As we get ready to eat, my friend rubs his chopsticks and tells me to do the same thing, that he read somewhere that it is good luck to do so. I didn't want to burst his bubble and tell him the real reason that you rub the chopsticks is to warm them up and in turn keep the food you're eating warm, so I rubbed the sticks for luck placed them down and started eating with my fork. the food was great we had the Italian spring roll and the  calamari in lemon garlic sauce for appetizers and we shared the manila clams with Torako pasta. I had to have something for dessert so I went for the Tarimisu. Everything was soo good, I think I'm a new fan of Jaitanese food. Next time I'm debating between eating Japanese or Italian I'll know where to go.........El Pollo Loco.....Just kidding.....about the chopsticks.   And as Arnold would say,  "I'll be back"
2	I feel kind of bad giving this place two stars....no actually, not really.First, The kitchen was completely understaffed. I came in for dinner on Sunday night with 3 others and our total dinner time took us almost 2 hours. I asked our server to bring everything out together but our dishes came individually with about 10-15 minutes in between. We pretty much had no other choice but to share, which we do anyway, but I wanted all of our food to come at once.Second, The servers were really nice but lacked communication.Example: My party had finished our second dish and was waiting for our third. One of the servers came to pick it up and asked if we wanted any dessert. She was very polite, but where was our food..........?Third, there was only ONE dish that was good. Here's what we ate:Kobe Beef Carpaccio: The quality of the meat itself was great. I would've liked it if it had been cut a little thinner though. The dish as a whole was a little inconsistent. Some parts had too much or too little of one thing or another. The Parmigiano Reggiano was also a little too mild for my taste.Uni Tomato Cream Spaghetti: This dish is that ONE good dish I was talking about. This dish was delightful. They didn't go cheap on the uni, and the uni was fresh. The tomato cream was nice and light. The spaghetti was perfectly al dente.Kurobuta Tonkatsu: The sauce was watery and bland. The meat itself needed more seasoning as well. I liked that they put cheese inside of it, but this dish was a complete fail. Very disappointed seeing how this dish was featured in one of their articles.Fettuccine Prosciutto Carbonara: I literally had to force this down. I was the most unhappy with this dish because it took the longest and tasted the worst. The pasta was undercooked and tasted like it had been boiled in unsalted water. The sauce had NO FLAVOR. The only thing OK about this dish was the prosciutto. The chef obviously didn't taste this dish when he/she sent it out of the kitchen. My boyfriend who *ISN'T A FOODIE* said, "I could've made something better than this..." and as much as I love him, his cooking is..not as good as most other people I've met? ;)I am very unhappy with my experience at this restaurant. I was really excited when I looked this place up and my mouth started watering when I saw the photos and read the reviews. I wish I could've had as good of an experience as all the other Yelpers. I guess it was just a bad day for this place. But you know what, consistency is one of the most important things in a successful restaurant.That is all I have to say.
2	Dishes came out one at a time, so we were forced to share otherwise 3 of us would have starved while the other ate. The carpaccio was too thickly cut, ruining the texture that should make a carpaccio. Uni Tomato cream pasta was beautiful and tasted great. However, after that dish, our Kurobuta pork took another 20 minutes. This dish needed some more seasoning. Our friend at the table, who is not at all a foodie or cook, said the tomato sauce seemed a bit watery. The server thought we were done and asked if we had room for dessert. ??? We told her we were still waiting for the parma prosciutto carbonara. That was another 25 minutes. We don't mind waiting for good food. But this pasta was so disappointing. The noodles were undercooked, the sauce was not flavorfully seasoned, and the prosciutto was barely dressing the pasta. Our non-foodie non-cook said he probably could have made something better than that pasta. We went in at 6:45 and didn't get out until 8:45, of which more than three-quarters of the time went to waiting. From the first dish (the carpaccio) to the last dish, there was a time difference of 75 minutes. Two people in our party didn't catch their flight and had to take the bus back, so I might be a bit biased because of that. Either way, other than that, it would have only gone up to a three. Ugh... sigh... I see the high ratings and I'm very disappointed because I think that people really want to like this place because Italian-Japanese sounds like such a cool combination. I really want it to be, but the food has to taste better. If they're still around in six months, I will try them again. I hope they get more staff in the kitchen and that they coordinate their service better. Their servers are really nice, but it's funny that we got asked if we wanted dessert when we were still waiting for another entree. See, even to the server, it would have made sense that all the food came out together. Aiya...
4	I enjoyed this cuisine very much.  I would not say it was THE BEST but the fusion between the two is so interesting I want to try everything on the menu!  Who would've thought the WWII mix would produce such good food.  Haha  j/k!
5	Okay, I have to say I was a little sketched out knowing this was an Italian/ Japanese place. I just really didn't know what to expect. But they definitely changed that!The Kobe Beef was a great starter. I can never get enough of Kobe Beef especially when it's in delicious sauce.The Uni pasta was to DIE for!! It just melted in your mouth and the sauce was made to perfection. The Squid Ink Pasta seriously scared the shit out of me, but it was actually really good. The only down fall to that was that it made my lips and teeth black. But it didn't stain it. One wipe with the napkin and I was good to go.The Seafood Pasta was pretty good. I think it was like any other place. The Soft Shell Crab Pasta was pretty good. I liked the concept of the Soft Shell Crab in Pasta but the sauce was the same as the Seafood Pasta, so the taste was a normal taste.Overall the experience was good. Great service, food came out fast, the food was delicious for the most part and it wasn't as expensive as I thought (even though it is pricey, but it's good seafood and Kobe Beef).
5	Had lunch and it was great!!
4	Had the hamburger steak. I could have used slightly more seasoning but overall the dish was delicious. Served with nice mushrooms and a great sauce. Everything fresh cooked right in front of you if you're sitting at the counter.
4	Ate there yesterday. We ordered the Calamari lemon garlic sauce & Tomato farci gratin as appetizers. Our main dish was Kobe beef outside skirt steak & Spaghetti  in miso sauce with pancetta. Dessert was the Soy milk panna cotta with black sugar sauce. It was very good!  Need to try their Kome Kome Sake.This meal was perfect for two people & price was reasonable. The food was excellent. All fresh ingredients. The sauces were delicious. Will be back again with family & friends.
4	After seeing this place in Desert Companion magazine my boyfriend and I decided to try it... We were intrigued by the "Japanese & Italian" mix... This place was really good!  Small hole in the wall, but very cute decor inside.  We had the beef carpaccio which was excellent.  The portion was small, but it was very good.  We then tried the "mussells 3 ways" escargot style, because of course at a place like this you've gotta try things you can't find anywhere else.  That was GREAT as well.  We also tried the uni pasta which was AMAZING!!!  Highly recommended... The perfect amount of saltyness!  We also ordered a bottle of wine and got out the door with all of this for about $110.  Highly recommended if you're an adventurous eater!!
4	This place is pretty UH-MAZING! I've been waiting to try this place for awhile now and my husband made the move to take me. He had made reservations ahead of time and when we walked in they asked if we had reservations. It's a small place so I would say definitely call for reservations!We started off with the octopus carpaccio and the fried oysters. Both items were tasty and a good starter course with the yummy warm bread. There were 4 good portions of octopus. There was a prix fixe menu, but the entrees that we wanted to try was not on the fixed menu so I really don't recall the pricing of the fixed menu. For the entrees we decided on the popular Uni and Tomato Cream Pasta and the Seafood Pescatore. I've had uni pasta before and I didn't care for it, so I wasn't sure what to expect this time around. WELL....I loved it! I don't think we got as big pieces of uni as other Yelper's photos, but there was definitely an uni flavor and the pasta was cooked perfectly. The Seafood Pescatore had LOADS of seafood (clams, mussels, scallops and shrimp) with perfectly cooked pasta as well with a light tomato sauce. We shared the two entrees (family style) and it was definitely enough for the two and a half of us. I was really stuffed afterwards and it takes a lot to for me to get full. ;)Service was wonderful...maybe a bit too attentive, but at least they were attentive and not the other way around. I know we will be back since it was really delish and the food turn around time was decent. Overall, Trattoria Nakamura-Ya is a gem and it's definitely a place everyone should try.
5	First off and foremost..I am a HUGE HUGE fan of Japanese-Italian cuisine. Japanese-Italian cuisine has actually been a long time cuisine done in Japan. Ever since I had the chance to have it there, I fell in love immediately! In my opinion Japanese-Italian food in Japan, I'd hate to say, blows a lot of highly rated italian venues, whether casual or fine restaurants I've had here in America out the water many times over. But again, that is MY opinion.So I stumbled upon an article that was written about this place earlier this evening. I was convinced to try. It was already nearing 9 p.m. so I was also pleased that this venue closes at midnight.When I arrived, there was a couple standing out front, wondering if they should come into try, when they saw me hastily walk in, they decided to follow. First off, I have to say, WOW! the place is C-L-E-A-N. Very Clean. Even better..The floor is clean!! I am big on clean floors in a restaurant . Call me slighty snobbish, but if notice dirty floors in a restaurant, I will instantly walk out. I cannot handle it. I wouldn't be able to enjoy my food because I would have already lost my appetite on the way in.The set up of the interior and decor is simple, that stuff doesnt matter much to me anyway. As long as the place is clean and smells clean, the service is decent, and the food is overall great, that's whats most important.The italian music they were playing was nice to listen to. The lady waitress came over and brought over a small woven basket. Just like they do it in japan, inside was your silverware, your straw, and your chopsticks, and served with a dinner roll on the side.I ordered the Linguini Tarako and Scallop pasta and I also ordered the kobe beef carpaccio. You have the option of having a small plate or a big plate for the carpaccio..I went for the small in case I needed room to try another plate of antipasto.One of my favorite dishes on the planet is carpaccio, and the two places that  Ive been impressed and perfected the carpaccio platter is  1. Mario Batali's Carnevino and Todd English's Olives carpaccio plate, which happens to be my overall favorite .When I tried the carpaccio here, to say I was really really pleased with the taste! The kobe beef was really fresh, and it .was.good! I like how they used sea salt and not the regular salt, and it was not overly salty. unfortunately it may not be up to par with Carnevino or Olives, but it was nonetheless very very above decent, and I was impressed with it! Very goood carpaccio!!! and tasty!I snacked on the dinner roll while I was looking at the menu to see what else to order but by the time I was deciding to order something else, my pasta arrived!The pasta was served on a long plate so looks can be deceiving. Toppled on the pasta was the fresh Tarako, and saw my scallops. I could not wait to try....OMG! The scallops were so fresh and were not overly cooked!! It was soft and tender, and just downright delicious! There was also just enough Tarako to mix in with your pasta, it turned out just right, not salty at all and just GOOOD. SO GOOD.. The sauce was light but it was filling. Seriously, skip the seasonings, you can forget about it. This pasta didn't need it, it was perfect. The basil, fresh tomato, and a hint of fresh onion and it was so subtle, i forgot that there was any. May I also add that I dont like onions, especially fresh onions in my food?Overall, let me just end this by saying whoever this Chef is, knows EXACTLY what he is doing!! He is doing it good and doing everything right in this place. I am going back this weekend to bring my husband and let him be the judge. He's harder to impress than I am but I am certain he will love this place! I'm looking forward to trying the Uni tomato cream pasta..it just sounds too good, and I will definitely order the Kobe beef carpaccio, only this time I will order myself the bigger plate.Worth my 30 minute drive on a late night weekday. Satisfied my hunger and pregnancy cravings. I'm all smiles and FULL!
5	Just recently discovered this gem hidden by Spring Mountain and Decatur.This place is really small (can only seat about 32) but cutely decorated. We ordered Bruschetta Nakamura (with 3 different toppings) and Wild Fish Kara-age for appetizers. The bruschetta had octopus with wasabi, tuna with cream sauce, mozzarella cheese with anchovies. This was an okay dish, but I will not order it again. However, the wild fish kara-age was delicious! It was in their special menu of the night. It had so much flavor in it. We ordered Konito Meat Cream Sauce and a carbonara sauce with tobiko. The Konito was good, it was like the Japanese version of spaghetti bolognese. My bf had the carbonara sauce was a tad heavy for me, but when you mix it with the tobiko, everything becomes balanced since the tobiko was flavored with wasabi and yuzu. It came out to be a great dish. My bf was raving about it the next day when he had the leftover for lunch.We will be back for sure! Next time we will try the desserts.
4	I finally had a chance to come back to States.  I have been away for a while overseas and it looks like it will stay that way. I was just in Japan 2 weeks ago and had some good stuff!  Funny thing is now I craved Japanese food in US.  While it can be authentic, the little touches make them quite unique that only surfaces here in the States.  So I've been hitting some ramen spots and all in this short trip I made. This place is legit! Very close to what you get in Japan. I've tried many wafu pasta in Japan and the states and so far this place is easily in the top of my list. I tried the special A course (18.99 for one appetizer, one pasta, and one drink) is a deal! I had a chicken salad and my wife had grilled veggies. Good flavor on both of them. The dressing was well flavored and the chicken was cooked on order. The veggies were grilled on order and the sauce was very tasty. I had Asari and mentai (cod roe) pasta and my wife had a kurobuta (pork) and mushroom pasta.  My pasta was pretty good. It was well flavored and I loved the little addition on perilla leaves and seaweed that really gave nice aroma and kick in your mouth. Her pasta was very tasty as well. The mushrooms had nice texture and the pork was delicious. The sauce had a nice smoky flavor and a hint of heat that made it fun to eat. We also had the tiramisu for dessert. It was very smooth and rich at the same time. This is what you expect from a pastry in Japan. Good stuff! =)Only few things I noticed that I couldn't give this place 5 stars. First, the pasta was little soft. (it wasn't bad by any means but it wasn't al dente.  Perhaps it was but at the time we finished the pasta was pretty soft. It's hard when you get a sauce that is pretty thin though)Second, my red wine was chilled.  I know Japanese people like to have the red wines chilled but I don't like it. (I know this is getting more popular as another form of drinking the reds, but it was a little tannic since it was chilled...not saying this is all bad. And I'll stop so I won't piss off the wine enthusiasts. =) )And one last thing, please don't rush us by taking the plates away after 5 seconds of finishing it! We felt really rushed.  But the staffs were wonderful.So, if you are in Vegas and wanting a good wafu pasta, now you know where to go!
4	Yummy yummy~I've been waiting for a place like this in Vegas for years! I remember eating pasta Japanese style when I was younger back home and this place doesn't disappoint. Pasta is al dente and they offer an interesting variety of sauces. I tried the miso carbonara and it had the right amount of miso, not overpowering the light flavor of the cream sauce (meaning, not salty). I also saw on their menu that they offer squid ink pasta, which brought a lot of childhood memories. I'm definitely interested in trying their uni tomato the next time I go here.The ambience is also nice. They were playing Italian music, but I would like to listen to bossa nova with that atmosphere. The service was nice and the server is very willing to answer any questions. The price was reasonable, about the same as that commercialized pasta joint *cough olive *cough garden. Anywho, if you're tired of the same old same old try this place out for a culinary adventure.
4	In the depths of Chinatown west of The Strip, there's a small commercial center that has sprouted several Japanese restaurants that have gained major notoriety around town.  It's become a growing 'Little Tokyo' right before our eyes which is pretty exciting to see in real time.I'll tell you what; even though commercial centers are the bane of this city's cultural identity, actually, I'm not bothered by their facade because it kinda works.  The brick wall with the lantern sconces adds a throw back, old school Italian rustic feel, (which is lot better than other venues have produced).   But with large, untinted windows, there's an openness into the restaurants; with warm lights and action spilling onto the street, it's got character.The menu came in a highly elaborate and complicated sheet, as well as a prix fixe that kept me confused all night (although in the end, it was a bargain to order the prix fixe).  Unfortunately the Pasta dish that I most desired was not included in the Prix Fixe (believe me, I couldn't figure out the system for the life of me), so I had to order a la carte....I ordered a little appetizer off the Specials Board of the evening; Idako Karage -Fried Baby Octopus.  Apart from the zombie-esque/Walking Dead physical similarities of these creatures, (made more grotesque by the light batter its encased) I love this dish, because it's where the similarities between Italian and Japanese become evident; both cultures love Seafood and honor it by showcasing its pure flavor..even in fried form.  The Baby Octopus was fresh, soft in texture with just a hint of brine that reminds you where it's from.  With only four pieces, it was just enough for one to satisfy that craving.The main dish that defines Japanese Italian cuisine is 'Wafu' Pasta - the Japanese love love love Pasta and Wafu Pasta caters to their palate by adding a lot of Seafood that usually is found in traditional Japanese fare.  So with that, the main dish that I had specifically came to enjoy: the Uni Tomato Cream Pasta!  A blend of Tomato and Sea Urchin- definitely a Japanese concept that gives an added complexity to what is a traditional Italian classic. The Uni is definitely background flavor, it's there but subtle-it definitely hits the mouth with a melange of profiles pleasing to the palate.  I loved the fresh cut Basil on top which gave that herb punch, I didn't recognize the added shaved topping, it was crunchy but unnecessary..Now, what accompanied the dish caused an interesting debate in my head; along with the Pasta came two shakers containing Parmesan Cheese and Chili Flakes.  So the question was: to add these condiments or leave the dish in tact? Sounds way too cerebral right? But with the Uni Tomato Cream Sauce, it could cause an unbalance to subtly of the flavor profile.  It was almost a clash, in a way the chef is saying  'add what you want', which is surprising since it's such a well composed plate (and at $27 for Pasta, you'd think the Chef would be pretty adamant about taste profile).So I began eating the dish by itself,  I loved the combined flavors of Tomato and Uni, it had great balance, if not light in it's purity.  And although the Pasta wasn't al dente, (a little soft for me) but still delicious and not a huge distraction from the dish.Consequently,  I shook that shaker full of Parmesan, adding one more component to the profile. The richness of each ingredient became intensely robust, all of a sudden the Tomato Cream was fuller and the pasta was even more addictive.  But it did detract from the subtle Uni, it blanketed the brininess that the Sea Urchin contributed to the sauce. I started an intense search for the pieces of Uni hiding in the Pasta in the hopes of regaining balance.  The dish itself wasn't crowded with whole pieces of luscious Sea Urchin, which made me to believe that it was blended in with the Tomato Cream, but what bits I could find did help.I dared to be even more adventurous and added the Chili Flakes; I absolutely loved the added heat which gave a punch that to me is awesomeness; but again, it detracted from the Uni.  I hazard to guess that many could have gone overboard with these two condiments and have blown away the subtle, sophistication that the dish really holds.  It was a dilemma; by itself it was rather light but pure, the additions pronounced and elevated it,  but ran the risk of drowning out the purity.  I loved this dish and it was almost worth the high price, but I wished that Chef had taken the lead on this one, either by adding more Uni or deliver a calculated amount of condiments already on the dish...Overall, I really enjoyed the dishes that I had at Nakamura-Ya and I will most likely return to have the other Pasta dishes as well as the other offerings that they have.  It's a great place to serve what is 'comfort food' to me.Ratings (Out of Five Stars)Food:          3.5Ambience:  2.75Service:      3.5
4	After a great dinner at a restaurant next door, I had to take my sister to Trattoria Nakamura-Ya so she can eat. There were only 2 diners when we got there at 7pm.  You could either be worried that the food isn't good or be glad that you'll have attentive servers so you don't have to wait forever to eat.  I want to rate this place 3.5 but I can't.I've been to Italy, I've been to Japan and I love Italian and Japanese cuisine.  But put them together?  Hmmm...it's quite strange...but in a good way.We ordered:Iidako kara age (fried octopus) - the tentacles on the octopus (seasoned with salt and pepper, no sauce) were great but the head was rubbery. (3/5)Nakamura-ya bruschetta - you get 3 kinds of bruschetta: pesto-wasabi with octopus, tuna with creamy spicy tomato sauce and mozzarella. (4/5)Miso carbonara  - could've used a bit more Parmigiano Reggiano. (3/5)Kurobuta tonkatsu - It's like a tonkatsu crossed with cordon bleu on tomato sauce.  Yummy! I liked it a lot. It comes with mushrooms, no rice/starch. (5/5)I couldn't finish my food since I was already having an allergic reaction to the octopus (I thought I brought my Benadryl with me but no) plus, I had already eaten.  I'll try their other dishes next time but will definitely get the tonkatsu again.
4	Very delicious.  Nice atmosphere, felt like I was in one of those fancy restaurants they go to in anime.  Would be very good for a date or with friends.  I wouldn't bring kids.  Dessert is a must!
5	This is one of the places I see myself cozy-ing up with a hot tea/coffee on a cold winters day. It's somewhere you'd expect to be taken to on a date night or for nice, long talks with girlfriends. Mind you, it's not an awfully big place so refrain from bringing in parties of more than 6. Trattoria is an elegant little restaurant along Lindell and Spring Mountain that fuses Italian and Japanese concepts into not only in their decor, but also their food. Tables were dimly lit with candles and as you enter, you could see the Japanese chefs preparing your food by what looked like a bar/counter. The ambiance was comfortable to say the least and service was excellent. I believe the server who greeted us with a bow and a smile as we entered managed to retain her sweet composure throughout the night (and I can understand how tiring their job can get) Food-wise, I can't put it in any less of a regard. 2 appetizers, 1 main dish and 2 lemonata drinks added up to only $30 and we were stuffed. My friend suggested the snowy crab salad (spinach, lettuce and shredded snow crab in vinaigrette) and  the Octopus Carpaccio (4 pieces of octopus - bitesized - in mayo and veggies) for appetizer then the Mentaiko Carbonara as our main course, which is basically carbonara (pasta in cream sauce with bacon pieces) mixed in with a special japanese-tasting sauce on top. I believe there was fish egg in there somewhere. Taste was flavorful and it was a best of both worlds (or countries) in every dish. Also, I absolutely loved how there was a black board on the side that listed their top 10 menu options. That way, choosing or knowing what to get isn't a problem. Everyone was friendly and as we motioned to head out, our server greeted us with a sweet 'arigatou gozaimasu', pushed open the door and smiled as we left, but not before doing the traditional Japanese bow. Loved everything about this place and am soooo coming back here soon!
4	The sesame pudding was enough to call me back. I am a sucker for all things sesame. But I come for the pasta, and stay for the desserts. I ordered their sausage and mushroom pasta which was....oh..so..delicious. It definitely was not what I had anticipated, but turned out to be so much better! Get it, and you won't regret it! There wasn't much business when we came in at around nine, which was good for us since we did not wait too long for our food.
4	Super unique Japanese restaurant.  They have 2 awesome combos that allow you to order an appetizer and entree with wine for 20 bucks.There are so many things to try here but my friends and I ordered 3 pasta and I got the Kurobata pork kobe beef patty thingy which was decent. All 4 dishes were pretty tasty and delicious.  Definitely worth trying again.
5	OMG this place is fantastic!  I love Asian foods and this joint Japanese, Italian fusion works well on so many levels.  For starter I had the small beef Carpaccio and simply inhaled it.  So I then ordered green mussels 3 ways.  Loved it.  But then the main course of uni and tomato cream was worthy of all the attention it gets in all the reviews.  For dessert I had a black sesame panna cotta.  Best meal of the year for me by far, so I'll just tell myself Merry Christmas.  They also have two fix price menus which include wine at very reasonable price - I think it was around $30.00.  The restaurant is rather small, but the staff was very friendly and they accompanied me to the door as I was leaving with a big "Domo arigato!" with a deep bow.  WOW, I love this place!!!
5	After getting a recommendation from an acquaintance at our hotel, we came to this late night place which is absolutely fantastic.  Japanese and italian come together in wonderfully light, flavorful and innovative dishes that transport your palate from tasty to WOW!Their jidori and crab salad is minimal yet packed with such flavor that it is refreshing and light.  I had the miso spaghetti with mushrooms it was the most amazing combination I have ever had.  Had there been more of us, I would have ordered many more plates just to try them all, like their squid ink spaghetti and many other mind blowing plates. This place is a definite must visit if you like to expand your flavor palate and go outside of the box with delicious, intense, mouth watering plates that will transport you out of Vegas into another flavor realm.
4	This place is a hidden Las Vegas treat. It's located in the same shopping centre as the overhyped Monta Noodle House. Check a few stores over and you'll find this very mom-pop looking establishment.The restaurant specializes in Japanese ingredients used in Italian preparations. You'll find Uni (Sea Urchin) Pasta which is arguably one of their most popular dishes as well as calamari served escargot style. The Uni Pasta will run you about $25 btw.All of their dishes are pretty unique and for the most part taste delicious. Although some items on the menu aren't stellar in terms of their uniqueness value. I would recommend going for their prix fixe menu which ranges from $20-30? It's a three course meal that comes with a beverage pairing. I always substitute wine or beer with a British Ginger Ale that they carry.THIS GINGER ALE IS AMAZING!!!!!!!I felt that this statement deserved its own paragraph.In closing, I find that I always come here spending a little more than I bargained for. The portions are a bit like tapas, so if you're a big eater, you'll need to order a lot to get full. But aside from that everything is very nice. Food tastes great, service is amazingly helpful, ambiance is unpretentious, and the location is smack-dab in the middle of town. Can't be beat. They have me as a returning customer.
5	I have my siblings in town and I was thinking of places I loved that were sure to impress and had something set up, but then they threw the curveball that dinner has to be late. That knocked pretty much everything off my list, but this place is open until 12am. I hoped it would deliver. Not only was this a hit with everyone, this has been one of the better, unique and reasonably priced meals to be had in our city. Appetizers - They start you off with lovely warm bread. It reminds me of this sweet bread I used to have growing up so I happen to really love their bread buns here. Save some or ask for more to sop up sauce! I got the soft shell crab with balsamic sauce. The crab was crisp and light and the sauce was bold with tanginess, garlic and kind of a umami salty element to it. Diced tomato and a bit of greens went well with it. Definitely was nice. My brother got octopus carpaccio. Very lovely freshness to the octopus and not tough at all. My BF doesn't really like chewy things but that he said was good. I thought olives and diced tomatoes with it would be weird with octopus and the  sauce, but it made sense once you ate it. My sister got mussels escargot style, 3 ways. There was one that looked like it had the garlic balsamic, a spinach cheese and one I couldn't remember the same of. I took a bite of one and it was lovely on toasted bread slices they bring you. Then use some of the soft bread rolls to sop the butter and sauce after! Entrees - I had the special of the day - fresh salmon and ikura / salmon roe fettucine in cream sauce.It had a basil on top so I shredded that to small bits for the pasta and a tiny bit of red pepper sprinkled on it. I love the bit of saltiness from the roe, the herbaceous fragant flavor of the basil with the rich creamy sauce. Rich, flavorful, but in a delicate way... not overpowering at all. Loved mine! My brother got the tomato cream fettucine with broccoli and kurobuta sausage. I liked that the smokiness of the sausage was lightly throughout the sauce. My cousin got a thin spaghetti with jidori chicken which was subtle and good. It had some mustard greens in it and seaweed that set it off. My sister and my boyfriend both got the risotto with mushrooms and kurobuta pork sausage. My BF perfected risotto at home (one of the few things he decided he wanted to learn to cook) and this was perfect consistency and seasoning that impressed even him. My BF wasn't a fan of the sausages as it's sort've hot dog like, but I appreciated the smokiness of it with the creamy risotto and the nice earthy mushrooms (enoki and kinoko).A- la- carte is reasonable enough priced, but for an even better deal they do a pre-fixe of a appetizer, pasta, and a beverage (beer, house wine or soda) for $17.99 or appetizer, specialty entree and beverage for $19.99. It isn't limited either, you pick your own! You can pretty much order most of the menu for the pre fixe, except for the priciest items like the uni pasta or the risotto the BF and my sister ordered. I wanted the special pasta and she let me do it for the  pasta pre-fixe. my brother did pre fixe as well. Just a note they have a website with a menu online but its slightly outdated in that there are a few more items now (and some items are cheaper now than the old menu). It gives you a idea of what to expect though. The quality of food is something that you would think would be double the price it actually is so it feels like a steal of a deal at what they charge. Do not miss the delicate desserts! Black sesame blanc manger - I've had a running joke with David S. because I misread the menu as them serving black sesame on black managers so I had to order it.  Nicely creamy consistency like a brulee, lightly sweet only with the sesame nutty, earthiness showing through. They top it with berries and a bit of cream. Green tea panna cotta with black bean sauce is fantastic too. Great pure matcha flavor and the red bean paste, cream and fruit on top set it off nicely. Nakamura tiramisu- I like Japanese versions of tiramisu as its fluffier and lighter than the American way of doing this Italian dessert. The sponge is fluffier and the cream is more whipped and it's generally less wet. I've really grown a liking for this take. Service was great. Super sweet, friendly, unobtrusive and attentive in that very Japanese hospitable way.  We left a bit after closing and they had zero attitudes about it. Normally people get a bit restless looking even if they aren't saying anything, but she was totally sincere about taking our time. I had to tip her a bit more just for that alone.  This is one of those places I've been meaning to go for the longest time and now I'm kicking myself for not being a regular since day one. I don't  give first time 5 stars as I save it for consistency usually,  but I know this will be undoubtedly a favorite. It was that good!(Yelp 100 Challenge 25/100)
4	browsing through a copy of The Unofficial Guide to Las Vegas 2013 ran across the listing for Trattoria Nakamura-Ya in the restaurant section and decided to try.....We drove to Chinatown area to a nondescript Asian mall and went to this small, but nicely decorated window front restaurant.We enjoyed several of their dishes....and loved everyone of them.   This is a very good Italian Japanese restaurant.   There are many of these in Tokyo but this is the best one we've found in either California or Nevada.Fresh vegetables and meats, good noodles, and so much more.  Enjoyable meal....We enjoyed their  fresh salmon and ikura / salmon roe fettucine in cream sauce and a few other dishes...Friendly and good service.Great place to go in Las Vegas.
5	Nakamura-Ya boasts a wide variety of Italian-Japanese fusion dishes. Some, like the kobe beef carpaccio (more italian style), are more recognizable. While others, like the uni tomato cream spaghetti, have an unusual combination of flavors. There's a really good deal to be found in their prix fixe menu but it's limited to certain dishes. If you wish to venture outside prix fixe, standouts for me were the green mussels escargot-style and the kurobota sausage & kinoko mushroom cream risotto.There's also a large blackboard of number ranked specials on their wall. I suggest making a game of it and going down the list during your many visits to the restaurant. Yes, "visits." You will be coming back and you will probably have a different favorite dish every time.
5	You know, there are a lot of hidden gems in Chinatown; Trattoria Nakamura-Ya is one of them. The restaurant is small and intimate. If you want to live life on the edge, this is a great place to start -- where east meets west. Non-traditional Japanese-Italian cuisine with a twist that'll have your taste buds twirling. If it's your first time here, the Prix Fixe dinner is a great place to start. I was clueless my first time, but the waitress was extremely helpful in explaining the food & making recommendations. My only critique is the the dessert, although very well executed, wasn't to my liking. Everything else was delicious. Give your taste buds something unexpected.
5	This is Part I of my Japanese double dinner in Vegas.First stop:  Trattoria Nakamura-YaI heard amazing things about this place and  thought that the food pics on yelp looked amazingly delicious!  So I made it a priority to stop by during my last trip to Vegas.  Because I wanted to try something different, out of the box, and also their signature dish, I decided on ordering their Uni Tomato Cream Pasta.Uni Tomato Cream Pasta.http://bit.ly/WrL4JSI traveled 500 miles to taste this!  As strange as it sounds, it was amazingly good!  Probably one of the best pasta dishes I've ever had.  The Uni was not as fishy tasting as I thought it would be and that's a good thing for me because I don't like food with an overpowering fishy taste.  Very creamy and filling and the pasta, while cooked to a perfect al dente, had really absorbed the cream and actually melted in your mouth in some parts.  YUM!!  At $28, it's pretty pricey for a spaghetti dish, but I'd definitely order it again.I wish I had more time to try their other menu items, but I had to leave to another dinner.  For now, I had an amazing pasta dish at one of Vegas' best Japanese restaurants.   Trattoria Nakamura-Ya definitely lived up to the hype and I can't wait to come back for another visit!Part II can be read here (http://bit.ly/VkVqtD)......Return to Raku!!
4	I try not to review after only one visit, but this place only has 55 reviews and it deserves some more love! I came here with some friends to celebrate a birthday after we'd seen the restaurant highlighted in  the restaurant edition of Desert Companion. The concept is unique-Italian food with a Japanese twist! When I think of fusion food, I think of gimmicky, poorly-executed dishes that just miss the mark. This isn't the case at Nakamura. This marriage of Japanese and Italian cuisines is full of lots of solid and fresh appetizers, unique main courses and desserts that aren't overtly sweet but full of flavor. First off, this place is tiny. It maybe seats 40 people max, if that (including the bar-ish area). When we got there it was empty, but  by the time we left it was packed and the restaurant had accommodated a party of 10 or so. There were a couple of space heaters keeping the place warm which I thought gave it a homey feel, particularly when the waiter accidentally kicked the one by the check stand a couple of times. It was like having dinner at the house of your goofy but endearing cousin-you can't get mad at him, he's trying so hard!Our waiter was nice, super attentive, and we almost had to shoo him away because he was checking on us so much before we ordered. Service went down after the place got packed, but I can't fault the waiter because he was holding the fort down pretty much by himself. He was helpful with the menu and pointed our attention to their steal of a pre-fixe menu too (which includes two courses and a glass of wine!).We started off with the Jidori fried chicken and the bagna cauda grilled vegetables. The chicken came in perfectly fried little nuggets, was served on a bed of tasty greens and veggie and was enough to split between the three of us. My friends wrinkled their noses when I ordered the bagna cauda veggies (vegetables? really?), but it didn't disappoint. We got a mixture of grilled mushrooms, asparagus, green beans and eggplant I think that were served with this tasty garlicky bagna cauda sauce. It was a nice, light appetizer with a lot of good flavors!For entrees we ordered the miso carbonara spaghetti, sausage and mushroom pasta and the famed tomato uni cream pasta. Each pasta dish came with tongs so there was no awkward dumping of pasta onto plates or failed attempts at twirling strands of spaghetti. I LOVE miso-it's a great way to flavor a lot of things and it gave a great punch to the standard old carbonara. This was definitely my favorite of the three and it didn't hurt that it was topped with crispy bits of pancetta. I am AFRAID of uni. It's definitely an acquired taste and I've had it once. I don't hate it, but it is intimidating to me, so I was hesitant about this dish. The uni was mixed into the sauce so that took some of the intimidation factor out for me and the dish was surprisingly light and fresh! The uni gave it a sort of briny (not offensively so) taste and the tomato was pretty subtle. I didn't hate the sausage/mushroom pasta, but it fell flat to me compared to the other two.Since it was my friend's birthday, the waiter brought out a small dish of sesame seed panna cotta with a birthday candle in it-so cute! I was with two girls who love dessert so it was funny to see how one of them loved the panna cotta and the other hated it. I liked it because it was a mildly sweet dessert-a nice palate cleanser! And this was the exact reason the one who didn't like it, hated it. She thought it wasn't dessert-y enough but that is typical of Japanese desserts-they're very subtle. Oh well, more for me!Nakamura is definitely worth a trip to Chinatown (and worth the trouble to get in and out of the parking lot), especially if you have friends with adventurous appetites! Its unique offerings of Japanese-inspired Italian food make the food memorable and I'll definitely be back.
4	Ok, I'll admit it, I only tried this place because I saw it in the Desert magazine. Right next door to my favorite sushi place, Trattoria faced an uphill battle to win over a skeptical diner who longed for fatty tuna located on the other side of the wall.Like the article in the magazine, I ordered the uni spaghetti. I'm a sell out, I know.Now here's where Trattoria not only won the uphill battle, they took the whole mountain range. Uni, one of the most vile foods I've ever eaten, mixed with noodles, one of my all time favorite foods, caught me by surprise. I didn't savor the dish, I destroyed it! Apparently, licking your plate clean is frowned upon in public, but I wasn't going to let one morsel of food escape. I'm sure they have other outstanding entrees here, but uni spaghetti is my go to dish.
4	I like the setup here.....very clean and friendly service.  We came late at night, and were the only ones there, but did feel a bit rushed.  We were done about 30min before closing, but still felt rushed...oh well.Tried the prix fixe menu, one app, one entree, and one drink.  The only beer available for the special is PBR...surprising for a Japanese spot.  Oh well, at least it was in a bottle!  Ordered some large Kirin afterwards for around $7 a bottle I think.I really enjoyed the appetizers! We started with the Italian spring rolls, which were filled with cheese and other goodies.  Very very small, but it was a good flavor though!  The octopus carpaccio came with 4 nice sized pieces of fairly tender octopus, but what made them stand out was the slight horseradish/wasabi taste in the sauce.  Love the sauce!  Check out the pic :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/trattoria-nakamura-ya-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#tA-uzZzJeePpVo6EXS257wAlso tried the soft shell crab, which was very yummy!  It was cooked perfectly, tender, and flavorful.  I would order this again for sure.  Pic :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/trattoria-nakamura-ya-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#qOLZzn2iiLXtkmiZDK0zrQNow for the entrees :I will say that I LOVE Japanese food.  I LOVE Italian food.  But for some reason, when I combine the two, it didn't blow me away.  Yes, it was good, but it wasn't great to me.  Lots of other people here don't feel this way, but I did.We tried the Spaghetti Asari and Tarako (Clam and Cod Roe) and Miso Carbonara.  The clams and noodles were in a surprisingly sweet sauce. It was good, especially the parts with the roe...wish there was more roe.  I only tried a bite of the Miso Carbonara, but it was another sweet, but milky consistency.  A shot of it :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/trattoria-nakamura-ya-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#NXyqHbabl5GAjyQaz38nOQAnd the miso :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/trattoria-nakamura-ya-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#46f4BD-HMUpebZdT1-ByNwI will be back at some point, but I would be lying if I said it would fix my craving for Japanese food or Italian food....it's just something fun that has it's own niche...for me to give it a go every few months.
5	One of my favorite restaurants, hands down. I love Japanese and Italian food, so this little place is my piece of heaven. Great prices too, very affordable. Not to mention it's always entertaining to watch chefs cook!Anyway, Kirstie M. down here mentioned the snow crab salad, which I suggested to her since it's my favorite. To be honest, I would say try everything, especially the top 10 menu options. I have yet to try a dish I haven't raved on!It's a very quiet restaurant, but all the servers are friendly and helpful. It's perfect to go on with dates (or double dates). The only thing I was sad about was they no longer serve Limonata, but besides that, I have no complaints whatsoever.Just a note: unless you're very hungry, you'd want to share a dish between two people. Portions are good sized for the starving!
4	First of all the service was wonderful.  The mussels three ways was sooo freaking good too.  However I really wasn't a big fan of the miso cabernera, uni cream sauce spaghetti.  Both of them lacked dimension and I got bored of eating them quickly.  The sauce on the miso cabernera was a bit watery and didn't stick to the noodle.  My boyfriend got the waygu hamburger I believe.  It had more of a German feel. Not the type of food that is really for me, however for that style of food it was done excellent.  The sauce on it was very yummy.  So I have high hopes for other things on their menu based on my appetizer.  Maybe I just had bad luck in my pasta picking.  One horribly annoying thing was the amazingly loud table of what appeared to be Japanese business men.  This place isn't really somewhere I would expect to have to deal with that amount of sound, especially when generated by only one table.  I mean they were so loud that I could barely hear my boyfriend, and my ears hurt.  I kinda wanted to toss a small explosive in their direction, not gonna lie.
5	This review is long overdue, but even more necessary after my most recent visit.This is the sister restaurant of Kabuki Dining Bar on Maryland Parkway.  After a very pleasant experience at that location, I was pleased to find them on Spring Mountain and ensuring their complete food focus was purely Japanese Italian.  What would seem like an unusual combination somehow works so lovely together.After taking your food and drink orders, wait patiently as they prepare your warm better and butter for you.First visit:Course B ($20.99):* Octopus Carpaccio - We were expecting 'raw' octopus since it was carpaccio.  But it was still good nonetheless.* Kurobuta Tonkatsu "Nakamura-Ya" Style - The Husband enjoyed this as it was tasty and tender.* Soy Milk Panna Cotta "Okinawa Black Sugar" Sauce - Very good, especially the black sugar sauce.  Yummy!* Spaghetti Uni Tomato Cream ($27.95) - Decadent.Second visit:* Halibut Carpaccio ($14.95) - This came from the daily specials board.  Slices of halibut wrapped around asparagus and sprouts. Olive and radish slices are scattered along the plate with cracked pepper sprinkled on top.* Spaghetti Uni Tomato Cream ($26.95) - I couldn't remember if I had ordered this before and I was dying to order this now.  It was SO good.  So overly decadent with chunks of warm sea urchin weaved in the pasta.  The only thing I could wish for was a bit more basil leaves for the nice contrast.  I can't believe I forgot that I had eaten this before when it's just so good and rich!  I even asked for more bread so I could soak up all the sauce from my plate!Sadly, I've only been here twice. But then again, I'd probably go back and order the Spaghetti Uni Tomato Cream over and over!  There are other things I would love to try here, but this one just grabs me.  Plus, I've been meaning to try their other desserts but I was so full after that last visit.Service was great both times - efficient, pleasant and just right.4.5 stars.
4	I was very satisfied with this place.  Didn't quite know what to expect from a Japanese-Italian fusion restaurant, but went for it!We got the prix fixe A meal.  Really, you can't go wrong with that.  I ordered the octopus carpaccio and the shrimp/mushroom spaghetti.  My husband ordered another octopus appetizer (I can't remember the name) and spaghetti carbonara.  The prix fixe also comes with a beer (PBR only) or glass of wine.Octopus Carpaccio: Sooo good.  Chewy, flavorful, with a spicy aioli type of sauce on top of it.  I liked it a lot.Other Octopus App: These were little WHOLE baby octopus fried calamari style.  It was kind of cool to see a whole octopus in that form, since I'm used to the little rings of calamari.  Those were fun to eat because I love me some tenticles, and they had tons of them!Shrimp/Mushroom Spaghetti: This is going to sound weird, but this dish tasted like Pasta Roni, which was fine by me because I love Pasta Roni, so I was very happy with this dish.  You could definitely taste the mushroom in the sauce, and it was a very generous helping also.Spaghetti Carbonara: I thought this particular dish was bland, but my husband enjoyed it.Overall, I liked the appetizers more than the entrees, but enjoyed my entire meal as a whole.  I would love to come back and try some of their other appetizers and get that octopus carpaccio again!  Nakamura-Ya is a very interesting restaurant concept well executed.
5	I went here on a recommendation from a friend that knew the chef here.The food was awesome.  I a ma  big fan of Italian food in Japan, but I thought that I would never see the same level in the States.  Boy was I wrong.  The pastas are cooked just right, the flavoring is very subtle and they use Japanese ingredients to add a hidden taste to them/If you are a fan of real Italian food, you would love this place.  It gives new meanings and views to pasta. Have a great time
3	too salty
4	I first came across this place in an issue of Desert Companion, they showed a picture of one of the tasty dishes and I knew I had to try it.This hybrid Japanese/Italian place is a very interesting take I've never heard of.  I went safe and got a dish with broccoli, sausage and peppers with an Alfredo sauce. Everything was sauced just right and the broccoli was very crisp which I was impressed considering there is sauce everywhere!Prices are reasonable ranging from $8-13.  They even have a board with the top 10 most popular items which I will utilize for future visits to pick my next dish.  Not sure if I will get adventurous and try something with squid ink, but if I do expect an update!
5	I have to say this was impressive. I read some reviews on this and thought Japanese Italian Fusion sounded good. I have had some Italian food while in Asia before and always found it to be amazing and quite different than what you find here Stateside. Needless to say I was impressed.Ordered the Calamari to start. WOW.. Was huge delicious chunks of garlic bathed squid. Then 3 small baby squids all clamoring to be eaten at a high rate of speed. It was really good and the textures and flavors were a perfect combination.Next.. I ordered the Kurobuta Pork Sausage w/ mushroom and Spaghetti. This was a real treat. It was has ruined all Italian places from this point forward. I am sold on this little place! It was an amazing mix of flavors and spices with noodles that were absolutely done perfectly. It was insane in fat as it was so light in textures but explosive on spices and flavors. Not spicy, but amazing flavors tucking into this sausages and sauce. Insane.. truly one of the best... no I think the best pasta dish I have ever eaten. Was truly a game changer for Italian food from this point forward.My GF ordered up the Uni Tomato Cream Spaghetti. Holy smokes Batman! It was also the bomb and was a series of amazing textures and flavors. There is no real way to describe the spices as they are prevalent but not pushy, just perfect. The Uni was subtle but perfectly placed. The pasta was perfect!I can't wait to go back!
5	Pretty pricy considering the location. Food is totally worth it. Came back three tomes already. Friendly staff. Love the deserts! The uni pasta was great. Also the shrimp and cream mushroom. Will definitely come back.
4	Nice Place, quiet with good music. Feel like small Restaurant in Tokyo. Hot brand , Kobe beef, burger steak are my Favor foods. But just open after 5:00PM.
5	Fantastic! Being Japanese myself, I'm very familiar with the flavors of Italian-Japanese cuisine. I find that it's more calorie friendly than traditional Italian food and requires higher quality ingredients. This place was spot on. Ordered a few dishes and loved all of them. Great staff, very attentive and sweet. I'll be back soon.
4	I liked the idea of the prix fixe menu, yet was a chepo and went with 17.99. I would have liked to try the tomato uni sauce for 2$ more. Service was great, but it was really hot in there when we sat down, it chilled off a little after a while. My pasta was just a little too tough, and I'm familiar with the sausage they use hoping they did in house, but didn't taste any different. Ravioli with spinach and ricotta cooked perfect al dente with tomato cream and shrimp was awesome. I asked if the fresh bread was shokupan and it wasn't but still very good (Pillsbury style) . Still with all my     discrepancies it's worth the trip to try it out fall in love with a dish and go back.
5	I fell in love with their ginger ale. It just tastes purely of ginger ale. Me and my friend go here now and then and we now order the escargo three ways on a regular. It's just delicious! Usually we get all tuna because it's the best one! They're always so accommodating there and if you're a regular, they're surely ten steps ahead of you when it comes to placing your order.
4	Visited December 2012. For starters we ordered the Octopus carpaccio, which was not to flavorful. The octopus was tender, but needed more seasoning. I was dying to try the uni carbonara based on all the enticing pics posted, and it definitely didn't disappoint. The sauce was super creamy with the perfectly cooked pasta. I'm definitely ordering that again. My husband opted for the Wagyu beef hamburg steak. It was a beef patty on mashed potatoes, which he enjoyed thoroughly. Even our young kids liked the food, but I have been training them early to eat unconventional dishes. On our next trip to Vegas, we're returning for sure.
5	Last time I went to Trattoria Nakamura-Ya, I was pretty blown away by their Uni Tomato Cream Spaghetti.  It was so good that I knew I had to give it another visit.  I really wanted to order something different this time, but because I liked it so much this first time, I had to order it again, especially since I traveled all the way from San Francisco and there isn't a restaurant over there that makes anything similar.I also ordered their Kobe Style Beef Carpaccio -- http://bit.ly/11dtNC7This was definitely a great start to my meal.  The beef was very flavorful and I really took my time with this dish.  It was that good!Now I don't really need to say anything more about the Uni Tomato Cream Spaghetti --  http://bit.ly/Zgs3hq It was just as creamy and delicious as the first time I had it.  I'm glad I didn't pass up on it to try something new.  You really can't go wrong with ordering this!Once again, awesome food!  It's definitely become one of my must-go restaurants and next time I visit, I hope to try their other specialty dishes, but I won't be surprised if I end up getting another other of their Uni Tomato Cream Spaghetti!  Oiishi-Delicioso!!!
5	After living in Tokyo for a long time, I'm pretty familiar with Japanese-style Italian food.  This place is as good, if not better, than anything I ever eaten in the Motherland!  The friendly waitress recommended Uni Tomato Cream Spaghetti and it didn't disappoint.  So creamy and delicious!  The soft shell crab was one of the best I've ever had the pleasure of devouring, and the mixed greens with pork shabu-shabu and a lovely sesame oil vinaigrette was mind blowing.  Wash it down with an ice-cold  Kirin Ichiban Shibori on a 104 degree day and well...life is good!  !
5	I'm only rating this based on food. I first have to mention this. I think the chefs need to make some humble pie for the waitress. She snickered at us, made smart comments, very snobby, very matter-of-fact but really she's young and doesn't know any better. As we were leaving my fiance said she gave me a dirty look at what I was wearing, as I was leaving the restaurant and he caught her. She then looked the other way. In Japan... customer service is VERY important. As well as being POLITE and to be very humble. No waitress anywhere should be snobby. She was helpful and was passionate about the food. It was only her attitude that was the only negative in the restaurant. My fiance and I came to the realization that it is unavoidable that we are foodie snob. I personally am a sushi nazi and my comfort food is italian. The first restaurant dish I remember as a kid, was raw baby octopus salad and I've been to Japan. So I know my japanese cuisine. My fiance knows italian like the back of his hand probably because he's been to Italy so many times and being from the UK. So this was the perfect place to go to. StarterWe ordered the Octopus carpaccio and was disappointed only that we didn't order 6 pieces instead of 4. The sauce and octopus was prepped perfectly, and the dried garlic slices were a perfect touch. It given the dish a great  balance.The bruschetta was probably our least favorite probably because I'm not a huge fan on anchovies. If they optioned... truffle oil... that would be great. Or maybe the anchovy would have been more desirable if I had eaten it the reverse order-we should have asked or the waitress should have mentioned that.  On that note... I think the waitress should have had some food knowledge about japanese and italian cuisine. We asked if there was gnocchi on the menu and she had no idea what that was and scoffed at us. I wanted to ask her more things about the menu such as ... is the pasta made fresh here but ... we figured she wouldn't even know. Can I also mention... obnoxious? Soft shell crab was divine but it was oily. It wasn't heavily doused with balsamic sauce which was great because we really wanted to taste the crab. I'll definitely want to try making this dish at home. MainsSpaghetti Uni Tomato Sauce... was the most delicious creation of spaghetti I have ever tasted. I never want to go marinara ever again. Actually it was more of a white sauce.  If I had the choice of the last dish on earth... this is it. When I finished my bowl... I wanted to kiss the cooks! Home run.Linguini Shrimp Scallop pasta... it didn't compare to the Spaghetti Uni so.. any comment regarding it... would be biased. We finished every last of it regardless. It was delish.DessertCreme Brulee... my fiance felt it was the best creme brulee he's ever tasted and he's been to France... many many times and he did not hesitate so say it was the best. While they were torching the top the smell of cooked sugar filled the restaurant. Creme de la Creme.Green Tea panicotta... not too sweet not too bland. It was a perfect balance with the red bean paste. It was my kind of dessert because it wasn't overly sweet like the typical italian restaurant. Overall... completely blown away. We were stuffed but we wanted to order so much more. We had to control ourselves because we knew from now on every time we were in Vegas... we were going to stop here no matter what.
3	Everyone is raving about Uni Tomato CreamSpaghetti but it is just an okay to me, too much spaghetti, little uni and the tomato sauce overpowers the uni taste. i was pretty disappointed since its their signature dish. Oshima uni spaghetti is much better.ExcellentFried OctopusSalmon Capaccio:Mussels Three WayGoodGreen Tea Panna CottaSo-soUni SpaghettiSquid Ink Spaghetti
3	Service is very friendly, food is ok. I expected a little more based on the other reviews. Not bad, not great.
5	Hands down, one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.My husband and I love the shopping center where this is located- it is a foodie's dream... Monta, Raku, Kabuto, etc.  To be honest, we started going to Trattoria Nakamura-Ya because we couldn't get into any of the other restaurants, and it turned out to be a blessing in disguise!The menu is very unique with its Italian-Japenese fusion dishes.  We have tried almost everything on the menu, and by far, the Uni Spaghetti is our favorite and we get it EVERY time we go there.The chefs and waitresses are so friendly.  Every time we go in, we are greeted by name with hugs and given amazing service.  We love this restaurant and it remains one of our go-to places in Vegas.
3	This place is definitely overrated. We had been to many Japanese restaurants in town, and for the price they charge here you can find much better places, such as Naked Fish, Sen of Japan, Y'tara, Ichiza. All of these other restaurants offer superior food with much better ambience.Cons1) ambience is very casual. Not comfortable, nor intimate.2) most of their Italian influenced dishes tasted bland, and salad dressing is simply from the bottle.3) their signature dish the Uni tomato cream spaghetti is very ordinary, definitely not worth the $23 considering how small portioned it is.Pros1) located in a great plaza where you have amazing restaurants such as Raku, Monta, Kabuto. (We came here because we couldn't get into Raku)2) their complimentary bread is warm and tasty.
5	Love the tiramisu!I'm a big fan of this place; the Japanese-inspired pasta dishes are just fantastic. I especially enjoy the mushroom & meat cream sauce.
5	This is an excellent choice for something different here in Las Vegas.  A must try is the Spaghetti Uni Tomato Cream . . . as a matter of fact anything on the specials board.  The service is very very friendly.  This definitely is a must place to go as a change up to the standard restaurants we all always get in a rut going to.  Give it a try and I am sure you will be back again and again.The whole shopping center, where Trattoria Nakamura-Ya is located, is a great foodie destination
3	This would be my second visit here. The first time I was not impressed with the carbonara. For this second visit, we had ordered a plethora of food to taste. 3 way mussels - This was interesting since it was presented in the escargot dish prepared in three styles. I like the variety of the flavors and my favorite was the butter parsley. I did not like that there were 2 small mussels and would have preferred to have one large mussel. Uni Tomato Cream Pasta - was not Uni enough. You can tell there was uni with some of the pieces in the pasta but the taste was not strong enough. I could only tell there was some uni by the after taste it left in my mouth. Maybe the sauce was too creamy? The tomato was more of an accent than for flavor. Kurobuta Tonkatsu - sat on tomato sauce which was what made it Italian. The tomato sauce did not bring anything to the dish, rather than texture and color. The tonkatsu itself was great because it lightly battered and the pork tasted like thin layers of juicy pork.  Soft Shell Crab with balsamic- fried and light. I thought the balsamic would overpower the crab but it didn't. The vinegar added a small tart taste which brought out the fried fresh crabby flavor.Salad - We also ordered a salad to round out the dishes and add some greens. It was straight forward and good but not memorable enough for me to describe in more detail. I know they are suppose to specialize in pasta Japanese Italian style but I don't buy it. I would only come back for the appetizers and to try their desserts.
5	Good service, go early, make a reservation!  Food was excellent - Takara pasta, Kurobuta pork spaghetti, and Wagyu hamburger steak!  Can't go wrong!  Skip the Uni tomato cream - it was ok, and skip dessert - you'll be too full.
4	first expereince here and have heard nothing but good things and was excited to try out the food uni spaghetti was delicious...bruschetta was perfectly toasted and had a lot of great flavors. the mussels (escargot) style wast outstanding. it comes with 3 differnent types and 2 of them were outstanding and 1 was decent. service was quite friendly and attentive. chefs were very friendly and said hello and see you later at the end of the meal. nice btg list and beer list. tv inside on espn always makes it better.
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Fruit casserole slightly soupy.LIKE  Location next to other local favorite spots. The prix fixe menu. The happy hour specials. The service. The top ten list on the wall.LOVE  The delicious food. The fusion concept.
5	The first time I went here, we had fried octopus, bruschetta, miso carbonara and kurobuta tonkatsu(the most memorable dish of the evening). After having dessert next door, I was still hungry. Tonight, my sister and I must've picked two of the best dishes here: spaghetti uni tomato cream and, kurobuta sausage and kinoko mushroom cream risotto (both aren't part of the prix fixe menu options). We started off with Italian spring rolls.Italian Spring Rolls:Prosciutto, basil and mozzarella wrapped in wonton then deep-fried. The flavors were very mild. It could use more basil. The mozzarella was ooey-gooey and the prosciutto added saltiness. 4/5Spaghetti Uni Tomato Cream:You can still see bits of uni. The sauce is a bit creamy and has a hint of uni so it's not overpowering which I think is perfect. If it had more uni flavor to it, it would've been overkill. 5/5Kurobuta Sausage and Kinoko Mushroom Cream Risotto:Slices of sausage and mushrooms in hot and creamy risotto. Their risotto dishes take about 25 minutes to cook so, if you're very hungry or in a rush, you might not want to wait for risotto. The wait was worth it though, this has been one of the most delicious and most inventive version of risotto I've had. It's very filling. I was getting full but there's something about the flavor that kept me wanting to eat more. This may be my favorite dish from Nakamura-ya. 5 (or even more)/5Their dishes are reasonably priced. They have happy hour  from 2-5pm with pasta for $7.99 and appetizer for $3.50. Prix fixe dinner with pasta, appetizer and a drink for $17.99 OR chef's special, appetizer and a drink for $19.99.  Service was good. They'd give you dinner rolls straight from the oven...yum!
1	I was excited to try this place but had a terrible experience.  My wife and I went here for a nice getaway meal but once the "homemade" dinner roll came out.  We ate it and it had a very strong laundry detergent taste to it.  We quietly told the server about it and she went back to talk to owner/chief  I believe.  She came back with a response that shocked us.  She said the bread is from Costco so it's not really their problem.  We brushed it off, but pretty much ruined the rest of the meal.  There was something definitely wrong with the bread but no response.  I told the waitress it's not her fault but we felt the response to the problem was not acceptable.  She said she would mention to owner... Well he responded with $3 off.  Awesome... Didn't want a discount... I wanted the owner to care more about his customers and food than whatever game was playing on the tv he was watching.  Hope no one got sick from the bread.
5	Wow. I loved this. The food was great and the service was friendly. We ordered off their lunch menu and the good was reasonable and delicious. Not much of the fusions foods are found on that menu but the pasta was perfectly cooked and tasted great. I would recommend this place to anyone and I know I'll be coming back more and more!
4	I lived in Japan for almost two years, so I was very excited to find an authentic Japanese Italian Trattoria.The Uni Tomato Cream was nice but I disagree with the most posts that this was the best on the menu.  It was not as good as Capriciossa spaghetti or others from Japan.The best dish that we tried was the shrimp and scallop pasta with creme sauce.  That was a  very worthy dish.  Enjoy
4	This place was awesome, unexpectedly awesome! We ordered soft shell crab (#14) and the snow crab salad (#11). Both were unbelievable. I ordered the Kinoko (#38) and the hubby had Uni Tomato Cream (#50). EVERYTHING was amazing. We will so be coming back!!
4	The venue was a little difficult to locate because the sign is a bit cluttered with their unusually long name. Just look for an Italian flag and bellissimo! You've found it. The inside has a modern interior with a bar at the front by the chefs. I don't recall seeing sushi on the menu, but I feel like it's a nice touch that pays homage to a typical Japanese restaurant. The import beer was nice. I recommend the red rice hitachino. A different take than your average kirin. The bread rolls they give you as wait weren't anything specular but we really enjoyed it, we asked for a second serving ha!  I ordered a salmon fettuccine with ikura and it was a pleasant surprise. I never would've guessed that pasta with a Japanese touch would taste so good.The appetizers are good but nothing out of the ordinary. The jidori chicken is similar to a regular karage chicken served with salad. The calamari was decent but the portions are pretty small.Two things I would return for are the beer and pasta. I wish that I ordered two plates of pasta instead of one dish and appetizers. In my opinion, skip the appetizers and head straight for the pasta with a side of beer.
3	I had originally wanted to try this place because of their Uni Tomato Cream Pasta. People have raved about it, one of my friends raved about it, and one of my friends had wanted to try it. That and I had tried a uni pasta in NYC and fell in love with the flavors so I had to try this ... Three friends and I had wanted to go to Trattoria Nakamura-Ya for lunch but they opened at 2 pm so we settled for a late lunch. So we pretty much went in right as they opened so still empty. But the establishment was nice and quaint. One of my friends and I decided to split an appetizer and an uni tomato cream pasta. We had the kurobuta sausage with a ratatouille sauce appetizer (or at least I think that's what it's called). It was pretty good with a tiny spicy kick to it. I liked it. As for the uni tomato cream pasta ... I have to disagree that it's the best item on the menu. Because if it is, then there's not much to offer. Granted, my statement is kind of bold considering the uni tomato cream pasta is the only pasta dish that I've tried from here. But no worries, I was still not impressed regardless. Don't get me wrong .. it was good, just not the best for me. Of course, I can't blame it all on the restaurant. I have to put partial blame that we are in Las Vegas. The uni that was used in the pasta wasn't fresh. Uni, to me personally, is fabulous when it's sweet but it tastes like ocean/salt water when not fresh. So when you put uni in a pasta that's not fresh, it ruins the whole dish for me, giving it a weird aftertaste along with that. Another note is that because it's a tomato cream sauce, added on to the fact that uni has a creamy consistency, the tomato cream actually fights the uni for the spotlight in this dish. Does that even make sense? Well, I would've thought that the uni would be the spotlight and main ingredient to the dish so you would try to compliment it in every way possible that would show the uni in good light. However, the tomato cream kind of negates that ... instead of complimenting the uni, it balances the uni and almost can cover it completely. I'm kind of glad I shared this dish with my friend. Otherwise, I wouldn't have finished it at all. Anyways, maybe next time I'll try something different on the menu and see how that goes.
4	Wonderful!  The food, service & atmosphere are great.  Miso carbonara is so good without the richness.  Deserts are excellent we had the tiaramisou.  Next time we try the creme brulee.  The staff is gracious and friendly.  We will be back.
5	Amazing place must try!! Had the Spaghetti menntaiko Carbonera and for dessert had the green tea panna cotta with cream and red bean sauce!! Nice a cute place with great Authentic Japanese Italian dishes. With 5 people the service was great starting for Appetizer to dessert.
4	After Jabbawockeez, a small group of yelpers decided to go to Trattoria (Tony had made a reservation for 8 people).  Earl and I were just going to head home since it's a work night.  We were walking out of Luxor but stopped to say bye to Teri and Reggie when they sold us on joining for Uni Pasta at Trattoria for half the usual price due to their 2nd anniversary celebration.  Teri and Reggie told us the same thing that Tony and Nelson had already told us earlier, but T & R quantify it...the usual uni pasta goes for 26 bucks but tonight, it is 13.50.  Of course logic kicks in and I quickly told Earl, "Let's go."  When we arrived, there were people that wanted our table.  Wow, am I glad Tony made the reservation.  Those people then ordered to go and got their food quicker than we did.  But that's alright, we got to taste the food right when it comes out.  Earl and I ordered the uni pasta and squid ink pasta.  We killed the uni pasta within matter of minutes, looked over to our right, Tony had inhaled his way ahead of us.  Then came the squid ink pasta.  It was good, but the uni pasta was too good.  It overshadowed the squid ink pasta.  While Earl and I shared both dishes, Teri and Reggie each got the Uni Pasta and shared the Squid Ink pasta.  Nelson consumed both uni pasta and squid ink pasta. Tony T consumed 2 bowls of uni pasta.  Sylvia loved the uni pasta but didn't eat very much and saving the rest for the following day (unless Nelson decides to eat it for a midnight snack).Moral of this story, try the uni pasta for sure, and where there is room, give squid ink pasta a go.
4	Trattoria Nakamura-Ya celebrated their two year anniversary this past week with 50% off of their two most popular dishes.  The dishes on the special were their Uni Tomato Cream Pasta and their Squid Ink Spaghetti.  A  Japanese Italian fused restaurant... of course I called right away and booked a reservation.My party of 2 had a reservation at 9 and when we got there our table was ready and waiting for us.  The restaurant is on the small side and because of their specials every seated was filled.  So I'm super happy that I made the reservation.  We started our meal with two of their appetizersA small order of their Fried Oysters - They come out really hot so be careful.  The batter was nice and crispy and the oysters were perfectly cooked on the inside.  Their tartar sauce really unnecessary, but it wasn't bad if you like it.  Their Balsamic Soft Shell Crab - I think they should rename it to Garlic Balsamic Soft Shell Crab because there is a very healthy portion of Garlic in this dish.  To me that is a great thing because I love garlic.  The crab was cook beautifully and tasted great, I only wish it was bigger, but what can you do.Now onto the main courses:Squid Ink Spaghetti - This dish was different and fun to order.  The squid ink could be tasted in what I think was a white clam sauce.  I thought it was a good dish, but it does have one drawback.  The squid ink stains your whole mouth black while you are eating it.  So be sure you are ordering with someone you are comfortable with and a first date.  Unit Tomato Cream Pasta - This was so clearly the star of the meal.  It was amazing!  The sauce was creamy and delicious.  You could clearly see the many pieces of Uni in your pasta.  I would have never guess to put those flavors together, but I was amazing.  It was such an amazing treat and for it to be 50% off was unbelievable.  This is must try, even at its full price, if you come hereHappy Anniversary Trattoria Nakamura-Ya!  I hope you have many more anniversaries in the future!
5	Talk about some original Iron Chef (Masahiko Kobe) Italian. It was truly Iron Chef style! Not in the literally sense peeps no secret ingredient or one hour limit.  The top notch quality of the pasta from every component, overall taste, and presentations was nothing short but elegant. Trattoria stands out. Not many places that I think of in Vegas that menu is sort of hybrid or asian/italian. Not that need more reason too go but it was there two year anniversary heard about half price on some there most popular dishes. My dad was in town visiting so talk about perfect time get my bookmark checked off. It one that why did I wait so long.....Dam me.Talk about small restaurant. Thankfully my dad and I went early because if went at any other time would have waited long time (not help that anniversary special so knew the place was going too be packed). They do take reservations never knew since it was my first visit. For sure if your planning on going at busy time and on the weekend making reservation good idea. They have counter area also so if going by yourself no worries about taking up whole table. We shared appetizers had the Grilled Kurobuta Sausage Ratatouille Sauce and Baby Octopus Karaage. The Grilled Kurobuta Sausage was awesome. I could had whole plate of that grilled and sliced be content. They added the Ratatouille sauce too it added another level too the dish. It felt like sausage and peppers minus the pasta. Winnah. The baby Octopus it was ok. Nothing really special just baby octopus fried but fried nice crispy. The star of the show. The Uni Tomato Cream pasta was unreal. Uni if not fresh fresh I never order it at sushi restaurant. I am not that big fan of the texture and so so with the taste. Fresh Uni Huge fan you can taste the difference. Add the tomato cream and Uni perfect blend of goodness.  Adds another level of depth too the sauce cooking out the Uni and all the juices break down Uni essence in every bite. The pasta is cooked too perfect al dente. The portion size is good. Surprised but its heavier dish so by the time finish no room for dessert. One dish always wanted too taste since bookmarked and beyond impressed more like blown away. Sure can't wait too try more pastas!!
4	My first visit was on a Tuesday night, a couple hours to closing and fortunately, this cozy restaurant was empty (the whole plaza was pretty dead)! It was easy to find because of the Italian flag background on their sign and I didn't realize it was next to all the other awesome establishments (Snowflake Shavery, Raku, Monta Ramen, Japanese Curry Zen).Anyway, we sat and were assisted right away. The attentive and pleasant server gave us all the options: regular menu, prie fixe, and specials, but I already knew what I wanted since I've had my eye on this spot for a while. After placing our orders, we were given delicious bread and butter to start with adorable spreading knives.For appetizers, we started with one of the specials, Kurobuta Pork Shabu Shabu Salad (9.50) and the Green Mussel: Three Ways (8.50). The pork was tender and warm served with fresh greens, thinly sliced sweet onions, and miso dressing. Really good and light! The green mussels were prepared with Mentaiko, Parsley Butter, and Sweet Miso. All really, really good. The mussels were cut in half, which made them very manageable with the mini spoons, and baked with their respective seasonings. It was also served with small toasts.Then, we shared the Spaghetti Uni Tomato Cream (26.95) and Spaghetti Miso Carbonara (12.95). Both pastas were perfectly cooked. The uni, tomato, and cream worked so well together. Uni (sea urchin) has its own creaminess and to pair that with cream for the pasta sauce was brilliant. Great flavor. The carbonara was light in flavor and wonderful. Both dishes having cream and being pasta, you imagine heavy and overwhelming, but they have a great balance to prevent that. Very enjoyable and I loved that plastic tongs are given to serve into our individual bowls.Wondeful food, great service, adorable place. Nothing to hate. I can't wait for another meal and preferably when this cold goes away and I can enjoy all the flavors!
4	I googled a place that served squid ink pasta in Las Vegas, and this is one of the places that popped up and was still reasonably priced.  I read the reviews and decided to give it a whirl.  It is nestled in Chinatown right next to Monta and Raku (great places, as well).  Came in for dinner, a party of 4, and were seated right away.  The place is quaint and intimate, yet casual and easygoing.  The server was super sweet, explained the menu, and was very attentive.  For starters we ordered the kobe beef carpaccio and salmon carpaccio.  The kobe beef carpaccio was served beautifully simple--pounded paper thin slices of kobe beef, drizzled with a extra virgin olive oil/ lemon sauce, topped with capers, arugula, and shavings of parmesan.  Really tasty!  It was a little on the chewy side, but the flavor never got too gamey, so I really liked it.  The salmon carpaccio was served up on top of a bed of mixed greens, topped with a citrus sauce, and thin slices of kiwi and oranges.  Also very tasty!  Onto the main courses.  I ordered the squid ink spaghetti, of course.  It has a wonderful garlic flavor.  The hints of squid ink were never overpowering and was perfectly complimented by the few pieces of basil that garnished the pasta.  The pieces of squid were perfectly cooked--not too chewy.  Now, I can't remember the exact names of these dishes, but I'll try my best to describe them lol.  My boyfriend got the shrimp and scallop linguine served in a white cream sauce.  I liked it, but he said it tasted too "seafoody" towards the end.  My friend had the shrimp and asparagus spaghetti served in marinara.  That had a strong asparagus flavor, but delicious as well.  He finished the entire dish; I'm assuming he liked it.  My other friend ordered the uni tomato cream spaghetti.  A little daunting because she's not a fan of uni, my friend was a little hesitant to order this dish, but our server gave it some rave reviews and said it was one of the best sellers.  The uni flavor was not overpowering at all.  Just enough.  Creamy and delicious.  It would be even better if they had served it with another seafood element, like shrimp or langoustines (yum!).Finally, we ordered the black sesame pudding and blanc manger.  It was so satisfying at the end of the meal.  The black sesame pudding was somewhat reminiscent of red bean.  It was perfectly complimented by the creamy, sweet blanc manger ladled on top of the pudding and the fresh strawberry and blackberry that garnished the dessert.  I believe the bill came out to about $125ish without tip; I had also ordered a glass of red wine.  Not bad for the four of us, I would say.  I was definitely glad I gave up my no-pasta rule for this lovely meal!
4	Food was delicious, a little on the pricey side. Uni tomato pasta was the stand out favorite. Squid ink pasta and miso carbonara was alright.
4	I've always wanted to try out this place but never did for some reason... I always ended up at Big Wong or Monta Ramen (seriously this plaza is packed with gems... I need to try Raku too!)  I was pleasantly surprised by the menu and the food.My roommate and I shared a few things.- Nakamura bruschetta- Fettuccini with salmon and roe- Miso carbonaraThe bruschetta was a fun dish.  It has 3 different bruschetta.  1) Spicy tuna 2) Octopus with avocado and wasabi sauce 3) Anchovy and mozarella.  They were all really unique and the flavors meshed very well together.  The wasabi isn't too spicy either!The Fettuccini with salmon and roe was a hearty dish.  The pasta was perfectly al dente and the sauce was creamy without being super heavy.  The chunks of salmon were good and the roe added salty little bursts throughout the meal.The miso carbonara was definitely the favorite.  It wasn't quite as salty but had a mild miso flavor that reminded me exactly of ramen without the soup!  The chunks of bacon were an added bonus that needs to be recognized.  A great pasta dish!I will definitely come back when I am feeling more spendy than Big Wong.  The prix fixe combos are a good idea to get to save money and you get to chose an appetizer, a soda/wine/beer and a pasta.  You just have to be mindful of the limitations with the combos.  The uni tomato cream pasta cannot be in any combo.  I am curious to try it but I don't think I can commit to a $27 pasta dish.  Seems to be the biggest hit here though!  Someone else order it and let me take a bite off your plate :P
2	Items selected:Iced TeaFever Tree Tonic Ginger AleBread and ButterSpaghetti Miso CarbonaraFried Jidori ChickenBruschetta Nakamura-Ya Style - Tuna Spread, Anchovy Mozzarella, Octopus-Mayo-Wasabi-AvocadoItalian Spring RollKurobuta Tonkatsu Nakamura-Ya StyleBlack Sesame Blanc MangerGreen Tea Panna Cotta with Cream & Red Bean SauceBearing in mind that my mother is not the most adventurous of eaters it was with some hesitation that I suggested Trattoria Nakamura-Ya for Saturday dinner but taking into account the strong reviews, affordable price point, convenient location, and willingness to show SEC and BIG-10 Championship games it seemed a safe bet...if only the service would have been remotely competent and I'd avoided the bilious piece of octopus bruschetta.  Truly a small space, the max seating capacity only 32 and just one other diner present when we arrived, it seems perplexing to me that so much of our meal could have gone wrong and even taking into account the language barrier when considering a forgotten order of the Uni Tomato Cream there is still no excuse for plates sitting at the pass long enough to grow tepid or for the soggy, flavorless "spring rolls" and oily though admittedly flavorful chicken.  Speaking to the quality of the mains and giving credit where it is due I will note that aside from the tomatoes accompanying the pork being only room temperature both the Tonkatsu and the Carbonara were innovative and well prepared while the desserts, complimentary on account of the forgotten pasta, were both comfortable if not particularly exciting...not exactly a ringing endorsement and certainly not enough to bring me back with so many better options for both food and service steps away.
5	YUM!I met my darling friend from HS for dinner here. She, my husband, and I shared:Soft shell crabBruschettaUni cream pastasome meat dish, can't remember what it wasPasta with meat sauceBlack sesame blanc magerWe are definitely coming back.It's going to be a challenge to try something new because everything we had was so good we'd probably order the same things again!One con was the parking. The plaza is very small so we parked on a side street and walked over.
4	Amazing experience.... I will eat anything Uni but boy there uni pasta is delicious.... Had the calamari for apps it's a little garlicky for my taste but overall it was fantastic!
3	Today we checked out this place after reading all positive reviews. We stared with the the shabu shabu salad which was great - 4 stars. Next, the 3 preparation mussel appetizer, also great and fun - 4 stars. The 1st main dishes was Miso spaghetti with sausages and mushrooms, yummy!! 4 starts. Next was the squid ink pasta for $19, it is expensive and sadly lacks in any flavor or acceptable qualities - 1 star. I have had several great squid ink dishes in the past, this one lacked any texture or taste... it was very basic. We ate a few bites and moved on to dessert. The dessert was a pudding suggested by the waitress, was amazing and yummy. It's a bit pricy... but lacks on the high quality wow factor for the prices. I would eat again, but only a simple bowl of pasta... for like 8-10$. Its more of a noodle shop then a multi course establishment.  Service staff was great and very friendly.
5	GET THE UNI PASTA!!!!I've been here more than 6 times and every time it's absolutely empty, this place needs to either change their name or change their advertising because their food is DEFINITELY worth the money and is the place to be for a cute date night out or just order to go. This restaurant is one of the best Japanese fusion places I've ever been to.
5	Wonderful, friendly service and pretty good prix fixe special.  I had the miso carbonara which was made very well, not heavy like most carbonaras.  I also had the jidori chicken appetizer, which was light and crispy.  My husband had the Nakamura-ya Katsu and that was really delicious as well!  For dessert we had Black Sesame Blanc Manger, layered with intense, wonderful sesame flavor.  Good atmosphere (though I don't need a TV in there at all) and soft lighting.  I can't wait to come back and try more dishes.
4	TOMATO, UNI, CREAM PASTA!? Delicious!!! This particular dish was like Italian style infused with Japanese, very different but very tasty. I also ordered a half-sized portion of their beef carpaccio, which had a simple clean taste but was pretty good as well. Service here was excellent with the dining experience, and will have me coming back in the future to try something new!
5	What an interesting place. I never expected to try ravioli (not to mention it has a delicious sauce) at a Japanese-Italian fusion restaurant. Needless to say it was delicious. The place is fairly small but that didn't bother us. We also had some tiramisu and black sesame pudding which were both excellent but I enjoyed the tiramisu more.Give this place a chance a chance if you want something different.
4	Excellent. I got the baked tomato gratin and the calamari in a garlic lime sauce.  The waitress was friendly and love the Italian-Mexican theme. The food took a little longer than expected, but the food was well prepared. Nice quiet place. I would definetely go back.
5	I don't like uni.  I don't like it at all.But the Uni Tomato Cream Spaghetti?  To die for! I took a risk and ordered it for the first time 4 visits ago and have not ordered anything else since because I am in love with this pasta.  I'm sure their other dishes are great but this Uni spaghetti is so deliciously sweet and savory that I cannot bring myself to order anything else.  It's that good!Fortunately, I've tasted my friend's food.  My husband really likes their Wagyu beef and kurobuta pork hamburg steak.  He says it's "solid" and he's quite a picky eater.  Others really like the miso carbonara, the squid ink pasta, the Kurobuta Sausage and Mushroom.I say go for gold and get the Uni Tomato Cream Spaghetti.  Do it!
5	Alright, so this is one of those places that only disappoints me when I don't see a  star rating over all. Then again you can't please everyone! Honestly certain people just don't know what good food is or just wants something to complain about. But if you're a foodie and you live to eat, then you would want to order EVERYTHING on their menu!!!Let's face it, this restaurant is Japanese based, so just that right there should tell you it's not gonna be cheap. It's not Chinese or Mexican, (which are generally on the cheap side) so don't call it a rip off, you're getting quality food. The portions are not as big as you like? Oh well I'm sorry isn't that why most of Americans are obese!? Once again, JAPANESE STYLE!!! Honestly though, I have never been disappointed here, if anything is that I could never try EVERYTHING on their menu....The Uni Tomato Cream Pasta is to die for! Their kara-age, ravioli, calamari, smoked mozzarella with tomatoes, and their desserts!  I wish I would have been in town longer just so that I can try more dishes on his menu!!I will be back!
4	I've been meaning to try Nakamura-Ya for ages and finally went with two friends.  Usually when I walked by Nakamura during a Snowflake or Big Wong trip, I would find this place empty but it was full packed on a Friday night!  Good thing they took reservations and my friend shipped it in!We all went for the prix fixe and there's levels if you want to go for a pasta or main course.  I had to order the uni tomato cream pasta since that's what everyone gets and it looked delicious.  It was $6 more.   After tax it came out to $32-35.  So a little pricey but it was good.  i would probably prefer my pasta to be a little more al dente but the sauce was very good...slightly rich with creamy uni-ness.  Shhhh- if you ask for extra bread they'll bring it to you and you can mop up the rest of your sauce up with it. heheI really loved the fried octopus appeteizer.  the octopus carpaccio looked awesome.  i will come back and opt for the $17.99 prix fixe and not upgrade.  With this menu you can order between 15-16 apps and 15-16 pasta entrees.  It's served with a beer/wine/soda for $17.99.  Be sure to save some room for Snowflake right across!
4	I tried this restaurant when they opened about 2.5 years ago and I wasn't a fan at that point.  However, the menu here has expanded 10 fold from the original chalkboard menu options.  They have about 16 different apps ranging from $5-8 dollars and about 16 different pasta entrees ranging from $10-20.  They also have a selection of chef special pastas and entrees as well.  Currently, they have a pre fixe menu for $17.99+ tax that includes an appetizer, pasta entree, house beer/wine or soft drink.  We opted to do the pre fixe since it seemed like a pretty good deal.  They also have a $19.99+tax pre fixe that includes some of their entrees rather than pastas.  They also allow upgrades for $6 additional if you want a chef special pasta.  For the apps we started with the grilled kurobuta sausage in ratatouille sauce.  There was a generous amount of sausage and the sauce you just wanted to mop up with the bread.  The bread comes out fluffy and warm with a hint of sweetness.  We also tried the baby octopus karaage.  The octopus was cooked perfectly but I was hoping for a little more seasoning salt.  Next came the pastas, we tried the fettuccine with salmon and ikura.  The noodles were cooked al dente and the ikura added the right balance of salt.  However, the star was definitely the creamy linguine tarako with scallop and shrimp.  This is slightly sweet, creamy, and salty all the same time.  Delicious!  I didn't have the ginger ale this time around, but I do remember that being a nice refreshing drink the first time I was here.  Don't expect large American/Italian portions of pasta, but overall I'd definitely give this place another shot if you came here during the earlier days of their opening.
5	I've visited Trattoria Nakamura-Ya several times already and hesitant to write a review because I have yet to try other items on the menu before I do so. However, I have come to realize that it's quite difficult to come here and not order the Uni Tomato Cream Pasta or the Squid Ink Pasta. So, I apologize but honestly these two dishes alone has sealed the 5-star deal for me! Even if you've never tried uni or fancied it in general, I believe you'd still enjoy the pasta dish. It's creamy, buttery, with small chunks of uni that seamlessly intertwines its flavor with the base. And so begins the salivating.. -___-"I've eaten here 3 times now and the last two times only the uni pasta was ordered, mainly because I came with people that were fans of uni in general. But, from what I can remember from my very first visit, I really enjoyed the squid ink as well. If it's your first time experiencing squid ink, don't knock it before you try it! It's hard to describe the taste, it's a bit salty, and nothing you'd imagine 'ink' to taste like. Warning: do not have this dish on a first date, it will turn your mouth black :X Nothing some sips of water can't clear up though! Probably the only downside is the price is pretty steep for these pasta dishes ~$27-30 for each plate ..yikes! The upside is that it's large enough to share between two people, well maybe just two girls. They have daily specials as well, and specialty beers, but like I said, I can't help myself but always go straight to one of these two dishes! If you really are not into either of these two dishes and need some recommendations on other menu items, just look up on the wall! They already rank their customer favorites in order for you.
5	We originally planned on eating at Roku but they were booked solid so a quick read of Yelp reviews made our decision about Trattoria Nakamura-Ya, and we're glad we did. The food was AMAZING. We even ordered a squid ink spaghetti for the table just so we could say we tried it, and it was delicious. I would certainly come back again and recommend this Italian Japanese fusion to anyone.
5	The food was expensive for one person. It was worth it. The chef took the times and the food arrive in the timely manner. They bring it out hot and just about right time I finished with one dish. Will return with my mom. But since it cost more. Got the wait for a special occasion and come.
4	Had the Miso Carbonara, AMAZING!!! Will definitely be back for more!
4	No joke.  Umi and tomato cream pasta will rock ur world. Here are other faves: squid ink pasta, miso carbonara, mussels served escargot-ish, chicken karaage.  Small dining room - so its best to head early.  We ventured in right at 2p to avoid the wait.  This is Japanese Italia at its best and it's located right next to Sweets Raku - (save room and head there after).  Pasta bowls are in small servings - we ordered 3 main dishes along with apps for 4 adults - and it fed us all just fine.  Will definitely be back the next time we are in town!
3	I went to this place the other night for the second. The first time I had some pasta in soup base, but I don't remember the name at all. Last night I ordered a Kinoko meat Sauce. It's a mushroom and meat sauce. It was just okay. I would have preferred it if it were creamier. My friend ordered the green mussels escargot style. The bruscheta bread that it was served on was amazing. The mussels not so much, but that could be because I'm not a fun of mussels.  My friend ordered a salad that was part of their special Valentine's Day menu.
5	ADVICE: the idea of Japanese & Italian mixed together does not sound too appeasing -- BUT DON'T JUDGE IT UNTIL YOU TRY THEIR AMAZING CREATIONS! I was pretty skeptic of trying this place but I'm glad I did. Every time I come here I find something new I like. I am not a fan of sea urchin or "uni," but i only had that with sushi. The uni pasta is simply amazing! My sister pushed me to try it as she described uni as the butter of the sea. I love the bruschetta & the deep fried octopus! Also try the GINGER ALE! So crisp and fresh!
5	Japanese-style pasta / Italian!Yeah this category is what we were missing in San Francisco / Silicon Valley area. I'm glad we have a place like this here in Vegas!
4	Love Japanese style Italian :) it was good as I expected! Loved Uni pasta even didn't know the price is quiet high (about $29). So I took off 1 star based on a price lol Went back with another friend and still enjoyed ;-)
5	Growing up in an asian family, mum is always making pasta with soy sauce or something asian. This place gives that a whole new meaning, using uniquely japanese ingredients with italian. We ordered the uni(urchin) tomato pasta and the squid ink pasta. Both were nothing less than amazing! Often, pasta can get a little sickening and oily, but not the ones from here. The urchin was creamy and fresh and works ridiculously well with a tomato based spaghetti. The squid ink was strong and flavoursome with fresh seafood, loved it!Maybe I'm biased because I'm asian, but this place is like every asian mums pasta on steroids. Gonna have to up your game mum...
5	Uni tomato pasta and wagu hamburger steak! Winners. Service was good and friendly. Can't wait to come back for another visit.
5	My new fave spot! The uni linguini is addictive!  I love everything on the menu.  The squid ink spaghetti reminds me of Capricciosa from Guam.  It almost hit home.  I love this place!  The service was fast and friendly.  Casual and kid friendly. Will definitely come back!
5	Really like this place. How could you not. Two of my favorite cuisines, in one! I feel adventurous when I eat here also. haha. Only reason I say that is because the menu is very difficult to get an idea of how the dish is prepared. The items only have dish names, but no real description, so when looking at it, I don't fully understand how it's prepared or how it will come out, but I go for it anyway. Haven't really been let down yet. They offer a great Prix-Fixe menu, which allows you to try a couple of things, for a reasonable price. This is especially good considering I'm never positive what will come out. The Miso Carbonara is pretty darn good, however since trying it here, I've learned to make my own version of it at home and I will say that mine is a little better (sorry) so now I don't order it here anymore. I've ordered the Fettucini Parma Prosciutto Carbonara is really good also. Kind of tastes like fall with the nutmeg. Almost like it was cooked in Egg Nog which might actually be a great idea. Lightbulb!I've also tried the Wagyu Beef & Kurobuta Pork Hamburger Steak which was to die for. Holy cow! So good. The Kurobota Tonkatsu "Nakamura-Ya" style was also really good. Definitely more towards the Italian side, rather that Japanese. I highly recommend trying this place. It was definitely a hidden surprise once we did try it. Oh and the warm dinner roll basket is bomb.
4	Japanese Italian fusion done well. I think this type of fusion can go all wrong easily but Trattoria Nakamura-Ya figured it out without putting a hefty price tag on it. Yes, the uni tomato cream pasta is $27 but it's something you can definitely share with 1-2 other people. I think the best way to approach this restaurant is Italian style aka Family style. Order 1-2 appetizers, one pasta, one meat entree, and maybe finish with a dessert (or go next door to Sweets Raku or Snowflake shavery). Items I recommend: Nakamura Bruschetta, Uni Tomato Cream Pasta, Miso carbonara, and Kurobota Pork. Enjoy!
4	I would say almost better than going to an authentic Italian restaurant! They know their pastas and how much sauce is necessary. Tastes so fresh, my mouth is watering now. You can't beat the price for Deliciousness! Had the clam linguini, so tasteful. Skip the bruschetta and get the octopus balls.
5	This is totally my new favorite Japanese joint in Vegas - I live in Salt Lake City, UT, but grew up in Japan till I was 18, so I am very familiar with Japanese-Italian food, which I will say with respect to other Italian joints, will kick butt any day. :)  If you haven't ever had Japanese-Italian food, this is the place to go. Nakamura-Ya did not disappoint. The restaurant is very clean, and simply decorated - not pretentious at all - but you will find pasta cooked in perfect al dente,  light, fresh, quality ingredients, and carefully flavored sauces that will melt your mouth! They also serve the most delectable warm rolls with butter. I would move to Vegas for these rolls. The service was excellent - drinks, rolls, and our meals came out quickly. The servers fill your water quietly so you can carry out a good conversation without constant interruption. Their house white wine was so fruity and chilled perfectly. The prices are also very reasonable, and the portions are reasonable as well - I personally don't like restaurants that serve you portions enough to feed your family. They serve just enough for you to finish that evening if you're hungry, or a little to take home for lunch if you're a small eater. They also have a cool deal where you can order an beverage, appetizer and entree for $17. What a steal!! This restaurant embodies all that is amazing about Japan. Humble, but excellent!!
4	A friend recommended this Japanese pasta restaurant, and I'm glad I took him up on this.  The pasta dishes are very delicious.  Had the squid ink and the salmon roe pasta and WOW! they were great.  The staff is awesome.  The price, very reasonable. The portions were more than adequate. This is definitely a go to place when in Vegas.
5	We were kind if wary trying this place but I'm sure glad we did! We went in a few days before to take a look at the menu and Tomo helped us out and we decided to go back last night to try it out. Tomo was there again and she remembered us which I always appreciate! She was very knowledgeable about the specials and the menu in general. She helped us decide on appetizers with the specials board. We got an ikura style carpaccio with some kind of white fish and Japanese bruschetta to start. The bruschetta wasn't at all what we were expecting but in a good way! There were three different kinds. One with some cheese and veggies and wasabi mayo and my favorite one was the orangish on in the picture below. For entrees we got a tuna asparagus spaghetti (don't recommend so much) and a ravioli which David loved! Oops I kind of left this in my drafts for a long time so I don't remember anything except that it was a great place and I definitely recommend.
4	The Japanese make Italian food with a nice touch! The restaurant was smaller than what I expected. We sat over by the bar which was cool because we could see the chefs cook right in front of us. The menu was pretty big, there were so many choices. The prices were a bit steep, but if you ordered from the fixed price menu, it came out to be reasonable. The fixed price menu included an appetizer,pasta or chef special, and wine/beer or a soft drink $18 and $20) You were given a choice of the different entrees you could order with the deal and if you wanted to order a dish that was not on the fixed price menu, you would be charged a little bit extra. I ordered their calamari, tomato cream uni pasta, and wine.The calamari was a bit tough but the tomato cream uni pasta was good! My total came to around $28  plus tax. The tomato cream uni pasta by itself was around $27, so they gave us a good deal with the fixed price menu! Service was good too! I would give this place a shot, it was a fun experience :)
4	Great food and service! They have a deal for $17.99 which includes an appetizer, pasta entree and beer/wine/soda.  We each did that special so we tried the fried oysters, Italian spring rolls (cheese filled), bruschetta (3 diff flavors).  We had the meat pasta, shrimp n mushroom pasta and clam pasta. All had wonderful flavors!
4	The Skinny: delicious fusion Japanese interpretation of Italian cuisine makes this a unique experience (3.75) service is always solid (4) value: a little pricey for what it is, you do get a bit of a discount when you order their set menus or come in during happy hour 2-5pm that is valid even during weekends. (3.75 rounded up to a four).We've come here a few times in the past to soak in the Japanese/Italian goodness which is Trattoria Nakamura-Ya. We came in initially when the first opened and while the food was good, it was pretty pricey. Fast forward a few years later, they have instituted a more reasonable set menu pricing as well as a good happy hour which encourages us to come back more frequently.Let me review their happy hour.They have a list of at least 5-6 appy items reasonably priced at $3.50, a list of 5-6 pastas for $7.99 and 3 desserts from $2.50-$3.95. This is a much better deal than their usual set menu pricing (consisting of a appy+pasta+drink) which ranges from $17.99-$19.99 depending on varying choices of appy/pasta combination. FYI - their most popular item - Spaghetti Uni Tomato Cream - is not included in the set menus. Although the happy hour is more limiting than the set menu options, you can get a 3-course meal for about $16 including dessert.So hubs and I tried their happy hour menu yesterday which consisted of fried jidori chicken, Japanese mushroom and chicken salad, Spaghetti tuna and mushroom cream sauce, Spaghetti "takana' and jidori chicken, soymilk panna cotta and black sesame blanc manger.The fried jidori chicken was solid. It was lightly friend so it didn't have a great deal of crispiness to it however it was deliciously juicy and lightly sauced. Served with some spring mix greens and some grape tomatoes, it worked well together.The Japanese mushroom and chicken salad was good as well. I was a little bit scared by the amount of thinly sliced onion on top. However, the slices were ?soaked to dilute the strong flavor which complimented the marinated mushrooms and chicken. Delicate flakes of nori accentuated the umami-ness of the mushroom and unifies the dish as a whole.We were a bit surprised by the takana/jidori combination spaghetti. The spaghetti came in almost a garlicky broth with some mild saltiness of the pickles breaking through. It was a lighter dish which I really appreciated (my husband wasn't a huge fan though). The flavors reminded me of a pork/winter pickle in a chicken noodle soup broth that my dad makes back home.Spaghetti with tuna in a mushroom cream sauce was very good. This is what tuna casserole ought to taste like - the light flavors of fresh mushroom/cream permeates the pasta. The only complaint I have is that it could have used a bit more tuna in the dish to make it more balanced.Dessert was delicious as well. The soymilk panna cotta, although the texture was a little too firm by my tastes to be called a true panna cotta (it's more a pudding), had a good slightly smokey taste from the Okinawa black sugar. The black sesame blanc manger was good - make sure you get your spoon all the way on the bottom of your cup to get the big hit of black sesame.Overall, the cuisine ranks about a 3.75. Factor in the great service and the discounted pricing during happy hour, you could probably bump it up to 4 stars.
5	I had the Uni Creamy Tomato Pasta I must say...WOW 5 out of 5 stars. The ambience is very nice, classy, and intimate. I would definitely come back to this restaurant whenever we are in town. Amazing experience!
5	Thank youuu Cindy C., my friend, fellow Yelper, girl weekend Vegas roomie and fellow foodie for making reservations for us to dine here when we were there for Mother's Day weekend. Can I just swim in a pool of Uni Spaghetti already please?!We started off with their Snow Crab Meat salad which was very light and perfect as a healthy appetizer. And then we of course ordered the popular Uni Spaghetti here which is the main reason why we wanted grub here to begin with. And also ordered a special they had that night, the Salmon & Ikura Fettucine. In a sense we ordered from the Prix Fixe menu. We tried the "house wine" which is what comes with the Prix Fixe menu orders but opted to pay a little more for a glass of one of their other wines that's listed on the wine list (their house wine wasn't all that great).Eating the Uni Spaghetti that night was life changing for me. I seriously would have been much happier we ordered maybe 3-4 orders of that spaghetti alone. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm DEFINITELY coming back here and drowning myself in that spaghetti. :PRecap of that weekend on my YouTube channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFd8kfiZIJY&list=UU5YaBtOxOYqeFEEQ_aW6JiA
5	My husband and I love this place! The quality of the food is always exceptional and the service is amazing. Continues to blow us away.Tonight we had the specials:Seared Branzino carpaccio Soft shell crap appetizer Pasta: Uni tomato creamAnd for dessert: tiramisu "nakamura ya"A hidden gem and we will continue to come back and invite/recommend to friends.
5	Amazing. This place is awesome. It's a mix off Japanese and Italian and it's everything great about both mixed. I haven't been disappointed on any of the entrees I've ordered. Appetizers were delicious too.
4	They are known as a Italian/Japanese fusion restaurant, which makes them very unique. I've come here a couple of times and I haven't been disappointed. Although, it is a bit overpriced. I would suggest going during their happy hour which is from 2pm-5pm every day. I would recommend the spaghetti chicken pasta ($7.99) and for an appetizer the fried chicken ($3-4)  is really good.  So if you wanna try something new I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
5	Tried his top dish today, the uni. Creamiest thing I've ever tasted without the heavy "cream" feeling. I sat at the bar and watched Chef Nakamura work his magic. As he was frying up some clams for me, some grease splattered up and hit his face. Ouch! He was delightful to talk with though. A very charming and humble man.The clams and bruschetta were special. Top notch dining.
5	Yummy bread and amazing pasta dishes!!  Servers were very helpful and gave great recommendations!  The prix fixe dinner menu had great choices and includes a glass of wine  :-)  Can't wait to go back and try another delicious meal.
5	I'm fortunate enough to get to travel to places around the world and Las Vegas has become one of those trips I dread (in my 30s) up until recently when I started exploring off the strip.A great friend recommended this place to me and I have been visiting since. Once back to back nights.I'll echo everyone's favorite dish: Uni Tomato Cream pasta. This place is a gem in a competitive Las Vegas and has led me to explore different restaurants in the area. Love the staff as well!
5	It's the only Japanese-Italian fusion restaurant I know of, so it is as good as it gets. But that reputation is very well deserved at Trattoria Nakamura-Ya, a tiny restaurant in the Chinatown strip mall that houses such greats as Japanese Curry Zen and Monta Ramen. The interior has a bistro-like feel, sparsely but well decorated. Small and cozy, with a view into the kitchen where you can see Chef Nakamura at work. At one point, I managed to catch the chef's eye, gave him a smile and a thumbs up. He smiled and nodded back. Friendly guy :)Our server was super cute, friendly and knowledgable. Her beer recommendations were spot on. Trattoria Nakamura-Ya is beer & wine only, but it is a very well-curated list with quite a few gems. Both beers we were recommended (one Japanese, one Italian) were ones we'd never heard of. Both were absolutely delicious and worked well with our dinner.We ordered the antipasto platter, baby octopus "kara-age", and uni tomato cream linguine. Generous portions and a ton of food, plenty for two. The baby octopus was cute, tender, and delicious with a heavy dusting of salt and pepper. The antipasto plate consisted of two kinds of hot chicken sausages on a bed of sauerkraut with a really nice grainy hot mustard, a thick slice of hot smoked salmon with capers and a tiny kale & radish salad, a bit of gorgonzola and pecorino cheese, bread sticks and crackers. Not your usual cold cuts, olives, and cheese, but delicious nonetheless. We also got two complimentary warm dinner rolls with well-salted butter. They are definitely not afraid of seasoning here, and I'm very appreciative of that! The star of the evening was, of course, the uni tomato cream linguini. The sauce had a wonderful mouth feel, lusciously creamy without feeling heavy or greasy. I was afraid the tomato and cream would overwhelm the delicate uni, but it didn't. The dish tasted of the ocean, lightly briny with the flavor of fresh bright seafood. The sauce clung sensuously to every strand of pasta, sexy and warm. Occasionally, a bit of fresh basil leaf would get tangled up in those long, al dente strands, adding a different dimension to the dish that still all worked in total, hand-holding-and-singing-Kumbaya harmony. Even as I write this, I can feel and taste it. I've vowed to return to Trattoria Nakamura-Ya to eat my way through the menu, but I think I might be stuck at #50.
3	The food was okay, the service left a lot to be desired, and the price didn't help make me feel any better afterwards.Our group of five ordered most of the popular dishes and appetizers.  I got a chance to try the squid ink noodles, the uni noodles,  the carpaccio, sea bass and had a main course of Wagyu hamburg.  It was all just ok.  Nothing horrible but nothing that makes me want to go back and have it again.  As service goes, my visit there made me feel like we were forgotten.  Water refills seemed a difficult task, our bill got switched up, and a guest had to get up and ask for napkins b/c no one even came by to check on us.When we were finished with our meal, we got our checks and divided up our costs and it averaged about $37 a person.  Not to say that's a lot for a dinner but definitely not what I expected for a $$ price tag on yelp.All in all, I wish I had a better experience and who knows, maybe I just didn't know what to expect and that skewed my opinion but I'm not coming back.
3	Tried the spaghetti squid ink, it didn't have much flavor for me.  The uni tomato pasta is pretty good, but it's twice the cost.  The service wasn't all that great, for a pretty small place they weren't very attentive on refilling our waters.All in all, it was an okay place...
3	We went in with high expectations due to the raving reviews on yelp. We ordered the beef carpaccio, fried chicken , and fried sea bass. The beef carpaccio was ok but small portion for the $13 for the large. The sea bass was bland. The saving grace was their karrage . It was extremely juicy especially with the salad on top. For the entree, I ordered the uni tomato pasta. It was good but not fantastic. Definitely not the $27 menu price.  Finally, we ordered the soy milk panacotta. It was ok. Everything here was ok. The service was just that, ok.It feels like raku pricing for Italian food
2	We came here on holiday at the recommendation of Yelp reviews and an interest in something original and all of us were incredibly disappointed; not only was the food relatively flavourless, but the restaurant itself was unpleasant and the prices were extortionate for what you got.The first thing we noticed was the unpleasant smell coming from the kitchen, presumably the mix of Japanese and Italian herbs, but it made the entire night uncomfortable.We then had the squid carpaccio, kara-age fish, Kobe beef, seafood linguini and some sort of cheesy fried pork. The squid and Kobe beef were both very tough while the beef was a meager 4oz, the linguini and pork were both edible but uninspiring and the fish was nothing more than an overpriced, tiny fish and chips.I would not recommend this place if you like food or money, total waste of our time...
2	This place sounded really interesting, but in all honesty it was just OK for me. My friends and I came conveniently during HH hours (3-5p) which had some really great selections, but all of us ventured for other items on the regular menu anyway. I opted for the place's prix-fix menu that gives you the option of one appetizer, one entree, and one "specialty" beverage (i.e. beer, wine, select soft drinks).  I ordered the Soft Shell Crab for appetizer, Spaghetti Mentaiko Carbonara, and got Limonata Pellegrino for my drink.  The Soft Shell Crab appetizer was probably the best part of my meal. It wasn't overtly salty, and deep-fried just enough to not be covered in grease. The mentaiko carbonara, on the other hand, was not so pleasing. This was a white sauce pasta dish with fish roe on top. The roe was great, but the pasta was way too rich for my liking. The cream sauce was way too creamy, and I got sick of it after a while. My friends were also not so sold on their entrees as well. This place is commendable for their valiant creative efforts in bringing Japanese and Italian cuisine into one, but it was not my cup of tea. Appetizers were decent, and I would be interested to try other appetizers if I were to return again.
5	Best Asian fusion I've ever had. They had an incredibly affordable and delicious pre fire menu that came with a beer or wine. The uni pasta and miso carbonara is to die for!
5	Where to start where to start? this place is AMAZING! Walking in I felt extremely welcomed by our server Tomo! she sat us down and I just knew the food was going to be amazing!we started off with the bread and HOLY CRAP! that bread was the best bread ive ever had for real! it was nonetheless uncomparable to any other bread! it was hot out of the oven, had butter on the side! aww man i can eat that all day. We also ordered the Uni Tomato Cream pasta, Fettuccine Salmon and Ikura and the Kobe Beef Carpaccio! Everything was sooo good! I will definitely come here again and again!Tomo was our server and she was awesome!! Her hospitality was spot on and she was always helpful and there when we needed her! I wasnt able to get the other servers name who was helping us out as well! she was awesome herself :) Thank you nakamura! Ill be back soon!
4	"Tokyo style Italian food." This is strange but I love Japanese food. And I love Italian food. But to mix the two could either be amazing or strange, as it turns out, it was amazing. It was rich yet delicate at the same time, casual but super prompt and friendly (as you should expect at any Japanese institution), and affordable!* COMPLIMENTARY ROLLS (3.5 STARS): Pretty standard but soft rolls, the type you might find at Costco. Not sure what the hype is all about here but it was fine.* SOFT SHELL CRAB ($9) - 5 STARS: At the time there was a daily special, $9 for a larger portion of fresh deep-fried soft shell crab. It was crispy and chewy and topped with an amazing concoction of greens and tomatoes. Hard to explain, odd sounding but completely delicious and unique.* MISO CARBONARA ($12.95) - 4.5 STARS: Miso + carbonara are two of my favorite foods it's like they were reading my mind when they designed this dish. Carbonara can often be botched with too much cream or butter to cover up low quality noodles and ingredients. This miso carbonara was on the light side (for a cream dish), a bit soupy and reminded me of a light ramen (which I kind of liked), and delicate but rich in flavor. This was my favorite pasta of the night and also is part of the dinner combo special. * UNI TOMATO CREAM PASTA ($26) - 4 STARS: So creamy and so rich, topped with tons of uni, I could barely finish this. I'm not even an uni person usually, but I'm coming around. This dish was rated their #1 most popular dish so I figured I had to try it. I think this would be a great appetizer to share amongst 4 people but I think too heavy for one person to eat. So glad I ventured off the strip and I hope to come back next time I'm in Vegas for the Miso Carbonara!
3	Its good food, but nothing mind blowing...
4	This is probably THE strangest fusion concept restaurant that I've been to.  Japanese Italian?  I was wary, but pleased!  We have been here 3 times now and it's consistently good.  I liked the squid ink pasta, but it's VERY rich (as it should be) and I couldn't finish it.  I got the miso carbonara.  Definitely more "wet" than a traditional carbonara, but yummy!  I like my carbonara more dry and true (I hate when restaurants add cream).  This didn't seem like cream and I'm guessing the wetness came from the miso.  Service is good and attentive.  One thing I didn't like was that we got a dessert (I believe mochi) that came with toasted almonds.  The nuts were rancid.  Other than that, we think it's great!When the hubby and I get a random craving, we come here and will continue to!
3	I had Trattoria Nakamura bookmarked for a while until I got around to trying it. I was in the mood for pasta and didn't have any  Italian restaurants bookmarked so I decided to give it a try. After looking through the large menu,  I noticed they had two full pages of appetizers, two full pages of entree dishes, and many dishes containing seafood. I wasn't intrigued by any of the appetizers but I wanted to try their tomato cream sauce so I chose the tomato Farsi gratin and for my entree the miso carbonara. They also brought out a plate of sweet bread rolls and a basket filled with chopsticks and utensils. Bread rolls- the bread was sweet and accompanied by hard squares of butter Tomato Farsi gratin- octopus and squid were rubbery; tomato cream sauce was flavorful. In this dish I did not see the fusion of Japanese and Italian ingredients Miso carbonara- I was envisioning a creamy carbonara sauce infused with miso flavor and what I got was a watery sauce containing minimal green onions and bacon which did not enhance the flavor.The taste of this dish did not give me the Japanese Italian integration I was looking for because I could not taste the miso From the appetizer to the entree I tried, the Japanese ingredients were almost non existent in the taste of the dish.
5	This place is awesome. I've been the last two years in a row since I've visited Vegas and both times have been great. Last year I went with a group of 6 and we did the set menus which was fun bc everyone ordered different things and I got to try a lot of the menu.  I can't remember everything we got that time as it's been over a year now. This past labor day weekend we were headed to Vegas again and i suggested going for dinner. A lot of people in our group of 23 already were interested in going so i called to make a reservation.  They were super accommodating and worked with me to put together a set menu that would have something for everyone. We got the mushroom salad, caprese salad, kurabota sausage and fried oysters as appetizers, the Tokyo style Hamburg, uni tomato cream pasta and mimiko meat sauce pasta as entrees. Everything was served family style. I'm honestly not a fan of uni, except for when I had it in Japan but it's not very seafoody here when mixed with the pasta.  I still like cafe mami Hamburg set better (might just be nostalgia) but the one here was pretty good and the meat sauce pasta was interesting. You could taste the meat but it was so well blended in it wasn't like you were chewing chunks of meat. To boot we had a vegetarian in our group who doesn't eat eggs so she couldn't eat any of the entrees so they made a special risotto for her that she said was delicious. Service was awesome both times. Never once had to ask for more water or anything as they were always on top of their game. Go here. Even with cab fare roundtrip it's better and cheaper than any where on the strip.
4	Had the Prosciutto fettuccine and the Kinoco creamy meat sauce with spaghetti with the soft shell crab appetizer. The soft shell crab was excellent and the two main courses were good but in different ways. The fettuccine seemed much more straightforward italian but very good while the kinoco was definitely italian with a distinct japanese influence. Definitely going back to try something more adventurous and would definitely recommend if you're looking for something a little different.
4	We were in Vegas to celebrate my son's 21st birthday and chose this for dinner.  Great atmosphere even though it's small and in a strip center; great waitstaff and more importantly great food.  You won't be disappointed unless you are looking for pretense.
3	Stopped by here by chance to be honest. I went to check out another restaurant in the same complex but had a super long wait. As I was walking around the parking lot, I saw that they had empty places and being hungry as I was, I decided to take the dive instead of wait an hour for the other location. I believe what I ordered was the clam pasta. It was surprisingly pretty good. I didn't have much expectation being that I didn't even plan on visiting this establishment but it got the job done. Price was in the mid teens, which I guess is what you could expect for any sit down dinner. I'll definitely give it another shot and see if any other menu items wows me and can update my review.
4	Fusion from another Universe! Italian and Japanese?  It's a restaurant where the food, although very strange is actually good.  They should get 5 stars just for never of combining Italian and Japanese food - but when the food came out - it was really delicious. Who would have known?  You must try this just to see - food from the oddest of combinations!
5	Wow!  I have been wanting to come here for a few months to try the uni Pasta and I am glad I did.  The salty and fresh uni flavor worked so well with the cream and basil.  This is my new favorite pasta dish!The Happy Hour has a wide selection at very well discounted prices.  The wine is about 40-50 percent off the regular prices with glasses available at $3.50 and $5 plus two types of beer are only $2.50.  They have several pastas available for $7.99 and plenty of appetizers for $3.50.  We tried the fried oysters and bruschetta which were both very fresh and filling.The mussels escargot style were amazing!  Too bad that isn't on the Happy Hour because that was my favorite starter.  We also had the soft shell crab which comes with a strong acidic oil  garlic dressing.  I liked it a lot, but my husband was not a fan because he wanted the crispy fried soft shell crab he was used to.  This spot is definitely worth an early dinner so you can enjoy Happy Hour and also enjoy their popular main courses. The amount of food and drinks we got for $40/person was a steal!  The service was also excellent and the interior of the restaurant was gorgeous and modern - it looks much better on the inside than the outside.
3	Seafood pasta with white sauce was delicious.  The appetizer with the calamari was rather tough, but the sauce was delicious.  I think the crispy fried calamari would have been better.  Their rolls were served warm and very soft...mmm!
2	Idk why they get such a high rated for such a dishes. maybe they never had real Japanese Italian. They smells very bad and most of dishes too salty. They might trying to sell drink thats why it was so salty....  some seafood also smelled and they are trying to kill refrigerator smell tp use extra garlic and pepper, but still smelled. We had family came from Cali and we checke yelp that they wanted to try such a high rated Italian dishes. But it was just such a disappointment.
5	It's about time I review my husband's favorite Vegas restaurant. Actually, I think it's his favorite restaurant in general. If we were to ever move out of Vegas, we would genuinely miss this place. It's one of the places in Vegas that has made us feel at home. I love how the restaurant is never too full and if we find ourselves wanting to go out for dinner on a Friday night, I can count on this place to have an open table. Seriously, I really don't know why there aren't more people here. The waitresses who are usually here are very attentive and do a great job explaining the dishes to newbies. Our favorite dishes are:-Miso Carbonara-Spaghetti with Uni Cream Sauce (since it's pricey, we only order when we're with a larger group)-Wagyu Hamburger Steak (husband's go-to entree)-Kurobuta Sausage & Kinoko Mushroom Cream Risotto (Order this as soon as you sit down so it's ready with the rest of your meal)-Soft Shell Crab appetizer-Hot Green Tea (I love the large mugs they come in!)Who knew Japanese and Italian fare would work so well? There is always something new to try here, and the regular staples are always done consistently well, which will keep us coming back for more!
4	This visit was at least a year overdue, but it was well worth it.As you may be able to tell from the name, Trattoria Nakamura-Ya is an interesting hybrid with roots in Japan and a graft from Italy. I missed out on their 2nd anniversary special of roughly 50% off on two of their signature pastas, and I wasn't about to pass up on the 3rd anniversary when they repeated that offer.I arrived early enough to be the first customer of the day (with nobody else in line, actually) and was seated even without a reservation. I had my eye on the uni tomato cream pasta ($13.50 special, normally $26.95) from the start, but the happy hour menu caught my eye with its selection of eight appetizers for $3.50. It might be worth stopping here for these appetizers and for the $7.95 pastas (or even the alcohol/dessert offers if I'm in the mood), and I definitely couldn't resist ordering a couple of happy hour apps today.I received a complementary bread roll with a pat of butter to start. The bread was warm and soft enough to cut cleanly with the butter knife. The flavors were not unexpected, but it would have been a nice starter even without my appetizers.The first app to come out was the fried oysters. Three average-sized pieces with a great crunch and without offputting flavors, plus fresh accouterments (lemon slice, olive slices, grape tomatoes, arugula, and tartar sauce).The second and final appetizer was the fried jidori chicken. I don't have experience with chicken meat labeled as such, but I thought it was a little more flavorful than an ordinary chicken would be. It was seasoned well, but it did seem a bit oily. I was really glad for the lemon slice to cut through this grease, as well as the lightly dressed salad with grape tomatoes on which the five chicken pieces rested.The uni pasta arrived last. The linguine was perhaps slightly over al dente, but I'm not a stickler. The cream sauce was definitely rich, creamy, and not too thick . I've mostly had uni in raw preparations rather than cooked, but I was able to tell that these sea urchin goodies were of at least pretty good quality. I suggest eating a small piece alone at first to help capture the flavor because it becomes quite subtle when you're trying to detect it against the background of the tomato cream. I'd say that there's just enough uni portion-wise, assuming that you take large bites or don't require uni on every single fork. My main issue is that even one piece of the basil easily overpowers the other flavors. Perhaps I could have had more balanced bites If they'd cut the basil more finely instead of just halving the leaves.Remarkably, I still haven't hit the heavyweights of the oddly named Seoul Plaza (Raku, Sweets Raku, and Kabuto). Having tried most of the other places, however, I can still say that this plaza offers some of the best food in Las Vegas and this restaurant has a distinct menu that you shouldn't overlook.
4	I came here the other night for their anniversary special. 50% off their squid ink pasta and 50% off their Uni Tomato Cream Pasta. My friend and I ordered one of each plus their their shabu shabu salad. Once we ordered, the food came out really quickly or my friend and I were enjoying each other's company. The salad was pretty big for 2 people to share. It had leafy lettuce pieces along with thinly sliced shabu shabu meat. It was pretty good except for the abundant amount of onions. The squid ink pasta was just okay. It made my mouth really black, and I didn't like that I had to keep wiping my mouth off. There wasn't much taste to it. I did really enjoy the uni cream pasta. I normally don't like uni, but you can't taste it. It was very creamy and very delicious. The servers are very fast at working, clearing my plate, refilling water. Too bad the uni pasta is normally $26. Otherwise, I'd totally get it more often!
3	This review is about a month overdue...sorry, I've been busy!!  Experience:  I came with some friends to try out the fusion.  There were probably 8 of us. Food: the food was ok.  It was truly a mix of Japanese and Italian.  I ordered the special where you get a drink, appetizer and meal for a set price. I got the baby octopus and Kinoko meat sauce on Fettuccini. The octopus was delicious!   Perfectly cooked with a light batter.  The pasta was good, but I really struggled with the Asian flavors in the dish. I think I am just too Italian infused by my family and couldn't overcome the strange flavors in my normally Italian spices only sauce.Service: the service was good. That is all I have to say about that. Facility: It's a small place.  We were actually the only folks in the restaurant, but I think it sits around 40 folks. Overall review: Everyone else seed to enjoy it. Just not my thing. I guess when you are raised on pasta sauce one way, it can be difficult to adjust. Even still, I highly recommend you try it, because it's one of those things you should experience for yourself.
3	You want some Italian pasta.  OK, go to Chinatown.  Once there, look for the Japanese restaurant with the Italian flag with Japanese characters.  You're there.  Talk about fusion cuisine.I saw the event on Yelp of the Trattoria's 3rd anniversary special of half off their two most popular dishes for two days only.  I was there before 5 PM so there wasn't a line and I sat at the counter.  I ordered the uni tomato cream pasta, normally $26.95 but on sale for $13.  I ordered some iced oolong  tea and for dessert I got the black sesame milk blancmange.I was brought a can of tea with a glass of ice and a roll with a pat of butter.  Sitting at the counter gave me the chance to watch the two men working to turn out all the pasta that was being sold.  They were working hard as there were several take out orders in addition to the people in the relatively small restaurant.In a reasonable amount of time my pasta was brought to me.  It was very good but I expected more of an uni taste.  The tomato cream flavor was very good but it overwhelmed the uni.  The uni was in the pasta and also chopped in smaller pieces in the sauce. The mint leaves added a great counter flavor to the tomato.  The blancmange was the highlight of the evening.  It was rich without being too sweet.Service was very good.  Friendly servers who were quite busy but attentive.  I may come back to try some of their appetizers, but I think the pasta is overrated and overpriced.
4	Trattoria Nakamura-Ya has been on my Yelp radar for a while now, but it didn't top my list of must-eat places mostly because I've never had uni much less squid ink.  When the bestie invited me to dine there during their 3rd anniversary, the two most popular dishes of Linguini Uni Tomato Cream and the Spaghetti "Ikasumi" Squid Ink were half-off the normal price ($26.95 and $19.95, respectively).  Trusting that girlfriend wouldn't steer me wrong, I figured this would be an excellent time to finally try these exotic (to me) dishes.  Arriving around 6:00pm on a Wednesday, there was a line at the door as expected.  Checking in with the hostess, you can leave your phone number and get a call when your table is ready.  We waited 45 minutes for a table to open up.  Once seated, we were waited on quickly.  We ordered both the uni and squid ink pastas, more than enough for the two of us to share.  The Linguini Uni arrived at the table first and it was definitely delicious; I really loved the tomato cream sauce.  I couldn't really distinguish the taste of the uni, however, so I will have to try uni in another dish some other time.  The squid ink spaghetti came next and I was already getting full from the uni dish.  Other than its black color, this pasta is not as scary as it looked (to me).  If you tasted it blindfolded, you would not expect it to be squid ink or black; it tasted a bit garlicky and was very flavorful.  But, the uni was my favorite of the two and I would have it again.  Japanese and Italian fusion is an interesting concept and I look forward to another visit to try the Miso Carbonara and to have more of the uni.
4	Torn between ratings... 3 or 4 stars?? Went with 4 stars for friendly service and unique dishes. In the same strip mall as Raku, Monta Ramen, Kabuto.
4	Was here Nov 5(?) for their anniversary special:- It was half off for their Uni and the Black pasta dish so I had both.  Uni was tasty, Black dish was ok.  Sapporo Light, I think, in a bottle was $3.95(?) so I enjoyed my refreshment.- In Japan I never went to a trattoria but this place looks authentic (I have been to Jap-Mex fusion places that served taco rice dishes, tastes better than it sounds), from the Japanese staff to the premium decore.- If I had paid full price for those dishes, I would rate this place 3 stars because that's expensive.  Nonetheless, they have $20 three-course prixe fix lunch specials that I've been meaning to try so I will be back.
4	This place never disappoints, great service and food! Menu has a great variety and there are always delicious seasonal choices !
4	Great Fusion.
2	We went last night and tried many different appetizers & pasta dishes.Italian Spring Rolls- we would not order againBruschetta Nakamura-we would not order againFried Jidori Chicken-was okFried Oyster- was okJidori Chicken & Japanese Mushroom Salad-ExcellentMiso Carbonara was excellentSpaghetti Uni Tomato Cream-excellentSquid Ink Spaghetti-Ok but not outstandingKinoko Meat Sauce-Excellent
5	If you've been to Tokyo you'll appreciate that the Japanese take on Italian food is the opposite of American. Small intricate dished beautifully prepared and presented.  This is what you will find here.  I think it's amazing and highly recommend you try it if you are looking for subtle and beautiful food.  It also gets you away from the strip and you can look around China town.
5	The menu has so many items.. Can be a bit overwhelming.. So ask for recommendations.Carpaccio appetizer was delicious.  Interesting take on Italian Japanese dishes.  Wait staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. We are here Friday night at 8pm.. Surprisingly empty.. Think it has to do with the holiday schedule for locals. Definitely a place for locals. Located in small strip mall..next to all the other famous Japanese restaurants.. Like Raku, etc.
4	Saw this next door to Kabuto when we went for dinner and wanted to try it out! We came the next day for an early dinner before going to the airport. Neither of us were too hungry so we got the #1 most popular dish - uni tomato cream linguini ($26) - to share. Service was impeccable and the ambiance of the small restaurant was cozy and homey. Really lovely.Freshly baked butter rolls will be served after you order. They're quite delicious with some really good butter.The pasta came relatively quickly as the restaurant was pretty empty. Portion size was pretty good considering it's uni. I really liked it. The uni was rich and creamy, more sweet than briny. There weren't too many chunks of uni, as to be expected, but if you do get one with a bite of pasta, it's heavenly.The cream sauce is on the heavier side, so if you're eating it on your own, get a starter salad or come hungry.Japanese-style Italian is pretty new in the States so it might take some getting used to. But Nakamura-ya is a great place to go to try it out!
