3	This store has recently replaced the City Stop. So far I've found it to be clean, and with more breaks in the shelving units it's easier to get around in.  There is a line at the register sometimes, but that's the norm for gas station convenience stores. I've noticed some of the pumps not working a couple of times, where they won't take money. Hopefully that's cleared up now.
4	This 7-Eleven used to be a City Stop. I love that we now have Slurpees nearby!The major plus is that there is a sink and the employees can wash their hands before getting you a Big Bite  to snack on :)Today I enjoyed a yummy hot chocolate. I love how chocolaty they are :) The gas changed to Sinclair. I used to not like all the pumps out of order before the store changed and now it is easier to snatch up a pump in the morning.Since it is 7-Eleven the one downside is the Donut prices! 99 cents for the same ringed Donut I can get for 50 cents at Rebel wont cut it for me!The post office is still open on the inside and Capriotti's is still attached next door. One cool thing is most of the employees carried over with the change so I get to still see the cashiers I have gotten to know. I just would have more of a variety for slim jims here! I dislike the 7-Eleven brand jerky.
4	When the wife has the middle of the night munchies, this is where we go!  It's nice to finally have a 7-Eleven close to home. Reminds me of when I was growing up and there are on almost every other corner in Las Vegas.Fortunately, I don't go for the Slurpee or Convenience Store Junk Food anymore.  They do make a good once-in-a-while treat for my young men, however.Even in the middle of the night, this store is busy!Store is clean, the employees are friendly, they stock the Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream here and that is why we go.
4	Not normally a huge fan of 7-Eleven's, they tend to smell like a hundred years of spoiled roller dogs to me.  This one, however is nice. No nasty smell, good selection, and friendly employees.  Plus, it's super convenient to my work. Just watch out for the parking!
2	I suppose this store is new because there's still a banner out front that says "Grand Opening" on it. Every time I go in they are OUT of all the specialty coffees, no matter what time of day I visit. They don't have a lot of things I see in other stores and it's pretty bare bones as far as variety and selection. On the plus side, there is a USPS sub station in back and a Capriotti's Sandwich Shop attached to the store. I only shop there for convenience.  The clerks are always nice, they have at least 5 or 6 different ones. A few of them are clueless about pricing though. There's definitely a price to be paid for convenience sake.
5	This 7-11 is the nicest one I've been to in Las Vegas. I was a fan of 7-11 coffee bars  but since moving here several years ago, I had yet to find a location with a coffee bar as nice as the old neighborhood. This location tops even my old favorites in Cali. Great coffee bar with many selections, cream dispenser and cappuccino machine. It was extremely clean and organized even during morning rush hour. The guy at the register was clean and professional looking as well :) you wont' find that at all locations, so I had to point that out. I'm afraid i'll be spending a lot more on coffee now.
4	I'm here A LOT. I go to Fabulous Freddy's for certain things because of the rewards program they have but I like 7-eleven for certain things too. The parking lot is spacious allowing for plenty a parking and they have a good a mount of gas pumps, but on weekday mornings a lot of people get gas before work and it can get crowded. There is a post office inside where you can drop off packages at any hour and they also supply flat rate shipping boxes. Capriotti's is right next door if you are hungry for something other then a big bite but the drinks are pricey over there so get your drink here at 7-eleven first. The cashiers here are friendly and remember all the regulars.
3	Convenience stores earned their name.  Nothing stands out about this one good or bad.  Quick in. Grabbed my item.  Paid quickly.  Got out.  convenient!
4	Just down the street from home and conveniently located on the correct side of the street allowing for two rights en route from my house to the Highway the only issue with this location is the constant Lola's construction that seems to be making zero progress.  While I really have no idea how the whole "Sinclair" branding works as their awning, signage, and cute green brontosaurus are seen at any number of Shell, BP, or 7-Eleven stations given their willingness to accept credit cards without an upcharge plus the overall cleanliness of their facilities I will continue to seek them out for my gasoline needs until I can afford a Tesla...or until they invent teleportation, whichever comes first.
2	I needed a money order. Went into 7-Eleven they gave quick and service. I was in and out with my money order and a drink 2 minutes.
