4	I went thru the drive-thru and was very pleased. Didn't wait in line very long and my order was correct. I had to wait for fresh fries but that's fine with me. I rather them fresh. The glentleman who told me I was waiting made sure to give me my drink while I wait which is appreciated. He was so polite and even gave me 2 free apple pies for the wait, which I didn't think I waited that long. I drove home and my food was still hot and made correctly! I will return when I'm in that area.
3	Consistent with other Glendale stores. They haven't messed my order up yet.
3	On our way home, and having a bad day with the kids. They wanted Mac D's, I really didn't want to stop here, not a fan of theirs. But I figure the kids can spend some energy in the Play Place? So of course the kids went straight to the Play area, I ordered them a couple of kids meal and spicy chicken sandwich for them. I went ahead and ordered the chicken mcnugget meal, wife and the cheese burger. I am not going to review their food, we all know how it taste. First, The womens bathroom was out of order! They had to use the unisex bathroom by the play place!Second, our kids weren't the only kids who needed to spend some energy their! Must have been at least eight girls total playing there, and I still hear the screaming at night! It was nice just to sit there, relax, and able to talk to the wife. It was a decent time.  Again, fast food is not on the top of my list to visit. But at least the kids had fun!
1	This place is so dysfunctional I ordered a 4piece chicken nugget and got 2 and a half and that's just one of the nasty experiences I've had at this mcdonalds
1	This is the only corporate store I know of in my area and it's the worst McDonald's.  The place is never as clean as it should be and even after remodeling it still looks terrible.  The drive thru takes longer than needed and they always have to run and get their manager for something because they mess up so much.  I've never had a good experience here.  The food tastes about the same as other McDonald's, but not really that great.  Last time I went I ordered a blueberry pomegranate smoothie and there were pieces of chocolate chips in it from them not cleaning the machine.  I am never coming back here again.
1	This is a terrible mcdonalds!  If you order 4 meals in the drive through, you will have to park and will be lucky if they ever come out with your food, and if you get lucky and they do bring your food out, they always forget half the order.  Also half of your order will have sat on the counter while they cook your frys.  Service sucks, and management is worse!  Don't expect much if you eat here...
2	I live down the street from this McDonalds, and I have had many many trips through the drive-through.  First it was the mess up on the coke.  I would say REGULAR coke, please (in a very clean enhanced concise order)  and at the window I would get a Diet Coke.  Many times when they handed me the drink I would say "is this a Regular" and the answer was OH YES.  It was a diet. Now I encounter the UNSWEETED TEA order,.  The ticket says "unsweetened" and when it is handed to me, I ask "is this Unsweet tea:.  Oh yes, and when I am out of line, in the parking lot I take a sip and it is almost half the time sweet tea.  I then, as before, have to park, go inside and get what I ordered. This is just on the drink issues.  Can't even begin to tell how many times they have given me someone else's order ....I have a walking disability so having to park and walk inside  is maddening.  But let me be quick to add, this has happened to many other McDonalds as well.  I guess if we want fast food and have to deal with the drive-in, we are slated to endure this neglectful action.
