4	Sonic!!! Happy hours for drinks - Slushies to go off any diet for - tator tots like those we all grew up eating in school - chili cheese dogs - breakfast all day - loss meals with lots of options - ice cream - drinks with so many combinations much like going to the Jelly Belly factory in Northern California and eating 4 different beans to make an awesome drink!! Only negative - broken cars reader machines. Don't use them if they are broken. The location in Surprise off of Reems and Bell had a big issues with their broken card readers a few years ago. A lot of banking accounts were phished and $$ galore was missing. Of its cracked, it's hacked. Have them run it, get a receipt and check your banking often for theft activity.
4	I have to say that when I am craving chili cheese fries and tater tots this is the place I hit up.  I am a sucker to all the topping on the hot dogs so I still have not tried all the different ones,  I also like the chili cheese fries here.  The tator tots are usually on the salty side, but just right for me....I could almost stuff some in my shorts for later, like Neapolitan Dynamite.  My daughter loves the slushies and she is more of a food critic than me.  I guess I like the drive in look, wish they would encourage car meetups for old cars, that would be cool and fit the theme?  Its good fast food that is not the "norm" hamburger and fries.  Try something different, try Sonics.
4	I really don't know how my son and I ended up at this location? There is one closer to where I live!! Anyway, son was down visiting from the dreaded S.F.!!! Now when we both lived in SoCal, we use to visit a Sonics in Anaheim after hockey practice. So we have always enjoyed Sonic's. We both ordered breakfast, I had their breakfast burrito with bacon. I thought it was good, not to much salt which is good to me! Son had the texas toast breakfast sandwich! Even though we both like the bread, it is a little to large trying to wrap your mouth around it! They were very nice, and got our food out very quickly.
3	Went there last night.  Girl who took my order was barely whispering back to me that I couldn't understand her.  Went there today and after I ordered my food I wanted to quickly add something else but the girl would not respond, pretending she couldn't hear me.  I was so pissed off at this I drove off without paying.  I like sonic but the customer service here is incompetent
3	Easy order but really? We ordered a large chilli cheese fry and when we got home and opened it, it was half empty and no fork given to eat with. Not exactly top notch
4	Just lost my Sonic's virginity. I must say I was pretty satisfied with the good. The burgers are waaaay better than McDonalds and as for the price, it's affordable for on the road. The cherry limeade is a must. Super delish. I would definitely come back but there's not one around where I live. I might be a little bias cause I'm a sucker for burgers. Tater tots were fresh, hot, and crispy.
4	Always super fast service when I come. I cant say much about the food because I only stop by for the drinks. If you don't already know, happy hour is everyday from 2pm-4pm.
5	I have been wanting to write a review about this Sonic location. They are consistently VERY nice, order always correct and hot, and the ONE TIME  we had to wait longer than a couple minutes (this only happened once and we live down the street and order here often) they apologized many times and delivered our order along with coupons for a couple of free sandwiches. For a fast food place they go above and beyond. The McDonalds across the street could learn a thing or two from them hahah :)! Great job running the place and what wonderful staff. Well done, thank you for the great service.
5	I didnt give 5 stars because of food quality but because of consistent quality experiences. I almost always assisted by TJ, that young man is an asset to this company. He is ALWAYS polite and friendly. My order  is NEVER wrong when i get it.  So TJ thank you for not being the typical fast food employee and taking pride in your job and delivering excellent  customer service!
