4	I am a HUGE scrapbooker, and this scrapbook store is probably the best one I have found here in the valley so far.  The selection here is huge, and the prices are fair and reasonable.  Lots of paper, ribbon, stickers and other wonderful scrapbooking items to choose from.  The staff is wonderful, and actually help you with anything you may need.  If you have layout questions, need help with getting the right ribbon, or just questions in general, they really take thier time to answer the question and help you!   They also have a really good setup where if you put your name in the computer, you get monthly discounts, and an extra discount for your birthday.  I think once you spend $100 with the store, you also get an additional discount as well.  They keep a running total of how much you have spent in the computer under your name,and you get an additonal discount once you've hit your $100 mark.The store also has a lab as well, and they hold classes regularly.   I think they charge for most classes, but there may be 1 or 2 that are free.  Check with store on the classes and charges.  If you do work in the lab, they will let you run a tab, so you dont have to pay every time you want to get something for your scrapbook.  The store also has scrap night, for $15, which is pretty typical.  Usually run Friday and/or Saturday nights, and its a blast.  Hourly drawings, worth the $$, and its a lot of fun.Here are the only negatives I could find about the store:A) They charge $5 fee to use the lab.  I don't like paying for lab time, since most other scrapbook stores will let you use thier lab for free.   B) I like to use the lab to scrapbook.  It gets me out of the house, I get to meet other scrapbookers, and I can get supplies that I need as I work.  Being the working professional woman that I am, the only free time I have to scrapbook is the weekends.  What I DONT like, is that getting into the lab is near impossible on the weekends.  Why?  Becuase when they hold classes, the lab is off limits to open scrapbookers like me.  What this means, is that I can shop, but if I am having a scrapbooking weekend, I can't go into the store, and Im stuck scrapping at home.  If theres a class going on, they will not allow you to go in and scrapbook off to the side.  I dont like that.C)  They are closed on Sundays!  Argh!   I wish they would have Sunday hours, but for some reason, they dont.
5	Scrapbooks Etc. is by far the best scrapbook store in AZ!  As the name promises it is definitely Etc. making it a great shop for mixed media artists as well!  You can find paper, rub-ons, ribbons, inks,  stamps, and more.Noteworthy features include:  an entire room of paper (Yes, it is a large room!), a huge wall of ribbon, 20% discount on one item or class PER MONTH once they add you to the computer, and 20% off one entire shopping trip in the month of your birthday!  How can you not love that?
4	This is certainly the biggest scrapbooking store I have been to in the Chandler area.  I had a $3.50 credit from a return a year and a half ago and they still had it on record on their computer so they took it off my purchase.  I was impressed with that, too. I got there shortly before closing so I didn't have a lot of time to look around but they were very knowledgeable and directed me to each item I asked about or told me if they didn't have it.  (4/23/09)
5	I love scrapbooking and this is my favorite scrapbooking store! The first time I went in I was so overwhelmed by everything they had. They have an entire room of rows and rows of paper. They have tons of ribbons and they sell fabric. Anytime I need any scrapbooking supplies I come here.
5	If you have scrapbooking or quilting needs (yes, it's a need, not just a want!) then I urge you strongly to shop here.  I have never left disappointed.  I love their huge selection of ribbon.  I also make a beeline for their large clearance paper section.  And when checking out, I often find the cute necklaces displayed by the register calling to me.  Love this store!!
5	My friend is a serious quilter and she LOVED this store.  It is large, airy and pleasant.  She thought the fabrics were modern - the recent fabric lines from Moda, etc.  She spent an hour there.  They have not only yardage but all kinds of pre-cuts from quarter bundles to jellyrolls.  They also have many patterns and examples of what they would look like when complete.The women who work at the store were nice and very helpful.  They were happy to cut fat quarters from the yardage.  We visited at least a half a dozen quilting stores in the Valley and this was by far the best, according to my friend.
4	I've always been able to find what I need here! Wanting to take some of their wedding classes!
5	My Mom took me here after a rubber stamp convention. I spent way more money here than at the convention ! They have a great selection. It is a gigantic store. They have a designated area for crops and die cutting. They also have a clearance section which I LOVED. There is just so many papers, stamps. stencils , ribbon, etc here to pick from. I like all of the manufacturers that they carry and everything is laid out very nicely. Pretty much everything is listed at retail, but nonetheless, I really like this store!
4	I've been a loyal customer at SBE for over 10 years.  I've been a scrapbooker for a little longer than that, changing my style over the years several times.  SBE has always had what I've needed, when all the others have not.  They have a HUGE selection of everything.  I love all the Bazzill Cardstock choices.  The gals are always super nice and helpful.  They've expanded a few times since I've been going there, and it's always been for the better.  I haven't taken any of the classes they offer, but my daughter has done the kid's class a few times and had a great time.  I don't sew at all, so the fabric side of the store holds no interest to me.  It looks a fabric crafter's wonderland, so I'm sure that for those who enjoy it, SBE has what they want/need.  I love this store, and will continue going for as long as I'm able.
3	This use to be my favorite scrapbook store but since they change the store and now have quilting in half of the store I don't find it appealing anymore. The service staff are all really nice and helpful but somehow the appeal of the store is not as exciting as it use to be.  I have found that you can order from a huge site www.scrapbook.com and if you live in the Mesa area you can pick up your order  at their warehouse which is located on the north west corner of Recker and Main at saves on shipping, they have more products, and the prices are cheaper. Please don't get me wrong I use to love love love Scrapbook ect since I am a die hard scrapper. Will I shop here again?  I don't know
5	Love this store for fabric selection but I'm not a scrapbooker. They offer good discounts and I love their staff. They are always willing to help.
4	A little bit of renovation going on and things have been moved around but still a huge supply of goods.
5	This is my all time FAV store!  OMGosh, they're scrapbook selection is from out of this world!  I always feel like a kid in a candy store when I shop here!
