4	I have heard of the ZuZu for about a year now, but finally made my way to it. I first heard of it when I was camping and there a fine gentleman camping next to me with a soccer team of young children. In apologies for the kids running around my campsite kicking soccer balls into my campfire, he offered me and a friend some corn chili (vegan). I accepted and it was pretty good, not amazing. I started talking to him and it turns out that he is one of the owners of the ZuZu. As I said before, I thought I would give it a shot. It was friday night, but it wasn't busy in there. There were a few groups in there, but there were open tables. My friend had already arrived and was eating a pumpkin chocolate chip muffin and had order a cappuccino. I order the salmon wrap with greek salad and rice. My other friends ordered some tapas (spicy pita) and wine.The food didn't take long in coming out, although my friend's cappuccino took about 15 minutes.The wine was pretty good, it was a merlot and I don't typically enjoy reds, but had no problem drinking this one. The salmon was very enjoyable and salad was pretty good too. The rice was not great and I only ate a couple of spoonfuls. I was full at the end of the meal, which is always a plus in my mind. The counter staff and "wait" staff (they just bring you your food, don't actually get you drinks or anything) were very courteous and friendly. Price was pretty good (I paid 8$) and I will probably hit this place up again.
4	I live a block away from Zuzu and love it.  I can walk over there to treat myself to lunch (usually a sandwich and salad), ice cream, or pick up some spotted cow.  The prices are about what you'd expect at a coffeeshop/cafe, which is why I don't go all that often, but when I do pop in I enjoy it.The cafe is clean, they have the Onion and nice big windows so you can sit and watch the neighborhood while you sip your coffee.
5	Go here for: 1. Courteous, patient service.2. Kids EVERYWHERE (not a bad thing, especially if you're a college student who never sees people under the age of 18). 3. Good reliable sandwiches and some interesting specials. Zuzu's finally got free wi-fi and now there is no reason NOT to go here.  They have everything one could want, from ice cream to beer and wine to outdoor seating to tons of windows to delicious lunches- it is a little out of the way, but that means that the crowd is much different than any other coffee shop downtown and not infested with hipsters and Mac computers.  I certainly don't think these are bad things, the change in atmosphere is just a nice change.  Plus, you can't get garlic aioli like this, on sandwiches or their delicious Mediterranean potatoes, anywhere else in town.
4	Went to Zuzu's on a recommendation from a friend's sister's fiance...great choice.  Had some sort of sandwich named after a road...and it was GREAT.  There was some sort of sauce involved that was just spectacular.YUM.  Cool place, cool location, give it a shot.
5	What a great replacement for the stop-and-go near Vilas Zoo.  Growing up in Madison I used to always wonder why there weren't places like ZuZu's in the Vilas area.  The neighborhood is so peaceful, and it's the perfect atmosphere for a nice sit-down cafe to relax and soak in some sunshine.  ZuZu's provides all of that and more.The place is somewhat split into two sections.  There's a children's play area that has model trains and tracks setup, along with other toys.  I could imagine this getting pretty loud if there was a lot of kids present, but such was not the case when I was there (only 1 kid present).  The rest of the cafe is filled with comfortable lazyboy chairs and booths with tables.  It was a great place to sit and have casual conversation on a Saturday morning, or read a book for a few hours.  For a coffee shop / cafe, ZuZu's has a surprising amount of food options on the menu.  All of them seemed unique, with a Caribbean theme echoing through most of the selections.  They also have a cooler with a variety of beverage choices and some basic grocery goods if you're just stopping by to pickup milk, butter, etc.  Service was prompt and polite.  I only ordered a drink, but a girl in my party had a olive/tomato sandwich and it looked very good.Overall, great place to go if your looking to relax, grab a bite, and enjoy a casual weekend.
4	The setting and layout of Cafe Zuzu couldn't be more perfect: a bright sunny space with lots of windows on a quiet corner right across from Vilas Park. The staff are friendly and helpful, the coffee's great, and there's a good selection of baked goods. But I've gotta deduct a star for the food. My experience has been limited, but the turkey panini I had today was a travesty. I wasn't even sure if there was turkey inside: I had to open it up to find one thin slice of deli turkey inside. They also make their paninis on pita bread, which sounds good in theory but doesn't work nearly as well in reality.  To summarize: great location, great coffee, friendly staff, great for kids. But if you're hungry, scrutinize the menu carefully.
3	A darn good panini. Nice neighborhood cafe...lot's of kids playing..bright colored decor.....good food. The tables rock sometimes...and the tables can be a little sticky...but....a darn good panini!
4	I go to Edgewood and I love going to the zoo since it's free and a great way to get out during the day and do something more interesting than just sit outside. Every time we go we stop at ZuZu's. It's great, I love the food, I love people watching and the street is always busy on a nice day. It's pretty inexpensive, which is great, and I've never had something I didn't like. Perfect place for the Vilas area, love it. The only thing I would say is that there isn't much seating, especially outdoors, so it's hard to find a good spot, and we've ended up just eating on the curb.
2	Peanut butter jelly time?  I think not!  Not sure why the PB&J is only appart of the lunch menu, but if you want one for your child before 11 am, dont count on it.  The two employees were unwilling to relay anything to management (which we believe was skyping on the nearby couches) that it is easier to make a PB&J rather than a smoothie.  The employees only knew to say that it was against the policy to make a PB&J before 11 am.  Anyways, I ordered an egg sandwich with tomato and turkey and it was just an ordinary sandwich in that I could have made the same thing at home, but better because I would have had Tobasco.  I asked for Tobasco but  was offered their homemade "chili" sauce, which tasted like pureed sundried tomatoes with chili powder.  It wasn't bad, but I enjoy the bite of Tobasco with my eggs.  Anywhoo, so if that was management relaxing on the couches, then shame on you for not standing up to defend your strict PB&J policy and invest in a lil Tobasco!
3	I like the location near the zoo, the atmosphere and room is nice with an outside eating area.   I've only been here once but I was disappointed with the pita panini I ordered.   It was quite large with a large slice of turkey and some cheese in the middle.  It just wasn't that flavorful and the whole thing was less than 1 inch thick.  It was adequate but I would never order it again.  The soup was fine but also nothing to write home about.  I will probably stop by again sometime and try something else.   The turkey panini really needs improvement.  I want it thicker with thicker pita and maybe some sprouts.  Layer the turkey and maybe do some other flavor things with it.
3	A cool, hip cafe that I stopped at briefly on my way to a Sunday Funday meetup in a nearby park during my weekend visit to Madison. It has a fun vibe and vibrant color scheme, reminiscent of places like Starliner Diner in Columbus, Papermoon Diner in Baltimore and the like. I only got a mocha having already eaten breakfast, but if I were a local, I could see this being the type of place I visited regularly. Very, very large patio, by the way.
2	I really want to like this place. I've been there with my two year old son about four or five times in the last year in conjunction with our trips to he zoo. I think in the future we'll pack a picnic lunch and just eat at the zoo. While there are many signs that this will be a child-friendly experience, I can't say we've ever gotten that vibe. Examples of this are the luke warm service and signs around the place about strollers not being allowed, and not letting your child play with the water dispenser - understandable requests, just not delivered in the friendliest of ways. The food, while seemingly fresh and local, is quite skimpy and pricey for what you actually get. For example, the child's turkey sandwich is one slice of turkey in between two pieces of pita. In theory, this place is fantastic. In practice, I think we're done with it. Some better customer service would go a long way to improve the experience.
2	I was not impressed by this place.  For $10 I got $6 worth of food.  My pita consisted of cheese, the occasional red pepper, and one slice of lunch meat turkey, but was mostly bread.  The soup, which was the best part of the meal, tasted like it came from a can.
2	Over priced and just average enjoy it urban hipsters.
3	The service wasn't very friendly. The self-serve ice cold water was nice though! I had my two-year-old with me. Judging from the overall look of the place and the crowd they must draw (visitors of the Henry Vilas Zoo from across the street) I thought they'd be child-friendly but it appears to be otherwise. Ice cream was ok. Outside seating was nice. However, next time, I wouldn't make it a priority to stop here after visiting the zoo but I wouldn't mind getting treats from here again if I absolutely have to.
5	Please excuse if my descriptions are too spacey or vague in this review as my pallet is currently in a state of pure euphoria and it's slowly seeping into my head. This is my first time here. I had a small Alterra Americano and I was not let down. I sipped my steaming beverage and did some work for a while.Hours later, here I sit with one of the (if not the) best bowl of soup I have ever had during my short 21 years here on earth. It's the Jarre soup, a smooth tomato base with tender chicken, long grain brown rice, garbanzo beans, and a SPECTACULAR hint of mint. The closest thing I can compare it to is a light Thai soup/noodle dish. This is because the soup has several finely layered flavors that fire at your tongue like a semi-automatic rifle as soon as the spoon is in your mouth.Go to Zu Zu's. Eat the jarre soup.
2	The restaurant was nothing wonderful.  The dining area seemed dirty.  The kitchen seemed slightly unkept and the staff unfriendly.  Unfortunately the toys are mostly dirty, broken and/or unkept.  The toys in sandbox, on our visit this past summer, were simply dangerous for kids.  Every plastic sand toy was either broken or cracked.  The women's bathroom was appalling...everything seemed dirty and/or broken.  Toilet paper roll was barely hanging on by one screw.  We had often talked of visiting ZuZu Cafe but we will not be visiting again.  Too bad because the place seemed to have promise and potential.  A little extra care and attention to detail would improve this restaurant and give it a true character.
4	Stopped in here for a quick coffee and breakfast, but we got there a little after 11, which is when they stop serving breakfast. Sad face. Got the hummus plate instead; LOVE their hummus. Lots of bright lemon-y notes, and a giant, generous dollop of hummus. Not enough pita bread to soak it all up; that's ok, hummus is also a good salad dressing. Giardinara is a surprisingly appropriate addition to hummus. The pita wedges were piping hot and delicious with tomato and cucumber. Their hours are 7am-7pm and they sell wine. Short walk from my house, win-win.
4	I am very glad to have ZuZu within walking distance from my apartment. This place makes Vilas neighborhood much more attractive. I have always enjoyed zuzu's coffee and food. They are not spectacular, but I don't have any complaint. Nonetheless, if you are looking for a hipsters' cafe, then you'll be disappointed. It is really a family style cafe-restaurant than a place to bring your laptop to work. It's a great place to stop before or after your visit to the Henry Vilas Zoo. Interestingly, they also sell milk and cheese in their mini market in the cafe. I don't know how many customers take advantage of it, but could be pretty convenient for people who don't want to travel far for some basic grocery items.
2	I just visited Zuzu's with the family.  We'd never been there before and knew nothing about it (stumbled upon), so we took a few minutes to read the menu (like 2-3, maybe).  Despite the fact that there were no other customers waiting, the cashier grew obviously impatient with us and was fairly rude.  Maybe it was too early and *he* hadn't had his coffee, but breakfast was not off to a good start.DH liked both his latte and his breakfast.  The coffee I had was OK - not great, but fine.   But the blueberry muffin I got to split with my daughter was inedible.  It was  dry on the outside (as though it were a few days old?) but raw inside.  I've never had a baked good that bad before.  I probably should've brought it to their attention, but after the initial bad experience I didn't really want to interact with the barista/cashier guy again.I've subsequently heard that this place is great if you know what to order, and that it's better for lunch than breakfast.  And it's possible the staff person was just having  a bad day.  So, maybe we'll give them another chance at some point.  But first impression was not a good one.
3	Overpriced, terrible hot chocolate.  Got a hot chocolate to go before heading to the zoo, and didnt drink it until I parked.  It tasted like dishwater with splash of chocolate.  Nobody wanted it, and I ended up throwing it out.  If I wasn't parked and walking into the zoo, I would have gone back and made them drink it.  Waste of four dollars (which could buy a case of powder mix at the store).
4	Stopped here for lunch with a friend before we headed out of town!  Everyone was stoked about their meals!  I chose the hummus plate which featured a variety of veggies and pita bread with a good portion of hummus!  It was pretty small for the 8.99 price but the taste made me forget about that awful quick! I also got a vegan brownie to share, and that was the highlight of the of the lunch for sure!  Absolutely Dino-mite!  I wanted another one and I was bummed I shared the whole thing. :) All and All a good spot and they have outdoor seating which would have been lovely if the weather was better!
5	I write a food blog and have a section on it called "50 ways to love a chickpea." It should therefore go without saying that when I walked into ZuZu and saw the brunch special l started to weep uncontrollable tears of joy. The Lablabi  is a thick, tomato-y soup with TONS of chickpeas and Moroccan spices (HELLO EVERYTHING I LIKE). It normally comes with a fried egg on top (I opted out), and has great value at $3.96 per bowl. The menu is short but sweet. They have super tasty Mediterranean wraps (I tried the Henry... when I returned for the second day in a row...) and panini. They even have vegan brownies which are more like slices of cake and are delicious!The outdoor seating is divine the three months of the year that it's warm here ;) There's lots of seating and it's adjacent to Vilas Park and the zoo. I wish I had found this place sooner!
5	A friend and I stopped by the ZuZu Cafe with our brood of small children after a trip to the zoo.  I was extremely impressed with both the atmosphere and the food.  There were plenty of open tables, as well as a nice outdoor area. I've heard there is a sandbox, but that was not open the day we were there. They also had a small children's space with books and  few toys. The staff was very friendly and just smiled when our kids acted...well...like kids often act.As for the food, I had "The Henry" which a hummus and vegetable pita. It was excellent!  The pita was tasty and the hummus was very flavorful. The veggies looked like they might have been picked from somebody's garden.  Seriously - super fresh!!  I ate the entire thing in about five minutes because it was so good I couldn't put it down. My friend had the hummus plate which was equally delicious, and my kids ate "the CHOCOLATE sandwich!!!" aka: a Nutella pita. They were very, very excited about this. We also got two cookies to share: a snickerdoodle and a peanut butter chocolate chip cookie. Both were fantastic. Soft and sooo good. I may or may not have kept all of the peanut butter chocolate chip one for myself.  The prices were decent - I wouldn't say "cheap" but definitely on par with what I am willing to pay to eat at a quality local eatery.  I feel like a cafe next to the zoo called "Zuzu" could very easily have been a hokey, overpriced restaurant with mediocre food, but these guys did it right.  Good service and excellent food. I can't wait to go back and try "The Spooner." ;)
2	So close yet so far away...From the street Zuzu Cafe look colorful, warm and inviting.  As you walk through the door you get a whole different impression.While the interior is has the same vibrant color scheme i found myself less than impressed.  Every counter, chair and table look worn and gives the impression that maintenance is not a priority for the owners.I inquired about gluten free menu options and was looked at like I was from another planet.  Undaunted I searched the menu for something I might be able to eat finding some breakfast burritos served on a tortilla.  I asked if they could make it with a corn tortilla instead of flour but without checking with anyone the server said sheepishly that it wasn't his call.  I considered pursuing the matter with the manager but since the employee behind the counter so uncomfortably with my request for a substitution I surmised that his experience discussing menu changes with management in the past was less than productive.I settled for Cafe Mocha which was not bad but I can get good coffee almost anywhere in Madison.Too bad!  This could be a great little diner with a good cleaning, some minor menu tweaks and some attitude adjustment by management.
5	I had been waiting and waiting to go back to the ZuZu to try "The Spooner" which is a panini with pesto, mozzarella, and tomatoes.  I realize this is a super common, super simple combination, but I was blown away. It was so, so, so good.  By far one of the best of its kind.  I LOVE this restaurant. I would eat here every day if I could!
4	Great sandwich, nice outdoor area, great find! The Monroe, turkey panini was delicious. Good sangria. Makes the short list!
