5	I was shopping one day at Aveda in Chandler Mall and was discussing hair products, etc.. with the staff when they informed me of this place.  I had no idea that a gym would also offer a full service salon and day spa.  Much to my surprise LifeSpa is an Aveda concept salon/spa meaning that they solely use Aveda products in all of their beauty treatments.  If  you are familiar with Aveda then you know they are a company based on using pure flower and plant essences.  I booked my hair appointment with hesitation since I had a bad hair experience in the past that always makes me gun shy to try something new.  When I arrived I was greeted with a hot cup of the Aveda tea!   I love their tea and look forward to it every time I come here or visit the store in the mall.  I found the interior to be more organic and natural feeling than I expected (since it's located inside the Lifetime Fitness Gym).  I was introduced to Monique (my stylist) and she actually took the time to do a true consultation about my hair: what I wanted, what I had in the past, short term goals, long term goals, color, texture and on and on.  I wanted to put color in my hair and she and I discussed lowlights and highlights.  I was very impressed by the amount of time she put into figuring out my hair and what would look best.  When I started going here in winter of 2005 my hair could barely tuck behind my ears and now I have hair that is a few inches below my shoulders!  Monique made the hair growing experience less painful than it had to be.  She always trimmed and styled my hair according to the stage of growth!Since 2005 I have moved to the central Phx area but still make the drive out to Gilbert to see her because she is amazing and I have complete trust in her abilities.  If you are in the area please check them out.  I have not tried any spa treatments there (mainly due to the amount of money I spend on the hair)!  I do get low and high lights so the bill usually comes in around $120ish but I feel it's worth it since I only get my hair treated once every 3 months.FYI:  You don't have to be a member of the gym to use the salon/day spa.
5	My review is mostly for Julia, my waxer. She helped to make my first and subsequent experiences there more comfortable. There is a little private waiting room within the salon/spa and there is nice music and a small fountain. The girls bring you water while you wait. Maybe tea/coffee too, but I'm not sure. I want to go back to get my hair done and possibly get a mani/pedi. Any girls with me on that one? I purchased some hair products there too -- I recommend the Bumble & Bumble line.
3	On the suggestion of the other yelper I decided to visit Life Spa because I thought they would be using Aveda color for my highlights. My stylist Monique was very friendly and nice as she informed me that they now use Wella color. Oh well, I was already there so I decided to give it a try. The color was less than spectacular and I had to go back and get more highlights because my lowlights were too heavy. In Monique's defense it is hard to get my hair right the first time if you haven't done my hair before. Anyway the results were just so so, even after the retouch. I will try to find a salon that uses actual Aveda color next time. Thanks for reading
4	I usually try to schedule with Julia when getting a brow wax because she's awesome. I've gone to many places for this services and she ranks right up there with the best. I also have had a massage that was amazing. I'm a Massage Envy member but it's worth it to me to spend the extra money to get one at Life Spa once in a while. I wasn't a fan of the pedicure I received there and felt that the pedicure chair was in a really awkward "closet" type area. I hate to say something negative because I love this place but I probably won't go for that service again. It's worth mentioning that the front desk ladies are very helpful and friendly.
5	Had a phenomenal facial with Julia! I haven't felt that pampered and relaxed in a long time! Julia really pays attention to detail and it's clear she's very educated and good at determining what your individual skincare needs are. I completely trust her to decide what to do with my skin when I arrive. In addition she's very personable and makes you feel like you're a good friend of hers. Can't wait to schedule again with her!
5	This review is for aesthetician Jodi at LifeSpa in Gilbert. I highly recommend going to Jodi. She is extremely skilled at waxing and giving the most wonderful facials. She takes the time to look at your features and shapes your brow to best highlight your eyes and face. I have one stubborn brow that grows quickly and more fully than the other and unlike any other aesthetician she works her magic to make them even and stunning. She is also very personable and peaceful. I always feel so relaxed and beautiful when I leave!
5	I began seeing Jodi a few months before my wedding in an attempt to clear my face of some long standing acne as well as just improve overall skin tone and appearance.  Jodi has taken the time and put a huge amount of effort to find the products, and the technique that will work with my extremely sensitive skin.  Over the past several months my skin tone has gotten much improved, and the acne is almost entirely cleaned up.  Jodi is a wonderful aesthetician and has gone way above and beyond in her efforts to help me for my wedding.  A bonus to Jodi is she gives great massages during my facials! Really just a fantastic person, and has fastly become the only person i will ever go to!
5	I am here now and might I say I am the lucky one! They are amazing! Not only am I getting the 5 star treatment super close to home at VERY affordable prices, but in my very own gym!!! Hello, why doesn't every gym membership include this!?! It should! Their stylist Erica is doing my wash and blowout as we speak and she is a gem :). Above and beyond doesn't eve sum it up! Celebrity treatment right here in Gilbert. Thank you LifeSpa and LifeTime Fitness for raising the bar!
