5	Best extensions in town !!
5	April is the Best hair stylist that I have been to in a long time. She knows what will work and she ACTUALLY knows how to cut naturally curly hair! Which everyone says that they know how but we with curly hair know different! The atmosphere is great and they even AIRBRUSH SPRAY TAN! MY NEW FAVORITE PLACE!
5	Love miss April and this salon!!! I live 45 minutes away and I won't stop going there!! April did my makeup and hair for my wedding and it is the hottest I have ever looked !! Love her and so glad I have her to make me pretty!! Awesome styles by far best in AZ!!
5	Not only is this the cutest, but probably the cleanest and most organized salon I've ever been to.  Products are displayed in a conservative way, and not plastered on overwhelming amounts of shelves.  I have been going to April for a few years now and will continue doing so until my hair falls off - let's hope it doesn't, but if that's the case I'm sure she will do an amazing job with extensions!  Their prices are extremely reasonable especially for how talented they are!  The atmosphere is great and mostly you will walk out feeling fabulous!!!
5	Had my hair cut and colored today with April.  Love the way it turned out.  Great salon and I'm glad I found her!
5	If you need a upbeat, warm hearted, exciting place to renew yourself.. Sassi is the place. April is a talented hair artist that specializes in extensions and giving just the right amount of wow to any service! After having my first extensions applied a couple months ago... Great hair days are here to stay! The salon is warm and fun and extremely clean. The environment is upbeat, beautiful and yet makes u relax knowing you are in great hands. I am so glad I found April and look forward to keeping this magic hair for a very long time!
5	April is the best hair stylist hands down. She knows what works best for you, but isn't afraid to try new things. She's always up to date on the latest products and styles which makes it more comfortable to ask for her artistic opinion. The salon is gorgeous and makes you feel right at home. I've personally used April for my own hair needs for the last 3 years and I wouldn't even consider using anyone else. The added bonus is that Sassi Salon is reasonably priced... there's no place else like Sassi Salon in Scottsdale or anywhere else!
5	Pam is awesome. She is new to the salon from California and uses a natural Enzyme product that makes color last longer and leaves your hair healthier! I highly recommend getting your color done by her and her haircuts are great too! Such a great salon! I will definitely be back!
5	Pam was the first stylist to ever figure out how to cut my hair! Coarse and thick with 5 different natural directions, she handled it from the first visit. I went to her for over 8 years when she worked in California. I miss her! She cut and styled our whole family and she always did a great job. She can do it all and never disappoints. She was renowned for her cut and color prowess here in Healdsburg,  a discerning crowd if ever there was one.
5	Pam Bailey-Rackey has been cutting my hair for 13 years (since I was just a little baby college kid!). She is so unbelievably talented, especially with color. She's done every kind of color for me - super blond, gentle blond highlights, chestnut brown, etc. She will bring your imagination to life. And she has really great ideas for creative styles. And most of all, Pam is a friend. You'll start to look forward to spending time with her every six weeks ago so you can hear her awesome perspective on everything.
5	I have been going to April at sassi salon for the past 2 years and would never go anywhere else!!! My hair and I are hers for life!! I have gotten more compliments on my hair in the last 2 years then my entire life!! So many that I have 4 co workers that go see her now as well!! April has great prices and the best style one could ask for in this industry!! Amazing work and I love every minute in her salon!!! Can't say enough good things about her!!
5	Wow! Moving to the area from out of town, I am so glad I found Wendy. This salon adorable, everyone is so friendly, and they did an awesome job. I have gotten my extensions done other places and I've never had them look so natural. Wendy did such a fantastic job. They so natural and my hair is so full and long. I cannot rave enough about them :)
5	April is awesome! She always knows what color or hair style I'm trying to explain to her and she delivers!..let's be real, I can hardly ever explain in techinical terms what I want and often end up with something other than what I was envisioning... Not anymore! Also, the salon is really nicely put together and modern and if you're looking to get a spray tan, eyelash extentions or a facial, Sassy offers these services too.  I love this place, it feels more like visiting a friend at her house than anything else.
5	I have been to April 2 times for a spray tan and each time it has turned out fabulous! It doesn't have the smell that other spray tans have and the color is more natural.
