5	I managed to run something over on my way home from work tonight so I went up to Discount Tire to get a new one. Dennis immediately asked how he could help us, came out and looked at the tires to determine what I needed and got us set up. He has a great personality and was wililng to answer any questions we had. What a great person to have on staff!
4	Always fast service. They do an excellent job getting me back on the road after a flat. Even have free water while you wait.I always get my car back in the time promised.
5	The guys here are very nice and service is very fast. I do recommend getting the warranty on the tires especially if you have my luck and are here often for running over nails.
5	These guys were very friendly and helpful. I had to be at work 50 minutes later and they had my car back to me with two brand new tires in 25 minutes. They try to oversell but its to be expected when you go into a business. definitely a long term customer for all my vehicles and will be going back again soon.
5	Woke up Thursday morning to a flat tire.  Hit up this location and 20 minutes later I was on the road again.  Gotta love it.
4	Quick, courteous, and helpful staff.
5	Ask for Jordan or Chuck! I got a quote from Jordan a day before and I came in the next day and before I could say a word, he was like you were the one who called yesterday and accurately repeated the information I have to him the day before! Chuck is another worker, even though I did not get service by him, the way he answered the phone and helped the customer is beyond regular service. I'll be back to this specific location in the nearby future if I ever need tire service!
5	I know I'm on the right site. This store is the one I currently deal with, and have for over five years now. Never once have I had an issue and on the contrary they have always been courteous and caring to a fault.The other day they started off my New Year with five free new Michelins. After detecting a tread separation in one of the tires on my RV, Henry checked on a recall from this great company and told me the good news.After about an hour I was back on the road feeling really confident that these guys are the best. They truly are good as gold and what every customer longs to have take care of them and their needs. Highly recommended!These guys really do take it to another level here. I thank Discount Tire for assembling an exemplary team of professionals that set the standard as well as Michelin for a quality product/quality control that we have come to rely on.
5	Excellent customer service Discount provides. I ran over an object and got a flat. I went to a competitor of Discount and I was told that I would need a new tire. The tire had less than 200 miles, and the hole was directly in the center of the tire. I wanted a second opinion, so I went to Discount and they patched the hole at NO CHARGE. Discount has a dedicated customer for life.
4	Been coming here for years and Discount has always been great. Monthly air checks, tire rotations, the works. Great service!
5	I have been going here when my tires end up wearing out...they will give you the best pricing I definitely dont feel I get taken advantage of here like other places will try to do...they have awesome customer service...I scheduled an appoinment online yesterday and today got in right away! Very convenient!
5	I have been coming to this Discount tire for well over 10 years now.  Every single time I am met with extremely flawless customer service.  The staff is always courteous and friendly.  They are willing to price match if need be and the promptness of the service is terrific.   Absolute continued 5star service.  Well done Discount.
