5	What a wonderful addition to the bakery world and Chinese food world in Madison. Its modest appearance should not stop you from trying this new gem on the intersection of South Park and Lakeside. Asian Sweet Bakery opened in September 6th. I went on the opening day and twice after that, and have seen satisfied with what it offers in each visit. It serves a wide variety of breads and pastries that are common in Asia, including old school items such as pineapple buns,  char siu buns, egg tarts, to less common things like "rainbow." It will take a long time before you savor all items on their bakery menu. So far everything has been really, really good. Even better than what you can get in Chicago Chinatown. According to its staff, Asian Sweet Bakery only serves bread freshly made on the same day. You'll be able to get second-day breads at Asia Midway and Garden Asia Market at a discount price, as they all belong to the same owner. Also note that this place is more than a bakery. It serves Hong Kong style breakfast (bread, congee, and noodle soup) under $5, as well as lunch special at $7 per set. Cheap, fresh, and delicious. What more can you ask?
4	This restaurant is to be cherished for it's exotic authenticity.  It's as if a hole in the wall lunch counter was airlifted in from the East Coast or from China.  The food is simple lunchtime fare.  The staff is from Guang Dong.  The interior is just the simple fluorescent light, clean, plain decor that you would expect from a low cost bakery and lunch spot.  There are three tables and some chairs at a lunch counter. By authentic, I mean that the typical baked good has glittery shredded pork on top or red bean paste.  The meals, all five or six dollars, include beef with bitter melon and Fish fillet with black (fermented) beans and pork intestine.   I predict this place will meet great success and so I look forward to an expanded menu.  Drinks like Pearl Milk Tea and Frozen Green Bean Paste Ice would really make this a snack place to be cherished!  Given it's authenticity and student-oriented pricing, this bakery makes a good fast, cheap alternative to the also-excellent, much more deluxe Ichiban Restaurant further up Park Street.It is currently open 9 to 7 six days a week and closed on Mondays, contrary to the info listed on Yelp.
5	Verdict? Amaze-balls!!!!! My beef brisket noodle was really fresh and savory. Liver congee with fried donut stick was good- great consistency. Gotta have congee with donut! Sesame ball was super chewy and perfectly fried. Chinese "tamale" in banana leaf has fresh peanuts, shredded meat and sticky rice- very filling. Even milk tea is yummy. Hong loved his sweet top and egg custard bun. They also have my favorite- bun with hotdog. I was so full I couldn't try it but next time. Pay and order first. Go early to get pastries hot out of the oven. Only negative- small space with few tables.
4	As a disclaimer, I would have given this place 5 stars if I had not recently come back from a trip to LA where these bakeries are a dime a dozen.  Needless to say, I was extremely excited to see that this bakery had opened and was very happy with the results.  We had cha siu bao, which was very good.  The bun was spot on in my opinion, and the filing was almost right.  We also had both types of custard buns, the smooth one and the crusty one, which were also very tasty.  In addition, I had the wonton noodle soup, which was pretty good.  The broth needed a little more flavor, but the wontons themselves were nice and had a good shrimpy flavor to them.  My husband had the porkchop in pepper sauce, which was a little different from the usual dish you would find ina hongkong cafe, but the sauce was good.All in all, this place is not the best I've ever been to but it is comparable to the asian bakeries you would find in LA.  It really does fill a void when you are feeling homesick :)
5	Just discovered this place last week and I've already been there twice.  The bakery is fresh, with flaky pastry and delicious fillings.  Try the lotus bean bun, you won't be disappointed.  Their lunch menu is served through closing and you can eat in or take out.  The salt and pepper shrimp was amazing - big juicy shrimp, peppers and onions, perfectly seasoned.  While it was empty on my first visit, the place was packed tonight - with people waiting for one of the four tables to open up.  Go here.  Now.
3	The service was not great. I ordered the B2 breakfast combo to go, and they forgot my potstickers and coffee. To their credit, they were chagrined when I went back and pointed out their mistake, and quickly rectified it. They also messed up my bakery order, and I got the "rainbow buns" (which are filled with mayo? and topped with that shredded fried pork that looks like carpet. I got made fun of a lot in elementary because my mom would make me sandwiches with that stuff) instead of the "Chinese tamales". So I ended up paying for both. I wasn't super impressed with the baked goods; the bakeries in Houston are better. But it's Madison, I guess they're ok by Midwestern standards. Congee was ok; mostly rice porridge; very light on the toppings. There is a distinct lack of seating, so you may end up getting things to go. If they could streamline the ordering process better, that would take them up a notch. So would putting in a larger seating area, and maybe printing up more menus. There were only two sets of menus. One posted on the door and one posted in front of the cash register. Seriously. It'll only cost you a couple bucks at Kinko's.I might come back after a couple of months to see if the service is any better.
5	I've been there so many times because their bakery offerings can vary each day- get the cheese twists while they are warm- two different types of small custard pie- one traditionally flan like and the other more of like a quiche (Macao style)- both are great. The BBQ pork buns are great- the dough is flaky and soft. Things are still served on paper plates but its worth it. They can make things without MSG on request if you are allergic (like me).
5	Yay finally!! I don't have to go to Chicago for some asian cravings!! I know the asian marts here carry baked goodies from chicago, but having freshly baked awesomeness right here in town is a totally different story.I've been to Asian Sweet twice before, but I waited until my third time to pen this review because the first 2 times I went in the afternoon, and only for the bakery items, which by that time they were mostly sold out, so I only got to try very selected stuff. But today we made it right as they open after consulting friends who have pro tips (go early!). Their food items are a real deal, you can easily get a full breakfast complete with coffee/tea or a mix of coffee and tea (yuan yang) for less than $10. They offer all day breakfast and lunch items starting at 11 am. I will be going back to try their lunch items some time soon. The tofu and fish over rice looks amazing! We had the shrimp crepe, wonton noodles, chive dumplings and pork congee set today. The crepe, dumplings and congee were all nicely done. I found the wonton noodles a little on the plain side, probably cause we had that right after the crepe, which came with soy sauce. But that aside, the wonton doesn't have pork in them, only shrimps, not quite the best you can get in town, but not too bad. As I mentioned right at the start their freshly baked goods really stand out. Finally I got  the long awaited egg custard and char siew buns yay!! And they are really good. The red bean buns are another popular item on the menu too. These sell out fast. While I was in line I see different groups of people come in and grab more than ten bakery items at one go. Amazing! So, go early for the best selection!!
4	There is no other place like this in Madison.  I've been to some amazing Asian bakeries.  There's a whole slew of them in LA with lines out the door, not to mention having spent time in Taiwan where bakeries sell freshly baked custard filled breads at 33 cents.  It would be unfair to compare this place to those places.When I say there's no other place like this in Madison, I mean that in a complimentary way because I'm so happy that such a place exists in Madison.  I love that there's a place I can order a bowl of thousand year egg congee with pork and it also comes with a bread for less than $5!  Seriously?  This place could mark up their prices by another 50%, and still retain business because they're the only place in Madison that sells Asian bakery items.  Their breakfast combos also comes with choice of coffee or milk tea.  Since I don't drink coffee, I ordered the milk tea, which was not very good.  But I really didn't care because the combo was only $4.50 for plenty of food.  I also got what they call "Chinese tamales," which is glutinous rice steam with peanuts and pork in a banana leaf.  It was tasty and brought back memories of what my grandma would make.  They were out of the bbq pork bun and what I call the pineapple bun when I got there at 4pm on a Sunday.  I was disappointed as those are my favorite, but the ones we did get were very good.  The buns themselves are fluffy and mildly sweet as any good Asian bun ought to be.  Come early as they're popular enough that they run out of variety by the late afternoon.
5	Ponkey Kong was here, and Ponkey Kong *LOVED* it! No frills kind of place with great congee. And the prices??? YES PLZ. For less than five bucks I had congee with a generous portion of pork liver and preserved egg, a large red bean bun (sweet and moist) and coffee. Long live Sweets Asian Bakery!
5	There are few times in life when a bun is so masterfully crafted and prepared that it is nothing short of genius. Today I had one of those buns. Entering Sweet's Asian Bakery is like embarking on a culinary journey, it is both exciting and adventurous yet still so familiar. The decor is exquisite: simple but elegant with lots of white and clean lines, and a few scattered purple orchids for a splash of color. I ordered the fish fillet with mustard cabbage my friend the shrimp wonton soup. Both were delicious. But the real star of the show was the desert, the hot dog bun. If you were to tell me yesterday that a white bread bun stuffed with hot dog and cheese would make me weak at the knees, why, I wouldn't believe you! I am a lady of stature, a world traveller, a doctor, you see. Anyways, my point is this hot dog bun may be the most sublime thing I have put in my mouth. Delicious,  divine, tasty...Would definitely recommend.
4	This is an awesome addition to Madison's food scene.I have been here twice and just tried baked goods so cannot comment on the hot food yet.  They do serve breakfast and lunch- open 9-7- I believe closed Mondays!The baked good are amazing and cheap under a dollar for most things! The lady that normally works behind the counter is more that happy to let you know what the baked goods are- as long as there is no line behind you. The place is simple and looks clean. No fancy decorations.Their pastry's are buttery and yummy- some of them make a meal by themselves. Go here- try something new- Repeat- because it is yummy.
4	Thanks to Asian Sweet Bakery, I no longer need Chicago to get my fix of coconut rolls, BBQ pork bun, custard tarts, or red bean sesame balls. Dare I say it, do I even need donuts anymore? Moreover, their breakfast special and value pricing make me feel good about coming back often. I basically ordered everything I wanted to try during my first trip here, things I've been missing and craving, like steamed rice crepe with shrimp, rice porridge with fish and preserved egg. The beef and vermicelli noodle soup was good too, just a tad too much gristle. My hope is that they will expand or refresh the menu as business booms. Space is extremely limited, and it felt crowded by the cash register. We had to hover for a table during the Saturday lunch rush, but it's hard to complain when you see a family-owned business selling the stuff you like, doing well. Service was business-like but pleasant. I was pleased to see a variety of customers from older to younger folks, international students to transplanted locals, blue and white collar workers, with quick turnaround all around. I'm hoping this popularity will translate into a larger space in the future, but it may still be early yet.
3	Friendly folks, reasonable prices, and a decent selection are the highlights of this Chinese Bakery. It actually has a welcoming vibe (very rare for your hole-in-the-wall Chinese Bakeries!) but the reason I don't rate this higher is because I wasn't overly impressed with the quantity or quality of the ingredients within most of the buns.For the custard bun, the bun was gigantic but the custard was smaller than a penny in diameter. It was not well-balanced. For the pork bun/turnover, I felt the same way-- very little in the way of filling. It was unfortunate, because I thought they could be my go-to bakery, but alas, my hunt goes on...
3	Asian Sweet Bakery is a nice little Asian cafe and bake shop in maybe a not-so-well-known area of Madison, but is worth the trip if only for their buns!  Everything in their glass showcase seems to be housemade and tastes exactly like the type of buns you would get in Asia or in any major China-town area in any big city like NYC.  They're big, fluffy, subtle (but delicious) in flavor, and incredibly inexpensive.  The couple who runs the Bakery is also very sweet so it only adds to the positivity of their already awesome goods.For actual real savory food when you don't have a sweet tooth - their broths are fantastic.  I would definitely suggest grabbing one of the noodle bowls if you head by this way!  The one time I went, my friend and I ordered the Beef Brisket Noodle Soup and the Salt and Pepper Shrimp and man oh man, I could've drank all of the soup in one gulp.  The individual components were fine on their own, but the broth brought them to a whole new level.  It was beefy and seasoned, and just tasted of what real Chinese food should be.The Salt and Pepper Shrimp on the other hand was unfortunately not as OK.  I was so thrilled to see they kept the prawns with their heads on, but unfortunately they tasted old, as if they had been cooked earlier or on another day, and then reheated up in a microwave for the meal.  As a result, the flesh was very tough, and not pleasant to eat at all.  This is also one dish where the salt content was just a few levels too high.  I could feel my blood pressure climbing even just from one bite.That said, you can't go wrong with their baked goods or soups, so dig into those!
4	This place is delicious and very good prices. Their coconut rolls are superb. They don't have a menu online or paper menu, I'm assuming they're working on that. So other than that, they're great!
5	Taiwanese bakery style goods, plus HK breakfast options. Crazy delicious! I am very impressed with their quality of baked buns and sesame balls. The bread is soft, chewy, and fresh, with the flavor of milk baked into it. You can't find buns this good in many places outside of the Irvine/Los Angeles area-- I would say this is better than most bakeries in NYC can put out. The sesame balls are crispy and chewy, and the filling seems to change daily from red bean to lotus paste to egg custard. Everything is in small batches and the quality of each bun is commendable. For breakfast, I had their fish slices in hot rice porridge, which was very good. I will have to go back for lunch, but I can't help but be impressed with how good the buns are. It makes me miss California a little less!
5	I apologize for arriving late to the party. I wanted to attend immediately after reading about the opening of what I knew was going to be the death of my waist line--however an overloaded schedule delayed me. Better late than never.I arrived around 3:00 this afternoon (on a Sunday proceeding a decent snow fall)--which I planned. I had a feeling arriving in between typical "meal" hours would result in avoiding a crowd--as I did not want to feel rushed as I have at other places attempting to order food that I have never tasted before. Mission accomplished. The planned expedition: acquire baked goods exclusively. After my friend and I quickly surveyed the cases, we felt no other choice existed but to each order half of what we saw--totaling almost one of everything (minus the pork offerings as we do not eat meat). The phrase "fat American pigs" has never rang so true as it did today. We put people at buffets to shame everywhere in the world. We laughed as we each ordered and I felt a bit embarrassed. Thank goodness we asked for everything to go. I have no idea what authentic Asian bakery is supposed to taste like. I have no basis for comparison. But here is what I do know:The other reviewers were spot on stating the owner is nice as pie. She is very hospitable. The prices are great. I expected the buns to cost much more than they do. In my pig out defense before hitting my trough of ridiculousness, I cut a small piece from each bun so I could taste everything before insulin shock hit resulting in a loss of consciousness. Everything is a delight I have no words for. Not too sweet. Delicate and wonderful flavors. Even though I have not smoked in a very long time--this is the first time I have felt a craving for a cigarette after eating since I quit smoking so many years ago. If that doesn't say it--I don't know what does. My favorites include anything with custard in them. I think I liked the egg custard bun a bit more than the coconut custard bun. I tried the custard pie, cheese twists, lotus bean sesame ball, coconut puff, taro twist, lemon twist, cookies, cakes, and a bunch of other goodies I cannot remember the names of at the moment as all of the blood has left my brain and is now fueling digestion as I type. Another reviewer exclaimed there may not be a need to eat a donut ever again. Agreed. There isn't. This is my new favorite place in Madison. To the owners and staff of Asian Sweet: Thank you for opening such a lovely business in Madison.
4	Finally, 2014 was an Asian progress in Madison's food world! I'm so grateful to come close to some sort of Asian bakery... Previously, the only options were day- or week- old pastries from Chicago sold in the local Asian marts... :(Asian sweet bakery is NOT just a bakery, you can get typical chinese food as well. Indeed, when I visit again, it would be mainly for the breakfast food, not the baked goods. The owner and cashier is chinese, and speak chinese and cantonese. I would describe this Asian style as mainly cantonese, due to the presence of congee, sweet top (what I call pineapple bun) and sesame balls.What's good:Congee with porkFried dough stick (almost as good as in Asia)Sweet top bun (no filling)Crepes (decent)Don't bother:Sesame ball (too much dough, weird custard filling inside)Egg tarts (too sweet)Beef brisket noodles (no flavor in the soup or beef :|) I think they still have improvement for baked goods, but overall I enjoy the congee and fried dough stick, a typical breakfast food in Hong Kong or Asia. Also, the sweet top buns are a treat! I love to heat them up at home, and put in a thick slab of butter after heating the buns! LOVE IT!P.S. if Asian Sweet Bakery has some Asian desserts.... that would really be a star attraction!!!
