1	Having your credit card mysterious declined when you check into your hotel is a rough start to a week long trip in Vegas.  Before I would be able to check on this strange twist of financial fate, I needed to grab a bite to eat.  Budgetary concerns lead me to this Burger King located in O'Shea's Casino.  Big mistake.  Should have gone with a different lowbrow option like Subway or McDonald's.  After being inundated with attractive women left and right all over the strip, it was like a sucker punch to the kidneys to be served by the staff at BK.  Now, I know I'm being harsh, and they were all sweet old ladies (or at least old ladies), but damn... way to burst my bubble BK!  The food was your standard Burger King fare, but left me feeling a bit sicker than normal.  Could have been the food, or maybe it was just the fact that while I was eating I had a front row seat to old people smoking themselves to death while playing the Penny slots.
1	This Burger King has the slowest service that I have ever experienced and the most inadequate human beings that I have ever dealt with.  Perhaps, this is mean, but I am only speaking the truth.  It is probably the smokey environment that is rotting their brain cells.  I step up and give him my order, "#4 with medium onion rings and a diet coke."  He slowly repeats after me while pushing some buttons on his register.  So, I move on, "yeah, and a whopper junior, no mayo please."  But, he slowly repeats my first order another 2 times.  OK fine, not everyone is as quick on the ball.  So, after he gets the second part of my order, he asks me if it's eat in or take out.  I told him, "to go please" and he responds with, "OK, for here."  I seriously thought he was kidding so we just stared at each other and I didn't say anything.  After what was nearly a 10 minute wait, our food comes out and I have fries instead of onion rings!  And the food is on a tray!  Ugh.  I did not have the patience to wait another 10 minutes to get the order right, so we just asked for a bag and bagged our order and left.  Now, I slightly feel like a jackass for writing such a mean review but I guess I need to work on my anger management issues first.
4	1.5 average? Really? It's Burger King. In the back of O'Sheas. By the bathroom. C'mon guys... why the hate?If you make it to this part of O'Sheas, you know, the back part with the beer pong tables and the Subway and the weird Taco place and the punching bag strength machine, what really are your expectations of a BK? What are you expecting that would warrant more than 2 stars? Complimentary champagne perhaps? Red carpets? Kim Kardashian behind the register? I don't remember the last time I came to O'Sheas and made it to BK without being drunk. O'Sheas doesn't exactly carry the holier than thou attitude that most of the other bars and lounges on the strip do. So, most everyone here is drunk, almost drunk, hung over or drunk. Oh, and hungry. Enter this Burger King.It's pretty cheap food. Considering how much the entrees are at Hash House a Go Go next door at Imperial Palace is, or the Cafe at Harrahs and Burger Joint at Flamingo (all within walking distance of O'Sheas and open late), the food here is a steal! We all know that, which is why we walk all the way to the back of O'Sheas to this place. It serves its exact purpose. Provide cheap, fast and greasy food. And for that, they should be admired not admonished. So what if you get the runs the next day. It's probably from all the alcohol anyway. So what if the employees look like the "after" shots of Faces of Meth. So what if the food takes longer than registering your car at the DMV. It's vegas, relax.
5	My friend passed out in here @ 4 in the aftenoon.Good shakes and burgers.
4	Drunk munchies at 4am? I'm not about to throw down some double digit dough on food I'll probably vomit later. Imagine my surprise to literally stumble upon the only Burger King on the strip being called out by a "little person" announcing beer pong at O'Shea's. Beer pong was our first thought, but after realizing just how intoxicated we were figured some alcohol absorption was a better bet. Sure it's expensive for a fast food joint, but when you have to have it, cost really isn't an issue. An oasis in an overpriced food market and literally in the middle of the desert, this location gets 4 stars just for being what it is, where it is, when you need it.
1	This BK stinks like throw up and shit. Their burgers were bland and not so tasty at all.
2	No self fill drink station? Shameful!I know this is Las Vegas, but don't gamble on the power of filling up your own drinks!
1	Really slow. If it was fine dining I would expect to wait :15 for a simple order of chicken strips. But it's not fine dining--it's Burger King.
5	you ain"t been to vega$ till you've eaten at the burger king in the back of o'sheas!
3	Ok food if you don't want to spend much money and are in a hurry.
