5	This place just opened up and I think they are the same owners that were on Kyrene.  If you are a Red Sox/Pats fan from New England, for which I am, then this is your place.   Great New England food and everyone that works there is from Boston.  If you are a Yankee fan, BEWARE, you might have to sit on the floor and eat your meal.... Great beer choices and HD TV's everywhere you look.  This place has a great atmosphere and is right on the water next to Valle Luna, for which I am a huge fan of too....
4	Great sports bar with a lot of TVs, great food, friendly staff and nice lakefront patio for when the weather cools down. Boston themed, so they have the biggest TVs and sound on the Red Sox or Patriots when they're playing, but otherwise they are very nice about changing a TV to a certain game if you ask. We love to go in, and will definitely be back!
1	I don't think this place will be around very long...REALLY bad food, bad service...not very friendly...out of everything we ordered...including beer?!? This was their 2nd chance for us...not going back.
1	OH! Almost forgot --The restrooms were FILTHY! If the public facilities were this disgusting, I can only imagine what the kitchen looks like behind closed doors! yuck!
1	following up-- our neighbors went to nate's-- they tell me that their experience was worse than ours for the food! gawd-awful! it think this place just wants to be a dive bar. with cheap booze-- and it's not that cheap!
5	Nates Third Base is an example of how local businesses can still thrive in the valley. They have absolutely the very best burger and frys in town. The owner Nate Myers always treats his customers and repeat customers like that are members of his own family. Best place to see a Red Sox, Patriots, Celtics or Boston Bruins game outside of New England. If you are ever in the Dobson and Ray area of Chandler its a must you stop in for lunch, dinner or if you ate looking for local nightlife. Especially of you are a native of the New England area and like myself you are sick of the same old "chain" bar/restaurants.
1	My fiancee and I decieded to try this place out last night around 5:30-6ish. We were pleased to find we made it for happy hour. One bartender said hello to us and walked away. The other bartender didn't even acknowledge us for about 10 minutes. Keep in mind there were 6 people at the bar including the 2 of us and the bar is not big. We ordered beers and he handed us menus. We looked over the happy hour menu and were thinking of ordering something. While looking over the menu's the bartender was dropping F bombs and extrememly rude to another patron. Don't get me wrong, I drop F bombs quite frequently but never while i'm working, it's just bad taste....I dont care what kind of job you have.  Our beers were dry for a long time before the rude bartender even asked if we wanted another OR order food. My fiancee used the restroom and decieded eating here would be a bad idea as they were dirtier than dirty. Meanwhile a cook came out of the kitchen with food at sat at the bar to eat it. The rude bartender yells across the bar to the cook "COOKS CANT SIT AT THE BAR, NATES RULE".  Poor guy got up and sat at an empty table away from the bar. Again bad taste. At this point we decided we had enough of this place and would not be returning. EVER. I am thankful we didn't try the food. There are plenty of other dive bars in Chandler with good service and clean restrooms.
1	The only reason I ever go to Nates is because it's walking distance to my house and they play hockey on some of the TVs. Food is good for bar food, service is usually sub-par, from both the servers and bartenders. The only people that are really treated well are the regulars. Almost every time I go there my drink is empty and I have to wave the server down to get any attention. Better bet is to go down the strip-mall to Valle Luna. Their bar is by far superior, both service and food.
1	Nate's Third Base Pub This place STILL sux. I don't know why I keep giving them a 2nd, 3rd, chance.  Rude, staff, FILTHY bar and restrooms, TERRIBLE food.  Read the other reviews...I'm glad it's not just me....
1	Good beer but the worst bar food I ever have, especially the wings.
4	Very quaint little bar tucked into a plaza and hard to see, but worth the trip.  They have some random beers on tap, which is always a plus, and a good selection of vodka flavors, which makes every bar better.  The best part of the bar is the bad ass back patio.  There are plenty of tables, room for groups, and it's overlooking a cute man made pond located between the bar and the apartments across the way.  Anytime you can be somewhere in Arizona looking at a body of water, it's a plus.  Perfect place to day drink. In addition.... the burgers (which are amazing without this fun little detail) all come on the pretzel bun.  Freaking delicious.  My boyfriend is addicted.  As far as the appetizers go, definitely don't leave without trying the buffalo chicken ranch dip.  I went with some friends, and we did some appetizers, and we ordered one and ended up going through three (there were 10 of us).  It is that good.  It's a wonder more places haven't come up with a creation like this.  We also had the wings, naked and extra crispy, with sauce on the side.  They were delicious.  Just remembering them right now sorta makes me wanna stop in and get some... perhaps I will, and you should too!
3	Fried pretzels? Appetizers during happy hour are good.
2	We came here and it was DEAD. Whatever, that was fine with me. We sat at the bar and my husband ordered a burger with peanut butter. Yes, you read that right. That's all it was - the pretzel bun (which are insanely delicious) with the burger and a hearty slather of peanut butter. Looked disgusting to me but he loved it. I got the burger with avocado, lettuce, tomato and onion. It was really good. The one thing I didn't like was the ketchup. I didn't enjoy my tater tots (they don't serve fries which I was bummed about, but my husband was ecstatic about). My husband didn't see why I was not okay with the ketchup but it tasted like they added beer to it. It was strangely ... sour. Hmmm...
1	I moved back to the area about 10 months ago after living elsewhere in the valley for a number of years.  Last time I was in this area this used to be the Waterfront Grill which turned into a Chandler bar pretending to be a Scottsdale bar.I've been here more than once since I been back as it's easily within walking distance of my home.  The food is okay bar food.  It ain't the best nor the worst.  I think a lot of the food is a bit pricier than I'd expect.  They have decent selections of beer and booze, though I have seen bigger selections and much better drink specials elsewhere.Business depends on day, time of year, time of day etc.  It can be between pretty dead and pretty busy as has been mentioned before.   The bar staff can be really hit or miss as well.Finally, Nate's is a Boston themed bar.  Normally it's not a big problem.  I've been to other themed bars around town.  I've seen staff get downright ornery toward customers who happened to be rooting for their home team when they happened to be playing a Boston team.   If the fan starts a fight, that is one thing but that hasn't always been the case which is a big downer for this place.I've finally decided to stop blowing my money here.  It's really not worth it anymore.  I can get comparative or better food elsewhere and kill brain cells cheaper. There are reasons why this place is getting a lot of 1 or 2 star ratings.  I think I've explained mine.
1	Ugh, where to start... I've been going here since before it changed from the waterfront to Nate's. I only go if I'm already in the complex at Luna or Pita Jungle.  When it first opened it was actually a great bar. Now... I'll just break it down like this:Cons- Off track betting = Shady guys drinking cokes eye balling the very few women in the bar.- There is always a broken toilet AND sink in the women's restroom- I hear there are often broken pissers/ sinks in the men's room as well- There is only one good bar tender - The crowd has definitely started getting super shady- sliding back to the waterfront crowd... - They have a lobster tank - with sick/ dead lobsters in it- Gross tap lines - been sick here a few times - stick to bottled beer- The decor is old/ ripped posters - needs help - the patio is empty - why not make it inviting - it's not like you have this awesome lake view or anything...Pros- Boston is the best bartender in town!- They finally put 1 TV on the patio. It's too small to see though unless you sit right in front if it.- The lake outback is beautiful - however you can also see it from many other places- Lots of TVs inside - just don't mind being watched like a TV yourself if you're a girl...- Ok selection of beers - Great place to go watch football but just know half the TVs will be on horse races
1	Walked by Nate's tonight...New Year's Eve and there were around 6 people in the bar, including the staff.  Unfortunately, most of the "customers" looked like remnants of the days off track betting "winners."  We kept walking and found another option.  I really had high hopes for this bar but it seems to be in a spiral heading down.
1	AWFUL!!  I'll put up  a picture I took yesterday.... one photo says a thousand words.... creepy old guys drinking water/soda totally and obviously eyeballing each woman in the bar. I couldn't even stay for a drink because they were creeping me out. One guy walked up to me and looked straight down my shirt, burped and walked off. WTF? I never write about crude stuff(mostly because there are very few situations like this) but I couldn't believe how violated I felt. I immediately placed a bet on my horse for the Belmont stakes and promptly walked to Valle luna.
5	Love this place! Destiny, Charity & Boston Rock! My food is always awesome and the beer is cold...what more could a girl ask for? Oh yeah Nate's stories are always a good time! Let's not forget 'Handsome Mike' who works otb booth :)
1	Had an hour to kill, stopped in for a beer. As I am trying to close out, they begin doing a software update on the computer. Mind you, this is at 5:30 pm. Needless to say, they couldn't read my debit card.  The waitress told me there was an ATM in the corner I could use. It cost me $3 to use the ATM, plus my bank charges me $2.50. It cost me $5.50 to buy a $6 beer. Who runs a business this way. I will never be back and will tell everyone I know never to come here. What a joke.
3	I came here with the family for Game 1 of the 2013 World Series. We're huge Red Sox fans and live 'round the corner, so it made sense to come here since its a Boston sports bar. The service was pleasant, drinks were reasonably priced, and the food was great. We had buffalo wings to start off and fish and chips and burgers for entrees. Typical bar food, but I thought it tasted great and the pretzel buns on the burgers was an interesting twist. No complaints.Bottom line: If you like casual sports bars with good deals, this is a great place. Bonus points if you're a fan of Boston sports!
1	Couldn't do zero stars folks. Went on Christmas Day got charged $100 for 4 beers. Please Save yourself the trouble.
4	Wow, tough break.. Brutal yelpers. I've been more than a handful of times and I can say that recent improvements have made a difference (at one time I was a regular). When we stopped back in after about a year I was pleasantly surprised, even to find the bathrooms the cleanest they've ever been. Maybe a change in staff is what the place needed.. Drinks are fairly priced and the menu is actually pretty decent. On our last visit particularly I could tell that the bartender was overwhelmed and closed my tab with different prices than I was originally quoted, im sure I got a deal regardless it just made me a little uneasy with the sudden changes.. Try Nates you might be surprised..
1	My friends and I went to Nate's on a Friday night at about 9:00pm. Service was awful. We sat on the patio and waited about ten minutes for a waiter. When we asked another waitress for our bill because our guy  disappeared, she was rude. Not going back.
1	These tools want to charge $3 to enter just grab lunch and place a bet on the horses. I would avoid it just on that principal alone.
1	Worst bar ever. Don't waste your time or $. The owner is rude to his staff in front of customers, the food is awful & the bartenders are incompetent. We will never go back. Wish this place wasn't so terrible because it is in a great location.
1	Looks like other yelpers beat me to the punch here...I came here with just enough cash in my pocket to make some bets on the Belmont Stakes. First of all, the betting windows are right near the entrance, so immediately after entering the whole place was a huge cluster of confusion. I start walking towards the betting line, when some guy stops me rather abruptly and tells me there's a $3 cover. I think I said "seriously?" but I can't  completely remember. In hindsight, I should have told him that I was only there to place some bets and didn't have enough cash to pay the cover as well. But the place was packed and I didn't want to hold anyone up by starting an argument, so I paid the dude using money that I was going to use on bets. I've been to bars several times for the Derby, Preakness, etc, and have never been charged a cover. It's not that I am entirely against cover charges for big events, but this is on NBC for Christ's sake. All the OTB places are going to be packed regardless, and a $3 charge just to place a bet is just greedy and absurd. My advice, head over to O'Kelly's in Mesa. Cheap food and drink specials, friendly service, the betting windows are in the back, and no cover.
5	Casual local sports bar. Drink specials every day. Happy hour is great. We go here to visit the owners (who are very nice & sociable). We like going hear to watch our Boston Red Sox & Patriots. They will always have the sound on for the Patriots game. It is a boston bar. I love it. Karaoke on sat nights too! Also have off track betting.
2	I came here today about 5:00 for some food and a drink. Sat at the bar for close to 10 minutes before the bartender came from the kitchen. I ordered turkey on a croissant with fries. Fries were not cooked and sandwich barely had anything on it. Didn't even eat half of it. Bartender was extremely nice.  That is when I found out they scheduled her to tend bar and cook at the same time. I will give it one more try. Hopefully their food will be better, and service quicker.
1	Went Saturday, September 13th around lunch time.  Walked in with family and sat.  Restaurant part was empty.  We were the only patrons.  Bar had a few people watching football.  Sat for 10 minutes.  Nobody came over to our table.  I watched the bar tender lady instead talk to another girl.  We left.  Will not be back.
5	Ok, real talk time. This is a sports bar, and they also run OTB (off-trck-betting). That's a thing, and that means there are some folks in there just to watch the races and bet, maybe grab a beer and that's all. Does that bug me? Not one bit. As far as the bar and restaurant portion is concerned, this place is everything I like. The bartenders and servers remember my name, what I drink, always smile when I come in, and have a blast doing what they do. They play all my games (NFL, MLB, NHL and even EUFA Champion's League and MLS). If I want to watch something near where I'm seated, they always do their best to accommodate. Couple that with cheap, cold beers, strong pours, and really decent bar food, and you have a winner. And let's talk food. I'm a vegan, and it kills me to sit near the kitchen. The wings smell amazing, the sandwiches and burgers are piled high, the fries are hand-cut and awesome, and the things I do eat - the fried zucchini, chips and salsa, etc. - have been great. Mikey, one of the cooks, pulls double duty as a great cook and storyteller. He's one of the things that makes the place fun to spend time at. I've read some of the other reviews about bad service - I've seriously never had any here, and I have a hunch half of them aren't legit. I've come here when Charity, Amanda, Destiny, Boston, Nick and a few others were serving, and honestly I've never waited more than 2 minutes for a drink - and that was when they were slammed. Food has always been good, and fast, and filling. Charity is freaking awesome, and Boston knows every game's outcome before it happens. He's like Rain Man or something, an absolute riot. Bottom line: If you're looking for a white-glove one-on-one service experience, go to one of the foofy places nearby. Want an awesome sports bar with good food, drinks, people, music and a fun atmosphere? Get here, and I'll buy your first pint.
5	I'm here slightly after noon eating a fantastic breakfast after having the nerve to ask if they're still serving. They gladly accommodated even though everyone one else is already enjoying beer & football. The bartender even made me a pot of coffee, bless her heart. The wrong toast came but the cook corrected it immediately and brought the right stuff out with an apology. That just doesn't happen anymore.
4	Came here one Friday night just to check out a new bar. Well, new to us anyway. Actually I take that back - came here for a co-worker's "I just got fired for doing something stupid but let's all have drinks and wish me luck" party a number of years back when it was called something else. This time around I came here after work with some co-workers just to have a few drinks and wind down for the weekend. Came about prime dinner time and place was fairly empty except for a few at the bar. We sat out by the water. Very mellow atmosphere with a pinch of divey. Had the wings and if I remember right Shiner Bock on tap? Wings were decent. We hung outside until one of us got cold so we spent the rest of the time indoors and noticed it got quite crowded inside. By midnight, the place was packed. The music was pretty loud and it mostly came from the internet Jukebox (not TouchTunes but something without an app so you had to pick everything right at the machine where everyone can see you - so I wasn't going to troll the jukebox with requests for nausea-inducing songs by either of the two Wills - William Shatner or William Hung). Our server was very attentive and we all had a pretty good time. Whoever mentioned this was a bar for old men betting on the dogs and horsies and no hot chicks ever probably hasn't been here late on a Friday night. Your mileage may of course vary. Lots of parking as it's in a big mall. Actually FINDING parking - you're on your own LOL. Best bet is sometimes in the parking area by the entrance to Sprouts.
