5	My family and I tried this place and were pleasantly surprised. The pricing is cheap compared to the amount of food you get. I had the chicken fajita salad and it was huge. The salad itself had all the goodies of a salad plus sour cream, guacamole, and pico. The chicken came on a separate sizzling fajita plate, which was a nice touch. It was delicious! (Although there were a ton of onions and only three small slivers of pepper). No worries, I figured they must have run low. Service was excellent. Chips and salsa arrive as soon as you sit down. Waitress was super nice and attentive. All salsa is made in house (we tried the mild and the hot) and the queso was good. We didn't have an entree over $10 and this food was well worth the money. Staff was friendly from the moment we walked in until the time we left. Next time I'm trying their own in house tequila.
5	We went here for lunch for our first time. Not only was the decor just perfect, but the service from Emily and the fantastic food made us believers. We will definitely be back to try everything on the menu. Highly recommend this spot for lunch or dinner, the service was quick and the food came out perfectly and super hot. Emily recommended the slow cooked brisket burrito for my boyfriend and the bacon wrapped chicken medallions for me. By the end of the meal we could not have been happier to have picked such an awesome spot for lunch. Good job, Casa Rita's.
3	This new addition to the Tex-Mex scene is a solid, if not spectacular, one. Reading the menu would lead you to believe that they are a 30+ year old chain. Seems like there are a couple of them in Texas and this one in Matthews. Not that it matters much.Probably the best part about the place is the service - very friendly. In fact, almost too friendly. While I appreciate being asked how the food is, I'd like to be able to have a few moments to try the food rather than having to answer so many people so that I can't try the food!Speaking of which - the food is good, if not particularly memorable. The chips are thin. Too thin, in fact. If you get too much salsa on them, they'll break. Even sitting in the basket, they break (see picture of busted-up chips). All by themselves, they aren't bad - but try and scoop up some cheese or guacamole? Not with these chips. Salsas are not bad, but need a kick. Even the spicy isn't, though that's a judgment call, as some might like things on the mild side.The proteins on the dish were good - Pechuga Rellena, a chicken breast medallion stuffed with chorizo and fried with panko (not sure that's Tex-Mex, but whatever), along with brisket tacos served on a chalupa sort of tortilla with special slaw turned out decent. But the rice and beans were really bland. I mean really bland. Could use some Emeril to give it all a kick-start.Atmosphere was also decent, although that's to be expected, since it's new. Like the beans, rice and salsa, fairly nondescript and almost nothing stands out. A couple of televisions with football. Walking over to Azteca would probably give a better experience.
3	New place with fun decor. Service was good and the food was tasty. Kids meals need some bolstering- especially the kids nachos. (4 nachos and rice for $5 doesn't seem right.) I'll come back to sample more menu items.
5	This place is AWESOME! The margaritas are absolutely delicious and the brisket is to die for! Found new Friday dinner spot in Matthews! I had a frozen strawberry margarita and brisket enchiladas, couldn't be more satisfied! I some how found room for dessert and tried the apple cinnamon chimichangas and basically licked the plate clean they were so good!
4	Went for first time today. It won't be the last. My wife had the brisket tacos and I had the brisket burrito. They say they smoke their own and they do a really good job - super tender and smoky. Service was great. Seems a little more geared towards adults (OK with me). Very nice bar area.
2	I've been eyeing this place for a while now and I was very disappointed.  The staff was super nice, but the food well it wasn't good. We'll let me say what I had wasn't good.  I had the saucy burrito, and the sauce was the best part.  It wasn't good, I don't know what else to say.  The chips wasn't what I was expecting, the whole experience with the food was just bad.
5	Been here twice so far.  Service and food are really good.  Atmosphere is awesome as well.....especially in the very back of the restaurant with windows open!
2	We went here for dinner and we were pretty disappointed.  Our server was really friendly and offered suggestions since it was our first time.  The chips that came out were that thin, super salted and see through greasy kind.  Big thumbs down.  Food platters wee pretty large but not impressive to taste.  Pricey and not good quality in my opinion.
1	First off this is by no means authentic Mexican food. Was looking forward to trying a new Mexican restaurant and was highly disappointed. The salsa they give you was really watery and is too spicy for children to eat which our waitress failed to mention. Our waitress was young somewhat friendly but more awkward. Food wasn't good, tacky decor and awkward service. First and last time
4	Good food, but not top of the line. Love the portion size for the price! Not crowded especially at lunch, and really reliable takeout. The queso blanco gets hard quick. Especially love the saucy fajitas.
1	My first visit iturned into my last visit.First off, I love Tex Mex food.  I've been eyeing this place, as I dine at the Genghis Grill next to it WAY too often.  So, I rolled the dice today and tried this place.Waitress was friendly and chips, salsa and a Diet Coke arrived fairly quickly.  I ordered the #6 lunch combo, essentially chicken over a bed of rice topped with their queso sauce.  Sounds yummy, I though, as I've had it before at other Tex Mex places and LOVED it.  At other places I frequent, it's called ACP, which is Arroz Con Pollo; Spanish for chicken and rice.  Sadly, the chips and salsa were the highlight of the dining experience.  The chips are very thin and the salsa is OK, if a little watery.  But they DID have flavor and were enjoyable as I waited for my lunch.  I had enough salsa for about half of the chips and stopped when my food arrived.My food arrived, and I knew I was going to be disappointed by looking at it.  First off, they used shredded chicken instead of grilled chicken.  I wasn't given the option when I ordered, so I guess that's the default.  Secondly, the rice looked and tasted like it was left over from yesterday.  It was just mush on my plate.  If you looked for individual grains of rice, they were nowhere to be found.  But, still, there was this mush of "rice" under my shredded chicken and queso sauce.I ate as much of the meal as I could, which was only about half of it.  I ran out of Diet Coke and sat there HOPING someone would notice I needed more.  I sat in a booth right next to the kitchen and runner after runner passed my table, but noone asked if I needed a refill.  My wiatress was assigned to a large group towards the back of the restaurant, so service suffered somewhat.  I finally put my credit card on the table, and the waitress finally showed up and asked if everything was good.  I didn't complain, but I'm sure the look on my face told the story.  I just asked for my check.  The total was $10.70.  I left a $1.30 tip for a grand total of $12.00.  I hope your experience is better, but I'll not be going back.
3	Pretty Americanized environment, good service. Got the queso,  grilled chicken with the Latin stir fry. Prefer "traditional" Mexican restaurants.
1	I had a buy one get one entree coupon so we thought we would try this place . . . what a terrible place to eat! Salsa tasted terrible, very, very thin chips and the Chimmichanga was way over cooked and had absolutely no flavor and was hard to cut even with a knife and tasted like it was frozen and then deep fried.  I just couldn't understand why this place was packed on a Sunday night!  If you are looking for REALLY GOOD Mexican, go to Mi Pueblo.  I will never ever step foot back in Casa Rita's again!
2	It's not good. I ordered the pork tacos, and while the pork was delicious and tender, it was advertised on the menu as being "street style" but what arrived were flour tortillas. It was my mistake for not reading more closely, and they tasted fine, but the problem was the "street style" referred to them coming with onions and cilantro on the side. They did come on the side, of a plate so hot that I almost had a facial. The plate had spent time in an oven, then had fresh lettuce, onions, and cilantro plunked down... so it was almost like a fajita! Except that I didn't want cooked onions and cilantro. It also came with a lime. Fresh lime squirted on tacos is delicious. I managed to finally squeeze one drop from the shriveled lime I received. When I questioned the manager about the tacos and the hot plate he was very considerate and offered to replace the food, which was very nice.My daughter ordered tea and received water.We will never return. LaUnica is less than 7 miles away, and much much better for authentic street tacos.
2	Stick with Chipotle: Not impressed at all. Lacked a lot of flavor, wasn't very appealing and dry. They need to use a different type of cheeses and sauce for enchiladas. I hate when Mexican restaurants use cheddar cheese instead of the good white Mexican cheese., and brown sauce instead of the red. We over heard the server say they were known for their brisket, so we ordered that bad the chicken tacos...both were dry, and my friend said the brisket was about as tough as leather. Wouldn't recommend...go next door to Genghis Grill.
5	This is the only place I've found in Charlotte that makes their own flour tortillas.  The food is great authentic Tex-Mex, and the decor is spot on.I'd recommend the brisket tacos, bacon wrapped shrimp, the sopapillas, and the Tex-Mex martini.
5	My new favorite Mexican Grill!   Their salsa is richer in color and flavor than most. It is spicy, but not overbearing.  Their Pico de Gallo was a bit spicy, but really good, and their chips are ultra thin - my favorite type!  My entree was Baja Tilapia, and it was extremely good.  In addition to rice, it was served with Latin Stir Fry veggies (Cabbage, onion, thin strips of carrots, zucchini and broccoli - MUCH better than typical run-of-the-mill mixed veggies), black beans in a broth with onion (AWESOME) and pica de gallo on the side.   Quite honestly, I usually don't eat Tilapia often, but I remembered how good the tilapia was at another Mexican restaurant that I reviewed.  This was def. a great choice at Casa Rita's as well, and the garlic butter made it even better.  The restaurant wasn't crowded when we went at 4:00 - but was beginning to pick up as we were leaving.  My Margarita was very good, and their draft beer is so cold, that the taps are covered with ice - which I should have gotten a picture of!  I will the next time I go....and there will DEFINITELY be a next time.   The restaurant is located at Windsor Square Shopping Center, facing Independence Blvd.
5	Originally being from Ft. Worth, I completely appreciate the food at Casa Rita's - authentic TexMex in the tradition of the Mexican Inn. It has been open a little less than a year but it good. I love and miss brisket and I can get my fix here with their enchiladas and tacos.If you get a chance to try it, get a side of the spicy slaw. It is a good bit spicy but it's great on the soft tacos or just as a side. House made salsa also makes this place an up and coming gem in town.
5	Fantastic Tex-Mex joint.  The Pechuga Rellena & Beef Brisket are both fantastic options.  Multiple drink options.  Service is A+...every time we have been, we have not waited more than a couple of minutes before one of the staff offers us a refill of chips & salsa.  Excellent options on the kids menu also.
5	So far I've tried the brisket tacos and street style pork tacos. Both are fabulous! The service was wonderful and were eager to accommodate to my gluten free needs. In addition to their food, I've also tried several margaritas that are offered, all were excellent!
4	Fast and efficient service. Endless chips and  salsa. Salsa is mild but ok. The Texas Brisket in anything is fabulous! Unique and tasty and tender. We've had it a couple of times now - it's what separates them from competitors.
3	That was my first visit to Casa Rita's. My daughter and I both orderd the Fajitas. I had the shrimp and she had the steak and Shrimp. The yellow rice which came with the meal hardly had any taste to it. The plate it self was full of caramalized onions, and no exageration two pieces of grilled green pepper. The shrimps were over cooked. The service was less than average. Eventhough, the waitress was nice but we had to remind her each time we asked for something.
3	Chips and salsa, thin and crispy service was a bit patchy and it took longer then I think it should. Very friendly and the food was good and plentiful.
1	Those guys are the worst on the street. Staff and the manger Jason are Ridiculous, Rude, and attitude all the way. I will never step in to this place with the way how they do things. I don't know how they would hire those idiots to run this place
3	I came during lunch, but it didn't seem too busy. The servers seemed a little inattentive but that could also be because they're newly trained, so I'll forgive them on that front. I ordered the taco salad and while it was presented nicely, the taste was a little bland. The taco need they used was cooked well, but the combination with the shell, the lettuce, Guac, and pico, it just wasn't as appetizing as it sounded on the menu.
