4	Compared to other TGI Fridays, this one has the best decorations.  When you enter, you see a gigantic poster on a wall full of wacky and artistically placed quotes.  I forgot to mention that some of the staff were outside greeting guests, which was very welcoming.  They also had awesome teamwork when another waiter served our drinks.  Our main waiter was rather slow and just friendly enough, but to her defense she was pregnant.The Zen chicken potstickers hit the spot.  It was neither too greasy or "too American" (considering this wasn't a Chinese restaurant).  I loved the mixture of spices in the chicken topped off with the soy sauce dip.  Order a Mai Tai for a truly fruity, yummy drink.  Another friend ordered the Lava Flow, and we swore we felt like these drinks were from Hawaii!!  Mmm, mmm, good!!
4	I said let's go somewhere else but I wasnt buying so I had no choice. Ahhhh TGIF on a Saturday night about 8pm not too bad we got right in w a party of 4 +2 kid's. Our server Morgan did a great job considering the kids bothering her every min and my hub being a complete jerk. He was kidding but not everyone knows his humor and usually its not very funny. If I was his waiter I'd be pissed luckily my generous friend made up for her hassle in the tip. Food is consistently good here I have been maybe 3x all not my choice. Eagc time has been a pain free experience. The men seem to like the meat in the Jack Daniels sauce. I tried the Ahi Tuna burger's they are cute little burgers it came w some salad and some funky sauce that wasnt too memorable. See pics. Great place to take picky kids they will even serve them baby ribs can you feel the excitement of how fun this could be!?!?!
4	When I die I want to be buried in a coffin made of Jack Daniels chicken strips.  That way I know I'll be in heaven even if Peter denies me at the gates . . . Woah, I just out-smarted God!I swear, you can put Jack Daniels glaze on a petrified rat turd and even Top Chef snob Tom Colicchio would eat it.  It's that good.If you're ever torn between this Friday's and the Desert Ridge TGIF, stick with this one.  The Desert Ridge TGIF frequently has shite service and inconsistent quality control in the kitchen.  Happy Valley TGIF, on the other hand, is consistently pretty good.TGIFJD 4 life, foo.And the afterlife too!
4	So I was rather surprised on the fish sandwich. It was actually really good and it appeared that they do their batter for the fish! However the onion rings sucked hardcore! They tasted like straight up vegetable oil!So in the end I love this place but I do not recommend the onion rings.Also the servers are hit or miss when it comes to their looks.
1	WOW!  Crap-O!  We have gone to other TGI Fridays in the past and had a much better experience.  Stopped in here on our way back from a weekend trip.  Tried to go to a neighboring restaurant, but did not want to wait 45 minutes.  Low and behold we were able to get right in at TGIF!  I guess that should have been our first red flag!!  We were seated right away and our server took drink orders and apps order.  We ordered the Green Bean Fries - these were pretty good, but not as good as the ones at PF Changs.  I ordered the Dragon Fire Salmon, which comes with rice pilaf and broccoli.  My wife ordered the TGIF Shrimp, which comes with fries and all you can eat shrimp.  When our meals arrived, my plate looked like a garbage pile!  You know, like when you watch a cooking show and they keep throwing the scraps onto a pile somewhere on the side...Well, that was my plate!  A messy pile up of rice, broccoli, and salmon!  What a mess.  I had to deconstruct the pile of garbage before I could begin eating.  When the waitress asked how it was, and I told her the truth, she seemed to not really care at all.  Then the manager was making the butt-kissing rounds and asked how things were.  I repeated my minor complaint to her, and she just sort of shrugged and said "thanks" while she walked away.  Messy presentation aside, the salmon was pretty good.  The rest was ok.  My wife's meal was nothing special and she practically had to beg for the refill of shrimp.  Worst part, though, was the waitress.  Her name was Stephanie.  VERY inattentive to customers.  Took eons for her to notice we needed drink refills. Took forever to get the bill, as well.  Next booth over was luckier - they had a server named Jessica and she was super attentive and made me feel jealous that I was not seated in her section!  Overall we will NEVER eat here again!  No way, no how!
5	Kids eat free Mon & Tuesday with adult entree.  Stopped in today for a very late lunch at about 3:15pm.  It wasn't busy at all and the service was great.  Thanks Jim!  I had the lobster mac & cheese and it was REALLY good.  Rich, but really good.
4	Can't help but like the place.  I haven't been to this location in a while, but I've never had issues with service or anything and this guy this last time... he was BEGGING for a good tip with his behavior (he was AWESOME... thanks Matt).BTW... American Express employees... you get a discount. :)
3	Another 3.5 rounded to 4No one really cares about TGIAPPLECHILIS do they?This is better then Chilis, on par with Applebees but not near as good as outback. Decent prices decent food decent service.
5	5 stars for the Bar Tenders at Fridays Happy Valley. I've never had a bad experience at the bar top here, quick food service and excellent drinks. Chris and Marty are my go to guys.  Treat your bar tender with respect they will respond two fold. Never leave you unattended when you need something and will even stop by just to chat you up to see how things are going. Good place to start the night or grab something to eat before calling it.Managers come and go pretty quick in this place, says somethings about the employees that stick around.
4	This is my favorite location in the valley!
3	This place is decent, but between Fridays and Outback I'd go to Outback. What's good about this place: fast service, good drinks. The waiters are pretty attentive. There's much to be desired though when it comes to food.
5	Great place. I always have a great meal with great service.
2	Great salmon. Tough chewy bland steaks.  $40 worth of steaks returned (2 were tough and unpleasant), what did they give us?  A $5 desert.  Gee, thanks!  Won't be back.  Too many good restaurants in the area.
3	This location has a very tiny patio & the patio has a beatle (err.. cockroach) problem.  Althought the waitress was very forthcoming with this information and urged us to go inside to eat & drink.  She blamed the pest problem on the ditch right next to the restaurant.  I might just wait until i get back to surprise next time.
3	I came around 9pm with my bf after getting off work. We walked in the door and stood at the host podium for a few minutes looking around waiting for someone to greet us. It took a little before I caught who I think was the manager's eye and he said we could seat ourselves in the bar or he could seat us at a table. After we sat ourselves the bartender came and he was very personable and pleasant and pointed out the happy hour menu. I was impressed with their late night happy hour and ordered a $5 Ultimate Electric Lemonade. When the drink came out I was happy it was a decent size. My bf got the wings and said they were good also. Long story short, points knocked off for bad first impression but the food was good and timely, and late night happy hour will make me a return customer.
5	I am a regular here. Everytime I have been here the service has been wonderful. All of the employees are friendly. Chris and Jerrod are hard workers. The 2 for $20 deal is awesome. Become a rewards member to earn free dinners!! Highly recommended.
5	I love this Fridays.  The service is always amazing and so is the food.  They make really good drinks as well.  I really love their wings, they are so good!  Happy hour is good and we always can get a table in the bar for it.
2	The food is ok. Much better than Chili's and Applebees. I don't eat at these style places often, but it turns out this one is near my work. I was very middle-of-the-road on eating there till I tried their Crispy Chicken Sandwich, as it is pretty good.The service is always pretty good, and they are never too busy at lunch time, which is when I go. I had been going about once a week, sometimes with a co-worker.Then why the two stars, you may ask,Because this place opens at 11, for lunch. Lunch breaks are generally thirty minutes, or an hour. When a place says they open at 11, and want the "lunch crowd" then you better be on time.The last two times I went there, I arrived at 11am, on the dot. The first time they opened late, I though it was a fluke, and no worries.The second time I went there for lunch I arrived at 11am, on the dot. One employee was getting dropped off for work, so it was obvious there was a paying customer.I waited....11:05....11:10.....11:15....door wasn't opened - no one visible. While I was sweating, in the heat - as my lunch break was ticking by.At 11:15 or so, I left and drove across the parking lot to one of the other places that opens at 11 (all were open....) and was promptly seated and served (despite there being a party of 100...yes 100...)I won't eat at this particular location again. Twice in a row I had to wait in 100+ degree temperature because the Manager can't seem to open his location on time.
5	Had steak and lobster !  Surprisingly great stuff didn't know TGIF even had this on the menu! Fantastic!!!
3	Food ok. I tried a piece of steak, which was ok and also had a grilled chicken and rice dish with steamed broccoli. I appreciated that the broccoli didn't seem smothered in butter. This place is comparable to any other TGI Fridays.
3	Food is OK, Service is not the best even on a day when its not crowded.
5	I rarely get food,  but the happy hour specials draw me in at least once a week.  20 ounce draft beers,  including good beer (ie. not bud,  coors or miller),  for $3...  Great price for me.
5	Went here for my birthday and man let me tell you best experience at a restaurant in a long time Jimmy our waiter made us feel like we were very important and me feel special on my birthday ..... i will defiantly be back and bring lots of my family here ...Ask for JImmy :)
1	Food is halfway decent for a chain (same as every other TGIF)... But beware; bar service sucks.  Very inept bartenders.  Even if it is slow, they will make you wait forever.  Personally saw two people walk out on a tab, which I would never do..... but with that guy, I'm not surprised.
1	I have been here 5 times (which is 4 times too many) with my wife and kids and have been thoroughly disappointed EVERY time. There has not been a time where I've ordered something and they either didn't have it, or it was horrible.How this place remains open as part of the chain is a mystery to me. At least the service is half decent, unlike the food they serve.
2	The foods not bad. But if you can't find a place to sit in the bar you're outta luck for happy hour. Which I find it ironic at a place called thank God it's Friday!
2	I have always been a fan of TGI Fridays, but this location is ruining that for me. For some reason the food here is just not the same as other Friday's locations. Be cautious.
4	I've been going to Friday's for 35 years. The food is always good as is the service. The menu has changed over the years but it never disappoints. I recommend the whiskey cake for dessert.
1	We were seated in the bar, waiter took our order and I gave him the Stripes #. After other people delivered the food we never saw him again. I stopped a bar tender passing by and asked if we could get the ranch dressing we ordered. The fries were old, cold, tough so I stopped another gal and asked if we could have something else since they were not edible. No one checked back to see if we were ok. Finally about 20 minutes after we were done eating I stopped the bar tender again and said we had waited a very long time for the bill and whatever happened to our initial server. With professional polish she said they worked as a team and got the bill for us. The bill was wrong as we were charged for the chips and salsa plus my Stripes number was not on it. She handed it off to some other guy who said he would fix it. He only brought back the credit receipt to be signed and I asked him where the receipt showing my account number was, he then brought back a small slip of paper stating how many stripes I had. It looked like the same amount I already had. Anyway, what a fiasco!!! The really troubling part was that the staff was saying how dead it was in there, no business, and when we left there were at least 5 staff standing around talking at the hostess station and one of them said basically thank you and have a nice day. I would have to think long and hard about going back to that Fridays. Some one should have had the courtesy to say the waiter was leaving for whatever reason and that we are handed off to someone else. The bar tender could only say that she was sorry that we fell through the cracks. Really? Slow business day and we were lost to the staff? I think of how patiently we waited before I flagged someone down and now I feel like an idiot. We asked where other TGIFriday's were located and basically there were only two left, the others were closed down by the owner is what a waiter said. Sad, because I really love the service and Jack Daniel's ribs that I get when in California, but Arizona has gone very astray.
1	I took my family out to eat at TGI Fridays on happy valley rd.  while my husband and I spent time looking over the menu we placed or two kids orders and shared an appetizer. The kids food arrived with the appetizer, which was fine and we asked our waitress for mustard for our sons cheeseburger, which we never received. Our other son had the kids spaghetti. When our food finally arrived my son was to the bottom of his spaghetti bowl when he noticed something was wrong. My husband and I looked to find a roach lying in the bottom of the bowl. We sent our food back to the kitchen and asked for a manager. 15 minutes later the manager arrived and said he didn't know how this could happen and offered us free dessert. We declined, since at this point we'd all lost or appetite and were concerned with the cleanliness if the kitchen. We left without eating and don't plan in returning. Poor service and roaches in my child's food were more than enough, we won't be back.
1	Waited ten minutes for drink order to be taken. Then were told we had to wait because the kitchen was backed up. Then had to wait another 20 mins for check. Food was okay.
1	Friday's used to be soooo good years ago. Their service has always been excellent but their food has gone down so much over the years.We ordered their potsticker appetizer. It was doughy. Costco sells better tasting. My husband ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich and he commented you can easily tell it was frozen beforehand and it would have been better taste and money-wise to go to Wendy's and ordered a better tasting sandwich. I ordered the Cajun Shrimp & Chicken Pasta. When I read alfredo sauce, I'm thinking creamy. It was the complete opposite. It was covered in grease and there maybe was a teaspoon of melted cheese on top. There was a thick layer of butter on the bottom. Don't go here if you want good food. Go elsewhere. We wish we would have gone to Logan's or Red Robin or anywhere else but here and spend money on food that was good.
5	I love the staff here. They are super nice. I love the fried green beans app. Its amazing. I always get the chicken strips but my guy gets the Jack Daniels stuff. He loves it.  And let not forget about there new cookie dessert. Yum!
4	Finally made it out there again with a $25 gift card. Steak and lobster time for this lady. Hubby had ribs and shrimp and we shared our sides, sweet potato fries, ginger lime coleslaw, and the tomato mozzarella salad. My steak was very juicy and tender and the lobster was pretty good too. My husband's ribs were also very flavorful and cooked just right. They do however need to work on their sides. The coleslaw didn't taste like lime or ginger and was kind of soggy. The tomato mozzarella salad needs some type of dressing, I suggest balsamic vinegar. The sweet potato fries are good- I really like those.
5	Best meal we've ever had. Got the jack Daniels ribs and the hibachi chicken skewers. Mark was our waiter and he was absolutely awesome. Would come back to this Fridays any day !
3	I would like to start off with that the food was excellent I loved the Jack Daniels burger that I ordered what I wasn't satisfied with the service that was provided I asked for a refill on my drink which took over 30 minutes to get we had to ask him not once but three times for the refill then he finally decided to bring me my drink after having refilled my wives twice the value was decent for the amount of food that you are given in the quality I've never had a problem at Fridays before as I've always been provided awesome service so it might I've been just this waiter but I am judging my review off this visit so 3 stars is my stand.
2	My dining experience at T.G.I. Friday's started out exceptional. There was absolutely no wait (which I found odd for a Saturday night). The staff sat us in a booth (which was preferable due to us having four children). And our server was amazing and attentive.As excellent as everything was up to this point it saddens me to say that the food itself was...off. My cheeseburger was under-cooked. My son couldn't finish his kid's cheeseburger saying "every time I take a bite I feel like I'm going to throw up." And my wife said something with her Parmesan crusted flounder tasted weird. She said she couldn't determine if it was the fish itself or the breading but considering how sick it's made her already I'm assuming it was the fish itself.The rating I'm giving this experience is driven primarily on the quality of the food. When the food itself has your family feeling sick afterward it isn't a good thing. I may come back someday, but it probably won't be anytime in the near future.
