5	The best popcorn mixes I've ever had. I'm not a fan of peanut butter and chocolate but the Reese's popcorn mix was MONEY. I can't wait to try their other flavors.
5	Enjoy popcorn? Think it's okay but not something you can see yourself eating until you get sick to your stomach? Well get ready to have your world turned upside down!The Pittsburgh Popcorn Company is a wonderful little store located in a few locations. The location on Liberty Ave. used to be the one of my favorite little stops until "The Incident" occurred. (See bottom of review)They have different special flavors each month with a few standard mixes you can get anytime. If you like chocolate, check out the chocolate and caramel mix..it will make your hairs stand up in sugar coated glee. The prices are reasonable and the staff is very nice despite the fact of knowing that they will have the smells of popcorn stained into their skin for months to come. The only addition I would make to this place is to show movies and have a couch inside. That would be most enjoyable.If you are in the area..definitely check out this spot. "The Incident"It was a sunny day, I remember being in a more than normal good mood, a generous mood in fact. I strolled into the magical popcorn kiosk as it were and ordered some popcorn, a small bag because why kill myself since I knew I would in fact find a way to convince myself to finish every bit of it by the end of the day. I also ordered a root beer and the nice lady goes to the back to retrieve it. During that time I decide to leave a modest tip since I typically didn't. Well when I went to tip I hadn't realized I had thrown a 10 and not a 1 into the jar. My eyes grew wide and I realized my mistake. With some quick thinking I realized I could grab the 10 out and exchange it for a 1 since my overall cost was around 3 dollars to begin with. It was a great plan...Until my hand got stuck in the jar. As I looked up with a panicked face I had 4 angry looking staff members seeing me trifle through their tips. I tried to explain how I had meant to only leave a 1 but then somehow it probably seemed that their efforts were not worth a 10 and thus either way I was an asshole. I strolled out in shame and haven't returned since. So if their are any employees currently reading this..I apologize, I was not stealing your tips. Next time, I'll the leave the 10 in there despite any mistake in the process.
3	Cute shop with an old-timey feel to it. The popcorn is housed in these really nice wood and glass cases.Unfortunatley, it is not worth going out of your way for. I had better popcorn at PNC Park.It would be great if they offered more choices in flavors and sampler gift tins or boxes.
3	Wanted to stop in because I love Kettle corn...and free samples.  So this was heaven.The worker wasn't chipper but was nice enough to give us as many samples as we wanted and slightly tolerate our indecisiveness.  Finally chose Cheddar Bacon.  It's very flavorful and I'm going to enjoy it on the ride back to Philly today.Dear worker, sorry for the awkward tip moment where I realized I was putting in a 5 and switched it with a 1.  I'm not made of money.
4	Always a great variety of popcorns, which are perfect for gifts or just to treat myself.  Pricing is OK - I'm not sure what really is acceptable for gourmet popcorn.  Parking stinks at this location.
5	POPCORN  POPCORN   POPCORN!!!!!If you want delicious popcorn this is your place.  They have fantastic flavors and you can taste test before you buy!  My favorite is the Wisconsin Cheddar and Peanut Butter and Chocolate.  They are both delicious and are there all the time.You need to check their website for the flavors of the week.  There are always 4 different flavors.  They also usually have some flavors around the holidays for the holidays.  One of the best flavors that is not a staple is Sour Cream and Onion.I love this POPCORN and continue to stop there weekly.
5	"Nom-Nom-Nom"! The Reeses & kettle corn was PERFECT together!! I LOVE Pittsburgh Popcorn! The gents working the counter were full of useful facts & opinions! I suggest dropping by!!
4	Mmm. Thanks to my wonderful b/f Darren, I got to try some of their caramel chocolate popcorn and it cheered me up when he brought some home. Great snack!
5	I absolutely adore this place. I went last week to pick up some Jalapeno and Buffalo because they were seasonal flavors. So yummy! I went right before lunch, and I was hungry, so of course I sampled most of the options. They have a good variety of savory and sweet, as well as Chicago Blend, which is a combination of salty and sweet in one variety (caramel and cheddar).I also picked up some chocolate caramel, which was absolutely divine. I am so glad I got a small bag, or it could have been dangerous. I love that their caramel popcorn is not too too sickeningly sweet. It's sweet, don't get me wrong, but it's not too sugary, and doesn't make me sick as some super sweet things tend to do.You have the option to buy a small, medium, or large back of anything, and there are also small and large tin options as well. The small bags are around $4, the medium around $6, and the large around $8. For the quality, I think the pricing is very fair.I love treating myself to gourmet popcorn after a long work week. I think this will become a new tradition for me.
4	OMG POPCORNNNNNN! This is so amazingly delicious. I wish I did not love this popcorn so much, because every time  we have it in the house, I feel the need to house the whole bag in one sitting! I really liked the peppermint flavor they had with white chocolate for christmas. The chocolate caramel is pretty good too!
5	I love this place. The flavors are great. The store is very well themed. I do wish they had extended hours, especially when events are happening downtown in the evening.A flavor for everyone!
2	Went on 11/28/14. Chocolate peanut butter popcorn was beyond belief. Why 2 stars? Simply put, why hire someone to work with the public who cannot or will not work with the public. The clerk acted like she could not be bothered waiting on people, much less engaging in simple conversation.
