4	The Mexican fusion dishes are exceptionally delicious. The pricing is moderate, we had a large party for dinner and we tried various dishes. The Plato Mixto was a great choice for some of us. Ahi ceviche dish was served in a martini glass and garnished with chips. Brand new restaurant and bar, Bar is open til 3am.
5	Yelpers looking for a cozy Mexican restaurant should add this establishment to their list of go to places.  It's a new restaurant located just off Tropicana Ave by the airport.  Tons of parking, and easy access. We made a reservation on Yelp for a party of 6, and upon arrival they had our table ready and waiting.  Our party was running late so I took the liberty of having a few cocktails in the Loung Area which is just off to the side of the restaurant.  They have a few gaming machines to keep you occupied.  Very clasy looking bar with a friendly bartender. After being seated the service was prompt and attentive, drinks and the food came out quickly.  We tried the guacamole that's made table side, success!  Taste was right on. I had a steak dish with some sweet potato fries, the steak was a little dry for my liking so I asked for some cilantro butter and that pairing was delicious.  Everyone seemed to enjoy their food.We had Caramel Flan, and a few other things for desert. The Caramel Flan was AMAZING. So perfect, didn't leave that nasty bitter after taste you usually get. The manager and owner greeted our table with warm smiles and a sincere thanks for being among the first customers.  The bill was reasonable for a party of 6. If your looking for an elegant Mexican food experience, off the strip, somewhere you can go and converse without tons of noise and distraction then this is your place.
4	This place is right by my condo , so I decided to try it out , as I was craving some Mexican and Rita's for dinner! I was greeted promptly by hostess , but as a single diner , I had the feeling she was trying to get me to sit in the bar area , I opted for a restaurant seat , and felt a little bad , cuz they had to basically take out the other 3 settings , cuz I knew I was going to be eating good !! Lol , I was greeted promptly and courteously by my server , I started with the queso fundido with chorizo , which was oily ( expected ) but  was too salty for my taste, it did come out nice and bubbly , but couldn't take too much of the saltiness , for dinner I ordered the chile rellano , with rice and beans ( they do have  many other sides available ) the rellano was one one the best I've had in awhile very flavorful , not to spicy and oozing with cheese , not overly breaded or too heavy either !! I had a side of carnitas for 4$ ( good deal ) but basically took those home , they were pretty good and on the leaner side , I like my carnitas with a little balance of crispy fattiness , lol I'm glad I didn't get them for my entree , as I would have been disappointed . I did order a margapolitan?? Which was a nice variation of a margarita and Cosmo with both tequila and vodka !! It was served in a salted pint glass and highly recommended , I took home the chips, carnitas and the rest of the fundido ( as well as rice and beans ) to save room for dessert which was amazing , cheesecake flautas , crispy on outside with a sweet cheesecake filling drizzled with cinnamon sugar and chocolate !! Heaven !! I did eat that all up !! Drinks are a little on the pricey side and service was a bit rushed , I was in and out in about 45 mins with all 3 courses , entree came out while I was still on appetizer , but that is something I hope will be fixed as they learn their flow , I was one of only 4 tables at the time ! All in all I did enjoy my meal ! And probably will be back when the mood for sit down Mexican comes back ! Server did say that they soon will have a Sunday brunch and they do have happy hour specials ( think 3 to 6 or 7 ? ) would be a five star review , but the salty fundido and chips ( forgot to mention that ) and rushed service did take it down a bit !! Server was very friendly and attentive , just the timing was bad !!
5	First time customer and what a pleasant experience.  Food was an A+.  Service was great.  All food was delicious and fresh.  Will be back soon.
5	New spot in the BlueGreen resort behind MGM, not really walkable from the strip but not far either. They seemed to be working out the kinks still when we went but there weren't any mishaps when we went. We went on a Groupon, but prices didn't seem that bad anyway. Food was very flavorful and good portions. Huge pile of chips and salsa to start. I had crabcakes twice on my Vegas trip, here and at Bonefish. This one was an actual meal, while Bonefish's was a snack. It also came with these great corn pudding cakes and a nice sauce. Solid space too, sort of contemporary sort of cantina. Service was on point. The manager came over and talked to us for a little bit. He was from NY too and really casual and cool. He gave us four free drink vouchers to use at a later date. Overall solid spot. Nothing to complain about. Would certainly recommend.
3	This place is definitely not your typical authentic Mexican food place. However keep in mind that they are only open on Sunday's for brunch and I assume open on the other days for lunch and dinner. This place is super far from the strip and super close by the airport. The environment looked like industrial inside so that was cool but I didn't feel the Mexican vibe. I used a groupon and my deal didn't mention anything about not using it on Sunday so I couldn't use it on dinner so the manager or owner was generous enough to give us a deal anyway, hence the 3 stars. The reason why I rate this place low is bcuz I found a hair in my sausage breakfast sandwich, which by the way their breakfast is over priced. Its something anyone could make at home especially since they give you this small sandwich bread. The waiter was extremely nice to us as well. She also makes up for the 3 stars.
5	Went there the first time on Wednesday with the follks who are staying at the Bluegreen this week. Everything was delicious.  Fantastic service. Definitely coming back!!!!
5	Very nice place off the road in strip mall type of buildings. Our waitress Susy was very friendly, helpful and attentive. She offered the spicy salsa which was awesome!  All other staff were also friendly. Food was delicious and nicely presented. Will return on our next visit!
1	What a disappointment!  Walked in and the decor is nice and place  was clean.  Figured we would try the table side guacamole since people were saying it was good.  It's ok, but nothing special besides the fact that it's made table side.  Ordered the carnitas con chile verde. Carnitas were far from a delicious dish. Just because you throw salsa  on some meat, warm it up and lather the meat with it does not mean you know what your doing .   Tried the enchiladas and it's hard to screw those up.  So they were ok.  Rice was good and beans not to shabby.  tortillas were not good, not that they have to be home made , but at least heat them up correctly.  Defiantly needs help with at least these two dishes. I would like to say I might give it another chance , but as of now I don't think I would go back.  The chips were at least good and served warm.  The red sauce served with chips was basically bad tomato puree or ketchup. The green salsa however was the only thing out of everything that was delicious.   Not only is this as of now in my opinion and from what I tasted far from authentic it is in need of a lot of help.  If you want a good meal this is not the place. If you want chips and amazing avocado salsa with your chips then come here !
5	Found this place on Yelp and we were in the area so we decided to stop in. The food here was excellent!! Your free order of chips includes a green salsa, red salsa, and pickled veggies. Warning: The veggies are VERY spicy. Delicious if you can handle the heat though!For dinner, I ordered the chicken enchiladas. It comes with three and you can choose green or red sauce. I'm horrible at making decisions so I had to get both and am glad I did because they were equally delicious. I almost ate my entire plate and wasn't even that hungry. My boyfriend order the steak burrito and the steak was some of the most tender and flavorful I've ever had in a burrito.This restaurant is one of our new favorites and will definitely be back to try other menu items!
1	Wow , I have never had to update a review , but WOW !! This place had its problems before , but it's completely not worth the visit !! The girl behind bar ( Jill , I think they called her ) was probably the worst  server/bartender ever !! I sat down and had to wait for her to notice me , as there were only 6 people at the bar , you would think it wouldn't be hard , but ??? When she finally noticed me , I asked for a menu , and she gave me a bar menu , I asked for a full dinner menu , and ordered the chicken quesadilla (a couple bucks cheaper) from bar menu and carnitas tacos from reg menu at this point , I was ready to order a drink but she disappeared ( not even water ) when she came back I had to repeat my order and said "quesidilla first " she then repeated my order back to me wrong !! So I had to correct Her again ! She then went off again and still no drink ! I got chips and salsa , with 2 salsas , then she finally came back and asked if I wanted anything to drink , I ordered a drink that I had ordered previously , the cosmorita but she said they don't have the ingredients to make it. ??? Wtf ??? So I ordered a reg margarita , eh!! That came out about the same time as my food, which appetizer and entree were together !! And with no silverware !! The food runner noticed and luckily brought me some ! At this point a skinney Hispanic guy and stocky women came into bar , and I'm assuming they were managers , but neither noticed or bothered to ask how things were , and they were in the seat next to me!! The quesidillas had bones in it !! Luckily on last bite ! And by the time I got to tacos they were cold and flavorless , about 50% salsa the rest tortilla and then meat in that order !! I gave up on eating and moved everything off to the side ! At this point still no one came to ask how anything was !! Another guy walked in bar and sat next to me , after about 5 to 10 mins the skinney Hispanic man , asked him if he had been helped and he politely said no and ordered a drink , he was served by the Hispanic man , and about 5 min later the bartender asked if he needed anything !! She then noticed that my plates were stacked and asked if she could take them ! There was no " was everything ok ?" Nothing ! Not even an offer for another drink which was sitting empty !! Eventually the Hispanic man came back and asked if I needed anything else , I just asked for check and he yelled out to bartender to get it for me! Which took another few minutes because she didn't have a pen , they had to ask the guy next to me for the pen back !! Finally got the check and paid & got my change from a 100$ bill plus 65 cents in nickels !! Btw some people at bar got 2 salsas others 3 ?? All in all I would never be back !! If I wanted bad margaritas , overpriced so-so food ( which I was charged full price for quesidilla and not the bar price ) there are many other choices to be had !! And as I quote one of the servers who was one of the 6 at bar when asked by another patron who was sitting at a bar table if this was his restaurant " he said heck no , if I open a restaurant , it's going to be an Italian one !! Hmm maybe it that's what will open at this location next !! It's kinda sad , but this restaurant had promise when it first opened and went straight down !!!
4	Wife and i went here as we were staying at Blue Green Resort.  Chips and salsa were very good, and the margaritas were excellent too. Not the fastest bartender but she did a great job making them. Wife had chicken enchiladas which she said were very good.  I had tacos al pastor which were also very good.  We have truly been to hundreds if not a thousand mexican restaurants over the past 40-50 yrs and this was certainly good enough to come back to again.  Staff was very friendly, place is very clean and worth the visit.
3	Bought a Yelp deal for Tequila Restaurante. The quality of food was much better than average. Priced on the higher end as well.However, they got my order wrong. Twice. The second time I didn't bother asking for a replace, as the lunch was getting late already. And they weren't busy, at all. Only one pair of customers other than us.It's a good restaurant in its own right, but considering that we have a lot of great Mexican restaurants in town, their chance for winning is thin, I have to say.
