5	New College stands proudly looking over the mound, connecting Princes St to the Royal Mile. Looking Southwards from Princes St, it helps make up an impressive line of old stone 18th and 19th century architecture, the "quintessential Edinburgh".New College houses the Edinburgh University School of Divinity. My time spent with Religious Studies as an outside course acquainted me well with the wonderful building which is New College.New College was opened in 1846 as a college of the Free Church of Scotland but since the 30s has been home to the School of Divinity. It's chief purpose is probably still to produce ministers for the Church of Scotland, but Theology and RS students now make up a significant part of the student body. New College is one of the largest and most renowned centres for post graduate studies in Theology and RS in the UK. But you don't need to be a student to appreciate the fine architecture and atmosphere of the place (which in my opinion, and The School of Divinity is most definitely not my chief School, is the best). Outside in the courtyard, which is easily accessible to non-students, is an interesting stature of John Knox, and an opportune moment for a photo. Overall a great, free, opportunity to see a great historic building
5	When I was at university I was also looking for different places to study. They library, good as it is, can get a bit stuffy and boring, and cause your mind to go numb. It's also full of people I hate because I'm so misanthropic.So I was really happy when I discovered I could go and study in New College. First of all the building is magnificent. Right at the top of the mound, overlooking New Town, it's a pretty decadent setting for study. Inside the library is full of character, and makes a refreshing change from all the other university buildings.If you're not a student then you can get in the courtyard and have a look round. The statue of John Knox looking like Dumbledore overlooks you as you walk it and, as Jonny says, is a great photo opportunity. During the festival this place because one of the Assembly venues and the courtyard houses a bar and a few tables - also well worth a look.
5	I rarely enter or leave New College via the front gates since, as a post grad, I have access to the convenient secret back door entrances, but every time I have to go the library I pass through the courtyard and am astounded at how many tourists are there taking pictures. Then, of course, I look around me and feel foolish for being astounded.New College is gorgeous. It makes me feel like a Hogwarts student every day. The spire of the Hub is perfectly framed by the building and looks amazing at sunset. Turn around and look miles out over the Firth of Forth -- on a clear day, it's the most beautiful vista. Imposing stone John Knox reminds me that focusing too hard on my studies can lead me to neglect the beauty of Edinburgh...If you're a tourist, feel free to take many photos in the courtyard but please don't be upset when students walk right through them. We can't go around every single one of you, and it is a place of learning. Pro tip: The library, a former church with beautiful stained glass windows ringing the stacks, requires a University ID to get in, but a few librarians are known to allow tourists in for a peek if they're quiet and polite. Don't ruin it for those who come after!
4	Research and writing...Perk of being a student...Place to hideaway.
