5	This doctor's office truly cares about patient care.  After a long night of hot and cold, then  waking up with my throat swollen shut and huge lymph nodes, I attempted to call my former ENT to see if they could get me in for an 'urgent appointment'.  I figured since they know all my ENT/medical history it was better to go to them than some minute clinic, also I was pretty extremely ill so an ENT was probably most appropriately suited for the job.  My old doc's office told me, after waiting on the phone for 20minutes, that i couldn't get in for 4 days.  I almost went to urgent care, but the thought of waiting forever in a waiting room made me nauseous.  Instead I called the closest ENT that seemed to have good reviews on-line, and that is how I came to know the wonderful people at Dr. Kurt Heiland's practice.  They squeezed me into the schedule that afternoon, and were truly sympathetic to my ailments on the phone.  Dr. Heiland and his staff were very professional and nice, even with a very busy day at the practice.  He was also very clear and directly spoken, and made sure all my questions and concerns were answered.  I survived my illness of course, but I truly appreciate everything they did for me when I felt like I was on my death bed!!
5	This is the best ENT in town....if you were referred there, it was your lucky day....Dr. Heiland has great bedside manner and truly cares what is ailing you and how he can help.....I highly recommend this practice...
5	Dr. Heiland truly offers each patient a "best practice" experience.  The staff is honest, kind and will help educate you with realistic expectations.  Dr. Hamila is an elite Audiologist in the Hearing Center who will prescribe the necessary hearing technology to assist your specific hearing loss.
5	Over the past two months, I have seen Dr. Heiland twice and I am SO glad that I did.Back Story:I had been insanely ill for two weeks with what I thought was a cold. After realizing that my throat was oddly swollen on one side, I went to the Walgreens clinic and was diagnosed with a "mystery infection". 10 days of antibiotics later, the infection hadn't gone away. I was recommended to Valley ENT by a friend and the first time I called, I spoke with Lauren.Lauren was incredibly pleasant and encouraging during this first call. My insurance had lapsed after I was laid off, and I was stuck needing a doctor with no insurance. Lauren encouraged me to have COBRA reinstate my insurance, but told me that in the mean time, the first office visit would be $250 (which covered all procedures done in office). Of course, that sounded steep, so I said I would think about it.That night, my fever spiked to 102-- the next day, I called Lauren back, begging for an appointment. The doctor who I was originally referred to (whose name I can't remember) was unavailable, but Lauren said she could get me in THAT DAY with Dr. Heiland. I happily took the appointment.First Appointment: Sept 4th My boyfriend drove me to the office for my 3 o'clock appointment. We ended up waiting for a full hour before I was seen. Of course, I was unhappy (and sick) about this, but I often expect to wait in doctor's offices. During our wait, we checked out the massive fish tank. The office staff offered us bottles of water and magazines and apologized for the wait.I was called back and the medical assistant (I think) escorted me into the exam room. She was nice, took my temperature and got some details from me. Dr. Heiland came in shortly thereafter and all I can say is wow. Let me list out the reasons I was so impressed:1. Dr. Heiland sat down, away from the computer, with a pen and pad of paper. He said that he had read over my chart, but wanted me to describe to him what had been going on. I'm a SUPER detailed person, so I rattled off the whole story. Dr. Heiland scrawled notes the whole time, asked me more detailed questions, and even included my boyfriend in the conversation. His full attention given to me the whole time. Awesome. He even had a sense of humor, which is always welcome.1a. When Dr. Heiland had to examine me, he informed me that I had nice ears and teeth and that my nasal cavity curved to the left. This entire exchange was really fun/funny-- and totally nerdy. Two thumbs up.2. Dr. Heiland was really knowledgeable about all things ear-nose-and throat (and it was clear). He explained that I had an infected lymph node, why it was making me feel the way it was, what we would do if it got better, and what we would do if it didn't.3. At no point during our encounter was I lost in "doctor jargon". If anything was unclear, and either my boyfriend or myself asked, Dr. Heiland would explain more in detail. Not at all condescending, but completely helpful.4. When giving me another 3 week dose of antibiotics, Dr. Heiland recommended a brand of probiotic pills and Activia yogurt to help my system. He even prescribed an anti-fungal in advance, in case it became an issue. This made me feel like he was really considering my whole body/looking at the big picture.5. I got all of this great service DESPITE my not having insurance. He also encouraged me to get COBRA, as if we needed to remove the lymph node, it would be expensive-- but he didn't make me feel bad about not having insurance. Kind and supportive all around.Our appointment lasted at least an hour, if not more. The entire staff stayed after the office had closed, because we were the last patients to leave. They didn't rush us out, everyone was so nice. We were blown away.Initially, I deducted 1 star from my review for the hour wait, but when I realized how much time and attention Dr. Heiland dedicated to each patient, I added the star back, because no one likes being rushed, and it is important to really HEAR your patients.Second Appointment: October 4th @ 2.My infection had resolved itself, thank goodness! I went in for a follow up appointment just to verify. My appointment was at 2, but again, we didn't see Dr. Heiland until later (shrug). Once we did, Dr. Heiland was really nice and funny, as usual. The visit/exam was only about 10 minutes. He did explain precautions/what to do in the future, but it was an in and out kind of office experience.Perhaps the best part was that when my boyfriend and I left the exam room, the two medical assistants AND the office staff stood up and shouted "Yay!" and clapped for my lack of infection. It was seriously adorable. I maintain 5 stars for this entire situation, despite the tardiness. I really valued being listened to and being treated like a whole person. I think it's great that Dr Heiland's whole office team are so nice. I like EVEN MORE that he treated my infection and it went away. Thank you!!
1	This guy is the most arrogant, obnoxious, belittling, disregarding, supercilious, superior, snobbish, disdainful, lofty, haughty, smug, conceited "doctor" in the valley. DO NOT GO TO HIM.Don't believe me? Read almost EVERY OTHER REVIEW on the internet about him.
1	I beg you, please don't go to this doctor.A week ago I developed a very painful lump under my chin.  It's something that developed overnight.  I didn't feel sick at all, so normally I would've waited a day or two to see if it went away, but I was in extreme pain and had an important certification exam the next day, so I visited an urgent care facility.  The doctor there diagnosed me with an infection, prescribed an antibiotic and a pain killer, but referred me to an ENT to be sure it wasn't anything more serious.  The doctor I was referred to was not available, but I was given an appointment with Dr. Heiland for 3 days later.  In those 3 days I got worse.  I developed a fever, experienced dizziness and vomiting, and the pain killers hadn't helped at all.  I was SO looking forward to my appointment with Dr. Heiland because all I wanted was some relief.Unfortunately my appointment was a huge disappointment.  To start, the woman on the phone insisted I had to be 20 minutes early, yet Dr. Heiland saw me 45 minutes after my scheduled time, which means I waited over an hour.  When I finally saw him he clearly had no interest in my problem.  He'd ask questions but would interrupt me while I was answering, he barely looked at me and directed anything he had to say to my husband instead of me (my husband drove me since I had been dizzy and nauseous, but he wasn't the patient).  While sitting across the room and barely looking up from his pad, he told me the diagnosis I got at urgent care was probably right and that I was already on an antibiotic so there was nothing else he could do. When I told him how much pain I was in and that the prescribed pain killers weren't helping he said the pain wouldn't subside until the lump was gone and that could take up to 6 weeks.  So essentially he did nothing for me.  Instead he thought it was best to comment on my adult acne and recommend things that had worked for his teenage daughters.  Thanks, but I've been struggling with acne for years, and I already have a dermatologist.I had also mentioned on my paperwork that I had been having some diminished hearing in my left ear.  Mind you, this had nothing to do with the lump and was an issue I had been having for over a year but hadn't made time to see a doctor.  I figured I would bring it up since he is an ear doctor after all.  After taking an extremely quick look at my ear he said to leave it alone and it would go away on its own.  Well clearly that's what I had been doing and it didn't work, but thanks.It was clear he was in a hurry and trying to make up for being behind schedule.  The absolute best part was when he was done, he opened the door and walked out while he was still talking, and continued to yell at us while he walked down the hall.This was the absolute worst experience I've ever had with a doctor.  He was rude and condescending and did absolutely nothing to help me.  It was a complete waste of time and money and I wouldn't recommend him to anyone.
5	I have suffered from year round allergies especially when outdoors which I am often because I love outdoor sports.  I have been treated by an allergy doctor with both over the counter and prescription medications.  For many years these medications were sufficient.  This winter my allergies became worse than ever.  My nose was stuffed up and/or running all the time.  I could not get a good nights sleep.  I was getting nose bleeds from blowing my nose so much.  I contacted Dr. Heiland's office and was directed to Julie Kramer PA-C, physician's assistant since she could see me the following day.  Julie spent one hour with me making sure that I had no other illness which exhibit the same symptoms.  After confirmIing that I had a mild sinus infection along with the allergies, she suggested an antibiotic gel and  steroid injections administered in my nose.  The next day I woke up with a clear nose.  I could again breathe properly.  IT WAS LIKE A MIRACLE!The real test was going outside on a windy day for a round of golf.  The shots worked magnificently.  I have been able to cutback on my prescription medications and only use them as a backup when I am outside for more than several hours.  Julie's medical assessment and recommended treatment have really changed my life so that I can fully enjoy the sports I love.Julie has a warm and friendly personality.  She is very competent, competent and professional.  I highly recommend her.
1	If you have an extra 1 - 2 hours to WAIT in the waiting room, go right ahead.  And then if you want to put up with him ignoring your concerns or talking about HIS weekend, go right ahead.  And if you want to be treated by a rude office staff, go right ahead.  Restaurants do a better job with over-booking than this office.  Airlines do a better job of over-booking than this office. Get the idea?They are REALLY fast to get your money, like as soon as you tell them who you are.  Then the fun begins and the lonnnggggg wait. Four visits and 3 of them were over an hour for some one to call you to the back,   I am going to ask my physician to take this doctor OFF of her recommendation list.
5	I have very sever chronic sinusitis so I have been to my share of ENT's and allergist in the valley, and i have to tell you, this is the best ENT that I have come across. I see others posting about long wait times, and that just hasn't been my experience, and even if it was, I expect wait times when i go to the dr. And I also saw posts saying the dr was rude.. Not my experience either. He is just very straightforward and to the point which is what i need in a Dr. If I want a comedian or a socialite, I will go to the comedy club or bar.  What I like best is that they are very thorough and take the time to really explain in layman terms what is going on and answer all my questions which does takes a considerable amount of time. Also, they do culture directed therapy for persons like myself who are living with chronic sinusitis which is really smart. Other dr's tend to prescribe the equivalent of a nuclear bomb antibiotic (Levequin) without even knowing the bacterial strain and whether such a toxic antibiotic is needed.  Going the culture route means you are getting the right antibotic for the job, which means less resistance issues down the road and less chance of developing MRSA, and overall better long term outcomes.And they use a steriod/antibiotic sinse rinse that has helped more than any other treatment i have been prescribed. It doesnt fix the problem entirely, but it makes my condition somewhat manageable at least and i wouldnt live without it. The PA for Dr Heiland is excellent as well. If you have a serious sinus disorder and need help this is the place. Period. He has accolades for best ENT in the valley for a reason.
5	This is the BEST! ENT in the Valley.I've been seeing Dr Heiland for almost 11 years I came down with Stage 4 neck cancer he took me under his wing and prayed for me and made sure I received the best care. I've also sent all my family and friends to him they LOVE him plus I've noticed nurses and staff at the  hospitals I've been to also love Dr Heiland and there families all see him. I trust Dr Heiland with my life his just amazing person.
