5	My husband and I have grown so much spiritually since joining the church in 2007.  Attending has helped us to work to recenter our life around Christ, the sermons are easy to understand and incorporate in daily life.  The members are kind, and there is a nice balance of humor and seriousness.
3	This is a review for this church as a concert venue only.I came here to see a concert called Oscar and Steve--songs whose lyrics were written by Oscar Hammerstein and Stephen Sondheim.The church was a good venue for the show.  There aren't that many rows so everyone had a good view of the singers.  The church has seats rather than pews.  The only thing I looked for was an arm rest.  No.  The seats don't have them.I'd definitely come back here for another concert.  The parking is great and it's a short distance from the freeway.Props to the folks of the church for their sense of humor for naming their espresso bar HEbrews.  I thought that was catchy.
4	Just saw the best Christmas show/celebration put on by a church.Nice mix of songs and participants from the handbell choir, soloists, dancers and the  band.It was a real treat. In fact it was so good you'd likely feel guitly not leaving a small donation on your way out.They had to turn people away at the door.  All seat were filled about 10 minutes prior to show start.The Living Christmas Tree was a sight to see.  It's a platform dressed up to look like a Christmas tree in which the choir sits on, row by row, all the way to the top.This tree has 11 rows and at least 40-50 people make up the "living" tree.  This tree must be close to 30 feet tall.Despite the great show the songs were true to Christ as I recall and the Pastor was sure to bring that point home without sounding "preachy".Although I visited this church for Sunday services many times years back I am regularily attending a great non-dom church.Even if you aren't a church goer you will not regret checking this annual event out and might even discover something you've been missing in life.
