4	Got some cheap dish cleaning utensils. In, out , easy. Obviously good prices.
4	This Dollar Tree is in the same center as the Wal-Mart and Goodwill but over on the other side.  I might not have found it if I hadn't seen the bright green letters across the parking lot and through some tree branches.It isn't one of the bigger ones but had some of the things I needed.  I only spent $4.  It was the second DT of three I went to this day.  It is very well kept up and the clerk was pleasant.
5	I've been to this Dollar Tree quite a few times as it's on my way home from dropping my kids off at school.  I had been looking for a particular water bottle that my husband got from the Dollar Tree near where we live, which is out in Power Ranch.  I'd been to several Dollar Trees, Wal-Mart, Target, CVS, Walgreens and couldn't find anything remotely close.  I couldn't even find it on Amazon, but I did find it online at the Dollar Tree, as well as other bulk distribution places, which I would have to buy in massive bulk.Finally, I thought to call various Dollar Trees.  I had called this Dollar Tree as the first place and I asked Lorena who had picked up the phone if she could locate for me a Dollar Tree that had what I wanted.  I wanted a very specific item and described it to her, as well as gave her the SKU #.When I called another Dollar Tree, they said they didn't have it and I asked if they could look for me and the manager said none of the individual Dollar Trees could see another store's inventory.  Within 15 minutes or so, Lorena calls me back and tells me that she located a Dollar Tree that had the water bottles I wanted.  Bingo!  It happened to be a Dollar Tree we had physically gone to that didn't have it when we went.  They had gotten a shipment that day and it was not out on the shelves yet.  Anyway, I don't know how many stores Lorena had to call, but she did it without making excuses or complaining.  She even texted me a picture of what I was looking for to make sure it was the right thing.This is an example of a really good employee that is SUPER customer service oriented.  I never got to see Lorena in person, but I hope she gets promoted quickly and she is awesome!!!  Thank you for helping me.  My husband was ecstatic and thank you for making it easier for me!!!
