4	Pretty good and quick service. My wife walked in here wanting the Reva shoe. She picked out the color and they were helpful and pleasant. The couches were comfortable and I was glad that we got to be in and out of there really quick.As we were leaving, I asked the salesperson what Tory Burch made first, bags or shoes or what. She said they made shoes first which is a huge plus since it feels like the shoe will stay timeless and I wouldn't want her to have shoes from a company that specializes in purses.
5	Loved this store!I've been wanting to see the Dena Messenger bag in person for a few weeks now and I finally made my way over to the store in the Forum Shops.  The store can be found at the end of a "cul-de-sac" in the Forum Shops.  I almost didn't even walk down that way as there wasn't a whole lot going on.The store is super tiny.  How tiny?  The cash register is in the back storage somewhere.  Which is kind of refreshing not to see people standing in line.  Rather you just hang out and they go in the back, ring you up, come back out and have you sign the receipt and bring out your purchase in a beautiful Tory Burch pink and orange bag.So like I said, I've been wanting to see the Dena Messenger bag in person and the really nice sales lady said they have been sold out for a few weeks and just got two back in stock.  I immediately loved it and bought it!  She was really helpful with how the bag can turn into three different purses and adjusted the straps for me.They have clothes, shoes, accessories and of course purses in the store.  I found like five pairs of shoes that I wanted but needed to jet outta there.  My husband said he actually really liked the store- go figure!I'll will definitely be back to fill my shoe craving!
5	I came here with a friend who was shopping. I did try on a pair of shoes, but they didn't have the next size up. They offered to order it for me, but I declined. I thought this store was really small, like claustrophobic small. I had to leave for a quick minute. Too many people in the store and they all ended up being representatives and shift changes going on.I had a great time chatting with the reps while my friend was making up her mind. And they were playing good music, so I was getting my groove -- and they were totally down with it. Nothing inappropriate. I think they were playing motown. Anyways, the staff was really nice, and can hold good convos when friends are trying to make up their minds. Good times for sure. Ha at Tory Burch.
4	Let me start off by saying that I like Tory Burch as a designer and as a brand. There now that we're clear lets start the experience.The store itself is relatively small, that they don't have a register and have to go to the back to swipe your card and then serve you you're bill. If you're planning to have a group shopping date, be aware of the space limitation. I don't mind but it had to be said.HOWEVER, the service compensates for the humble square feet. It was mother's day weekend so we were shopping for our beloved mommies. The ladies (how I wish I had remembered their names) were very accommodating and patient. I think we spent an hour or more in the store deciding for the purchase, the bf had to consult his sister via iMessage so he was constantly taking pictures, I know some stores prohibit this but the ladies understood and didn't mind. It also helped that the store is opened til midnight so we didn't feel like we were in a rushWe finally decided on a red saffiano leather wallet so we had someone get one new one at the back. She came back with 2 wallets.. and she presented us with a beautiful other style wallet. It was laser cut leather on leather style. It looked so refined and polished. Very pretty. So we opted to get one instead.They had offered free gift wrapping, of course we took it.. The store was busy that time so it took quite a while, they offered us a bottle of water while waiting so yey! When we finally finished we were handed off the purchase which was inside a gift bag bearing the Tory Burch logo and ribboned with a purple lace inside the signature pink and orange shopping bag. Yes for presentation.
4	I really like Tory Burch! The employees here are really nice and helpful. It's really nice to step into a store where you don't feel like the employees are snobby. Seems like they have lots of mark downs, so it doesn't hurt to ask. It's always a plus to be offered some water... or beer when you're shopping. Total plus!
4	2014 YELP 100 CHALLENGE - 34/100Nice Tory location! Supposedly they're moving it to a different space at the Caesar Forum shops later on this year, but for now it's by Henri Bendel and the MAC Cosmetics store.Came in here the other day just to browse. I wasn't planning on buying anything, but I always like to pop into any Tory Burch store I run into because she's my favorite designer :)This location is kinda small. I've never seen a layout quite like this one, but there's very little room. Perhaps they're moving to take over a large space? I'm not sure.The sales associates were very friendly and greeted me upon entry. I overheard another woman who had come in right after me. She had come from the Palazzo Tory Burch location and put a purse on hold at this location. The sales associates helped her quickly and efficiently and it seemed to be an easy transaction!They had a great selection of Tory's shoes at this location. Unfortunately, you can't see them all laid out together because they have these weird column-like shelves where they store the shoes.Other than that, everything at this location was great! Nothing bad about it :)
5	They moved to a larger store.  They are still at Caesars but now closer to Red Valentino and St. John.  This store has some of the best service compared to other Tory Burch stores.  The staff works well as a team I saw them help each other out.  Excellent customer service.
5	I love this Tory Burch. I came in a few weeks ago with my handsome and when I first walked in I thought "oh this store is tiny" but as I walked in some more the store kept going and going and I got giddy! I was just browsing and everyone that works there was extremely friendly and not in a phony sales way. They were down to earth, not pushy and asked questions about us. I was looking at a purse and one of the sales ladies asked if I would like to see it in a different color but I didn't because I wasn't so sure on it. I am going to Vegas in July and handsome knows I love my Tory Burch and he gave me some spending $$ to shop there specifically. I will be coming in!
