1	What a piece of garbage this place is.  They've turned this really cool restaurant with great food into a horrible food court type.  If you love your meatballs soaking in warm water, inside a heating table then this is the place for you.  Yep meatballs made who knows when, & boy do they taste like it.  We went there last year when it was in Union Square.  What a cool place, & the food was incredible.  Now, it gets bought out, they get rid of the master chef & turn it into total dog food.  My only regret besides trying this was that I didn't take a picture of the meatballs in the water.  Such a disappointment, & the sauces didn't taste fresh at all.  Way to go, thanks for ruining a great restaurant.  I hope the bottom falls out of your bottom line.  Your meatballs suck now, and I will never return.  Zbaros is more like it now !!!! Awful, Awful, Awful !!!
1	I really hate writing bad reviews but I am left with little option when the best thing about this place is their Coke machine.  It is one of those where you can customize all these flavor add-ins.  Their meatballs are not too good. I ordered the Original, and even though the flavor was acceptable, it had some kind of grisly bits in it.  I have no idea what it was, but it had a most unpleasant texture.  I was too scared to take it out of my mouth and look at it, so I did the next best thing...I swallowed it.  The meat sauce that it came with was almost as bad - salty and no flavor.  But I did find it amazing that the vegetables I ordered tasted just like the ones served at my school cafeteria.  How do you take carrots, broccoli, and squash, and boil the shit out it so that they all taste the same? I tried to force myself to finish those, but was prevented from doing so by the pieces of broccoli bark.  Seriously, you are not supposed to cut up and serve the base of the broccoli.  It is too woody and fibrous.  I must look like a beaver.  They also had some pizzas on display, but ironically, they did not look as tasty as the meatballs.But the family that owns it is very nice.  I will continue to buy my sodas from them in the future.
4	Well tonight, my first time at this location, I enjoyed the Classic Spicy Meatball sub.  Pretty good I must say.  Came served nice and hot!  I do miss the old location at Town Square but at least we have a sorts of Meatball Spot back in action.  The seating is great for people watching too-  you know there's a few characters that go see Britney ;) ).Good service and I love that Soda machine.  Pick what you want to drink and push the button.  Perfect.I'll be back asap to try something else when I want to be bad on my diet- maybe one of the Parmesan sauces!
3	My sandwich was fine. The spicy meat sauce was a little runny, but the flavor was pretty good. Tried three different kinds of meatballs on my sandwich and figured I probably wouldn't even be able to tell the difference, but I could. They were all good, but I liked the classic one best. The bread was nice and soft, but didn't fall apart. They charged a buck extra for some mozzarella and/or parmesan cheese, I thought that was kind of ridiculous, but the sandwich and drink weren't expensive by Vegas shopping mall food court standards, and it was plenty to eat.
5	My girlfriend and I were on our way to the Britney Spears show and we were running late so we couldn't go to dinner and we were starving!We ended up hitting up this spot and ordering two slices of pizza, although they were only pepperoni pizza they were pretty amazing!The bread was tasty, the sauce tasted great, and the pepperoni was just right! Want a quick bite to eat, grab a slice of pizza from this spot!
2	I had such high hopes for this place... But then I walked up and saw the meatballs drowning in day-old sauces. I ended up ordering the meatball sampler (four meatballs and a side - my eyes were bigger than my stomach). I had two chicken and two turkey meatballs and the mac and cheese as my side. The mac and cheese was literally bland pasta with watery cheese sauce. My meal was disappointing. I am going to assume that their actual restaurant has fresher food.
4	Just walking around Planet Hollywood looking for a quick bite to eat before we hit the pool party. I wasn't as hungry as I normally am in the morning, so I just wanted something light. Especially, if I was going to a pool party. Shouldn't stuff your face before a pool party in Vegas. HahaAnyhow, it's a stand located in the shopping area of PH. You can make Meatball subs, sliders, pasta, or just eat it from a cup. They serve bread sticks, salads, and even pizza. There are four types of meatballs they serve: Classic (beef, chicken and veal?); Pork; Chicken; and Turkey. You can choose the type of sauce you want over your meatballs.I went with the Turkey and tomato sauce with my slider. It was pretty tasty. didn't have much of an appetite so one slider was enough for me. Give it a try.
4	Really great for a quick bite to eat (especially good drunk food). Cheap. Good portion sizes. ..but they are meatballs. Don't get your hopes up for some something fancy.
3	Meatballs in a cup are bomb. The spicy meat sauce and Parmesan cream are amazing. Great meal if you're in a hurry. Meatball heaven
5	Amazing food and awesome service!!! Ate at the seafood place right next too it for 3X the money and this place was AMAZING compared to them! Came back the next day too!!
3	Located inside the Miracle Mile this little meatball shop is a nice and quick delight if you wanted something different for a quick bite.  Needless to say, the meatballs here were nice and tender.  Along with the meat sauce I thought it made a nice treat.  I wouldn't say it's mind blowing away crazy like I've never had a good meatball or marinara, but this will hit the spot.  I would definitely recommend the meat sauce ( yeah I know over the meatballs! )  -- In the end, the place serves up meatballs and salad like a fast food joint.  Service is decent and overall and good experience! - Enjoy
4	We tried the classic meatballs with spicy meat sauce and Parmesan cream sauce combined. So much creamy, spicy goodness!
5	We were looking for a quick bite an ran into this place right outside of Planet Hollywood. Really good food - really good. Try the pork meatballs, I liked them better than the traditional ones. Flat bread pizza was also good.
4	Came by to grab a quick dinner before moving forward with evening activities. I ordered the 4 meatball sandwich combo with macaroni and cheese and a drink. This place reminds me of Chipotle or Subway, where you choose your cheese, sauce, and topping options before they bake the sandwich.The sandwich was tasty! The meatballs were large and flavorful and the mozzarella cheese and mushroom sauce went well with the sandwich. The mac and cheese was okay. It seemed like they just poured cheese sauce over their standard pasta option.Slightly pricey, at $17.50 with the toppings and extra.
3	Located in the shopping plaza w/Planet Hollywood.at nearly $2 a meatball it keeps you satisfied without killing the wallet
4	Meatballs do hit the spot!  My girls and I wanted something light before heading to bikini day club land so we encountered this and decided on it. It surely satisfied semi hunger and I have to admit, the meatballs, which I opted for turkey, chicken and pork was amazingly delicious! Add on the choice of cream with mushrooms, then you will thank me!  They offer a baked, garlic breadstick with the cup of meatballs - great for soaking up the creamy goodness!  They have pizzas and sammies, but I don't know why you would order that when the shop is called meatball spot.YUMMY for some meatballs here!
2	I don't know how the food is because I walked away due to horrible, and I mean horrible customer service. I am a local, and my mother in law was visiting which brought us naturally to the strip. They stood out to us because there was not a long line and we were starving. I walked up to the cash register and there was a group of three sitting on the other end having what apparently was an extremely in depth and important conversation. I assumed someone would come to take my order because one girl watched me walk to the register. Not one of them asked how I was doing, what could they get for me, or if I had even been there before. Lastly, no one even said Hello. Myself and my mother in law decided to leave and look at other food places, and found ourselves back at the Meatball Spot and had a question on the Flat Breads.I asked " Are the flatbreads cheaper if they are sliced smaller?" I also had my 3 year old son with me, which is why I asked.She said nothing and threw a very large flatbread in the oven and proceeded to continue her conversation with her other two rude friends. I said excuse me, because I wasn't sure if she actually understood what I was asking. I just wanted to make sure we were on the same page. Their conversation continues, so I literally wave my hands back and forth like I was trying to wave down a taxi, better yet, like I was helping to land a plane ( this place is tiny like a subway, so they had to see me) . They guy in the conversation looks me in my eyes, and looks away laughing and continuing his conversation.....well as soon as the oven beeped and she took the pizza out of the oven to turn around and ask me to pay I walked away. I refused to hand my money over to people who could care less that I was there or not. Hopefully none of those people were a manager. That would be horrible representation.
4	Perfect quick bite. Didn't know what to order and woman working there could not have been nicer and nailed exactly what I needed. Had turkey meatball sub with classic tomato. Basic but hit the spot. Really great service and nice to deal with someone so nice. Wish the coke machine was working as regular coke unavailable but I am better off with water anyway.
