4	It may look shabby from the outside, but inside is some of the best Dim Sum I've had in the Charlotte area - at the Dragon Court Restaurant. The staff is very acommodating and patient with those of us who have questions. Also don't miss the Banh Mi at the Vietnamese sandwich shop inside the mall. (Forget the $5 footlong at Subway...get one twice as good for half the price here!)I agree with Tony that the parking lot could use some serious work. It's like the surface of the moon! However, I've never been panhandled there, except for one time a guy asked to bum a cigarette. No worries here about security during the day, but I would be cautious after dark, like in any city this size.
3	Good selection of Asian products and food.If you're looking for a regular nice suburban mall, keep driving.
5	If you're looking for some good Dim Sum, Hanging BBQ ducks, Pho, Viet sandwiches.
4	I cannot describe how many times I have driven past this place, as for a while it was on my regular commute.  Well, that explains why I would be in the neighborhood.  Unfortunately I would drive past because it looked like there was no possible way it could be open for business.You know the stories of how bridges and castles are brought over from other countries brick-by-brick, then reassembled?  This parking lot is like that, only the historical purpose here is so that you will know what it is like to traverse a minefield (minefields exploded leaving giant holes in the asphalt) from the Korean War.  While there are not a ton of businesses inside the mall itself, it would be nice if there was at least one path to the mall that allowed you to not require to get your car aligned.The reason being is that there are some good businesses within.  Le's is perhaps the best purveyor of Banh Mi in Crown Town.  Pho Daravan also offers Banh Mi, but not as deep a selection - in fact they only had one when we were there.  Not one to choose from, but a single sandwich (they ran out after we ate that one).  They do have pho, however, and a plant that seems to sprout from a single pot to take over the entire restaurant.  And there is perhaps one of the most interesting restaurant supply stores you will ever find (though the quality of some items may be suspect).You can also find a number of Asian-themed businesses and even outreach services, and generally there are detailing services in the parking lot too.  What they really need is a good quality auto service to provide that alignment.  They would make a killing.  Of course, as you leave, they would just need to do it again.
3	Yes, the grocery stores are dirty, old, moldy, everything is scattered, choices are limited, freshness is not an option.....BUT, this really is all that Charlotte has so we can't really complain. The way I see it, if I can get what I need, then it's all good :)
4	I used to go to this location 40 years ago when I was in college at UNCC.  It was a viable mall.  Now it is only for the brave of heart but so totally worth it for a Banh mi at Le's.  The parking lot is unbelievable and I think it caused my windshield to crack from a previous rock hit after driving through it.  Be careful, don't wear your good jewelry but do try it.  Le said his favorite was #6 so we tried that.  The pork was wonderful.  My daughter got chicken and loved it.  I will try the combo next time which is what I tried in NYC.  This was better than NY!  I am going again and want to try the place with the crispy duck in the window.
1	The outside looks fine but once you get inside it's a ghost town. There's really nothing in here at all besides a gift shop and the Bahn Mi place. Many of the shops are closed and vacant. Otherwise if you're craving a Bahn Mi that's the only reason to step on in.
1	This place is straight up ghetto! Parking is horrible, cracks and bumps everywhere. Homeless people on the corners asking for money. Stores are smelly and cold and dirty and old and creepy looking. This is not even close to a mall. Nearly half empty. Love the bahn mi shop inside (the best sandwiches ever!) Love the fresh steamed pork buns and other baked goods!),..love the varity and prices of products..worth the drive out there...Pho restaurants are nasty,..as in the decor (covered in thick thick dust), ceilings have stains, dark and just make me loose my appetite. How can this place be opened? Imagine the kitchen..inspectors need to shut this strip down and remodel and update!!! The store that sells kitchen ware has good selection and prices. Shop owners and workers are shady...they follow you around and stalk and stare you down as you in walk and browse around the aisles to make sure you don't steal anything!
4	I really wish more people would come here and go to places other than Le's Sandwiches.  Don't get me wrong I love Le's, but there are some other businesses in here that are in need of some business so that the mall can clean itself up.  I gave it a 4 star because I enjoy the food and the grocery store inside, but it should be around a 2 or 3 based on the condition of the place in general.  The two main places I like in here are the Hong Kong BBQ and Le's, but I have hit up the dim sum place once and have enjoyed it.  Gone on in *during the day* and walk around and go in.  They are very willing to help you have some good food you just have to ask.
5	Best Banh Mi Sandwich in Charlotte? True. (Le's Sandwiches)Great Asian market? True.Most dangerous parking lot known to all of mankind? Also true.
