2	In the words of the late great Colonel Sanders - "I'm to drunk... to taste this chicken."I don't like fried chicken to begin with, but sometimes I'm in a hurry and KFC buffalo sliders just sound delicious. To tell you the truth, they are delicious, and that is the only reason this shit hole is getting two stars. I've often gone here and the place is closed when they should be open, the dining area is over the top messy, and the people who work there have got to be the dumbest of the dumb. I understand it is fast food, but this is like the bottom of the barrel. They would be the dumbest of the kids with down syndrome.And they also have about 20 cats that live by the dumpster behind the restaurant. Poor kitties, having to eat KFC to stay alive.
5	I'll be honest, I completely forgot Yelp existed.  Lots of my friends are Elite Yelpers, and since there haven't been many events over the past few months, their conversation topics have switched from "Oh my god the next OYE sounds fuckin awesome!" to "I haven't gotten any free food/drinks and Yelp branded schwag in forever waaahhhhhh!!!!"  So when I went to the UYE at The Vig Uptown last night with Georgie S, stuffed my face with cheap grub and Bud Lights, stuffed my pockets with lets just call it "a couple" Yelp coozies and packs of Orange-heads, I remembered this little website and figured I'd fill you in on what I've been eating since the last OYE.  God damn that was a long sentence.KFC Double Down muthafuckas!!!!!!!Yes, that's right, I've literally eaten KFC Double Downs for every meal for..... when did they come out?...... I don't know whenever they came out.  If you don't know what a Double Down is, then you obviously don't watch enough ESPN and other channels that target fat lazy dudes.  The KFC Double Down is the brainchild of what must be the fattest genius on Earth, designed specifically to trigger the glutton-reflex in the human brain.Picture this:Take a delicious chicken sandwich from your favorite joint.Put bacon and a sweet tangy sauce on it.  Hungry aren't ya?But something is missing right?NOW TAKE THOSE TWO PANSY ASS PIECES OF BREAD, THROW THAT SHIT BACK INTO THE DRIVE THRU WINDOW, AND SAY "GIMME ANOTHER PIECE OF CHICKEN BITCH!You don't need bread!  Just put the freakin bacon and sauce IN BETWEEN the chicken filets!  You like grilled chicken?  Get grilled chicken.  You like fried chicken?  Get fried chicken.  Or you can follow in my Chicken Jesus-like footsteps and get one of each.  QUADRUPLE DOWN!!!Seriously, I know most of you are all "GROSS!!" and thinking that I must be a raging alcoholic or constantly high to like this thing, but trust me, IT. IS. INCREDIBLE.  Eat a bunch of salads all week and tell yourself that you're healthy, go get a KFCDD, a 40 of OE, and sit on your ASS and enjoy the wonders of a true poultry masterpiece.  Plus you need protein homie, you're lookin a little flaco.  Yeah, you.  If you need me, I'll be in the drive thru.
2	I hated KFC for the longest time. But a few months ago I needed to grab a quick lunch & went to the drive thru. I have been here 4 times total & I get the same thing every time, mashed potato bowl. I also get a biscuit & yesterday I got a lil parfait, strawberry. The cheese on top of the chicken pieces, corn, gravy & mashed potatoes was barely melted, yuck. The biscuit was pretty good & so was the parfait. Why only 2 stars? I've definitely experienced better!
1	I am writing corporate. This is the worst KFC location ever!  If someone from corporate came to this location and tasted the garbage this location puts out it would be shut down.
1	I'll be honest. I do not like writing bad reviews, but, I have had way too many bad experiences at this KFC to not comment. I have been coming here on and off for several years. The facility has been renovated and looks amazing. The bathrooms are always clean, but that is where the positive stops. Most of the time my order is wrong when going through the drive through. Often times there is no flat ware with my order. The wait is always long inside and in the drive through, even when there are no customers in line. I waited in line inside for over 30 minutes with no customers in front of me and no one else waiting for food. Then, my order was wrong. The staff are not necessarily unpleasant, but certainly not customer focused. The food is inconsistent. Got 3 biscuits, one was almost raw dough and the other two were dry and crunchy. The chicken is much the same. I keep going back hoping for change, but never see any. Again, I would usually not say anything rather than write a negative report, but this KFC has been continually under par with bad customer service, wrong orders and inconsistent food quality. Add in the long waits and this is certainly a place to avoid.
1	You could go here, but you would be better off taking a cheese grater to your nipple.Do you enjoy standing at the counter for 20 minutes just waiting to order? Do you like your order always being screwed up? Do you like it when an employee tells you that they are out of something 15 minutes after you ordered it?Then I have the place for you!!!!!!
1	I don't really like But  review just I don't recommend  no one -go there because I swear I will never ever go back there even it is for free
1	Worst customer service! I don't know if the guy that was helping me was managment, but he decided to carry on a conversation with an off the clock employee while taking my order and got it all wrong. Went one more time a few weeks later and ordered their chicken fried steak special for $2.99. I know it's only $2.99 but the chicken tasted like it had been sitting a little too long and there was not enough gravy on both the chicken or mashed potatoes. Will never return to this location again!
1	This is a pretty awful place, even by KFC standards. One of the kitchen staff actually tried to come out from behind the counter and challenge me to a fight. I went in one night after dark and the counter was just abandoned. I looked in the back and there was a Mexican lackadaisically leaning against some kitchen equipment while playing on his phone. I asked him if he was texting his boyfriend and why there was no one staffing the counter. It just went downhill from there.
1	This is the worst damn KFC I've ever seen. First, when you walk in and approach the counter, it takes 5-6 minutes just to be acknowledged by one of the many staff you can see roaming in the background of the kitchen. On a recent visit, I asked another customer how long he had been waiting after getting his order taken at the counter. He said 25 minutes, so I wound up just leaving after 10 minutes or so, even though I'd bought a $5 combo. I just didn't want to waste my time arguing with some uncouth ghetto KFC employee about getting the $5 refunded.
