5	Oh, Tower of Jewels...where do I begin?  First, I want to start off by saying that this review has been a long time coming.  I have been working on this review on my phone since March-ish 2011.  (yeah, i know...it's been a while).  This review is like 4 or 5 reviews in one....as I've had MANY MANY experiences at Tower of Jewels.  Let me start at the beginning.  Around March-ish of 2011, my hubby (then BF) and I were shopping for rings and through a recommendation of a coworker, we found ourselves in front of Peggy here at the Tower of Jewels.  Peggy was so welcoming, fun, patient, and informative.  She really made us feel so comfortable and most importantly she won over our trust.  In those few opening minutes, she showed us how willing she would be to accommodate our needs/wants/parameters and also that she and the Tower of Jewels would stand behind their jewelry/products 100%.  After visiting jewelry stores hight and low, even considering the jewelry mart in DTLA, we immediately that this was where he was getting my engagement ring. Now, if you've read my reviews, you'll know that I had issues in finding a stone within my specific requirements...however, almost immediately we were able to find the EXACT stone I wanted.  With the stone found and secured, I looked through the vast assortment of settings.  The process was very enjoyable!  Because they specialize in custom work (which I think is awesome) I really was able to customize a ring that worked for ME and that I knew NOBODY else would have!! And just a piece of advice...OF COURSE YOU WANT A CUSTOM RING!!  Yippee!!  The pricing was very fair and we were pleased that we were able to find my dream ring.A few short weeks later, the ring was done...I loved it then as I still do now.  I get so many compliments on my ring...and while I don't live for people ooh-ing and aah-ing over me, it's amazing to have people stop me in meetings to say "your ring is gorgeous."  5 STARS!!I went to the store monthly to get my ring cleaned and to have the prongs checked.  Each and every time I felt like I was surrounded by family.  Big smiley hello's and small talk as I waited for my ring.  Each and every time I felt closer and closer to Peggy, Donnie, and the rest of the store.  Even though I was going in for my free cleaning, they were just as nice to me as they were before we opened our wallets to buy.  5 STARS!!So in the beginning of 2012, my hubby (then fiance) and I naturally went back to the Tower for our wedding bands.  I set my sights on a band that didn't match my current engagement ring setting...and because my hubby is a sweetheart, we ended up buying a new setting for my engagement ring and customizing a 4 row diamond wedding band for me.  My hubby was able to get his band for free because of the credits we had (from their rewards program, ask them about it!).  We picked up our rings as ordered a few weeks later...all was perfect and we were as happy as could be.  5 STARS!!In April 2012, we were married and that was that.  Moving onward...in December 2012, my attention was drawn toward stackable rings.  My hubby, being the amazing man he is, took me down to the Tower and bought my my frist 2 for Christmas.  The rings turned our beautifully...I've gotten many compliments on how delicate and sparkly they are.  The Tower really did a great job. 5 STARS!Anyways, I just want to say that trust is a funny thing.  Especially when it comes to retail.  You price something too high or you go back on your word...people don't ever come back.  On the flip side, if a retailer goes that extra mile for their clients, their clients will NEVER forget them.  This is how I feel about the Tower of Jewels. Every time I've dealt with Peggy, I feel taken care of.   I trust her.  In closing, trust was my #1 thing during our search for a local jeweler.  I wanted to find a jeweler who would:A) be in business 10 years down the roadB) have friendly staff who made me feel comfortableC) no slick sales person tactics or the attitude that sometimes comes with thatD) a jeweler concerned with finding and selling me what I want, rather than sell me what they happen to haveI mean, an engagement ring is one of the largeset CASH purchases a man will EVER make.  You have to pick someone who you know will be there in a few years and who will stand behind their product.  For me, that jeweler is Tower of Jewels.
1	I drove 22 minutes to arrive here at 630pm. Their website says they are open everyday 10am-7pm. When I arrived,  they were putting jewelry away and the door was locked. The lady frown at me when I tried to open the door the first time, unknowingly that there were already closed. I was confused and saw a tiny sign by the door that has different hours for different days of the week. That was a waste of my time amd will never return. Get your website straight!
