5	We got a cat here.  We liked it because the employees and volunteers were clearly commited to animal safety and welfare, and it was very clean.  They even had empty kennels, so the animals can stay longer than if they were in larger cities with more strays.  They stand a much better chance of being adopted.
5	I adopted one of my dogs from the CCHS, and I can't say enough wonderful things about this facility. I imagine they are working a shoestring budget but they nonetheless take wonderful care of the animals who unfortunately find themselves here. They have a rather involved screening process to make sure that the animals they adopt out really do find their proverbial "forever homes." When we adopted, there was a brief waiting period to avoid any impulsive adoptions, as well as a requirement that we bring in our other dog to meet our adoptee to make sure they got along. All of the staff were very friendly and you could tell from the way they interacted with the animals that they really care about all of the animals. Personally, I don't think I could do such heartbreaking work and maintain the kind, gracious, and dedicated demeanor that I have observed in the workers here. If you're interested in making a donation to the CCHS, you can do so here: http://www.cuhumane.org/donations/index.html
5	This was the first animal shelter I ever went to and it was truly a wonderful experience.  The staff is very good at what they do and they are very attentive to your needs.  I went onto their site first to see a general list of cats and dogs.  After I got there, I was immediately helped by a volunteer that explained the adoption process to me.  They let me view where the dogs were and they even let me go outside to play with the dogs.  They also have very helpful information papers on the dog cages so you have a good basic understanding of the dogs.  After you decide on if you like the dog or not, you fill out an application and they go over it with you.  I cannot believe how awesome this place is.  The place is really clean and the staff are very very very helpful!  I wish all other shelters were like this :x
5	Adopted a 2 year old cat.Process was simple, came in, spent time with some of the animals my girlfriend and I were interested in, we decided on a cat. Filled out 2 pages of paperwork and scheduled to pick up the cat 2 days later after a medical checkup. We could have picked her up the next day but we were going to be out of town. The medical records were accurate, in this case, where they identified some tartar(which the vet said didn't warrant a dental cleaning until her next appointment) and that she needed a rabies shot(was $15 at the vet I took her to). Just some things to note: you are required to take the pet you adopt to the vet within one week of adoption and you get a 15% off coupon at this local pet store along with a bag of food, you also get a small bag of science diet from the shelter itself.
4	I have a pet adoption application pending.  So I am keeping my fingers crossed. Hopeful I get to come home with a new walkin buddy!
5	Never really thought of adopting animals here but a good place to take the kids and pet the cats.
2	I adopted a dog a few months ago. She is a 3 year old border collie lab mix named Lily. I know when the dogs are given up the humane society relies on the former family being honest about the dogs behavior. I was told she was a friendly, sweet lap dog that has never had issues with other animals. She gets along with my cat great, but when other dogs come along on walks she flips out. She even attacked one recently. I'm positive she was abused by her previous family. Cchs didn't take great care of her either. Her pads were all torn in her front paws, which had her limping for the first few weeks, her gums bled like crazy and her teeth were in awful condition, and she was too skinny. We were ready to give her back because of the strain it put us through. We have since turned her around with training and gotten her back to full health, but it took hundreds and hundreds of dollars.
