5	This place is awesome! I came in to do the metabolic blaster class. It's just 35 minutes of non-stop sweating. The Lab is very clean, the owners are very welcoming and energetic. Even more importantly to me was the kindness of the students in class. It definitely is not a typical gym environment with snobby work-out people. Everyone was smiling and talkative. Locally owned and operated too! No big box bland gym here!
5	This facility and its owners - Ben and Dave - are phenomenal. I purchased a LivingSocial Metabolic Blast workout deal to give me a workout option over the summer (I'm a full-time ASU student who uses the rec center during the school year). But, believe me, if I weren't a student and needed a regular option, this is where I would be!There are two workout class times on weekday mornings and a couple in the evenings. You select a time and date combination (MWF, TTh, or M-Th) that you prefer and pretty much stick with your "class". This means that you get to know the other 7-10 people in your class and it becomes that much more encouraging and gives you even more accountability. Ben and Dave remembered my name from my first introduction and regularly ask me specific questions about personal events or something I mentioned to them in a previous session. I can only imagine how awesome the personal training sessions are with trainers who are that invested in your personal well-being.I have never encountered a facility so well-run or with members and trainers who are so encouraging. The workouts are designed months in advanced and they operate as a sort of circuit. There are typically 5-6 "stations" that you rotate through, doing approximately 30-seconds of targeted work at each stations, and you complete the circuit 4-6 times (depending on the workout design) with a short break in between rounds. The music is pumping and the trainers are constantly circling giving encouragement or commenting to help with form or difficulty. I continuously surprise myself by being able to keep momentum during the workout, and I've experienced noticeable improvement in flexibility and ability to move through workouts. By no means are the workouts getting easier - there are always options presented to make stations easier/more difficult so you can constantly push yourself.In case you use injury as an excuse to avoid working out, you can't maintain that excuse with AZ training lab. On my very first day, Dave asked about any knee, ankle, etc problems that I have and regularly modifies workouts to keep challenging me even if I can't do the exact station they have planned. I will say, though, that I began with a sore knee that wouldn't let me do squats or lunges; now, I'm effectively doing both (and actually enjoying them) because of the care given to let my body heal and adapt.OH, one more thing! They have a Saturday morning class at 8 AM and then again at 9 AM (I believe it's the same workout design in both sessions) that both members AND non-members can drop in on for a $10 fee. Even though I'm working out at the ASU rec center on weekdays, I will FOR SURE be dropping in on the weekends to get my good workout fix with AZ training lab!
5	Ben is the most savvy trainer I have ever met. He explains workouts and goes at the same pace as his personal training clientele. He comes to each session with a fun, exciting, and well paced workout.  AZ Training Lab is results driven, professional, and at the top of their game.  AZ Training Lab is committed to their client's success... and it shows.
4	AZ Training Lab is a great small format fitness studio. I tried it with a Groupon/Living Social deal for one month of unlimited classes. Classes start with a stretch, then you go through a circuit of weights, resistance and/or cardio moves. Sometimes the workouts are a good all-around mix and other times, they focus on one particular muscle group, like abs. Great music and the class time goes by really quickly. The owners/instructors - Ben and Dave - are very positive and focused and take the time to chat with you, call you by name, etc. They do a really effective job of helping you push yourself harder or modify as needed, very motivational. It seemed easier to push myself at each station, during each circuit because we never spent more than a minute or so at each. The setting is friendly, not competitive or judgmental.
5	After an extended break from exercise I popped into AZ Training Lab. My chiropractor had highly recommended going so off I went. The class was focused and it kicked me to the curb! When I called to register I spoke with one of the owners, Ben. He's *awesome*. (And freakishly tall.) I was surprised by the amount of time taken to collect my background. (If I had any injuries or limitations to work with.) I do and was less nervous showing up to a Metabolic Blast Bootcamp. The word bootcamp sounded bad. Just BAD. I was wrong.Headlines:+ Arrive, stretch, some bs'ing with everyone+ Workouts have you rotating between 5 stations   (The circuit is completed 4 times)+ Stations are demonstrated (options provided to increase or decrease difficulty)+ Each station takes 30 or 40 seconds (depending on the class)+ A short break is provided between each station+ Classes are observed by 1 or 2 ppl+ Feedback is provided on form+ The actual workout is 35 minutes. Plan to be there an hour.... and it's fun (in a sick twisted way)There is consistency at this place. Only three people are invested in helping you out. The owners, Ben and Dave, and Megan (who also does massage). Membership plans are abundant...You pick a weekly time slot and the days you're going. (M-W-F or T-Th or M-Th). Current pricing is $124/mo (if you sign up for the year) $144/mo (month to month). Saturday classes have an additional cost. (8:30 am, not 8 and 9am as per their website.) They are not open on Sunday. Smaller group training is available. ($250/mo). Personal training is offered as well.Other services...Nutritional advice. (Yes, yes. We all know that the fat you eat is what you wear. They can help you with that!)The first class is free. No excuse not to go.(Dammit.)
5	AZ Training Lab is legit!!!  At ATL, it's quick, high intensity workouts that get you in, get you out, and get you results.  I joined the gym when they first opened, and I cannot imagine ever going anywhere else.   Since joining ATL, my body has become physically and visibly stronger.  I attribute this to the variance of the workouts, and the attentiveness of the owners/trainers.  Ben and Dave are absolutely phenomenal at getting the best out of you, in and out of the gym.  They will help you set nutritional goals in order to maximize your results, and keep you motivated in order to achieve your ultimate fitness goals.  As an added bonus, most everyone who works out there is so friendly  that there's a camaraderie within your group and you look forward to working out with them each day (shout out to my 6:30am crew!!)I highly recommend going to ATL for your fitness future.  1st class is free, so why not check it out? ;)
