4	Kirkland's is Great! They have a nice selection of home decor at affordable prices like framed art, mirrors, candles, lamps, picture frames, accent rugs, garden accessories and they also carry some really cool seasonal and Holiday items. Another perk is there is always a sale going on and they give out alot of coupons too to help you save even more.I walked away with a few nice gifts and some really cute garden statues for only $25.
4	Love Kirklands! I love that I can find really nice decorations for my home without breaking the bank. They have a really nice selection and everyone can find something nice for a gift  that fits their budget. They have inexpensive decor but it does not look cheap.Now I have Hobby Lobby and Kirklands  yay!
3	I can always find something I want in this store.  They have great home decor options as well as dishes, glasses, and linens.  Similar prices to Pier One or Bed Bath and Beyone but I think higher quality and more classic styling.  They also have some furniture and lighting options that I think are a little overpriced but still nice.  They have excellent after Christmas sales so check them out on the 26th!
5	I really love Kirkland's. I have been shopping here for years. They have really wonderful home decor at affordable prices. I love coming here when they have big sales on holiday weekends. Plus if you sign up for emails you get coupons which you can use on top of any sales they have going on! The staff is always friendly and helpful, and the store is always clean and stocked full. This place is definitely one of my favorites.
4	Great selection of home decor here,  and it smells so nice!   We were able to find everything we needed,  and the staff was very helpful.   We bought a metal  flower that is going to look great on my daughter's wall in her room.  We also bought another framed metal flower piece that should going to complete the look.  Only issue was no price tag on the framed metal flower piece didn't have a price tag,  but the helpful staff tracked it down fairly quickly,  and it turned out to be a great deal.
5	I really love this place for reasonably priced home decor. Last week I needed some new lamps for my living room and found some on sale. The lamps look great and I didn't break the bank updating my lamps.
