5	I have been to Tia's before for standard manicures and pedicures. The salon is always busy, and has been in this same location for years!First off...I went to a salon in Tempe about 10 days ago for a gel manicure and wasn't happy with the results.I stopped into Tia's yesterday in the morning and their schedule was full until 5pm. I decided to come back then, and I am glad I waited!! I explained to the man at the front that my nails chipped within days  when I had them done recently (NOT at  Tia's) and he had a few ideas to prevent that from happening, and talked about it with the nail tech - Sandy. Sandy was very friendly and helped me select a color. She even suggested a thin top layer of a shimmery polish, which I never would have picked, but really like! I have two nails that were coated with acrylic -both are damaged and grow funky- and the tech at the other salon made them look odd shaped and clunky. Sandy did an awesome job making them look great - she fixed the shape and evened them out. These nails are really bad In their natural state, and I would say Sandy made them look better than I could have ever imagined!As far as the gel manicure itself. Sandy was meticulous in her application of the polish. She covered the entire nail without it hitting my skin. And she made sure to paint the top edge of the nails to protect them from chipping.  I am extremely happy with the service I received at Tia's and most definitely will return!!!! Thank you!!!!
5	Tia's is a great place. They have been in business over 10 years and it is very clean. Their nail techs are polite, and they don't talk on their cell phones while they are working on you (I know you know exactly what I am talking about.) And they don't chatter among themselves while they are working with you. It is a peaceful environment. I travel the extensively and I have had Shellac nails put on in many cities and this is BY FAR, THE BEST, ever! I highly recommend them!
5	On every girl's to-do list before venturing off to Vegas is some rendition of painting her nails. I wanted gels, but I didn't want a manicure because I had just had one two weeks prior. I was sick of Paulene's, nearby, because of how rudely they treated me. I recalled going to Tia's once back in middle school for a treat. They were still there and I decided to pop in for a gel polish change before I went to my Wednesday night bowling league. I was told to pick out a color and sit with Cynthia (first station on the left). She was the sweetest woman that has ever done my nails. Very rarely do I feel a connection with my nail technician. It was like having your sweet aunt do your nails, talk about life, and hum along to the music in the background. I got a light blue polish. She suggested glitter on my digitus medicus. I had not thought of any "bling" on my fingers for Vegas, but that was a brilliant idea. It turned out lovely. It was $20 for the gel polish change and I tipped her $10 because she is truly the best I've ever been to. Will definitely be going back more often. None of my nails have chipped thus far.
5	My wife and I get our nails done together (kind of a date night type of thing). We used to go to this competing salon near by. The people were a little gruff and not very welcoming, they didn't talk to me at all during the process (like not one word), and frankly extras seemed to end up on our bill.180 degrees...the people at Tia's are so nice, welcoming and appreciative they have won my business. They did a great job on both my wife and I. During the process they were truly friendly, warm and interested in getting to know you. They thanked us multiple times for being first time visitors. This place and the people = class act.
5	What a fantastic place! Very clean, friendly and fairly priced! So glad I found this place. I will definitely be back in future visits. Recommend making an appointment since they're a busy little spot, but you won't be disappointed in the service!!
