5	I've gone to through a new accountant every year since I've been back in Vegas to take care of my personal and corporate taxes.  So, that makes 3 accountants since 2008.  Why for the frequent change?  I was looking for someone who I could feel like is really taking care of me, looking out for my finances and takes the time to explain to me what to expect for my taxes.2008 tax year:  Liberty Tax on Sahara gave me efficiency and quick turnaround, but no warm fuzzies or advice.2009 tax year:  A large accounting firm on Jones, near Sahara.  I felt like I was charged way too much for too little advice.  2010 tax year:  I found Julie!!I have already met with Julie three times this year, and all three times she has made me feel very comfortable with the tax planning.  She also took care of some tax amendments to my 2009 taxes quickly.Conclusion:  Julie is caring, thorough and efficient.  It's definitely a bonus that her hourly rates are very reasonable compared to other larger accounting firms.  She gives me the warm fuzzies that I want, along with thorough and efficient service.
5	Julie just finished my 2010 personal and business tax returns a week ago!  I was very satisfied because ...1.  She finished them very quickly2.  She went over why she revised some of my classifications in quickbooks and they were revised to my advantage3.  I owed significantly less taxes than I thought I owed!  *wiping sweat off forehead4.  She made some recommendations and more advice about how to handle my finances for this year.Conclusion:  She is awesome.
5	Thanks to Michelle W. for the recommendation for Julie! I met Julie in January and I've seen her probably 5-10 times since our initial meeting and talked on the phone about 20 times. Being that Vegas is such a small world, I found out that she used to work with my dad. CRAZY! I'm an engineer by degree not an accountant, so when I was brought into this accounting world I was a bit of a mess. Julie was able to sort me out and help me organize my Quickbooks file learn how to use it more efficiently. Hiring her was better than buying that Quickbooks for Dummy book! Another plus is that, I can call her at 7 at night and she answers! She also completed a financial review for the Contractor's Board for us after many late nights and phone calls to gather all the information that she needed.  Luckily she has been really patient with me and my boss, because having a start up company is a lot of work!  Julie is very reasonably priced and we are definitely keeping her for my company's business taxes!
1	My mother did my taxes and said I will owe about $1300.00 so I should go see a CPA as did everyone else that looked at them. I had all the paperwork and when to see her! She looked at my paperwork for no longer then one whole min and said yes you owe them and you need to pay. Didnt even try to help me out at all and just told me how to pay them. LOL She then said you owe me $75.00 for doing your taxes!! WOW really I cant believe it. I paid her and left with a sad face
1	Julie will not take time to go over the itemized deductions with you. She charges way too much too. I suggest you do it yourself through turbotax instead.
5	Julie has been filing my tax returns for the past three years now, and has consistently delivered higher and more favorable returns than TurboTax or other competitors. She was able to help me through complex tax filing situations involving income from abroad + here in the US. I would highly recommend Julie for your personal and business related tax filing needs based on her rapid and consistent turnaround. Julie is very professional and friendly to deal with. Bottom line - no need to look elsewhere!
1	Unfortunately we were fooled by her presentation when we first met Julie. She said she would take care of our business and personal taxes needs completely.  During the 2011 tax season, she said she had everything taken care of during the first few weeks of 2012.  when we would call her to see what our liability in taxes would be. She said she would let us know shortly.....well, shortly turned into one week, two weeks....no return call either way to say, "sorry, been meaning to call, but I am busy, will call you as soon as I can"...."not a word or response to our attempts to contact her via email or phone. Suddenly, one day she sent our taxes "completed"....with none of the deductions or special circumstances we spoke with her in detail, addressed!  We were furious and had to seek services with CPA who listened to us and corrected all of the mistakes she made.  I say this with no malice, Julie should not be practicing or else stick to completing simple tax forms.  Her management style, organization and people skills need some training.  I am surprised she is still in business.
