5	This is a bit pricy for a dinner, but worth it.  Service was wonderful.  Everyone very attentive.   My friend ordered a pork chop that is as close as my mom's (which is delicious in case you are wondering).  I could not take a picture fast enough.  The huevos rancheros were delicious too.  A bit cilantro intense but very tasty.  The handcrafted donuts were great.   However, they are covered in sugar so avoid if diabetic or do not like extra sugar coded deserts.  I saw others order the mason jars and rave about those.  It's a chocolate ganache, a strawberry short cake, and a banana cream in jars.  The Sunday looked good too.
5	We ate here twice on our recent trip. I am still craving their donuts!!! Love the sauces they are served with and the fact that they are made to order. Everything tastes fresh. Love the feel of the restaurant. Will be coming here every time I'm in town.
5	We found a new favorite place on the strip. The Pantry looks like the kitchen we all wish we had. Such a welcoming place with the friendliest staff and the most delicious food. Their maple syrup was phenomenal. It's the real deal!
1	Ate here last night. Was good. Some growing pains as they just opened up. Mahi tacos were very good. Ate there tonight and was very disappointed.  The short rib hash was not hash.  It was stew. As stew it is pretty good. As hash it sucks!
4	Ordered the chicken bahn mi and TBLT for lunch.  Both were very good. Fries were nice n crunchy and had a good flavor. Good friendly service. I ordered my food to go and dropped down to pick it up on my way out. Breakfast had a really long line so would recommend coming early.
4	...One of the two open 24 hour places at the Mirage...cute, fancy, nicely decorated, girly new restaurant by the guest elevators...we ate here at 3am, no wait, had breakfast, food was good for a 24hour joint, loved the theme...
2	Sooooooooo slow. Open tables all over the place but still waited 35 minutes to be seated. Once seated waited a long time for waiter to even check if we wanted water.  Food was good but not worth the wait. Hate to see how this place runs when all the tables are taken
2	I was excited to dine at the newest addition to the Mirage hotel. At  this 24hr eatery, food looks better than it tastes and waaay over priced. $14 waffle that can be eaten in 4 bites! Come on! The Huevos Rancheros are a joke. Tortilla is not fried like it should be but soggy. Salsas don't taste homemade and beans I'm sure are from a can. Maybe I'm spoiled on Mexican coming from LA but it doesn't even feel like they're trying. Decor is very cute which makes it very inviting.Yes it's convenient if you're staying on the premises but if you can, go elsewhere. Hoping that they're still trying to find they're footing and will improve from here.
1	Stopped there twice over a period of 2 days mainly due to convenience as I was attending a conference at the Mirage. First day, ordered eggs and asked for fries instead of hash browns. Food turned up twenty minutes later with hash browns. Mentioned to the server that I had asked for french fries and was told that they would bring me an order of fries. Twenty five minutes later, no sign of the fries but the server did explain that as this is a new restaurant, the kitchen does not like substitutions and tends to just send out whatever is on the menu. Cancelled the fries, paid and left. Following day, stopped in for lunch. Ordered a bacon cheese burger, plain with fries. Order was taken by the same server as the previous day who recognized me and assured me it would be right this time. Twenty minutes later, out comes my burger with everything on it (apart from the bacon). Sent the whole meal back this time and five minutes later it was returned and everything looked ok although they had obviously just scraped everything off. Took a bite, not ok. They had melted the cheese on the burger over a liberal helping of onions which I had not noticed and that also do not agree with me at all. Called my server who offered another burger and waived the charges for the original one when I refused. Bottom line, if you do not want the meal EXACTLY as it is described on the menu, find somewhere else.
5	We had the fried green tomatoes, fish and chips, hamburger and fries, and I had the shrimp over grits. The food was delicious. Love the atmosphere and the Cindy our server was very friendly.
5	Came here shortly after they opened.  Some growing pains were to be expected with such a huge new opening but overall the restaurant was beautiful, our server carol was helpful and attentive, and our food was amazing.  I had the short rib hash which was more like a stew and my girlfriend had the omelette which was amazing too.  I came back for lunch the next day and had the tuna salad which was perfect.  Hint: the jams on the table are the highlight of breakfast!  Don't leave without some toast and jam.
1	The food here is decent and alone would earn Pantry three stars in my book. But the service is so remarkably bad that I can barely justify a one-star review. Before I even sat down, my waiter tried to get me to pay $5 for water.  ("It's in a big bottle you can pour for yourself!") I declined. "So what do you want to drink?" I still had not sat down, let alone had an opportunity to review the menu. I ordered steak and eggs from one of the three or four waiters buzzing around. I still have no idea who, if anyone, was my actual waiter. It took awhile to get the dish out, but unlike my waiters, I was in no hurry to get myself out of the restaurant. Again, the food is decent--and decently priced by Vegas standards, too. I probably wouldn't have had a chance to try it if my wife didn't stop a waiter from clearing my plate while I got up for less than a minute. I had to tell waiters three times that I did not want my plate taken off the table. I would have gladly taken a refill of my not-five-dollar-self-serve water, but none of the wait staff seemed to notice or care about that. The final straw, however, was the fourth plate-grab. A waiter interrupted me in the middle of a sentence, grabbed my plate, and asked if he could take it. The plate was still 75 percent full, and I had my fork in the air prepared to take a bite at the time. From start to finish, we were in Pantry for 40 minutes--about twenty five of which were spent waiting for our meal. If the sole goal of Pantry is to get customers out the door, they succeeded wildly. So successful that I will never walk IN their door again, either.
5	Wow, I was really surprised by this place. It looks interesting while passing by so my boyfriend and I wandered in and were seated immediately. Our waitress (I wish I remember her name) was awesome! She was so sweet and told us about their Bloody Mary special, which ended up being really yummy and reasonably priced. We ordered the smothered fries... Beyond delicious! My mouth waters as I type this. I will definitely be back to eat here next time I am in Vegas.
1	I stopped by this restaurant and was told that it was going to close at 9pm for weekly cleaning but they would resume their 24/7 schedule the following day.  The next night I went in after midnight and the place was almost empty.  It was a weekday though.  I wanted to order food to go and was directed to the bar.  I ordered the fish and chips.  It took about 20 minutes or so for the food.  The restaurant is located feet from the hotel elevators so I expected hot, fresh food when I got to my room.  I was really disappointed though.  The French fries were soggy and lukewarm.  The fish should have had a crunchy batter but was soggy, just like the fries.  It was fairly hot but not that tasty.  For $20 plus tax and tip I really expected more than one soggy piece of fish.  I think that my food probably sat in the kitchen for a while before it was delivered to me.  There is no way that the piece of fish had just came out of a fryer.  If I ever go back I would stick with breakfast.  I can't really speak to the service.  The hostess and the bartender were not unfriendly but really didn't do anything to make me feel welcome.
4	Tried this place for lunch at the Mirage after finishing up at the Secret Garden/ Dolphin Habitat. It is very cute inside and the menu had a lot of options.  We were seated promptly and our waiter greeted us almost immediately.  Overall, we had a quite pleasant experience here. The service was very attentive but not intrusive. My husband takes FOREVER to decide what he wants sometimes, and our server was so patient and was willing to put our son's order in first while my husband decided. I tried the Green Eggs and Ham.  It was delicious.  The english muffin was one of the best I have had.  Obviously fresh baked.  I asked our server if they baked then in house.  He said no but wasn't sure if they were made in the hotel or not.  Still, it was tender and yummy. The potato smash was slightly cold. My husband had the brisket cheese steak on baguette instead of ciabatta.  He seemed to like it.  It was pretty big, too.  This is a fairly new place and it seems like they may have had some transitional issues by the other reviews.  Our experience was very good and I would come here again.  My only complaints are that the closest bathroom is quite a long way from the restaurant and also that the prices are a little steep- i've noticed that most establishments in the Mirage are overpriced, though.
4	This is a welcome addition to the restaurants in the Mirage hotel and sorely needed.  While it's not fine dining, it certainly has food that is tasty and not expensive.  We ate both breakfast and dinner and both were worth a return trip.  In the morning we had omelettes which came with choice of toast, pluses for having multi grain bread that had substance, and a potato cake.  The potato was sort of strange texture and not a great flavor but the   omelette was really good.  I had one that had basil, cheese and tomatoes that had a flavor of preserve which sounds strange but was very good.  At dinner my husband had a sandwich which was huge and he said good and I had shrimp and grits.  They were good, not wonderful but we had donuts for dessert and that alone was worth the trip.  There were five what looked like donut holes, rolled in sugar and cinnamon and served with three sauces, vanilla, strawberry and chocolate.  I would have left off the cinnamon and just brought a small dish to be used if wanted.  It was overpowering and took away from the taste of the sauces.  However, they came to the table hot and were really yummy.
3	It is what it is with this place. We came here after a long night in Vegas. It is hard to judge a place like this in Vegas because Vegas offers so many fantastic and world class dining options. I will say this place is the best late night place I have been to in Vegas. The service was okay- kind of slow and the restaurant wasn't that busy. The food was very very overpriced for it. And it lacked some flavor all around. I had the grilled cheese and tomato soup and it was basic. The bread was too thick for the sandwich but like I said it is what it is. Would I come here again? Maybe.
2	Like my first drunk sex experience- forgettable! This was public highschool cafeteria-grade ungoodness. The only reason they got a second star was that the service was excellent (Cindy, originally from Montibello, CA, was an absolute darling), and they use real maple syrup for the waffles. Everything else....... prefer to pass. Meh to the max.
1	The worst experience in many many years. Ordered breakfast of steak and eggs. Asked for over medium eggs and a medium cooked steak. The eggs were at best sunny side up with yoke and whites still runny. The steak looked like shoe leather that had been in the sun for years. The meal was not appealing nor edible. The waitress made excuses and acted as though I was crazy for sending the meal back without "trying" it first. I saw enough to know I was not eating it. Sent it back. After 30-40 minutes and the manager and condescending waitress the second attempt was delivered. Food was better but not worth the money. Steak was tough and lacked flavor. Do not waste your time eating here. You will be disappointed and pissed.
1	First we waited in line for 30 minutes. When we finally got inside , we ordered our food with NO PORK. The waitress comes with our food after waiting FOREVER and guess what PORK on my omelet. So I had to wait again for another 30 minutes. While I was waiting I tried the others food. Ahhhh..... hardly better than I hop. When my omelet with no pork came I ended putting it to go. So I ask for a bag and there's a BUTTERFLY inside. I completely lost my appetite. We call the UNPROFESSIONAL manager and she was no help. We ended up pay full price for bad service and ok food and a butterfly inside my bag. We tipped low $..Probably too much. And I'm taking  my time on vacation just to WARN you guys not to go here.
1	My wife and I had a late meal after the LOVE show last night. We waited in line for about 10 minutes just to get a table. Once seated we were asked for our drink orders. We selected two glasses of wine, a Pinot Noir and waters. It took another 5 minutes more to get our water glasses filled. When our waitress came over to take our meal order another 5 minutes later, she mentioned that they were out of the wine we selected. We order a Merlot as a replacement. My wife ordered the daily soup and grilled cheese sandwich. I ordered the "Backyard Burger" and a side of clam chowder. The waitress asked me if I wanted the soup out separate of my burger which I said I could have them brought together. The same question was not asked of my wife. About 10 minutes later our food arrived and when we asked about our wine, the person delivering our food (which was not our waitress), had no clue that we had ordered wine. My wife told this person to cancel the wine order since we had hoped to drink our wine before our meal was served. When I cut into my burger it was medium rare (bright red). I had ordered it as a "medium". I flagged down a bus person who took it back to the kitchen to fix a new burger. A few minutes later, the manager came out with two glasses of wine and apologized for the issue with our drink order. He also said that the meat was how they cooked it for "medium" but would redo it as "medium well". The new burger was OK but even at "medium well' there was still some pink to the inside. We finished our meal and got our check. As we were reviewing the charges, we realized that the wine we did get was charged at $14. My wife called over and got a copy of the drink menu only to find that the wine we did order was only $12 per glass. We flagged down our waitress to have her fix the bill. She took it back to the manager and shortly afterwards got a new bill with $4 discount applied. We paid the bill and left.As convenient this new restaurant is for Mirage guests, the service and food quality are not worth it. Also it would be nice if the employees had name tags so they could be indentfied as working at the restaurant instead of trying to get someone's attention to ask for our waiter/waitress.
5	Are there twice while staying at the Mirage. There was a little bit of a wait, the food was delicious. I had the biscuits with gravy and the potato hash. Delicious! Had pancakes and bacon. Yummy too!  This place will be on my list for the next trip to Vegas. Plus it's 24 hours. Can't beat that!
2	Unfortunately, I was disappointed with Mirage's 24 hour restaurant! The ambiance is really nice, looks like a trendy country kitchen, it's very comfortable and a nice place to have breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Also, each booth is equipped with two usb outlets and two electrical outlets. However, the service and food does not compare with the great ambiance. The staff is inattentive and most of the time food came out cold. It always seemed like the restaurant was understaffed. *Do not get the steak and eggs. I asked for medium well and it came out well done and crispy. Also, you do not get a full steak. You get steak bites. Small steak bites
5	Janel, "the girl with the flower in her hair" is up there among THE BEST service I have every had. I've said this in other reviews; I managed restaurants for ten years and she takes pride in what she is doing and does it all with a smile. She also provided sincere recommendations when it came to entree selections. Loved it, hope to be back. Thanks Janel!  PS - for the record there was a group of six of us that went there at about 1:00 AM on Sunday, November 23rd, 2014
5	Four stars for the restaurant + 1 extra star for the great service!One of the nicest restaurant/cafe in vegas located at the Mirage hotel. Not the fancy kind but it definitely has a lot of chic!We really liked the decor. The food was good, and our waiter, Christian, was great! He patiently explained what's on the menu and what he recommend.We really enjoyed and we'll definitely go back, even if we won't stay at the Mirage.
3	My expectations were not high, based on the other Yelp reviews, but the Pantry is the only decent breakfast option in the Mirage, and I was meeting colleagues before heading to the Solar Power International conference at the LVCC.Service is mixed - very friendly and efficient from ordering to delivering the food, but then seemed to disappear once we were ready for the check. Be prepared to wait in line during peak hours.I liked that the menu listed the items that could be made gluten free or vegetarian - it made for easier ordering and less chance of cross-contamination. I opted for the garden vegetable hash, which comes with nut-free basil pesto and poached eggs (no smash browns or toast) and a plethora of veggies. Portions are on the large side, so you won't leave hungry. The food was fairly tasty, but my poached eggs were overcooked, almost hard-boiled. Since we were short on time, I didn't bother to send it back, but I did miss the way the yolk should have run into the hash.Coffee was excellent, and so was the fresh-squeezed orange juice.
2	I was not impressed with the food at all. The only good thing I can say about this place is that it is open 24 hours and after a night out on the town, they promptly had our to-go food ready in less than 15 minutes. It could be that we ordered items that weren't on the breakfast menu and maybe it was our own fault for not following what others on yelp recommended.We ordered: Fried chicken Brussels sprouts - Flavorless, but the batter was crunchyPork Chops - Strange Batter that was Sweet and Salty?  Fried Chicken - Dry and overcooked with no flavorFries - Fresh and CrispyThe portions were extremely generous, but it lacked flavor.  We didn't even finish half what we ordered despite how hungry we were after David Guetta :)
3	Heads up the hostess here is well not a hostess no better way to say it ! So slow we ended up just walking in and seating ourselves! I got the fried chicken it was great!! I would have given a higher rating but that hostess was just bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	I ordered the Texas Pete's Fried Chicken and I cannot recommend that menu item because there was hardly any chicken meat in the batter and the meat that was in there was not from an identifiable part of the chicken (couldn't tell if it was a wing or a thigh or what; it was just a little piece); and there was so much batter that I think the batter must have been re-dipped in batter again and again.  But, hubbie had the Cesar's salad with shrimp and he said the grilled shrimp were the best he ever had.  Also the cheddar chive biscuits and sausage gravy was great.  I did complain about no chicken in my fried chicken but had lost my appetite for more chicken so the waiter gave us fresh made donuts gratis; the donuts were fantastic.   Overall very good experience and good service but next time I would stick to the breakfast menu.
2	Hostess was in a daze, empty tables and tons of servers running around, 2 bartenders and SUPER slow service. We purposely ordered salads so it would be quick and took 25 minutes (i knew because i used my check in time stamp on yelp) for us to get salads. Food was good, but don't be in a rush.
5	Amazingly delicious French toast. Best I have ever had bar none. Had it 3x times and each time was perfection.At various visits we tried the French toast, bacon, sausage, sides of fruit, steel cut oats,  and biscuits and gravy and they were all absolutely delicious. We never had one thing that we thought was even average. Service was fast and friendly but the star was the food.
3	At Pantry breakfast menu is offered 24/7 in a casual setting.Item selected:- White chocolate brioche french toast, berry compote & whipped mascarpone- Pork chop schnitzel with kitchen fries, arugula, pickled lemon jam- Cobb salad (half)The food was solid. I liked the schnitzel had sweet jam on it, it prevented the whole slab of fried meat from being boring. Also the french toast was good however it's a bit on the sweeter side.Considering it's in the Mirage, pricing was set on the reasonable side.
2	Not worth the wait..walk a little further to the coffee shop! We didn't wait too long, 15 minutes which wasn't unusual, however our dining experience was a different story. First they give me a teapot which turned out to be just hot water, which I thought it happens people often forget the tea bag. We waited about 30 minutes for our food to come out, oh wait I mean for my dish and my sons. My husbands dish actually didn't make it to our table until 15 minutes later.  They have fruit loops on the menu but the waitress didn't tell us that they were out we found out when the server brought a different type of cereal, we of course sent it back for something our son would eat. Maybe I'm being difficult but I thought when a restaurant runs out of something they 1) notify the customer and 2) tells them what the options are?! The worst part was that my son and and got our food and my husbands dish never appeared, we had to ask the hostess to get the manager, since our waitress was no where to be found, and the manager, who was apologetic (reason for 2 stars) went to the kitchen and brought his dish, keep in mind the dish made it to our table when me and my son were both done with our food, and those of you who have been around a five year old know how restless kids get. Needless to say we will never be back.
5	Great service, great food, great location. Very glad I came here and am pleasantly surprised of how delicious the food was
2	Not worth it. Cute atmosphere, turkey sandwich wasn't bad but grilled cheese was very plain and not worth $13. Came in at 1am to get food to go and took over 30 minutes and they were already out of the first three things we tried to order on the menu. First server behind the bar wasn't very friendly, which kind of set the tone. Second blonde male server that assisted us was better.
4	Very friendly staff, food good.  Had the spinach, feta, roasted tomato eggs, very very tasty, hubs had the Lorraine omelet, very good.  Prices, as with all restaurants in the strip hotels, are high, but I would at least like to be able to enjoy the food and be taken care of by staff that really seems to enjoy their job.  Place was ridiculously clean as well.  Felt very comfortable about eating there.  Line moves fast, the place is bigger than it looks from outside.
4	Great addition to the hotel,  open 24 hours and a wide variety of food for almost any appetite. Janel is a great and super attentive server.
5	Hands down the best burger I've had in a long time. If going by yourself, sit at the bar and chat it up with the very friendly and informed bartender. It's fairly new, so decor is super clean and inviting.
2	Overall the experience but fine. No real complications or concerns. The potato-carrot mash was amazing once I added more butter. The fried chicken was a bit greasy inside for my liking. One of my roommate's ordered the fish and chips and simply said meh. My other roommate ordered the steak and fries. While the steak was delicious, the fries left a lot to be desired. The homemade jelly on the table was excellent. Extra sad I couldn't buy a jar or take a sample home. Something about labels being needed and it being available for sale soon.Best part of the meal was the pretzel I ordered and dipped in the apple jelly!!!
