5	Ive been here twice now. The Employees are friendly. And i feel comfortable being a guy and painting pottery to give as meaningful gifts for friends. The turn around time is quick. Never short on designs and ideas. Clean inside and the paints are alway full. The brushes are always clean and no pressure if you change your mind on what your going to pick out and design.
3	When we first walked in we were greated and asked if we needed help.  We didn't at the time and looked around trying to figure out what the kids wanted to paint for their Nana's upcoming birthday.  Whe we finally picked out what we wanted we could not find the sales person anywhere and stood at the counter for several minutes before she walked to the counter from the back area.We paid for our items and sat down to begin. We have only done this once before and could have used some suggestion but once again the employee was no where to be found.  Not until we where almost done did we see her again and she asked us how we were doing.  We were there for over an hour.
2	Terrible service. The experience is what you make of it. I took my two nieces and nephews, I've done it before so I helped them pick their pieces and colors. We swapped out colors everytime we were done. No one came to check on us til the end, and when she did-she came to criticize my nephew for writing his name with their writing pens suggesting that it wasn't appropriate.. The girls at the counters were eating Oreos. When paying the same girl gives me an attitude for not having the pocket change, I handed her a quarter and said you could keep it, she said sarcastically. Oh thanks for the 20 cents. Little does she know I'm going to tip her. A week later I pick up the pieces, another girl was just as rude! If you're going to work at an establishment that is supposed to be fun and creative-the employees should probably like what they do or take a class on "liking" what you do! 2 stars only because I love town square.
4	Great place and so convenient.  We were searching for a pottery place that opened earlier than 12, this is the only one we found! The girl there was helpful and attentive, continually asking us if we need anything and helping other families with handprints and designs for gifts.  We picked our pieces and the routine was quite easy.  Big selection of paint colors, paint brushes, stencils and design ideas.  But hey when you are a kid you pick your piece, you do what you want to it! oh and you also pick what piece mommy is doing too! The place is clean, has a bathroom if needed, and has coffee and water.  There is a nice selection of pieces, even for the holidays from plates/bowls, to character statues, piggy banks and mugs.  The only reason not five stars is the prices are high for a kids activity.  If your child wants to do more than one piece or go often this adds up!
3	I would've given this place a 5 but I didn't have a good experience with the owner! She was rude, sour attitude to customers and employees and not accommodating to customer needs. She did not greet us or ask if we need anything. I had a rush order and she could not guarantee that my order be ready when I wanted it PLUS she charged me 3x what I was originally quoted for the order. On the other hand, The sales associate, Trish, was very helpful and nice. Since it was my first time, she helped me a lot and gave me advice. She even apologized for the way the owner treated me. Its usually the boss apologizing for the employee but this was not the case. Trish was very professional!!!! I think the way the owners treat the customers is a reflection on their business. I don't think I would recommend this place nor visit the shop again.  Sad because I really wanted to take my friend here for her birthday. Guess ill have to take my business elsewhere.
4	This place was super fun !!! I came here with my date to spend some time painting and getting to know each other . It was on a weekday , there were hardly anyone in the shop . The shopkeeper  asked us to select a pottery item on which we want to paint .Found an empty space , selected our colors and started painting . The shopkeeper checked on us , and helped us find everything we needed . The paint time was approximately 2 hrs . After that we need to leave the painted item with them , so that they can glaze it up and we can get the finished item after 1 week .The finished item looked awesome !! Long story short this place is super fun , not pricey . Good place to take a girl on date !!
5	This place was well organized! As soon as we walked in we were greeted and gave a tour of how things work! I feel like there should be more paint on different areas of the store to make it more convenient wherever you are sitting. My mug turned out awesome! Although I'm a bit bummed cause the purple writing wasn't fully showing. The girl there said I only needed one coat for the squirt bottles, but I should've done two.Definitely will go back if I find patience to do it again haha
4	This place has a really nice concept!  We entered and was promptly greeted by a staff member!  Once given a quick overview we dove right in!  They have a large supply of colors to choose from, but not a very large  selection of pottery!  They give you the luxury to come and go as you please for the day once you have paid and you can also bring in your own food and drinks which was nice.  The place wasn't crowded which was also nice considering it was a weekend!  Will return, the kids had a great time and so did I.  Only downside was that you have to wait 5-7 days to take home your artwork!  Considering the demographics in relation to where I live and where town square is located that was a bit of an inconvenience, but that was the only downside for me!
2	Brought my 8 yo daughter for princess party activity I found on their website, But when we arrived the employee didn't know anything about it! We ended up paying to paint an object but even when I told the girl we'd never done this before & required assistance she was only marginally helpful. I spent $40 and left irritated. Thank goodness my daughter enjoyed the painting part.
3	Although the employees at this place seem to be knowledgeable and eager to help, there were only two of them when we went. Two people to help everyone in the store check everyone out but clearly they were very busy glazing items calling customers to let them know their pieces were done etc.  so it didn't leave much time for us. Couple that with the fact that their pieces are a little bit pricier than other places make this business really only a three. I kind of understand about the higher prices because I'm sure their rent is very high at townsquare but you can find these pieces cheaper elsewhere
5	I have been here a couple of times and always had a good experience.  I meant to only go once to do a Valentine's Day present for my husband from my daughter (who was a year and a half old at the time).  When I got the phone call 3 days later that our plate was done, we went to pick up and my daughter wanted to paint again.  It seems like every time I let her paint something, when we go to pick up, she wants to paint again!  I have about 6 items from this place, unintentionally!  But I have to say, I'm glad because we have a lot of fun things and my daughter can see her progress.  Love it!
