2	Like most Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh it's Meh, not bad, edible but nothing I would go back for. The Calzone was very greasy and the mozzarella they used was very stringy making eating it hard. The veal cappella was edible with way too much peppercorns on it and it didn't make much sense to me, most places crush the peppercorns, even if to only split them in half, they simply dumped whole peppercorns all over the veal.Prices were reasonable, food was edible 2.4 stars.
5	I just have one thing to say about this place...Steel Curtain Calzone! It has three cheeses, meatballs, sausage, bacon, ham and pepperoni. For $12.99 it is highly worth it. I ate off of it for three days! They offer salads, soups, pasta, pizza, calzones, chicken, seafood, steak and veal.They have a full bar with a bunch of HD TVs as well.Order online at www.lacappellapgh.com
4	Good italian food.  Their calzones are huge and very tasty.
3	The menu itself looked pretty good, but the food itself is a little disappointing. I thought it could be a nice place where you could go with friends or come on a date, but I found the place looking pretty childish, even the menu. (But that's just me - I guess I expect more and am being a bit pretentious.)The meal came with a salad so I asked for the Caesar, but it tasted like the lettuces were pre-drenched in dressing so it was real soft and mushy. I like my greens fresh and crisp. I also ordered the garlic bread appetizer (forget what it was called exactly), and it might have been nothing too special, but it was still probably the best thing I had that night. If you want a small meal, just order a side of this and eat it yourself. It's good and filling.For my meal, I ordered the chicken parmesan. The chicken was mushy and tasted uncooked thoroughly at some points. The spaghetti.. the noodle was a bit overcooked and the sauce wasn't that good.. overall, I was pretty disappointed at this place.
3	Convenient to the Waterworks Cinema, La Cappella is one of those places you eat at before or after going to a movie.  Know what I mean?  You go there 'cos the food's reasonably good. the service is quick, and the theatre's right down the street.  Rick and I went with some friends of ours to see "J. Edgar" (highly recommended) and so we stopped in here before the show.  We began our dinners with the pepperoni rolls and I've gotta admit they were quite good.  We all opted for the Pasta-bilities for our dinners.  The way this works is you select your own pasta, then select your sauce.  Yeah, it starts at $11.99 but then they start charging $1.00 extra for wheat, rainbow, or tortellini pastas.  Then if you want to upgrade your sauces to Meat Sauce, Bolognese, Alla Vodka, or Alfredo, it'll run you a couple of extra $$ on top of that.  What, are you guys United Airlines or something and you gotta charge me extra for more leg room?Rick had the wheat pasta and I had the penne.  Can't remember what our friends had, though.  So the food here isn't what you'd get in a fine trattoria.  But it's a good neighborhood/ strip mall Italian joint and I'd say it's worth about 3.5 stars.
3	I went for lunch and got the combo.  The italian hoagie was good it would have been been without raw onions that were pretty overpowering, the pizza would have been better is the bottom wasn't soggy from sitting on the dish.  The salad pretty much nothing in it.  Prices for dinner seem a little high to me, but I never ate dinner there and don't know if they are worth the price. I would try it again.
4	Special place.  Owner is delightful and frequently present.  Outdoor dining can work when weather is right.  Good food and beers. Very comfortable place for family dining.
2	Breadsticks were dried out, house salad was pathetic but the Caesar was good. Most dishes were overpriced for what you get. My raviolis were drowned in sauce.  Service was slow and understaffed. The restaurant needs updated.
2	La Cappella boasts itself as an Italian eatery.  hhhmm.....not really saying that it's Italian because there weren't too many Italian dishes on the menu.  We went during happy hour and had happy hour priced drinks.  Still, the Cosmopolitan was almost $10!  BTW, you can ONLY GET HAPPY HOUR PRICES IF YOU SIT IN THE BAR.  The food items on the menu were a bit pricey and nothing stood out for either of us so we ordered hors douvres and drinks instead.  I don't get it....Not sure what the fuss was about and don't think we'll be coming back again.
4	Best Italian outside of my mother's kitchen. Great waitstaff, courteous and kind. Colleen, one of the owners is not afraid to help the waitstaff and do the dirty work. She also talks to all the tables and makes sure you are happy. Great restaurant.The only issue is that I noticed recently that they are getting skimpy on things. My twice baked penne had only one slice of cheese baked on top, usually it's covered. We had to ASK for bread to be given to our table and our salad came with NO CROUTONS! They have really good fresh croutons too... :(
3	Wasn't absolutely blown away, but no complaints either. Came on a Sunday, and found out that the Sicilian pizza we ordered was half price on Sundays! Score! Pizza was very good, and everyone else's food looked great too. Also, I don't know if they do this every day, but they had us roll dice and whatever we rolled they doubled and took that percentage off our bill. (Rolled two sixes and thus got 24% off our meal.) Despite all that cool stuff, I don't know, La Cappella kinda fell flat for me. Nothing on the menu really jumped out at me, and I wasn't absolutely thrilled about anything there. It was just ok. Probably won't go back unless someone else suggests it.
1	This was my first visit to la capella and I have to say I will not be back.  After being seated and having our order taken and drinks brought to the table right away, we waited.  When our salads and soup came to the table the salad was days old.  The lettuce was brown and wilted.  The soup (wedding) was tasteless - no flavor at all.Then we waited and waited and waited.  The waitress never came to the table to tell us what the delay was or refill our drinks or bring my 3 year old, who had already waited too long for her pizza, a cracker or anything to hold her over because of the delay.  Almost an hour later our food was brought out.  I got the bourbon glazed salmon.  When ordering I asked what the vegetable of the day was and was told sugar snap peas (which I happen to love), when my dinner came to the table I had been given broccoli.  The salmon was just ok and barely warm.  I honestly could have made it better at home.  My husband ordered linguini with red clam sauce.  The linguini was over cooked and barely warm.  My daughter's pizza was the only thing that came out hot but it was swimming in grease.  I literally had to pat it off with a napkin to soak up the pools of grease that were on the top.  Again, the waitress never came back to ask if we needed anything, wanted drink refills etc.  The only time we saw her again was to bring the bill to the table.  Needless to say we were very disappointed and agreed that we will not return.
4	I love this place.  They always have great pizza.  We tried the buffalo chicken rolls and they were yummy.  Always fast and great service.
3	Got take-out to go for lunch at work. Decent food, nothing really great but certainly not bad. I would like to dine in at some point to give a better assessment but for now a would say this is a decent restaurant.
2	The waitress was great, the food was ok, and the hostess was terrible!  The manager and hostess sat 2 groups ahead of us that came in after us!  The manager gave an excuse that she can't sit too many people at once in one section.  There were only 2 in our party!  No true apology nor did they offer to make up the inconvenience.  I would never go back!!
3	I have been in here with my parents on more then a few dinners.  La Capella offers a wide range of items but leans towards a Italian theme. My biggest issues are a lack of consistency when it comes to the meals and service. Once again this rang true. I actually enjoyed the meal I got which was the chicken Parmesan.  We also enjoyed the pepperoni rolls and stuffed jalepino poppers. The issues were the server never cleared the plates between apps, salads and the main course. I mean I love to pre-bus...no joke I am a helpful customer but help yourself for Pete's sake. Then my bro in law gets a steak sub and fries. It looked good but the server NEVER brings the ketchup. I had to go get it. Ugh!! Collectively the table thought the portions stunk for main meal items. Well my Mom was happy but she eats like a bird. Ok, in general it's not a bad meal. Decent beer selection but if the service would have been good this is a 4 star review. Well it isn't.
4	We stopped into La Capella on a recent Saturday night before a movie. We were a little skepticle of this place given some of the reviews, but we decided to give it a chance since we only planned to get a couple drinks and an appetizer. We sat at the bar and ordered a couple glasses of wine and their buffalo chicken roll.The bartender was super friendly, which I definitely appreciated. The buffalo chicken roll was yummy and the price definitely matched what we got. It was served with a side of ranch. Mmm! After we finished up, the owner passed through, introduced herself and talked with us for several minutes. She was genuinely interested in knowing more about us and our experience. I didn't really take a look at the other items on the menu, but I'd come back sometime in the future.
2	Unfortunately this place has been going downhill fast. They usually don't bring breadsticks unless I specifically ask. I get the baked ziti and there is only one small slice of cheese on it, it's even melted in the square shape it came from the deli! Talk about being cheap!They were really good, now they are just sacrificing quality for saving a few cents. It makes me sad. Going to Verona Village Inn instead...
