5	Their bread is amazing! I found this at the Town and Country farmers market. This changes my view on what good bread is. I highly recommend this and get there early because they sell out fast.
5	Seriously, the best bread out there in the Phoenix area. I buy a loaf each week at either the Town & Country farmer's market ( at the McClendon's Farm booth-another great purveyor of excellent food) or at the Scottsdale Market on Saturday.This bread can be toasted all week long-you won't find a tastier, toothier, complex, bread. From what I hear they use there own method of rising ( non commercial yeast) and heirloom grains. Some people have commented that they can eat this bread if they are gluten sensitive.
5	So many people have been raised on Wonder Bread and have no idea what a proper loaf tastes like.  Noble Bread can show you how bread is not some afterthought to a meal.Jason is a bread maestro. On many a Saturday I have saved my carbs for eating too much of a crusty, caramelized loaf with an amazing crumb. Sometimes I don't even put anything on it, it's that good.This ranks as one of life's simple pleasures for me. See for yourself.
5	Let me start out by saying that I can't eat most bread products. I don't have celiac, but I cannot eat commercially made bread. This bread is not only delicious, it's made with care, fermented for days, traditionally made. It's how bread used to be, and should be. Every time I eat it, I am shocked that I don't have bloating and fatigue I usually get after being "glutened". Yay noble bread : )
5	Simply put, Noble Bread is the best bread in the world.  Made with ancient grains and legumes, this honest, well-crafted bread is healthy as well as delicious.  Phoenix is very fortunate to have these talented bread makers.  Bravo Claudio and Jason!
5	The quality of this bread defies description.  From texture to crust, to complexity of grains, it is the best bread I've ever eaten anywhere on this planet.  Thank you Noble Bread, for making bread your passion and sharing it with the rest of us.  I buy mine at the Saturday morning farmer's market on Central and Northern.
5	I visited the new Noble Bread sandwich shop near downtown Phoenix on Tuesday and Claudio gave me a sample of the pillow bread they will be selling when they open next week.   Just like the bread they now sell, the new products will be fresh, healthy and delicious.  I was not expecting a quick tour of the bakery, but one look at the freshly baked loaves that were being packaged for the farmers market told me that this place has serious chops when it comes to bread.  From the wood fired oven to the sourdough bread, Noble delivers top shelf foods in a humble, honest manner.  Well done Claudio and Jason.
