1	Earlier this year I had needed to purchase a gown on short notice for a formal event, and my experience was good considering the time constraint. I had no complaints. But this time was something else. I took my wedding dress in to be altered, thinking foolishly that they would do a professional job. The staff was rude, and difficult to do business with but I tolerated it since the price was reasonable. I should have known something was wrong when they demanded payment up-front, and asked if I wanted Damage Insurance. This is my dress - why would I buy damage insurance? I explained that I would be out of town and would pick up after I returned (they didn't like that). Then I stayed in L.A. a few days extra, and I received a call that I HAD to come and get the dress or else.... So I had a friend pick it up for me. I finally tried on the dress to check for length, and was horrified to find that they had simply tacked the dress up in the front including the 2 layers of lining underneath. They didn't even bother to press it and try to make it hang correctly. They ignored the scalloped edges which are used on lace to make hemming easy - so the front of the dress had a thick turnover, while the back had the scalloped edge. In truth I might as well have thrown the money out the window - thankfully I have the skill and equipment to do a hem like this, and so I personally cut the fabric, removed the scallop edge from the remnant, and re- attached it myself. As I said - a complete waist of money, and when planning a wedding, one doesn't need any drama.
2	My dad had a wedding in Vegas and ordered us vests and shirts to rent from here. When we came to pick them up after we finally arrived in the city, the lady was a little rude. First, she said firmly "No, I don't know what you're talking about." Then, she changed her mind and said "I found your stuff, go try them on" in a very rude voice. 2 Stars because she offended me and my brother, and because they run out of sizes pretty fast. The quality of their stuff is pretty poor too, definitely go to Sears or Mens Warehouse instead!
5	I am a wedding planner and I had a last minute wedding in Las Vegas and WOW...what I would have done without Dianne and Glynda I have no idea!  They have lovely gowns for rent, stunning for my bride, her mother and 2 attendants.  We got the men into beautiful tuxedos.  Seriously, couples who plan for a year, look no better than this wedding party. Thank you, thank you , thank you for the guidance and actually making it fun. Maria and Dominic have heard nothing but raves...
1	The worst customer service ever. I brought my daughter here to find a dress for a sweet 16 Party. We found a gorgeous dress but unfortunately both ladies ignored . The Lady on the sales floor watched us but never attended to us while the other Lady stayed in the back. Beautiful dresses  ,  however when spending money I'd prefer customer service to be attached to the "SERVICE". NO STARS !
5	Super speedy and great customer service! Only 45 min for our party of 3 to get fitted for tuxs and walk out the door!
