5	Absolutely beautiful on the inside, clean and friendly techs. Affordable and quality work!!
5	All the girls that work here do a great job.  And I love having a glass of champagne with my mani it feels like I am really treating myself.
1	**updated 4/27/14** The first time I came here I decided to sign up for a monthly membership.  It took OVER an hour to get this done.  Not once did they apologize for making me stand there while they figured out how to use their computers. 2 days later they called me numerous times,  leaving messages for me to call back because they had the SOMEONE ELSE's credit card on my account.  (2 red flags). A few days ago I decided to call to make an appointment for a shellac manicure.  First time I got hung up on,  then I called right back and they were closed.  After calling numerous times the following day (no one would answer the phone), I made the appointment for the next day. I got to the appointment 7 minutes late and they informed me that due to that, I would be forced to get a regular manicure and not shellac.  I informed her that I would like to cancel my membership.  Just like that she said "ok,  your membership is cancelled". I sure felt like a valued customer,  funny that it takes an hour to add a customer into the system,  and a second to delete them; symbolism at it's finest.  This is the worst run nail salon I have been to, and it was a mistake to sign up for the membership.  Also the pedicure benches are extremely uncomfortable...would never in a million years recommend this place to anyone.
1	Unfortunately I cannot recommend this place to anyone.  Went here for a pedi - checked in and there is no place to sit.  Was not directed to where the colors are or what I was suppose to go.  Luckily I know a few OPI shades or I would have had to get up from soaking my feet and go pick a color.  Very unorganized.The place is incredibly small.  The technician was aloof and didn't even make eye contact with me or say one word.  It took her 15 minutes to paint my toes - any Asian tech can do it in 5 min perfectly.  The benches are horribly uncomfortable and there was no "bubbly" as they advertised.  The pedi with callus was $35 same as the standard shops; however, the massage was 2 minutes instead of 10 so it was a bit of a ripoff.   I'll stick with Scottsdale Nails from now on.
5	Love this place! Both locations are great and the staff is super friendly. They are reasonably priced, have a lot of options, and the salon is super clean! Feeling like a cocktail while you are getting your nails done? Try their Scottsdale Road and Indian Bend location!
5	Suzanne was great! She was very thoughtful and made sure my nails were perfect! Salon is very clean and inviting... All the other girls working were sweet too! I will definitely be back.
1	Long story short, THIS PLACE SUCKS.  Girl doing my nails didn't know how. Nails got messed up because she made the amateur mistake of applying the polish too thick. If this place is still there come 2015, I will be completely surprised. If I could give zero stars, I would. Save your $$ and go somewhere else.
5	Awesome experience every single time!! Most recently, I brought a group of friends in for Mother's Day. Our group of 7 got manis and pedis and they let us bring our own mimosas and treats. Our services were perfect, the 20 Lounge team was super friendly and accommodating even with our last minute requests and changes. Thank you for a special Mother's Day!
3	I gave 20 Lounge 3 stars, but only because of an employee--Suzanne!  She is wonderful, funny, smart and most of all meticulous and wonderful at her nail/toe jobs. I am always very pleased with my nails and toes.  She is friendly and efficient, always busy, helping clean, bringing other clients water, refilling supplies, or doing dishes.  In fact I overheard the employees discussing that the washer and dryer had been  broken for a long time a little while back.  Some of the girls like Toni and Suzanne took towels home every night to wash at home.  I heard someone say that Suzanne even took towels home and brought them back on her days off!!  I hope these girls will get reimbursed for their time and effort, materials, and energy?The setting of 20 Lounge is nice looking, but not at all comfortable.  And who would know it was a nail salon?  There is no seating in the waiting area.  The pedicure chairs are hard and bench like.  And where are the relaxing jets and comfy chairs a woman longs for during a pedicure?  I also feel sorry for the employees.  The posture they must assume to do the work is horrible.  Has the designer ever sat and tried to perform a pedicure in that position?  I am surprised that the company has not received multiple workers comp claims after watching the techs sit/bend whatever to do this work.The salon is also uncomfortably HOT!!  Someone mentioned the ac is controlled by the Quarter.  What is it going to feel like in there when it is 120 degrees outside?  I certainly won't be going there to find out.  I can get my nails done at home in San Diego instead of when in AZ for work.  The salon would definitely benefit from low hanging multiple ceiling fans.The manicure area is also not the most comfy.  The lighting is very poor.  Someone else had returned for touch up because parts of her nail were missed.  Also one tech even brought her own light.The receptionists, both an older woman and a younger one, are useless.  I have seen them sit and stare at the computer or check messages on their cell phone.  I have run my own business, and these girls are not an asset to your company.So Suzanne rocks!  and the rest of the place needs help.
5	Came in for a Ritz pedicure and it was just amazing!    I saw a color on another customer that I liked and asked the assistant manager, Suzanne, if I could see it.   She told me the customer brought that one in from home....she then proceeded to go across the street and buy me the polish herself!!!!!!   Can't even think of the last time anyone exceeded my expectations.     Savannah then gave me my pedi and turned my tired toes into beautiful twinkle toes!!   Thank you - pedi customer for life.Kathleen
2	My husband and I wanted to get a nice pedicure before we took off to Cali. When we arrived at 20 lounge it was clean and fresh looking. I did enjoy the look of the salon and the girl we talked with when we arrived was nice but not all that helpful. No one pointed out where to find a polish and there was no waiting area. We were told to just walk over to the pedicure area and take a seat wherever. I give this place 2 stars because I did enjoy the girl (won't name names)who did my service. Although the girl who did my husbands was very sweet just didn't seem to want to do his service. It was obvious she didn't want to be at work at all. The worse part is she filed my husbands big toe until it began to bleed. Eeeeek! My hubby was trying to be cool with it but it was obvious he was getting upset by it (rightfully so). I am in the service industry and know that mistakes happen. I never wanted to write a bad review but I do not agree with how the situation was handled. The service provider did clean the wound and wrap it properly with a bandaid, however she just threw in a callus remover to make up for what had happened. While I know she felt awful about what happened, you could see it on her face. It didn't make him feel any better that he was stuck with having to pay for that kind of experience.  No manger or supervisor of any kind came to asses the situation. I feel that his service should have been comp'd or at least reduced significantly. Again I never wanted to have to write this, I hate when people bring down a business with an angry yelp review, however after several attempts at trying to contact a manager with no response I felt that this was necessary.  So I don't feel too awful, after all the business should be expecting more negative than positive reviews with this kind of customer service and management.
5	love love loved our experience here!! 6 girls for a birthday party, brought in champagne & our nails turned out fabulous!
3	If Suzanne ran the place then I would give this place five stars. She personally is five stars, but the rest of the gals are just okay. *Gorgeous* space, but the team needs more training and consistency for this place to last. A few examples of things that need to be improved: towels presented as clean even though they have stains on them, tacky behavior such as one gal (after my pedicure) putting my shoes on the *counter* where I was getting my nails done, front desk issues (one time I stood there over 2 minutes waiting to be acknowledged while the girl behind the desk was weaving bracelets), etc. And the nonstop sexy music videos on the TVs are a bit too much. I don't need or want to look at Nikki Minaj's butt while I'm getting a pedi. But overall it's a lovely place.
