4	In one short day I needed so many things mailed out and faxed - and this place really accommodated me and my list. All smiles, no complaints...Best thing? Everything was done perfectly! Faxes arrived where they should have as did the packages. WOO HOO!!!No one rolled their eyes when they saw me coming with the boxes. I have been known to cause a small amount of fear and trepidation in establishments like this because everything that goes out has to be precise.Two thumbs up!
1	I went into this UPS to ship my package and the service was great when they were getting my money. However,  I had a situation where the package had to be shipped back a few days later so the UPS store out of town had to ship it back to the store it came from. When I went to pick up the package the owner was RUDE and treated me like I was a child. She insisted that I was crazy and that the package could not be delivered there. I was in shock when she started to talk to me slowly like a child explaining how "shipping" works!The funny part, sure enough, my package was delivered there and I had to keep calling to make sure it was not sent back. The issue wasn't really the package situation but the customer service....don't be rude and uppity. Plus she charged me $5 to pick up the package from her store saying it was a "private location". WTH?? its UPS..the least private place in the world.Anyway, I would have gladly paid for any error on my part if the customer service was good. She threw the package on the counter when it was picked up...there was a laptop in there! This UPS store has turned me into a FedEx customer. I am sooo fed up with bad customer service!!
1	EVERYTHING THAT IS WRONG WITH SMALL BUSINESS can be found right here at the UPS Store near Donson Ranch. From the second you walk in, you'll hear conservative talk radio being played nice and loudly. Then when it's time to pay, better get out a second mortgage. This place over chargers for everything - EVERYTHING. I even asked for a paper clip after making $9.00 worth of photocopies and was told I had to buy a box. This UPS store is a BUST.
