4	Even though I'm a meat and potatoes kind of dude, I do have a healthy passion to shop. I'm in Scottsdale for Giants Spring Training, and my mom had been talking up "Stein Mart" for a while.Stein Mart is basically a supremely organized and high end Marshalls or Nordstrom Rack. They had HUNDREDS of Lucky Jeans, Rockin Republic, Tommy Bahama, etc. They also had a golf section, and loads of ASU gear.All in all, I got two pairs of Lucky Jeans, a pair of ASU cargo shorts, an ASU cap and some polka dot flip-flips for my wife. Total bill: $151, total savings: $140.
4	Usually I'll hit up a TJ Maxx or Marshalls before a Stein Mart, but it's always an option!  Stein Mart is a couple notches above the aforementioned stores, with big selections of various merchandise, but not at Neiman Marcus, Macy's or Nordstrom prices. Stein Mart has women's and men's clothing, home furnishings/decor, purses, jewelry, casual wear and lingerie.  The tags show you what you'd pay at a larger-name store, so you can see immediately what you'll save on that item. Returns are easy too, if that becomes necessary. This location is in the Promenade off N Scottsdale Rd and Frank Lloyd Wright...a bit hard to find, but just keep going back in the parking lot.
4	What did we do before God invented Stein Mart?Okay, God didn't invent Stein Mart, but their prices are truly divine.  We have been in this store several times or more a week before the Holidays and it seemed like the prices were "going out of business" like. I watched my spouse buy about five items, and between the coupons on her Stein Mart's customer card and the coupons from the mail & circular, I was sure they were going to pay her in the end.  The prices are that good.  Really!  But, bring your coupons and sign up for the Stein Mart customer card
4	I like shopping the clearance deals they have at Stein Mart... usually good quality clothing at reasonable prices. The selection here also tends not to be "one offs" (only one pieces of clothing in a particular style or color), like Ross or Marshalls tends to be. They have a pretty good variety.Also... use the Stein Mart loyalty card (the one you keep on your keychain)... they track points, which leads to greater savings at the checkout.
5	I have been meaning to write a review for this place for over 6 months, so I apologize for the delay. I have been in the store a few times and every time I ask the associate for help, they are extremely helpful and knowledgeable. This one particular time, the associate helped my find attire that mimic Janis Joplin for a party I was going to and she spent about 30 minutes with me right before closing time. Another time I had to do a return and it couldn't have been easier. It is Stein Mart so the selection will be hit or miss, but I have always found consistent and excellent customer service.
1	Talk about spoiling the experience. Don't get me wrong, I love Stein Mart's deals. The reason why this store gets only one stars is because of bad customers service and Yelp doesn't have the option for no stars. I was there on a Saturday morning; looked everywhere to find an associate to help me in the floor. No luck. Than during check out, (which I had the fortune, or better said misfortune to be served by the store manager herself) I was rushed out and even told 'you are holding the line' when I asked to correct the wrong prices, hence the total amount - and we're talking about double. She was supposed to grant me three different coupons (50% off for red dotted home goods, 30% off and 20% from store coupons on different items) and she kept granting them partially.  I kept cool and thanking her for helping and she kept being plain RUDE. What kind of example is she setting for the other employees?! Unacceptable behavior . I will not go back there until they do something about the customer service.
3	Stein Mart isn't really targeting my demographic, but I still like to pop in for a browse and usually come out with some good finds. They usually have a selection of Michael Kors, and I can usually find some MK belts there as well. This is one of my go-to stops for cheap lingerie, and I've found the odd pair of shoes here as well. It's worth a browse to see what you can find.
2	A very mixed bag.  The prices are inflated for merchandise that frequently seems to be "seconds".  There are some great buys, but that's only for items on "sale", and by using one of their 20/40/50% coupons.  Cute home accessories, but again, prices are cheaper for similar stuff at other stores. Big selection of shoes...but way overpriced. Lingerie & costume jewelry selections are plentiful & pricing is good. Salespeople, when they can be found (almost never), are abrupt, bordering on rude (especially the ones who've worked there awhile!).  Cashiers also are not the warmest folks..and seem  unwilling to help.
