3	I'm not sure how we ended up here. We were looking for a reprieve from The Strip, which was being pummeled by a dust storm, so we thought Paris seemed like a place we could find a good lounge. After walking in circles having trouble finding anything but a quickie casino bar, we saw Le Central, a slightly-elevated circular bar that looked like a decent vantage point for playing "That's Your Boyfriend". (Oh and it WAS.)The server, whose name I've forgotten, was totally sweet and reminded me a lot of Bethenny Frankel. Funny, a little dry and caustic, but inviting and welcoming.Martini drinks were 2 for 1, and I appreciated that she didn't make each of us get two. She let us pay for 1 and each have our own individual.  Some bars here make you drink them both *and* sometimes even force you to get them both at the same time, leaving one warm and less than awesome. So that was nice.Sadly, the drinks recommended -- the French Bikini made with chambord and pineapple and Absolut, was kind of bleh.  It's not my usual kind of drink to order, but my friend didn't really get into it either, so I don't think it was just me. We drank it -- don't get me wrong. For $16, you drink your damn drink, but we promptly headed over to The Cosmopolitan for a proper cocktail like we should've from the get-go.  (But That's Your Boyfriend isn't as tragic there.)If I happened to be in Paris and just needed a cocktail, I'd cop a squat and get a drink here, sure. But I'd probably stick with something I usually order, like a vodka tonic or a simple dry martini.
5	Absolutely fabulous bar in the Paris hotel! Great location, right in the center of everything, great for people watching, and the best part is that they have 2 for 1 Martini's from 12 - 7pm on a daily basis = 5 stars for me!
2	This bar used to be awesome but after experiencing a bartender who was more interested in loudly and inappropriately (even by Vegas standards) relaying a story about his insane party weekend than taking our order we won't be back.
1	OMG brutally slow! Your better off watching paint dry then ordering a drink here. Sit at the bar if there's room, if not go somewhere else!!!Sitting at the table is the worst idea we ever had. It took almost 20 mins for our waitress, Samantha, to bring out bottles of water and a black coffee. And she forgot 1 bottle of water. So, she had to go back for that one. AND she had our credit card so we couldn't even get up and leave! Then she brought the bill, looked over my friend's shoulder as she signed and tipped her (which is the absolute worst), then collected the receipt.  Then 5 mins later came back and asked us if she got our signed bill. Bang head on wall. Holy he11 it was awful! We were staying there for a convention and were going to have cocktail meetings there. BUT after the first one we quickly changed venues. STAY AWAY!
