3	For the jewelry freak in all of us, this is a great place to check out.  They have a wide variety of hand made jewelry as well as commercial made stuff.  They were having a clearance sale when I was there which I would definitely recommend checking out if it's still going on.  The original prices of the items were a little steep for me but the sale prices were down right cheap.  A real amethyst or topaz ring for $5 is great no matter how you slice it.  They also have these really unique hand made rings made with almost mismatched stones.  I know that sounds weird but they looked really cool.  Anyway, check it out if you're in the market for a unique piece for your jewelry box.
4	Similar, but a smidge smaller than its Dilworth and Arboretum counterparts, Handpicked at Blakeney is still pretty super. I sauntered into this particular location while they were having a sale on both handbags and Christmas items...to the tune of 50% off! There's plenty of cute, vegan friendly handbags - I haven't seen a leather item in a Handpicked, ever - and gobs of jewelry for any taste level. Plus, I spied a nice variety of scarves, picture frames and even faux fur vests and knit ponchos. With great service, a nice variety of goods and affordable prices, Handpicked definitely the gift items on lock!
1	Purchased a watch as a gift for a friend - it didn't fit. Though Hand Picked failed to include a gift receipt in the gift package at time of purchase as I originally requested, my friend attempted to exchange the product just the same. She was told that without a receipt she couldn't exchange or get a refund - couldn't even swap the watch for the exact style in a different fit. The staff was rude and condescending, sticking to 'the policy.' Afterwards I wrote the store but never received a response. There are simply too many options for the consumer these days to tolerate customer service like this. I love supporting small businesses but unfortunately can't do it in this case any longer.
3	They offer a  wide variety of jewelry and gifts that are unique and tasteful. The selection of jewelery is especially good. I have found some super cool gifts here and they do have nice sales from time to time.  I am sure I'll be stopping in again soon to do some holiday shopping!
1	I visited this store on September 20th with a friend. As we were looking for jewelry, the young girls in the store asked if we needed help and were attentive. Then a lady (apparently the manager) began reprimanding a sales girl very loudly about how slow she was on the register and that she needed to improve quickly. Then she went around the store to the other workers asking for their time off requests again LOUDLY. My friend said something like "wow" and the manager said "sorry to do this in front of you but that's the way it is!"  I was shocked by her unprofessional tone with us the customers but more with the sales staff. When I was checking out at the register, the young girl checking me out realized she knew me and spent a moment establishing how I knew her parents. The manager then shouted from across the store "you have got to speed up on that register!"  I was embarrassed for the sales clerk. Oh and their was only two other people in the store no one else in line. Just a terrible experience and if I were the owner of that store I would be concerned. Follow up: my friend who was with me that day went back to the store two days ago and that same manager was talking politics loudly (again!) with her staff and saying very divisive statements. Not how you want to present yourself to the public. I will not visit there again.   I hope the owner sees this.
