4	Really good eats and a varied menu, especially for Apache Junction. Great prices. Excellent margaritas, about the best I have had anywhere.  VERY noisy bar crowd that can spoil your meal, but thankfully, it is not that way all the time. Avacado Dressing on salad is one of a kind and  steaks are tasty and cooked perfectly. Mexican food as well that will meet or beat  anyone. Best fajitas I recall having anywhere. Nice staff and a trained chef adds a great touch. Oh yes, they are open when most everyone else in Apache Junction has gone home.
1	This place sucks! The owner waited on us and her frizzy nasty hair was hanging down and all over the place. I guess because she had a hat on it was ok YUCK beside that she is a terrible waitress and this is the second time she has waited on us. The prime rib was the absolute worst we have ever had, the mac and cheese was pasta with milk no flavor at all. The owners kid runs around, screams and acts like a heathen and they think its cute and thats what paying customers want to experience when they go in there. We wont be spending anymore money in that place.
3	We went here the other night and a new waitress went around to every table saying "i'm going to go do this, then this, etc" and told everyone exactly what she was going to do down to little details. A couple tables hadn't gotten service or food for a while and she kept going back and talking to them and other tables. While waiting for quite a while to even order, we kept getting chips and salsa, but no refills on water. The new waitress asked another if she could please go around and give water refills (I'm sure we're not the only ones who asked.) and the girl angrily crumpled placemat papers on the table as if it were the one asking to to the water and she said please and the angry waitress snapped "I'm getting it! I'm getting it!" and stomped away. My fiance soon was snapped out of staring into space and told me to turn and look at this one waitress who who was wearing a shirt with slits cut all down the back and a tacky pink bra clip very visable from her whole back. For this establishment, it was a little offensive. We eventually got our order and food and while the food was great, a to-go order was done wrong and we didn't notice until home.When it was time to pay, the waitress took the card with her, went to go take other tables orders and do other stuff then my fiance went to go tell the manager she wasn't back yet, plus about all the other bickering and drama going on in the restaurant by staff and he found them at the bar with a friend and after he laid it all out to them they said "okay, thanks."Went back to their drinks at the bar.Sooooo...he insisted on going back to correct the order they had messed up to take home and found the waitress, she admitted to her mistake in the ordering and gave money OUT OF POCKET to pay for the error. He gave her some tips since it was her first day and he works at restaurants and they promptly made a new correct order.While the Mexican food is great here, it seemed slow and we were easily caught hearing loud, unecessary arguements (as did other customers watching) and unprofessionalism.  And the manager didn't care at all. However the honesty and effort the new girl tried to put in to please everyone was more than what anyone in the place had tried to do, and fixed her errors, and paid!
4	We've eaten at LaRaza many times.  It is our destination for Mexican food. The food has always been excellent although there have been times that the service has been lacking. It does appear that there is a large turnover of the wait staff since we rarely have the same waitress.  The noise from the bar can be disturbing, but it looks like management is working on helping that situation.   We have found our best experiences have been during "off" hours rather than peak evening meal times.
4	This place is a little dive-y, and the hours are very Apache-Junction (they close at 9:00 on a Saturday?!), but the food is excellent and they deal with the seasonal crowds that enter AJ in January through April.The Southwestern Burrito (I think that's what it's called, the one with cactus in it) is huge and tasty.  The cornbread is heavenly.  The margaritas are great.
