3	First and last visit to the Furniture Factory.I was in the parking lot searching through Yelp for the nearest furniture store and viola!, a furniture store happens to be in same parking lot that I happen to be in. Convenient and if I find what I'm looking for at the right price, score!So, I enter and immediately see two guys sitting on couches. I wasn't sure if they were employees or customers, but one said "Hi".  That was the extent of our conversation. As soon as I pass them, they get up to assist customers walking in.  Now, I'm irrigated,  but no big deal. I will just browse and if I see something I like, maybe someone will assist. Then I see it.  I found the table I'm looking for. but it's missing the price. I stood and stood waiting for someone to help me. I also see employees all over the place going out of their way to serve other customers. I'm not going to speculate to why, but I guess I didn't look like a furniture buying looking dude.  However, I was the first customer that walked inside their doors at the time. After about 10 minutes of standing in front of the table pacing with no service, I decided to approach them for assistance. I finally got the price and it was perfect.  However, I already lost interest and would rather take my money to a place that wants it. I'm not going out of my way to buy something where the salesperson will not, at least, meet me halfway to sell it. I could easily give this place 1 or 2 stars, but I won't.  They didn't have a huge selection, but they did have some quality furniture at pretty good prices. I don't want my review to discourage all other customers looking for a great deal.  They just need to be patient enough to deal with bad service. Obviously, I don't see myself coming back to Furniture Factory.  In fact, I ended up paying almost double for the same looking table somewhere else. I was planning on changing up a my whole downstairs furniture by the end of the year. Just too bad Furniture Factory is not going to be part of it. The sales people probably get paid on commission too.  Big Mistake!..Big!..Huge!
1	Dont buy furniture from this store.  The items might look fantastic and the customer service might be nice but their stuff is nothing but CRAP.  I bought sofa set and bed.   e delivery process was horrible and the one of the sofa caved in and also the bed frame broke after 2 months.  i called them to fix it since under a warranty.  Man it was war without any result.  The store cant do much since they work with warehouse and warehouse practically have no customer service.
4	All sales final. No exchanges or refunds. They charge an extra 2% if you use your credit card. Bob was nice and willing to lower/haggle prices, which I thought was nice. He said they had been in business for years.Store is a little crowded, not much walking room. So, you may have to some fancy maneuvering. They don't have a big selection of TV/entertainment stands.We picked up our dining room table from their warehouse to save money. We chose to assemble it and luckily, no problems with the product.
1	It's probably a bad sign if a "clearance" furniture store as zero cars in front of it despite tons of sale signs outside. Zero percent interest, no payments, financing available, no credit check, etc- the signs were screaming out for people to go in and buy.But when we went in, everything was ridiculously overpriced. I don't associate "wholesale prices" with $800 couches, and I'm pretty sure no one else does either.The furniture here is all either very modern or very large, clunky, and outdated, so in addition to being out of my price range it's also not my style, at all. The lady stationed at the front door seemed used to people walking in, gasping at the prices, and walking out. Felt bad for her. Not sure how this place stays open.
5	I furnished my house with: dining room, living room and master bedroom with this store and was very happy with the price and service overall :) Love it!!
