5	This is one of Apple's many retail stores. Currently, the only one in Las Vegas not located on Las Vegas Boulevard ("The Strip"). These stores specialize in Apple products, of course, including phones, tablets, and computers, but they also carry many quality products from other prestigious companies. Apple doesn't discount their products, selling them for list price almost always. That said, you come to an Apple Store for the customer service, which is what they specialize in. I wish every business had this level of customer service! Every employee is trained extremely well, and if they don't know something, they are very happy to find someone who does. They have a "Genius Bar" where Apple trained experts can troubleshoot the problem with your Apple device and get it working right! They also have free classes to train you on their products, whether it's your new iPhone, iPad, or Mac computer. Free!During today's visit (Grand Opening Day!), I was continuously being politely asked if I needed any assistance. When I declined, there was no sales pitch of any kind. Each worker politely offered if I needed anything that they were there to help, and walked away. In particular, I was greeted by "Nichole", a very nice young lady who has only worked for Apple Stores for a month. I was looking for a car mount/charger for my iPhone. I wasn't sure if a model they had would fit my phone in its case. Without hesitation, she offered to open it up for me and test the fit. I left feeling very happy, treated like a king. Customer service and top notch products: This is the level of service I have come to expect from Apple Stores, and I'm glad the new Downtown Summerlin location continues that expectation!
4	Park closer to Macy's. Go through Macy's, when you exit the back, make a left. For an Apple Store, it was pretty standard. You have your Genius workers that try to assist the swarms of customers. The purpose of my visit was to purchase the iPhone 6 Plus. When I arrived to the store, the security guards informed me that I had to wait in line with the others who were intended to purchase the phone as well. No problem. I was number 11 in line, so how bad could that be? Well, I waited in line for TWO hours until a worker from the store took my name. During that two hours, not one person from the line was being helped. I sent my husband in the store to inquire what was taking so long and of course they give a very general answer, "We're doing the best we can." Umm...no. The best would be taking in at least 3 customers - get them in and out. Well, at almost the three hour mark, I just walked out of the line. Based on this experience I would have given this store a one star, but who am I kidding. I am Apple junky and I will probably be back in line next year when the next phone generation is released. Same goes for the next gen iPad, iPod, MacBook, etc. So, it would be pointless for me to write such a negative review, and then you'll see my ass back at that store.
3	A three star Apple Store review from me--wow, who would have thought?I stopped in here Monday only to find the same kind of line that Christine A described.  After about standing for 10 minutes, an employee came down the line and asked what phone I wanted, the 6 or the 6 Plus.  I didn't know so I was told I could go in the store, look, decide, and come back out and make my reservation.  I just told her I'd go to Town Square at which time she pointed out that there'd be a line there too.  She advised me to come early.Yesterday, I went back about 10 minutes before opening and I was third in line.  When the store opened, I went in and looked at both and made my decision.  I then came out and told her which model I wanted.  There was another wait until it was my time to purchase.Next up was the person who brought the phone to me and went through the trade in of the old one and the purchase of the new one.  Then I was taken to the setup table where I was handed off to a third person who got me started on the setup process, most of which I did on my own but he was around so I could ask a question when I needed to.  The slowest part of the whole thing was the wait for the backup from the cloud to load all my apps from the old phone.  After two hours at the store, I was done and left with my purchase.  I wasn't offered nor given a bag.  It was, "Awesome, you're done!"I understand that the iPhone 6 is very popular as was the 5 when it came out.  It seems like they've made this process unnecessarily circuitous,  Also, when I arrived Monday, there was no one around to explain why the line nor what one was supposed to do.  I have to give the employees kudos for their service for the most part.  But Apple, please tell your youngsters that buying an iPhone is not awesome.  I think I heard the word at least once in every other sentence from all three employees with whom I dealt.  The Grand Canyon is awesome.  An iPhone is nice, great, but please, go easy on the awesome!I'm glad the store is so close to my home--just about 3/4 mile.  Since I've had an Apple computer and successors since 1984, I will be back.  I love their products.Finally, when I left yesterday, there was no line.  The store has been open less than a week so I suppose that I was just in the midst of the rush.  But I should have gone to Town Square Monday.
5	I am SO thrilled to not have to drive down to Town Square and walk half a mile from the parking lot to get to the Apple Store, now that Apple has come to Downtown Summerlin.  After my beloved iPhone 5 got stolen in Warsaw (that's Poland, not Wisconsin), I toughed it out with my old, hot pink Motorola Razr until my contract expired.  It was withdrawal at it finest.  No, worst.  You can't go home again.  And then I waited, and waited until someone, and that would be Best Buy, had a 64GB in stock - and a good deal.  Alas, the phone was totally *&^%$'d up, and after hours on the phone troubleshooting, a wise Senior Adviser advised what could have saved a bunch of time, and that is, get a new phone.With visions of Town Square not dancing in my head, I set off to the new Apple store, and found a parking spot immediately despite the holiday season.  It took THREE hours to transfer all my stuff to the new phone, but the Genius assigned to me, Joe, stayed with me the whole time.  I may be an Apple fanboy, er, girl, even though I own a PC and not a Mac, but I'm thrilled with the store and its proximity to my house.  Viva Apple!
1	Well not such a big fan of Apple any more, I am now in the market for an Android! I have paid over $100 a month for over 13 months. Today I awake and my iphone does not turn on. I use this phone as a business phone, and I thought Apple would handle the problem. First of all Shandra & Scott! I dont even know what the hell a Jail Break phone is, or whatever the hell you inquired about, I just know I walked out feeling really insulted and never received the assistance I deserved after using your product for over 13 months. Each employee in our company uses apple products, now there will definitely be changes coming.
5	What can one say? I mean "it's Apple." The coolest, most innovative, intelligent company in the world. You don't get to a net worth of 600 Billion for nothing. What Steve Jobs did with a start up out of his garage to what it is today is truly an epic story like no other. The Apple Store was a genius idea. Dell had the chance to purchase all radio shacks and didn't. They screwed up! They would have had the same thing Apple now has. This Apple Store in downtown summerlin is very spacious and cool. Nice employees. Stop by if you are here
1	Just went to get my phone replaced as I am within the year of Apple care and my phone's screen is literally popping off (always have a case on it, but it's still coming apart). I spoke to ANGIE asking if she could just replace it for me, as I have everything backed up on iCloud and wouldn't require any assistance beyond the replacement of the phone itself. She replied that she was too busy for me right then and that I could come back in two days. TWO DAYS! I was shocked at how she was too busy to just walk the phone to the back room and retrieve a new one, when she was literally just staring into her iPad. I'm so disappointed, you would think that such a successful company would value its customers more:(
1	I've been to Apple stores all over the US, in Seattle, Florida, Denver, Las Vegas. This store is, hands down, the worst. I strongly advise one of the other Apple stores in Vegas. For whatever reason, this one seems particularly poorly managed.First, it's freezing cold in January 2015 and there's no mall, the place is outside! This is apparently to maximize exposure to extreme temperatures in both winter and summer.  Crazy.  The most disappointing part is that the place is ALWAYS understaffed. There's always a wait to buy whatever you're looking for, at least in my experience. Wait times vary from 15 to 45 minutes. Ive never been to an Apple store where there was a wait of more than a few minutes. I don't ever recall it being an issue. Regrettably, some of the staff have surly attitudes. The guy who explained the wait repeatedly offered the following explanation, "Yes, there's always a wait when we're busy." Really?? Why?? Is it really that difficult to correctly staff a small retail store? Maybe McDonalds can offer some useful pointers on business management and basic staffing ratios.  The DMV staffing model doesn't work in private business. The place seems to be chaotic and the few staff around seem to try to avoid eye contact. There seems to be a general lack of maturity to the entire place. The staff seems more interested in giving complex tutorials to people who want to play, rather than ringing up customers who want to BUY.  I saw the head red-shirt give a five-minute explanation to a woman who wanted to know where the bathroom was. I had to chase him around the store to make an "appointment" to buy an iPhone. We wont be back to this craptastic Apple Store.
