4	Had dinner at Thai Express with my sisters and dad, we all met up at the Berri Metro stop and ran across the street to eat.   The inside is modern Green , and Grey colours throughout. 3 employees were there to help serve you and make sure the meals are quickly made to order and affordable prices.    They offer soups with your choice of meats, egg/spring rolls, veggie options like fried Tofu and Curries. Red curry: Pepper, onion, bamboo shoots and Thai basil                     Green curry: Pepper, onion, eggplant and Thai basil                     Yellow curry: Pepper, onion, carrot, potato and pineappleAnd Choice of: A) Shrimps B) Beef C) Chicken D) Vegetable E) Tofu F) Fish    Amazing Made to order choices.Stir-Frys, Fried Rice,  Pad Thai, Pad Sew, are more of the choices you can make to eat here.       My sister got the Chicken Pad Thai .  Its Thin rice noodles stir-fried with sweet and sour sauce, eggs, bean sprouts, green onion, tofu and salted radish with thin sliced chicken, soo good.  My sister ordered it in a to-go box and ate with chop sticks, she ordered it medium (hot) and wow it was spicy!  She shared half the dinner with me, the order comes with plenty of food.  My other sis ordered the Yellow Curry Dish with Shrimp. Its a silky, creamy and spicy dish made with coconut milk, served on steamed rice.  The rice was good I think basmati, and the curry was good. I did enjoy the Pad Thai more though.   Great speedy fast, I can't believe how fast they cook food on the Burning Hot Wok.They really know what they're doing here, and it seems convenient and a go-to food for lots of locals.  I see lots ordering take- out and back on the Metro, pretty convenient.I'de come back to Thai Express they make your food made to order quickly..Pad Thai
1	Wow, definitely the worst "Thai" food I've ever tried to choke down. Completely flavorless, mushy and definitely not worth the $8.95.  You'd be better off gnawing on your sweaty sock....
3	Nourriture correcte pour le prix. Il s'agit plutot d'un fast food.
3	Stay away from the tofu!!! Inedible!!! I ordered the noodles with tofu, and when they asked if I wanted it spicy, I said yes. OMG! I love my food spicy, but it was almost too spicy! The tofu itself was terrible!!! So...The noodles themselves were actually pretty good. So this is why I am giving it 3 stars. Noodles good; flavors alright; too spicy; tofu absolute crap; price a bit high ($8), but you got a lot of noodles.
3	Good place to eat if you're a busy on the go kinda person. This is the kind of place I would go to for lunch or a quick snack but not fancy dining, that's for sure. It is what it is. Fast food Asian dining.
2	I've been seeing this place since I came to Montreal, and decided to give it a try two nights ago. I stopped eating fast food 7 years ago (McDonalds, Burger King, KFC, etc) but this menu seemed a little less bad, so I tried it. I ordered a meal sized portion of Tom Yum soup, and the vegetable fried roll. It was pretty bad honestly. I mean, I was expecting it to be kind of crappy, with over bearing flavors hiding the crap ingredients like cheap asian etc, but it wasn't even that.The spring roll was alright, it was about as good as the frozen ones you chuck in the oven, which I actually like. But this was $3 per one, and kinda small. Anyway, gobbled it and on to soup.The soup was pretty big, but when I opened it and tried it it was pretty bad. It just tasted and looked like sprouts floating in boiling water. After stirring a bit, I found noodles and two shrimps, but the shrimps were kinda gross tasting, and the soup just tasted like a stock cube. I was starving so I drank about half the soup and then left it. Really unimpressed. And alright Tom Yum is not hard to make.I won't order from here again or ever go. The whole thing was like $16, and there is a Pho place next to my house that sells great Pho for $10, I will ALWAYS go there over Thai Express. In fact I would even if it was $20.Remember, I am aware this is a fast food restaurant, and the review reflects that. ie, Harvey's would be 4 stars, McDonald's 3.
1	Certainly wish I had read these reviews before I stopped in, but I wanted a quick lunch and this was close to my hotel. The young woman barely looked up from her phone to take my order, then disappeared into a corner as fast as she could get away. My Tom Yum soup was extremely bland, the only discernible taste seemed to come from peanut butter stirred into the water.  There were some bean sprouts, a few shrimp, and noodles. And at over $12 for the bowl. It was definitely not cheap.  Lots of great restaurants in this neighborhood. This is not one of them.
