5	Fresh fruit arranged as a tasty bouquet is a great gift for any occasion. Whether it's for Valentine's Day or a gift or if you've ended up in the doghouse for something. Always a good decision.
5	I travel for work, working different places for three months at a time.  I like to give the people I work with a nice fruit basket on my last day.  I've used Edible Arrangements in 7 states.  This store is by far the best I have ever experienced.  I used it once a couple of months ago and was very impressed, but thought it might have been a fluke.  But yesterday I bought another arrangement from them and I was thrilled!  All Edible Arrangement stores are not created equal - this store goes above and beyond the product description.  Absolutely delicious fruit, perfectly hand-dipped, arranged beautifully....and it seems to me they are generous with their portions.Overall, I like Edible Arrangements, but I LOVE this particular store!!  If you are looking for something besides the usual boring cookies to bring to a get-together, get yourself a fruit bouquet.  You will be the hit of the party.
1	If I could give this place zero stars, I would.My boyfriend is currently living in Texas for work and wanted to surprise me with an edible arrangement for our 8 year anniversary. He ordered it ONE WEEK in advance to be delivered to my work. The woman he spoke on the phone with guaranteed delivery before 3PM.Delivery day rolls around and there was no edible arrangement in sight. He called and spoke with a different gal who told him that she didn't know why he was guaranteed delivery before 3PM because they only guarantee delivery til 5PM. I waited until 5:10PM at my work and there still was no edible arrangement. He called and had them deliver it to his house. I got home at 6:30PM and left at 9PM - still no delivery. No call, no email, nothing.I call the next day and spoke with Jen who was at first pretty courteous on the phone, but after I started voicing my displeasure I could tell she was getting agitated with me. She blamed the missed delivery on the fact that we had a dust storm. If you live in Arizona you should know that we get dust storms in the summertime. This place is right down the road from my work and there was NO DUST STORM between 3PM-5PM, just wind. This doesn't answer my question: if delivery is guaranteed before 5PM, why didn't I receive my edible arrangement? She then told me that her manager delivered the arrangement at 7:30PM to his house. I left at 9PM because there was no delivery. You want to know how long it is to drive from this location to my boyfriends house? 15-20 minutes tops. How long is it to drive from this location to my work? Less than 10 minutes. You had ALL DAY to deliver this. The windy weather didn't start til about 4PM. Why wasn't the arrangement delivered earlier if you knew there would be inclement weather?I asked to have his money refunded on his card, because honestly we are so upset that they ruined something special that my boyfriend was trying to do for me on our anniversary. Jen said that she was not authorized to do a a refund. I let her know that my boyfriend lives in Texas, where there is a two hour time difference, and works 12-16 hour days where there is little to no cell service. It would be highly unlikely that he would be able to call during their business hours. She then asked me if he had no cell service, how was he able to speak with her manager the previous day? i don't know, why wasn't my arrangement delivered before 5? Questions that apparently have no answer.Not only am I appalled at how rude Jen was, but I am just in disbelief at this company's overall lack of care to their customers on their special day. NOBODY has even apologized for ruining our anniversary. My boyfriend did get a call through and got his card refunded, however it will take 9-12 BUSINESS DAYS for the refund to show up. What?! He also said that there was no apologies and general lack of concern for our displeasure.This place is horrid and I can't believe that they are willing to treat their customers like this. Annie the manager needs to work on her customer service training for her employees. Or at least tell them to say "I'm so sorry". I am letting everyone know to not use this place.
1	Update: the manager Annie has yet to call me. Either Jen didn't tell her manager about her horrendous customer service skills, or Annie isn't woman enough to deal with customer complaints. Overall fail in this locations lack of care. Beware!
1	Update:I never received a phone call from "Annie" or anyone from Edible Arrangements about my refund. I called and spoke with the manager (forget her name but it wasn't Annie) and she said that the refund had to be completed through the original store the arrangement was purchased through, and that she would call them and let them know. A week passes and we still have no refund. I called and speak with the same manager and she did promptly take care of us and refund the money onto my boyfriends card, which I gave the card info over the phone. She then informed me that Jen was not authorized to do any refunds of any kind over the phone, so basically my boyfriend gave his card information to a stranger. We've taken care of our accounts, however BEWARE of this place. We NEVER recevied an apology for ruining our 8 year anniversary. HORRIBLE customer service and I will never recommend any Edible Arrangements locations to anyone ever again.
