1	Nu U Med Spa Is a Big Scam.  I bought a prepaid Series of Treatments and did one.  They did not have the correct supplies the second time and I did not trust the technician, she had just been promoted from receptionist.  I went there for many treatments following that.  They were frequently out of product and once administered juvederm without numbing creme.  The tech, *name not given to protect her* said Kelly the office manager wouldn't buy the creme because it was too expensive. I left crying because it was so painful.  I had stopped going there and 2 years after the prepaid treatment purchase I am being billed over $4000.00 for 10 treatments ( I only did one treatment for 20 minutes)  They rushed me in after hard selling me on the treatments.  Beware if they can get you in right away.  They are scammers. DO NOT PRE PAY.  Do Not USE their services!!!    I was sent to collections with med Choice the Financers of Nu U Medspa and tried to work it out with the local office.  They couldn't figure it out and turned me over to customer service, SEAN HOFFMAN out of LAS VEGAS.  He would say he was looking into it and would call me or email me later.  I was the one who called and emailed  for over 4 months.  It is still not handled to my satisfaction. I refuse to use their services ever and dont want money back for myself,I want to give it to the Refund to MeD Choice.  The services were never done!!!!  Sean has given me the run around.  I posted on Insider Pages and he called and yelled at me that he did'nt own the stores.  I said he ran the stores.  He is listed as the Principal in the phoenix area.  He is also listed as a person involved in the Chicago area.  If you do not believe me go to the insider pages and see all of the complaints on he Chicago stores and they do mention his name as well.  The attorney General of Illinois has filed a lawsuit against them saying that They are providing unsafe, medically unsafe procedures.  They also say that they will pressure people to purchase packages and not refund the money if they do not use the services, I can witness to this one that it is the truth.  Better Business Bureau rating for Nu is F in Phoenix and Chicago.  Sean says it is because he is not registered with them.  Sean please read the complaints.  They are the reason you are rated F.All the Phoenix Stores from 2 years ago are closed:  Arrowhead: closed  Paradise Valley Mall: closed.  North Scottsdale: closed  South Scottsdale:  closed  Superstition mall:  Closed.  They now have 2 new stores 1 in Peoria and 1 new one in ScottsdaleBUYER BEWARE
1	I had severe Melasma (dark brown hormonal spots all over my face from post-pregnancies). I had tried everything with my dermatologist and learned that facial laser usually helped. I purchased 6 laser treatments and could hardly wait. After thousands of dollars and NO results, I can honestly say this place is useless. I was told they had to start the laser low to see how my skin would react. By the time we had the laser turned up to where it actually did anything, it was my last treatment!!! I feel like if they knew what they were doing we would have done a test spot or 1 treatment to test where the laser should be set at. My thought is that the last high level laser treatment got the results so they wanted me to buy more laser treatments to finish up the results. I went to the Arrowhead Nu U location and it has since closed (go figure) but I think they moved to another location, so don't waste your time with this place. Go to a dermatologist, get a good, trustworthy recommendation and stay away from this place.
