5	I was a little apprehensive due to the previous occupants at the space (Rock and Lobster, City Tavern, etc). However, I was very pleasntly surprised! The Deck has a fresh interior and a very original baja insprired seafood menu. The guacamole rivals Cantina, the fish was very fresh, and the service was perfect. For fans of Cabo Fish Taco, Cantina, and seafood lovers in general, do yourself a favor and check this place out. Once word gets out, this will be an East blvd staple.
5	Seriously, the BEST shrimp and grits i have ever had!  I was skeptical about this place b/c it had been some many things since City Tavern, but I had a coupon, so figured why not?  I was truly impressed with the entire menu (prices and all), the ambiance is fun and beachy and the service was excellent (& not bad to look at either).  I look forward to going back and trying many more menu items - i hear their fish tacos are $2.50 on Tuesdays :)I also had their blackberry mojito - delicious and on special for $6, but wouldn't dare pay the $9 regular price for it (too small).
4	I'm just going to throw it out there right away, I had modest expectations for The Deck. This Dilworth bar/restaurant has been renamed so many times in the past few years. However, I am happy to say that I'm a big fan of The Deck!Some friends and I strolled over to The Deck to grab a few drinks after dinner. Inside, it reminds me of a Charleston-style restaurant - very beach focused with a large bar and a smattering of tables. We were interested in actually sitting on the deck, at The Deck, so we rolled on upstairs and grabbed a table with a view of East Blvd. My review is solely based on their drinks, but I'm definitely interested in heading back for some nosh!The drink menu is really diverse and our friendly server mentioned that they do their best to use natural ingredients - they even make their own sour mix in house. The five of us ordered all different drinks - beer, wine, and I ordered the Deck margarita. The margarita was right on par for $9, it was fairly large and had pleeenty of salt on the rim. Mmm sodium.All of our drinks were tasty and priced moderately for the area. I definitely want to head back to The Deck for some drink specials, a bit of live music and to try their Strawberry Basil Lemonade!
3	Good atmosphere when you're up to on the deck. Not sure about the inside as I didn't venture inside. Good drink specials and an extensive menu. Had the wasabi tuna burrito, and what led me to order based on the description lacked in flavor. The "green wasabi" rice is very bland. There are s many other good things on the menu that I will be sure to return...I'll just pass on the burrito.
3	We utilized our little restaurant.com gift card this weekend at the Deck. We were able to get in right away on a Friday evening so that was  a plus. The decor was a beach bums dream - it was very cute and definitely had a comfortable laid-back vibe.The deck highlights one of my favorite drinks of all time: The Mojito! Torn between the Strawberry Basil and Blackberry we decided to split both. My date did not care for either but I enjoyed both! I came to The Deck one other time just for cocktails and I remember our server mentioning that their mixes are homemade- and it tasted that way!Next we decided to try the crab queso which came recommended. What a total let-down! The cheese was barely melted (we asked for it to be re-heated) and even still after it was so grotesquely thick we could barely dip a chip. The queso had NO ruminants of crab- and honestly was probably one of the worst (overly-salted- heart attack inducing) things Ive ever had the displeasure of eating. I wish I had opted for the guacamole instead as the people next to us had it and it looked great.For dinner my date had the fish taco's and I had the Neptune Roll. When asked how they compared to Cabo he said he enjoyed these better (but liked Cabos shrimp tacos better than both). He said he didn't like the rice and beans that came on the side either. My Neptune roll was pretty delicious but did not have much lobster or crab (very shrimp heavy) they also failed to fill the roll itself -so the bread was a main component-  I felt a little gypped. The red potato side dish tasted fine. We decided to skip dessert but were given salt water taffy in place of dinner mints! I loved this idea and it was definitely a cute little highlight of the meal and reinforced the beach theme. We also had fun guessing flavors. Overall I wasn't overly impressed with The Deck but id give it a second go!
3	Well I couldn't wait to try this place cause I'm a huge seafood gal.  I started the the jalepano margarita -good.  BBQ Butter oysters- good smokey taste but there were about the size of a lima bean or smaller. It was taco Tuesday night so I was able to try all 3 fish tacos.  I couldn't tell much difference between them actually and the slaw on them was pretty runny cause it kept running down my arm.  Not the best fish taco, but I think I'd give it another shot.  Waitress was very attentive also.
3	I went in to have the yummy shrimp & grits again, but they came out differently.  I asked the waiter and he said they changed chef's.  It wasn't as good as the first time, but still good.  Wish it still had the chunks of tasso ham rather than flecks of it - it looked more like spices than meat.  there were also some grits that were in chunks, so literally biting into it, i thought it was a shrimp - sadly it wasn't.  I dig their beer prices and the guacamole is good, but if you want it spicy, go with hot, the medium we ordered didn't have much kick.  I'll still go back, b/c there are some things I still want to try.
4	Grab your flip flops and mini etch-a-sketch at the door and put on your beach bum attitude.  This appropriately themed restaurant delivers on freshness and flavor.  The Blackened Mahi-Mahi tacos were perfectly seasoned & topped on a Mexican coleslaw.  Delicious!  The fresh cilantro lime rice mixed with black beans was a delightful mix of flavors I want to try at home.  As noted in previous posts the salt water taffy is a unique & creative way to top off the visit.   Two small critiques: the side of salsa did not stand up to the spicy seasoning on the Mahi & the corn tacos, even when double wrapped, easily fall apart.  There are week night specials as well.  I'll be headed back for the $2.50 taco Tuesday & $5 margarita.  My husband wants to go back for the Monday lobster roll special.  Once the weather cools or if you can brave the heat, the generous outdoor seating on the roof top patio beckons you back for more beach vacation nostalgia.
4	Dooode, dude, doooode, like dude, this place is sweeeeet, just like home, the beach - any beach. It's like, "dude, we're at the beach, but there isn't a beach, woooah"! Totally rad, dude I mean rad, beachy style like restaurant and bar. Like, seriously, no exxagerration-nation. I should have like totally taken off my shirt, put on my ray bans and sun blocked my nose and been like, "dude, chillin, stoked".Brah, since we're like soo chillin on the beach, what else to have but a Corona and like, dude, get ready....wait, wait........Fish tacos bro! So dude the fish tacos are like decent, but they're sooo kinda traditionally made like how I totally remember from that one Ensenada trip where I totally surfed the gnarliest 4.35ft wave ever. They were like fish nuggets though. That's just like weird. Fish, cabbage slaw and crema on a corn tortilla. Add a splash of lime and Bam! Keep it simple bro! The she crab, yes she crab soup is good but crab cakes are just okay. And dude, dooooood, like they totally have like a patio deck thing. A Patio! Like on top of the roof dude! Woah!
4	I checked out the Deck tonight and was happy I bought my Groupon for this place. I really liked the atmosphere and they had some awesome live entertainment. Any one man act that sings Sublime, Pink Floyd, DMB and the Beastie Boys is alright in my book. I could have just sat on the deck drinking mojitos and enjoying the atmosphere. The bartender was nice, knowledgeable and made a mean mojito and french martini. I got the Honey Wasabi Tuna Burrito and it was fresh and tasty. It was refreshing to get a fresh Mexican style dish instead of something fried and cheese ridden. It was flavorful but the flavor didn't overpower the fish at all. We got the chips and salsa but the salsa wasn't anything to write home about so I would skip on that next time. $5 Mojitos and $6 Martinis on Wednesday nights? See you soon The Deck!
3	I really wanted to be impressed by this place.  I wanted the food to be as advertised and reminiscent of food at seafood places and crabshacks in places like Charleston and Wrightsville Beach.  It did not come close to meeting that mark.First, the atmosphere is definitely as beachy as it can be a in a neighborhood like Dilworth.  The roof is a nice place to sit on a comfortable fall day.  The service was also very good from the almost completely female staff.We started out with she crab soup, a rarity inland.  It was more of a bisque with too much crabmeat and also a piece of a shell.  It was okay, but definitely not what I have gotten from any place at the beach - and I also have never had a shell in my she crab soup.The menu is also a little limited, although they have "chalkboard specials" such as flounder.  The seafood platters are severely lacking, and the menu seems to offer more of a southwest twist on seafood than anything else.  Homemade guacamole is not a staple of the beach.  The blackened mahi mahi tacos were ok, but the fish lacked seasoning and there was not enough of the fish.  The Mexican coleslaw was probably the highlight.  The beans and rice were okay but the beans tasted like they were from a can.  The coconut shrimp (an appetizer) were okay, but slightly over-fried.I  would patronize this place again if they made their menu look a little more like this:http://www.hymanseafood.com/files/file/Hymans_Seafood_Menu.pdfI know Hyman's is not the best seafood in Chucktown, but I am using the menu as an example.  A place just cannot advertise itself as seafood and a beach restaurant but highlight tacos and guac more than anything else and expect to survive - especially not in this revolving restaurant.
1	CLOSED !!!!  Soon to be Boardwalk Billys.
