3	I hate being the first person to review a restaurant when I have a below par experience, but here it goes...  the Vig is a very cool space.  If you are design-minded, you will be very exited to see how this non-descript brick shoebox has been transformed into a hip happening bar and restaurant.  The bar is dimly lit, lively and boasts a huge plasma for watching games.  It is the "anti-Postini" if you know what I mean, and it is just the neighborhood hang-out I have been searching for (not that I have anything against Postino, I go there all the time, the vibe here is just distinctly different). So, my review for the BAR ONLY is 4 stars.OK, now onto the hard part.  The food is bad.  The only redeeming quality is that it is also pretty cheap, so you can almost forgive the mis-step.  The Frenchie (french dip sandwich) could have been from Arbys.  The smoked salmon appetizer tasted like a concoction I could make at home - a slice of lox on a sliver of Safeway-quality french bread topped with a squirt of Thousand Island (not that I would ever subject myself to that at home). Very disappointing.  The grilled veggie plate was pretty good, but it was served with a bad vinaigrette that tasted suspiciously like bottled Italian salad dressing.  Food rating? 2 stars.  In sum, this place is a mixed bag.  It is a welcomed addition to the neighborhood and I will certainly be back for drinks, but I would go elsewhere for dinner.
1	This place takes everything that is lame about Scottsdale and wraps it into one neat little package in Phoenix.  I was so excited for a new bar in the hood, but then this showed up.  Bad food, plastic people, crappy music, too sterile.  Pretty poopy.
5	Self described as a "modern tavern", The Vig is a shining little sparkle of a bar in the middle of an otherwise unimpressive area. The space is open and comfortable, the atmosphere is upscale but casual, and the... oh, geez, I can't even think about the luxurious wood grains and summer-vacation-in-the-Hamptons furniture appointments, as I am overcome with an almost Pavlovian fixation with the fact that this place has Bocce ball as its main attraction. Pair almost any dated, archaic, or kitschy activity with alcohol and I'm pretty much useless to resistance, but Bocce pushes me almost to utter nirvana. There's no sign up sheet, and from the few times I've been here, perfect strangers are relatively eager to make Bocce alliances. If it's late enough, you may even be joined by the chef and owner, Doug, who encourages mischief on the court, including but not limited to: human obstacles, flagrant taunting, or ridiculous ball-launching methods. And the Vig's outstanding gin selection is a big sell. It almost feels like what the Merc Bar would be if it had a patio and didn't have over 10 years of spilled drinks and smoke damage. It's new, it's hot, and I hear the burgers aren't too shabby. I'm looking forward to checking out the dining menu, but until that happens, I'm left to encourage you to share in the unpretentious fun The Vig offers.
4	You had me at outdoor bocce court. Seriously. But, the basic hamburger is great, freshly ground beef, always tender and juicy. I dig the Vings. Any time I order a double Bombay Sapphire gin and tonic, it's tasty and refreshing. The waitstaff are always helpful and kind. The environment is retro cool. The back patio is relaxing and spontaneous at the same time. Bottles of wine are half price on Sundays. Good basic stuff. But, did I mention the bocce? Crazy, man, crazy.
3	This place is kinda out of place.  Wait, that didn't make sense.  The Vig is all kinds of incongruous.  Is that better?  The outside, a plain, wood-planked facade on a lightly-traveled street, doesn't match the inside, a sleekly designed bar & dining area.The inside, which looks straight out of scottsdale, doesn't match the more laid back neighborhood.The menu, an ambitious attempt at upscale bar food with a touch of fine dining, doesn't match the bar atmosphere.  I went for lunch and had their house special burger.  It really was tasty, and paired with a few options, including a plie of shoestring fries or sweet potato fries, but, again, the identity crisis pops up.  It also comes with a little salad.  Salad?  With a burger?  I'm eating a huge chunk of meat and deep-fried potatoes and NOW I'm gonna start eating healthy?  The Vig tries to be so many different things at once, that it never really owns any one thing.  The face it shows is all Scottsdale- posh with a hint of fake.  It really is an establishment in an identity crisis.
3	So I don't live in Phoenix so I can't really comment on the contrast between this place and some other ones.  Though I have been to Postino and I do like it there quite a bit (see my other review). The first time I went to this place was in mid-summer.  It was on 4th of July weekend and it wasn't too crowded, we sat outside under a mister which somewhat cooled the dreadful heat.  I had a good time, it wasn't crowded, the design is cool.The second time was this past weekend, probably the busiest time of the year, Thankgiving weekend.  The place was SUPER packed.  We got a table, right next to the door, which meant every time it opened or was held open I was freezing.  It just seemed like your typical go there to be seen type of thing.  I was wearing my clothes from the day, tee shirt, and jeans.  All the other girls there were wearing skimpy cocktail dresses!  The atmosphere that the architecture portrays is more laid pack and hang out, but the clientele gives me the feeling of snotty and rude.I've never eaten here and I've only seen someone else eat the grilled cheese.  I didn't think it looked too great, there was like an inch thick piece of bread on either side of 3 half melted pieces of cheddar.  The fries were very skinny and looked pretty good...of course I'll eat anything that may involve ketchup so I'm not sure that says much and I didn't actually try them.If I lived in Phoenix I most likely wouldn't be frequenting this place unless maybe it was an off night and I could just hang out in a sweatshirt.
1	It was alright. I was there with real good peeps so it made all the difference. Food was pretty good. Wings were grilled and kind of different. However, i MUST say they forgot Shrimp in my friends shrimp-something-pasta-special. I mean C'mon!!! We did get free desert out of this and of cuz they replaced his dish. My own Miso Salmon was not bad but i think rice it came with was super buttered up but tasted good. And all food came out blazing fast too. What i was really bummed about that my Mojito as basically lemony water. I sent it back 2x till 3rd one was ok, JUST OK. I did get charged 2x for this though and did not feel like making a scene being with friends and all. I did not come there for a crowd, but there we some girls in tight jeans there and some dudes, and some couples. I do not care much. What is unacceptable is that Bar/Tavern has watered down drinks. That is BAD! I mean B A D !!! I am not a picky person but this is BS, pardon my English. AND i ended up paying 2x for this water. Bleah, doubt i will be back.EDIT: I thought about it, compared to my other experiences i had at some other similar joints and i am bumping this one down a notch! Sorry The Vig, get your act together. Swanky decor aint cutting it.Eugene
3	I've been meaning to go to the Vig for ages.  i finally got to go on Friday, for a friend's birthday.  We ate elsewhere, then headed over to The Vig for drinks.  It's a beautiful place; atmosphere-wise it's got a great date ambiance.  It was close to 10 when we got there, so it was already pretty crowded, but we headed to the patio that was fairly empty due to the cold.  It's even more lovely outside.  We huddled around a heater, and I was really absurdly impressed when a waitress came around and offered us blankets.  Very soft, puffy, lovey blankets that I wanted to steal.   Our waitress was pretty rude, though, and had an "I'm way too cool for you" attitude.  I typically don't blame the establishment for that, unless it's ongoing and constant every time I go.   So since it's my first visit, I won't take a star away just yet.I had been told they had a wicked chocolate martini, so I ordered that.  It was frankly pretty grody.  But that's just a matter of personal taste, and I just won't order it again.  The problem?  The crowd was soooo not my crowd.  It was all the shiny people from Scottsdale.  I really, really wanted to like it.  I still do.  I will give it a couple more tries, and I am curious how the food is.  For a night out drinking, final destination-type place?  I'm just not feeling it.  But I bet it's ideal for a lazy day of day-drinking on the patio, once we get our lovely early spring weather.
5	So, the Vig and I are unlikely friends ... but we get along real nicely despite our glaring differences.It has the facade of an old Motor Inn Lodge, found somewhere deep in the Midwest, complimented by a spacious sun patio and a bocce court.  Yet it has the modern opulence you would expect in Arcadia.  When the Vig combines the two, you get dap cocktails and wine in the most comfortable and inviting surroundings. In my opinion, the Vig is the best place in the Valley to day drink, especially on a lazy Sunday when you can sit up on the bar, feast on their Posole, drink Mechiladas (which they will make upon request), and venture out into the warm sun after working up a chill in their cavernous interior.  They also have half-price wine on Sundays.I also must mention that their staff is probably the most friendly group of people out of any bar I've been in around the valley.
3	I'll agree with those who find this place to be too fancy in the pantsy. It's that slick, shiny, uber-hip sort of setting where people who have shit which does not stink go to be seen having a drink. I'm going to have to disagree though with people claiming it's "Scottsdale" in Phoenix... strongly.I'm sorry, but new tacky money originated in Phoenix. Just drive around the Biltmore and have a look at some of the houses that haven't been remodeled in 30 years... you can do the same in West Paradise Valley. And Phoenix continues to house many of the young financially elite in places like Arcadia and in the areas where the restored classic homes of the old arts district downtown meets up with the new "Urban" and "Modern" blocky construction that's so in fashion these days... I'll admit that Scottsdale - especially North Scottsdale is home to some of the biggest douchefucks and plastics around, but I'm tired of people (even I'm guilty of this) calling Scottsdale out as the douche capital of the world. Personally, I find Phoenix snobs to be a bit more insufferable because they point fingers having no clue that when they point a finger there are 3 more pointed back at them and that they are what they claim to detest.There are plenty of douchey snobs with too much money, Affliction shirts and expensive jeans living all over the valley. They don't all come from Scottsdale - in fact, most of the Scottsdale douches hang out in North Scottsdale and don't even go to places like The Vig. No, the Vig is full of Phoenix douchebags and plastics when it is full... When it isn't full, I still don't like it. I had a simple grilled cheese there and it was awful. I guess wealthy people see eating as an opportunity to work hard. This sandwich was difficult to chew - a grilled cheese. What the hell is up with that? I also felt very uncomfortable eating here - the atmosphere simply wasn't very inviting. The place was pretty much empty on this occasion and wandering around outside and in, looking at all the available seating - none of it spoke to me asking me to take a load off.Everything here looks pretty spiffy though - even if a bit pretentious. I can't say I'd ever make this joint a regular hangout of mine and to be quite honest, I regularly turn it down when it's suggested in favor of something less snobby and more comfortable. So - customer base aside, I give this place 3 marks. It's just not my style. It's nice though and if you like it, you'll be right at home with the people who go here.
5	Alright, it takes a lot for me to give a joint 5 stars, but bravo Vig, you did it.  The place is classy, chic and cozy- something you would imagine in a more posh neighborhood, however its just a neighborhood lounge. Plasmas with all the games, attentive bartenders, a cool crowd, lounge-y music, great fire pits and a nice back patio (my only concern is when its 5000 degrees outside in the summer, what happens?) Another bonus to this place??? BOTCHI BALL (spelling?). I have never seen that in my life but it was quite entertaining.  What better than get drunk and then exercise under the stars?! Genius.Why this place is really a 5 star joint and not 4... the drinks. They are so cheap! I bought 3 rounds- beers, premium top shelf drinks and the tab was only $35!!! Phoenix is the land of milk and honey of cheap prices!DO come to The Vig. It is awesome!BTW, kudos to the lady at the end of the bar wearing sunglasses all night. You reminded me of Chyna the wrastler. Talk about celebrity sighting... muhahaha.
5	I've been to The Vig a handful of times... for at least 4 lunches, a few times for just drinks / happy hour, and at least 2 dinners.  I think that is a fair amount of visits to justify the 4.5 star review rounded up to 5 stars that I am giving it now!I've always had friendly and attentive service, and I've never had a problem with the food or drinks I've ordered.  Granted, I've probably just ordered beer, iced tea, or water, but still :)I'm adding The Vig to my list of places to go for great sweet potato fries.  They also offer really yummy starters including the Vings (grilled wings), Grilled Veggie Platter, Hummus, and Ceviche.  At lunchtime, I recommend the Cobb salad although several friends of mine consistently order the Vig Azz Burger.  For dinner, I love their "Miso Hungry Salmon."  As mentioned in other reviews, their outdoor dining area and bocce court are just what Phoenix needs more of on a beautiful day or evening!  So much fun!If this beautiful weather continues, I'll be hanging out at The Vig again very soon!
5	This four star review is mostly for the staff:We came here for a goodbye party for one of our co-workers last week, it was raining and we ended up huddled at the bar by the bathrooms because it was so crowded. However, the rain let up a little bit and we decided to take a chance at sitting on the patio. The staff could not have been more accomodating, they set up the umbrellas so we wouldn't get wet if it started to sprinkle again, they encircled us with heatlamps, lit the fire and even passed out blankets!I don't have much to say about the food, both times I've been here I've been too tipsy to really remember if it was good or not. But I highly recommend sitting on the wonderful patio and having a glass of wine.
4	Just got back from The Vig (on a Wednesday night), and I must admit it was a damn good place.  First off, how can you not love a place with its own bocce ball court outside?  Second off, the menu is full of wonderful food selections, and it's really not that expensive (most items for under $10, including a damn good bacon cheeseburger).  Third off, three words:  sweet potato fries.  They were to die for.I sat outside on the patio, which was a great atmosphere with lots of people gathered around their tables or sitting on the couches in the "lounge" area just having a good time with those they were with.  A mix of couples, girls on a "girls night out" and groups of people there after work filled the place.  Slightly more of an upscale crowd that what I'm used to (could be expected since it boarders the Arcadia district), but it did not seem that pretentious.  Most people were still in jeans, a prerequisite for most places that I go.  A good mix of people made this great.  Indoors included a long bar and plenty of booths for seating, complete with 2 large flat-screens for watching the game.Full bar, good beer selection, a DJ that was spinning decent lounge-like tunes, and very attentive (and cute) staff.  Parking on the lot can be a bit difficult, since it is tiny and I think all valet, but there is plenty of parking across the street in the Bally's lot.  Pay attention to the signs, because on weekdays they might tow you if you are not parked in the right area.  Or you can avoid that all together and take advantage of their shuttle service on the weekends (call them for details).
4	The Vig is a beautiful bar with good food (as far as bar food goes).  I don't get caught up in the Scottsdale plastics or snobby labels that people love to stamp on others.  It has a great ambience no matter what part of town it is in.  The patio is breathtaking and yes I will return.
4	I don't have a broad perspective of this place because I only go their for lunch on Thursday's. That being said, I have been there for lunch over 30 times so I feel I have a good grasp of this place on that particular day of the week. But  I have heard that the nights are pretty fun and Sundays 1/2 price Vino is pretty stellar. The Vig is minimalist and modern which is clean and pleasing to my eye. The bar is nice and long and is (wo) manned by the Lovely Susan. She is one of the valley's classiest and most engaging barkeeps. Jimmy, the congenial owner, is typically shaking hands and verifying his patrons enjoyment.Valet parking and a limited number of private lot spots are available.There also seems to be a solid rotation of cute hostesses to greet you upon entry.The lunch menu is minimalist but pleasing, every item I have ordered has been satisfactory. It is a great place to watch afternoon golf or other sports at the bar. The patio and bocce ball court are lively and fun for happy hour in nice weather.The clientele is an equal ratio of male and female 25-60 year old professionals for lunch, I have been told that it gets a bit sexier when the sun goes down.
5	Visted The Vig yesterday for the first time.  I dined with a friend who is very fond of the place.  We were seated quickly, and our drinks were good.  I had chicken fingers from the kid's menu and she had a salad.  The food was good.  The place was nice...rather trendy.  Full of people as the Suns game was on.  Over all a great experience.  I'm sure I'll go back soon.
4	I'm such a sucker for a place like this. First of all, the aesthetic of the place basically mimics anything I would ask for style-wise. I love the oxidized steel and the sink in the women's bathroom...so great! Anyways, I really had a great time here. My partner and I went with another couple who recommended the spot. We got a little table right next to the Bocce Ball court which was fantastic.I had two long islands which were both perfect strength and exactly what I wanted after a long week. To eat I ordered a chicken salad (i can never remember the names of all these salads...they start to run together) and shared my partner's 1/2 and 1/2 (french fries and sweet potato fries...yum!). It was excellent. Not anything out of this world or new or anything like that...but still really good. I was perpetually impressed by the music selection too. We walked in to some old school MJ and then ended up hearing Feist (and actually something besides 1, 2, 3, 4...), and Esthero. So I was happy. I had a really great time here. The only bummer was that trash smell, but I just read in Jason's review that Filiberto's is to blame for that one. Sad. But they threw on some nag champa and covered that right up and we were good to go.So all in all, head to the Vig, sit outside, have a drink, play bocce ball and have fun!
4	I am giving my seal of approval to The Vig for a few simple, straightforward reasons:*$3.50 pints during Happy Hour*Decent selection of beer, including Stella and Pinstripe (mmm)*So-good-you-want-to-moan artichoke dip (which would be that much better if served with warm pita bread; not chips)*Cool decor with a spacious, modern outside patio*Friendly and attentive service*Beautiful and/or interesting people to watch*Fave candle and hand lotion in the ladies room*Attracts an array of patrons, like muscle-y tat guys, Euro intellects,  buxom beauties, network engineers and writers*Trivial Pursuit cards on each table - woohoo!A few negatives to note:*5-spiced edamama was totally meh; will never order this again*Sweet potato fries were served with regular ketchup - bleh*Has a somewhat chaotic/disorganized feel, inside and out*Smoking is permitted on the outside patio*If you don't valet, you must part across the street*Could use a couple more beers on tap!All in all, a very nice place to grab HH after a hard day's work. During HH the apps are 1/2 off, which allows you to order a couple to share and sample. Between my friend and I, we each had 2 beers and shared 3 apps, totaling only $30. Not bad when you split the cost. Plus, our server was a genuine and friendly gal, as was the stunning hostess who greeted us the moment we walked through the door.
3	There's this love/hate thing I have with The Vig...First of all, I love the environment. They've done a great job of turning the old Wrong Number Lounge (yes, that was it's real name. You HAVE to love that.) into an uber-trendy hot spot, complete with an awesome outdoor fireplace and great drinks. It's a great, great spot to take out of towners and sit outside during our beautiful Arizona winter. BUT, it's bordering on Scottsdale/frat boy/cougar-land. Invading my beloved Arcadia. I can deal with that.It's the food that's the problem.The minced up chicken sandwich, in particular. (Not sure what else to call it.)I asked the waiter if I could get it without the these days prerequisite pears included, which in my imagination, were sliced on top of it or something. His response? "No. It's all kind of ground up together in the chicken."Ground up, indeed. The sandwich came and it was this chicken pieces, press board kind of filling. It was really dang gross and reminded me of a scene from Sweeney Todd. I'm REALLY easy-going about food and it was the worst sandwich I've ever had. I kept thinking about it later and throwing up a little bit in my mouth.Having said that, I do keep going back. Even though I'm going to die crossing 40th Street one day. Just stay away from that chicken sandwich. Weird, man.
4	Good ambiance and apetizers.  Service is meh...but the outdoor patio is cool
5	I really dug The Vig.  Love the outdoor patio, complete with lounges and a fireplace.  Had a salad and some wings, both good.  Next time I'm in Phoenix, I'll def be back.
4	The Vig was great!  We ordered the following-Apps:Chips and Guac-- YUM, good chipsSweet Potato Fries-- good but not greatSpinach Dip- v. goodVig-azz burger-- it was big and it was good.  Pasta Special-- delishCheesecake-- excellentThe parking was a bit nightmarish but whatever, I am downtown a lot so I am used to it by now.  It's valet ($3) or you have to park across the street on the west side of the Checks Cashed joint. Lots of cocktails-- everyone seemed to enjoy them all.  We were a group of 5 and the booth was perfect.  The setting was chill, just a really good experience.  I am looking forward to my next night out at The Vig!
3	This place makes me laugh, its not a bad joint, but its kinda cheesed out, they claim its a "modern tavern" (who does that) I guess because they have exposed brick walls and green light up shit outside, but as far as food and drinks its not so modern or stylish, boring is the best word to describe it. The outside is great, I mean bocce ball wasted at 1:37 on saturday is awesomely dangerous, and they have this vig rigg which will take you home for free (so so def) anyway go for some drinks and throw heavy balls at smaller white ones you'll have a good time. Oh yeah i think on sundays they have half off all bottle of wines, so go get krunk and make out with some peeps.
5	So, I now frequent The Vig.  If you go, talk to Jason, the bartender.  He's quick with the beverages and funny.  Enjoy yourself.  You deserve it!  This place can get packed during dinner hour, though.
5	This place is awesome. I really REALLY love everything about it. It's got a cool, kinda trendy but mellow vibe.  The low lit bar/indoor dining area is very stylish and definitely reminds you of  something in L.A or Scottsdale. The outdoor dining area is AWESOME-nicely lit and VERY cozy feeling. And though there were people dining outside, it was a little too warm in my opinion. Like I said, this place has a Scottsdale feel complete with all the beauitful people. Definitely more upscale clientele, but it's very casual. I was able to sneak away just as well-dressed cougar was starting to stalk me.I had a burger which was really good. The menu is a little limited, but there is a good selection of appetizers, salads sandwiches as well as some steak, chicken and pasta entrees. Everything is reasonably priced as are the drinks. This place is not cheap, but the quality of the food and drinks make for  good value in my opinion. The prices definitely do not reflect the atmosphere, as you'd certainly expect more expensive drinks and food when you first walk in and see the place.All that  being said, the parking situation SUCKS and it's in a slightly dodgy area (there's a cheap Mexican drive-thru on one side of it, and residences on the other side. Across the street (where you have to park if you don't want to do valet) is a drive thru liquor store and a check-chasing place. You have to park north of the check-cashing place if you don't want to be towed.  But DON'T let any of this deter you from checking this place out. It's one of my favorite places in Phoenix and I'm so glad I checked it out. This is one of those places to bring out of town friends and family-it will impress the hell out of them (once they get past the neighborhood)
2	I got dragged here for a work outing by my co-workers, who think very highly of their bar and restaurant choices in general. Like, verging on snotty. That should have been my first red flag. Learning that we would be sitting outside in the dead of the Phoenix summer was the next. Who wants to sit outside sweating their ass off, trying to make chit-chat with the boss' husband? No, thank you.Now, mind you, I am much more of a Bikini girl. PBR in a plastic pitcher is okey dokey dandy. Once in a while, I like to get dressed up and go suck down $12 martinis. That's cool. The Vig is in no-man's-land. A crappy part of town, on the fringes of the ghetto, with pricey drinks and food and a strange see-and-be-seen atmosphere that really belongs in Old Town. It doesn't vibe with the whole having to park my car across the street next to the check cashing place, hoping I don't get a ticket experience. The decor? OK. Nothing to write home about. Again, $12 martinis and heels are fine if the place is smokin. The Vig is not. It's not even really smoldering, despite the too cool for you attitudes of the staff.No, thank you!
4	Went to the Vig for after dinner drinks the other night and I had a really good time. We stopped in probably around 9:00 and were given a booth immediately. I was thrilled to see we were hitting happy hour so all the martinis were $5 a piece (awesome). Now I have not had the food here but the atmosphere was great. There was a nice mellow DJ accompanied by a trombone player and it really set a nice vibe. The couches out on the patio were spacious and comfy and I could picture myself spending a few relaxing evenings here with friends when the weather gets cooler. Granted it is a slight cheesy atmosphere with the cougars and all but what bars aren't (and I would prefer watching cougars than drunk college jocks any day). The drinks were cheap the music was great. People complain about the valet, but you can park across the street and save yourself the $5 bucks. I think I'll check it out for dinner tonight the wings and burger seem to get great reviews.
2	Ok...you'd think by all the hype about this place it would be good.  Eh...not so much.   If you're looking to drink...this place rocks.  If your looking to eat..STAY AWAY.  The food here is half-rate at best.  They bar and physical building is pretty cool and hip.  But, if I want to go to a bar, there are so many other places to go.  If they got their menu and kitchen staff up to par, this COULD be an excellent place.  PLEASE FIRE YOUR CHEF and get a new menu ASAP!!!
2	I've been to the Vig several times, usually always at night. I'm giving it 3 stars, because I keep going back for the strawberry bbq wings, but as far as service goes this place is hysterical. The staff arn't rude they're just missing. We came in about 40 min before closing time one night and were completely ignored by every waiter who walked by, We ended up repeatedly walking to the bar for drinks and to inquire about our food, bc no one would wait on us. My favorite experience was when a fellow co-worker and I went to buy a bottle of wine at 11:45 on a Sunday night. We thought they closed at 2am (which is posted on the door). The waitress allowed us to buy the bottle of wine, corked it, poured us glasses, and then told us they were closing at 12 because they were slow!? Who does that?! She then brought me the check and told me I could take it with me?! Another time I opted to buy the Vig Rig guy a drink on my tab as my tip and discovered he had put 15$ drink on my tab. Yeah, that one's my fault, but I still think it was super tacky and unprofessional. So yeah, good wings, good late night menu, but the kind of service that is actually funny-bad.
4	Nice.    I was thinking about writing a big long rant about how trendy/yuppy everyone at this place seemed to be but I thought "hey wait a second, I'm here too".Great food, great drinks, maybe just a bit pricey.  For a Wednesday night this place was packed.  Wonderful outdoor patio.Good thing you can park across the street so that way they can't see that you don't drive a Beemer and spit in your food.  There must be some sort of shuttle bus from North Scottsdale to this place every hour or something, or how else could you explain where all these beautiful people came from.
3	I've been here a couple of times. The first time I came for dinner with a friend. I don't recommend the five spice edamame. It's just weird. I don't like cinnamon on my edamame. The hot chick sandwich is pretty good as well as the fries. Our server very accomodating.  The second time I sat at the bar. The bartender was super friendly and made great drinks for me and my sis. The Vig has a cool vibe. I'll be back...
3	Ahhhh man, I really wanted to like this place more than I did. I guess I would really give it a 3.5 versus a 3... but we all know there are no half points here.. As everyone else already mentioned, the parking in front of the rest/bar is all valet, so I just parked across the street behind the payday loan place (NO ON PROP 200!!). I met up with a friend and we got a table at about 730 immediately, and I never really saw it get overly packed. Because I am feeling lazy I'm going to just list out some pros and cons versus my standard paragraphs. Pro's... The artichoke dip. Amazing. The tortellini with Alfredo sauce. The best part, by far! The decor. The cute waiter. The people were friendly. It was not as 'Scottsdale' as I was expecting Con's... It was loud. We had a table near the bar and at times it was real hard to have a conversation. There was a plasma screen playing college football.. not really a fit and I found it quite distracting The booths are significantly lower than the table, so short people have a hard time reaching the table unless they sit on their feet. Or a phone book. Someone was smoking outside and within ten seconds my allergies kicked in. Luckily it was at the end of the meal and time to go. There were MANY dudes with V-neck T-shirts which I do not find flattering, in the least. Overall I had a nice time and really enjoyed the food, but there were a few little things preventing it from being a really great place.
1	Awful!  First, let me start by saying, I have waited nearly a week to cool down and write this.  In addition, I have worked in the restaurant industry for over six years.  I have cocktailed, managed, waited in fine dining and bartended.  This place is totally overrated, they need to shut down, hire new staff, and start over.  I went here last Friday night with some girlfriends for my birthday.  From the minute I walked in, I knew it was going to be a bad experience.  My party had already arrived and been sat, but I didn't know where and no thanks to the retarded hostesses that failed to greet me, took me 10 minutes just to find my party in the giant mess.  The place was WAY too crowded, the staff couldn't even get around and their sections were clearly too big for them. Once I found my friends on the patio, which is lovely, it took another 10 minutes for a waitress to greet us, and then another 10 for her to come back and take our drink order.  She then arrived with an appetizer my friends had ordered previous to my arrival but failed to bring silverware or plates.  Well, the spinach dip looked good, not sure how it tasted because by the time she remembered, it was cold.  After this it took another good 15 minutes just to order dinner and I figured I better get a drink in while I had the chance.  Food arrived, by now we actually had eating utensils.  The food was OK, nothing spectacular.  I had the shrimp appetizer and hummus, friends had the chicken sandwich, sweet potatoe fries and a cheese quesadilla (not many veggie options), oh and they charged her $9 for it.  The food was nothing to write home about.  After our meal was finished was when things got really bad.  A woman came up and asked for one of our chairs, we told her someone was sitting there, and her response was, "I just don't understand where all of our f-ing chairs went".  My immediate reaction was 1) you work here? 2) did you really just talk to a guest that way? and 3) I don't give a rats @$$ where your chairs are, stop interupting my birthday dinner and move along, that is not a problem for us to solve.  She started to step away, look around, and then had the audacity to return to the table, demand the chair from us and continue to argue with me.  I told her that my friend was in the restroom, she was still sitting there, which should have been evident by the fact that her dirty plate (along with all of ours) was still on the table, and her purse was in the chair and I demanded to speak to a manager.  Needless to say, she went away in a huff.  At this point we decided it was time to leave.  Waited another 10-15 minutes for the check, only to have a birthday brownie and candle arrive as I was standing up to leave.  Where was that 20 minutes ago when we were finished with dinner?  Oh, and by the way, bad waitress, you took all of my silverware away.  At this point I told the waitress about all of the issues, the manager never did appear, maybe they don't have one, it sure would explain a lot.  She did offer to comp one of our appetizers, but at this point I didn't care, she had already charged us our bill!  To top it all off, as I was leaving, the hostess and wine steward/manager/not sure but he was in a suit, were having a playful little fight in which they were slapping each others butts and bending over....great first impression, and last might I add, in the entry way.  After the girl almost slapped me I politely excused myself and walked around her to exit the place, NEVER to come back.  There are so many better places in the valley to go: Postino, Chelsea's, Radio Milano, Portlands, Barrio Cafe, La Grande Orange, Houston's, Merc Bar, Zen 32, Tarbell's, City Hall, Rokerji, Phoenix City Grill, Sierra Bonita, etc., all within a few miles, why would I bother coming to this yuppie place ever again?  Needless to say, the service was HORRIBLE and the food wasn't good enough to make up for it.  Oh, and the people that go here: I might as well stay up in North Scottsdale, it's the same yuppie, "I'm so important"/30K millionaire crowd that has taken over what used to be the great city of Scottsdale.  It's sad, I really wanted to like this place and it has the potential to be fabulous...if they just start over.Don't waste your time or your money.
4	Dear Vig Hater,If you don't like going to places with snobby, "Scottsdale" patrons, don't pick a restaurant/bar that looks trendy, has trendy menu descriptions, and describes itself as a "modern tavern." If you want something more laidback, find yourself a local spot with a more casual feel and leave the Vig alone!ChristineDear Christine,It's definitely possible that a trendy place draws a crowd who either is or considers themselves trendy, but I have another problem with the Vig: it's in a sketchy neighborhood! I don't feel comfortable coming here at night or parking next to the check cashing place. Vig HaterDear Vig Hater, The area around the Vig borders Arcadia, considered one of the nicest neighborhoods in Phoenix. I wonder where you live that you consider this area "ghetto." If you have an aversion to check cashing joints and Circle Ks, I strongly suggest you never make the field trip to Pizza A Metro.ChristineDear Christine,But isn't the food at the Vig not that great?Vig HaterDear Vig Hater,There, I'm going to have to meet you in the middle. My veggie sandwich (called "The Vigan") with a side of sweet potato fries was really well-prepared, but I can see some of the other dishes being more amusingly-named than well-executed. Since this place is only two minutes from my office, I plan to go back for happy hour or dinner. I will definitely update when I do. ChristineTO BE CONTINUED...
4	Outside-Bricks walls with no attitude Inside: dark wood, earth tone colors, a patio with a tree in the middle (with lights in it), a fireplace where you can gather with some friends, cozy seating and trivia game cards on the tables in case you want to play.You step into this place and you feel a good vibe. I have been here three times and have loved every experience. The food is fantastic, not big portions but is good for my diet ;)If you want to try something different, I would recommend the nachos that come with fries (hashbrown like) that are super yummy! not good for the diet...I always order their 'baller maritni' , it holds the perfect touch of orange and pineapple flavors along with a cherry at the bottom.. yum!Now I'm thirsty.
5	Dear Vig Hater,I went back to The Vig for happy hour a few weeks ago, and I'm going to have to officially declare my disagreement with you. Even thought it was ridiculously crowded (and we had to wait for a seat on the patio at a mere 5 p.m.!), I thought the happy hour scene was dynamic and exciting; people were having a lot of fun, and the whole place felt alive. Plus, the well drinks were really cheap and the duck & mushroom quesadilla I had was really well-executed and satisfying. I would return here for lunch or happy hour in a second, and that my friend, makes for a five-star experience. Christine
3	Went here for happy hour on Friday a bit ago. The Vig looks unassuming from the outside (in fact, it is easy to miss from the street), but the inside is cozy and modern. I was with a large group and we enjoyed a patio table and the bocce courts. My friends and I mainly had wine and beer, but the menus for both had a nice selection. The big drawback for me, though, was the service. Our waitress was completely overwhelmed and was rarely sited. We wanted to order food but we were never quite able to track her down again. While the food is supposed to be good here, we were never able to find out.Still, the outdoor patio is charming and the bocce court is a nice touch. Will most likely come back, but I do wish they could better coordinate service.
4	I've visited twice now and have yet to eat...hey I'd rather drink my dinner.  I come from smallis Spokane Wash and this place reminds me of Spokane or Seattle.  I'm a fan of the patio, they've even hung Christmas ornaments from the trees.  Hey, I'm a chick who appreciates little touches that makes the place a bit  festive.  The service both times has been a little slow, but always friendly.  The Washington Apple shots we had were made to perfection and this is a Wash girl talking here.  We parked across the street and I found it hilarious that a 17 year old boy was guarding the lot from VIG patrons- ha!  Will return to the VIG soon for certain!
2	Went here for lunch the other day, and was dissapointed. The atmosphere and patio were great and so was the service. Reminded my of a Chelsea's/Postino type of place and had the same clientle. The only proble was the food. I had the "hot chick" with onion rings. For a $12 sandwich, it lacked chicken, flavor and came with soggy bread and soggy onion rings. How hard is it to make onion rings? thinking of them almost makes me sick. However, i would go back, possibly for drinks and appetizers. Who knows, maybe they were just off that day. I guess i just had higher expectations. And why the need for Valet here? it seems crazy.
4	This is definitely a place to hang out, people watch, and throw back a few cocktails.  They've done a remarkable job with the outdoor dining/bar/bocce ball area.  You almost forget that on the other side of the fence is a stripmall/parking lot asphalt wasteland.  The food here is decent and reasonably priced american fare though I haven't had anything that's blown me away.
4	I like this place more for the drinks and atmosphere than the food, though i know they have gone through lots of effort to improve the menu.  I am undoubtedly a fan and stop in whenever i'm in town!
4	The vig is pretty cool. I like the dj's and the bocchi ball. The waitresses are kind of stupid though, and the bartenders don't know shit about mixology. It's okay though. I love the food.
4	I love the VIG!  Situated in a part of town where you wouldn't necessarily think a cool, hip little bar would be found, but sure enough it's there.They have a decent selection of beers, both bottles and on tap.  They have Stella so they automatically win me over in the beer department.  Other drinks I have had have been very drinkable.Their food is not half bad either.  On the last trip I had the spinach-artichoke dip.  Wasn't too bad, but not impressive either.  Prior to that I had the carne asada on top of a potato latka.  Wow!  It was good.  i was mad at the Vig for a little because they got rid of the pork nachos, but have since forgiven them.The atmosphere either inside or out on the patio is always great.  It can get loud, but its not church, right?  They have a suitable amount of heaters and fires going for colder nights and almost always enough seating.  I had never played bocce ball before coming here and had a blast playing slightly (read: VERY) flavored.  I also enjoy the Trivial Pursuit questions on the tables.  It allows me to actually use all of the useless information stored in my head.Overall a cool place where it doesn't matter what you're wearing or who you are seen with.
5	We went here for dinner last night (Saturday). Awesome experience all around!Everything from the valet parking ($3), to the inside decor and bar, and the incredible outdoor patio (where we ate) was perfect. The outdoor patio has an awesome fireplace and a boccie court! Great seating arrangements for dining or drinking.The menu is very low key and affordable, mostly consisting of salads and sandwiches. We started with the hummus plate for an appetizer - it was served with two kinds of hummus and chopped cucumber and tomato. My Pastrami on Pumpernickel with coleslaw was yummy, and her chopped chicken salad / wrap combo hit the spot.The cocktails looked great and the crowd is amazing.
4	I gotta say, the difference between The Vig on a chill night and The Vig on a packed night is, well, night and day.  They'd might as well call it The Zoo on your average Fri-Sat-Sun.First, on a packed night you have to run The Gauntlet to get from the front door to the back patio.  It's about five feet wide from bar to booth, and reeks of Hidden Fantasy.  I have never before had to contort my elbows and shoulders in so many ways to avoid brushing up on fake titty.Relief hits you when you make it back outdoors.  To the romantic patio, with its fireplace, cozy chairs and christmas-lit desert trees, that brings out the worst in every horned up yuppie jackass.  I've never seen so many horrified young women pulled into laps on couches before.  Maybe the half-priced wine all day has something to do with it, but by 8pm Sunday that patio reminds me of the reptilian scene from Fear and Loathing.But damn if the place ain't great on a normal night.  I've brought dozens of friends here from out of town and they leave thinking Phoenix is actually a town chock full of swank bars with hip decors.  The food's pretty good when they have time to get it right, too.  Staff's great.  Just catch em on a slow night.
4	I dig the Vig. Good food and a great atmosphere/patio. If you like Bocce Ball, then you should definitely check it out, but go soon before it starts to warm up again and be sure to take the Vig Rig home if you're blasted.
4	I am another one to dig the vig...  the gf and I decided for a night out, being so close and hearing about this place we decided to make a night of it. We didn't get anything to eat there, just a few drinks. I really liked the whole atmosphere and in/out design. Having Stella on tap was a HUGE plus in my book...  great selection and even has a bit of a wine selection. Bartender made my ladies' Madras (?!?) pretty tasty... so all in all this place is definately a place where i tend to come back to
5	The Vig has DEFINITELY become one of my very favorite spots, so I am doing an update. You absolutely have to sit out on the patio for the best experience! Especially this time of year (early spring). Try the artichoke dip and the Alfredo tortellini with a glass of the Kung Fu Girl Riesling. I'm serious. If you don't, you are making the worst mistake of your life! The service is always friendly and pretty quick. Pam, the manager, is normally bopping around making sure everything is running smooth. I don't mind walking across the street to park, and it is super cool that they have The Vig Rig ... a free van that will pick you up AND take you home, all for a tip! I have never taken the Rig, but I keep the card handy in my wallet should I ever have an insatiable need to visit the Vig once I am already imbibed. Or without vehicle. Also, it is worth a trip to the bathrooms. They are really cool and smell so great!
4	When Jared suggested The Vig as a dinner option tonight, I jumped on it... I hadn't been there in ages and on a night like tonight with perfect weather, who wants to eat inside?  Not us!So we headed over there... and enjoyed another positive experience - for just $30 too!  Actually, it was $35 with Valet parking (my pet peeve).  We were seated outside right away and service was attentive... I was disappointed to see that the menu changed and my old standby favorite salmon entree was no more.  I decided to try the new salmon entree despite a totally different preparation (it went from teriyaki to a spicy achiote pepper rubbed grilled version).  It was ok - not great, but the side of corn cake it came with was uhmazing.  Jared had a grouper special that was tasty as well.  We used our will power and did not order the sweet potato fries tonight, but I am still kind of wishing we did!After dinner, we played a quick couple games of bocce ball - beware, there is a kitty cat that hangs out on the 'court.'  We mistook it for an injured rabbit for a moment, but were happy to see it was just resting!  I'm sure we won't wait so long to return to The Vig again soon!
5	what a cool place to hang with friends.      i LOVE the vibe.      indoors or outdoors, this is the kind of place i enjoy spending time.     i have had both lunch and dinner and the food has been tasty & savory.  (great sweet potato fries)the staff has always been friendly, quirky, & efficient....bloody marys on sunday mornings are a good call and there is often jazz on sunday afternoons.
4	I love the Vig.  Good ole dependable Vig.Great patio, kick ass happy hour specials, and bocce ball.  What more could you really ask for?  That's right, Stella on tap, and yes, they have that too.I've heard their whole menu is good, but since I cannot get past their Trifecta (sliders) or their Chicken Fingers, I cannot comment.  But man oh man are the sliders and fingers bomb.I can't quite put my finger on it, but there's something very relaxing about the Vig for me.  Maybe it's their trumpet player that's there on Tuesday and Wednesday nights who's playing is intoxicating by the way.  Or maybe it's knowing that I can drink until I can no longer see and George and the Vig Rig will make sure I get home safely free of charge, just a kick ass service that the Vig provides (tips always appreciated of course.)The only thing keeping this from being a 5 star place for me is the simple fact that their cocktails are priced a bit higher than reasonable.  If I'm paying $8 for a Ketel soda, I expect it to be tall and poured with a heavy hand, which these I'm sad to report are not.I will however continue being a faithful patron of the Vig for all the reasons listed above, and you should too.
4	This is a pretty chill place if you want to grab a few drinks with your friends and relax.  The place has a really good vibe to it.  I heard some good things about it so I figured I would give it a try for dinner.We went on a Monday night at about 7:30ish and it was not very crowded.  We sat at a booth inside because it was still a bit cool outside.  The patio is nice with lots of seating and I would like to come back and relax outside with a few drinks in the future.For an appetizer we initially ordered their grilled hot wings, but it turns out they are fried for some reason before they are grilled.  I don't understand why they say "grilled" when they are grilled AND fried.  Anyway, the other 2 members of my party don't do fried foods so we didn't order them.  Other patrons at another table had them and they did look good tho.We ordered our meals and a side of their sweet potato fries to share.  I forgot to say we wanted them with our meals so they brought them out before (I still don't understand why people in Arizona like having a side of fries before their meals...).  We told them to please take the fries back because we wanted them with our meals.  Our waitress looked at us funny then took them back.  We waited another 10 minutes for our salad to arrive but ended up asking our waitress about it because we were getting hungry.  She got confused again and thought that we told her to serve our salad with our main courses (and the fries).  5 minutes later we had our meals with the fries AND our salad.I ordered the Carne Asada on a Potato Pancake.  It was very unique and very good.  I would definitely order it again.  I also tried the grilled salmon which was also very very good.  The sweet potato fries were ok and the dipping sauce they served with them was just weird.  The Caesar salad was also just ok.The portion sizes were good as was the quality of the food.  The prices I thought were a bit high for what you get, but it wasn't too bad.  For 3 of us to eat it was about $80 without alcohol.  I think I would come back when I am in the mood to shoot the breeze for a few hours, have 4 or 5 drinks and try some interesting food.  I hear they have a pretty good happy hour so that would be interesting to check out.
5	I had to give an update to my favorite bar.  It is now 5 stars!  Why you ask?  Well, I spent the better part of Sunday, my last day of a long vacation, here and it couldn't have been more enjoyable.  A day drink was suggested and the Vig was the place to be apparently.  The place was packed inside and out.  Not a seat to be had outside.  There was a cool band playing cover songs.  The specials on Sunday are pretty sweet as well.  $3 Peronis, Margs, and half off bottles of wine.  Which if you don't finish your wine, they give you a nice little brown baggie to take it home in.  Ahhhh, the VIG.
4	The Vig is a great place to meet up for a drink. I haven't found too many other places that serve Hoegaarden (my favorite beer). The atmosphere is one of the best I've seen in Phoenix, and the food is pretty good as well. I'd recommend the "Big Azz Burger" or the "Hot Vings"!
4	I went on this past weekend for a bit of "Sunday Funday"  and we had a blast!  It was crowded, the band was fantastic, and oh did I mention that 1/2 bottles of wine on Sunday's!  Scott was our server and he took good care of us....The band (I do not have their name) plays every Sunday ...They are a cover band and they are great.  The crowd was eclectic!  It was my first time to The Vig and I am sure I will be back.  Oh and there is a Bocce Ball court (with artificial turf ...not good) Anyone up for a game or two?
4	Okay Pro: the atmosphere on any spring sunday on the patio makes it worth five stars all by itself.Con: can't I get a well drink special on said sundays?Pro: half off all bottles of wine though!  even my favorite, sonoma cutrer.Con: the manager (who was named after a cooking spray, no more info than that for you) doesn't appreciate drunk stupidity.  I know this, because she doesn't appreciate me when I'm drunk and stupid--according to sources--and i am the very epitome of drunk stupidity.  Now, wouldn't you, if you were a bar manager, realize that the very life blood of your business is drunk ppl making bad decisions?  Come ON people?Sorry about the aside.  Pro: the quesadilla they have is goddamn good--it even has shrooms in it which I ordinarily avoid.  But solid food, drink, and atmosphere give this place 5 stars for me.  With a 1 star deduction:)
4	Super fun place to hang out and have dinner, I've always liked the food.  Definitely get the egg on your burger.  Definitely.
5	If it is Sunday, I am at The Vig.I love Sunday at The Vig so much that I made my family come for Easter dinner.I can get a bottle of my favorite wine (Kung Fu Girl Riesling) for $15 and sit there drinking it all day on the patio whilst listening to covers of songs that my band also covers, except they sound so much better when 1) I'm drunk and 2) The Daelins are playing them.My only beef is that some of the douchettes that come got my squirt guns taken away. Next time I will just dump water on your head and you will shrivel up like the Wicked Witch of the West. Also, The Vig is singlehandledly going to fill up my new website: www.uradoosh.com
4	I like the Vig.  I am probably there more than any other place I've reviewed so far but I haven't given it a review yet because my experiences have been a little... schizophrenic. Some days it's awesome, the people are chill, the atmosphere is friendly.  Some days (especially Sundays) it's an absolute shitstorm, I literally get claustrophobic. The Sunday specials are amazing (though i think instead of calling it "half price bottles" they should just call it like it is: You get twice as drunk for the same amount of money) but it's getting to a point where if you're not there by 11 AM, you're not getting a table.  I like day drinking as much as then next person, but I wouldn't actually set an alarm to do it (unless football is involved).I'm probably at the Vig at least once a week.  Why no 5 stars?  I mean , I clearly like it enough to go there as often as I do laundry (ok...more often), why the missing star?  Like I said: I LIKE the Vig. However, the reason I'm there so much doesn't have much to do with my tastes as it has to do with the fact that I literally live about an 8 minute walk away.  Six if I power-walk.  Someone could open a bar called "Screw Your Mother" in a shed next door to a whorehouse, and if I was able to get there quickly, and drink without risk of a DUI on the way home, I'd probably be there a lot also.  That said, I'm grateful that I can just go to the Vig instead.
4	Just had lunch at The Vig this afternoon and since I was with the local Arizona Yelp gal Gabi I thought I would start yelping again. This was my second visit to the Vig and I have gotten the same thing both tines. Hummus, edamae and artichoke dip and all three are just great. The spices on the edamae makes them so much better than just regular salt, the hummus is creamy and the artichoke dip is so good plus no onions!  Great bar, cool outdoor dining and a must stop for me when I'm in Phoenix.
5	The best find our spa getaway by far was this cute little gastropub.  Not only that, but as we didn't opt for the rental car, the bar actually has a van service that will pick you up from the hotel and return you, happier, fuller, and slightly more enebriated.The back veranda takes up an entire block and has great music, lighted wonderland, and bochee ball (sp?).  The interior is posh, modern, but a bit on the crowded side.  Its worth the wait for the outdoor seating.The food was insanely good.  Flatbread tandori chicken pizza.  Lamb and almond brittle salad.  Achiote salmon with chorizo filled arepa. Topped off with some sweet potato fries.The wine list was a great compilation.  Somewhat smaller selection, but we never hit a bad one and sampled quite a few.  I love a bar that filters in a good way!Not sure how often I will be in Pheonix, but I will definitely be hitting the Vig again when I return.Oh, and kudos to the owner of the Vig Rig and marketing to those trying to escape the slow spa experience for the night :)
4	Ok, let's start with the good things: Food is great FULL bar Great prices Good service AMAZING outdoor seating Bad things: Flooded with DOMS (Dirty old men) Crowded with cougars Smokey patio PAID parking I live in the area and love this bar. It is always my top pick (which Parlor has recently stole) and I generally always enjoy myself. The parking sucks. You have to pay and they monitor the surrounding lots like they are the Mafia or something. The prices are great and the food is surprisingly good. The atmosphere is hit or miss depending on the crowd. Being a married 20-something, I am not a big fan of men old enough to be my father in True Religions crowding my space. The good news is, you can always count on the Arcadia cougars to distract the young guys from bothering you. :) Its a great local hang out and worthy of a Saturday night.
4	The decor is sleek and modern and the food is pretty good too. The crowd is a little pretentious but very friendly. I always have a lot of fun here and it's my alternative to Scottsdale if I don't want to get all dressed up or if I want to do a Sunday Funday.
4	Cute little restaurant to stop by for a few drinks a food.  You wouldn't really notice it unless you were looking for it.  Yeah the crowd is not my taste, as I don't see the point in donning short dresses and heels for a casual night out, but to each their Scottsdale own.  I wish the bartenders were a little friendlier.  Why do they always seem to have a bit of attitude when serving my drinks?  I've served and I don't care what kind of day your having, deal and smile.Drinks are decent, still a little pricey and the servers will try to stiff you on their drink specials if you don't ask.  Food is pretty good.  I would like to come here more often, but the crowd drives me away.  That, along with the idea of getting hit on by some guy named Volt when I'm trying to eat dinner and catch up with a girl friend.  Ugh...Scottsdale douches are everywhere.
4	Although the place seems a bit pretentious even before you walk in the door, I was pretty impressed with it. We didn't bother with the valet parking even though it was $3. We used the $3 on our drinks instead. The food was good. We got the artichoke dip, five spice edamame and the Frenchy sandwich and shared it all. We were pretty impressed with the food and liked the atmosphere. It was crazy loud in there even for a Sunday night but I suppose that's because it was half off wine bottles those nights. There was a band playing on the patio too. Luckily for the patio dwellers, there are misters that kept them cool in the 100-degree evening.The Vig has its own scene going on. So if you're not one of the in-crowd, be prepared to be aggressive to get a drink at the bar. The hostesses seem a little cliquish as well.Overall, it was money and time well-spent for two visitors from San Diego. We'd go back.
4	AH The VIG!!Great for drinks, for lunch, for lounging and talking on the patio and having a bite to eat. The patio area is very inviting and comfortable.The interior is pleasing modern decor with great ligthing to set the mood.BUT I CAN NEVER GET A PARKING SPOT HERE! and I am not a valet kinda gal.(I was told they are opening another downtown location - so mayvbe they will rethink this)
4	Pros: #1. Great place to drink anytime of the week or weekend. Sundays can be a little hectic, but if you are into that sort of thing, this place is perfect. #2. Fairly decent food. Nothing mind blowing, but it is always consistent. #3. Live entertainment (DJs and Bands throughout the week). #4. Great atmosphere. Nice outside fire place and Italian lawn bowling. Cons #1. Parking is a pain. Don't drink too much or crossing the street over the checks cashed parking lot can be dangerous. #2. Drinks are usually weak and somewhat over priced. #3. The Arcadia crowd can be a little much. You know old guys with young girls or cougars with young men. Once again, if that is your thing you will love this place. Overall The Vig is a pretty decent spot and I recommend everyone I know to try it at least once.
4	This place has a fun atmosphere with a variety of people for those of us who enjoy people watching.  More of a lounge feel.  It was happy hour and busy so we went to the bar for a drink, standing, but immediately got an outside patio table.  The patio is nice, the misters felt great.  The bottled beer was nice and cold but my friend thought the tap beer was not nearly cold enough. We switched to wine and others were having wine as well.  The wines by the glass had a nice variety of choices.  We tried a few and liked them all.  The trio of sliders were cooked perfectly, nice toppings, good bread.  The shoestring fries needed some flavor.  I love the style of fries but the cajun spice was flavorless.  A little salt and pepper and we were good.  The smoked salmon was very good - capers, red onion, greens, toast, etc.  I didn't have any artichoke dip but the others really liked it.  Overall, a fun place to hang out and have a drink.  Nice atmosphere and popular.  Go there, you'll like it.
4	Ok.I had the guacamole, and the salmon with corn chorizo stuffOMGI loved loved loved the food!Get the salmon entree, seriously.  I thought it was superb.  Delicious.  I could eat it everyday.The inside part was kinda loud, kinda crowded, a bit irritating.  The patio looked nice, but it was way to hot to enjoy.I'll come back for the salmon.  Delicious.
2	Start with the good; George of the Vig Rig will take you home for free (tip) if you are within range. Menu is fun. As I hadn't been here for a while   ( a year?!), the menu was refreshing plus daring. Speaking of risk, I ordered a Vigaz burger with sweet potato fries. Hamburger was prepared to order yet bun could use improvement. Would locally baked rolls hold up better? Fries were perfect with a tasty peppery Russian dressing.So eats are decent.  However the bartenders could SMILE. Ok, I'm old school plus bartended thru college.  We smiled and made small talk with folks who were not gabbing in groups. Point: when I  saw a to go order, I wished this had been my choice. Kinda unusual that the friendliest guy is the valet ( who you pay $4 with tip.) Please work on the PR.
2	This place was ok. Parking does suck. I don't understand why they have valet but it was cheap so we used it. A major plus here is their patio. It appears to be bigger than the restaurant and you can play boci ball! It was over a hundred degrees when I was here celebrating a friend's engagement and they turned off the misters. WHY??? The fans were still going but they didn't help much. I tried some appetizers. The artichoke dip tasted like cream cheese. I though the guac and salsa were better. And the service was so slow. We were here for 2 hours and only had 2 drinks and not by choice. I actually came here during Yelp Eats week and was never informed that they were participating. We were only given regular menus. After I found out that they were a participating restaurant a couple of days after our visit I asked some of the other people who had been there if they were ever offered the alternative menu and not one person said they had. Lame.
4	Went there for the first time tonight. Parking was a nightmare. Mostly valet only. Arrived at 6 pm (when Happy Hour ends) and the entire place was packed. The bar was full, all the indoor seating was full, even in the summer most of the patio was taken. Patio was large with lots of great outdoor seating. It turned out to be worth the wait. The ceviche and the grouper were really yummy but I would avoid the duck salad. The service was mediocre but the waitress was very busy with tons of full tables. It was a fun, hip, and trendy place although it was really loud and crowded. Not the place to go if you want a quiet dinner with no scene.
4	Delux introduced Phoenix to the super good gourmet burger and the Vig has successfully taken it to another level.  The Vig Azz is the burger that I think Dave Thomas and Ray Kroc probably eat up in heaven.  The other dishes are good as well.The vibe is LA pretentious cool so just pretend to be hip when you get your super tasty burger.
2	Last time I really liked this place but we were here earlier, happy hour time.  I will go back for happy hour.  This time it was later, around 1130, and I was glad to see it was busy.  Sat at a booth and waited 10 minutes but no waitresses.  Went to the bar and couldn't get a drink, not that busy.  Went outside to back bar and they were completely nonresponsive.  If you want to be seen or are looking for a late night meat market then go.  Otherwise, stick to when the service exists earlier in the day.
4	Ummmmmmm. 32 douche bags in camouflage pants and an endless supply of cougars pretty much sums up my Thursday night at The Vig. I was wicked wicked excited to try this spot because everyone else seems to love it so much. Even though my first impression of the crowd wasn't the greatest, I too, am a fanFantastic wine options, many bottles were split amongst friends and no-one, not even my asshole connoisseur friend complained. If I weren't so intoxicated, I would be able to tell you what exactly it was, that I was drinking.. but I cant.. Carmen something? Their menu is awesome, lots of variety. The Double Down Hummus plate is the shit. Lovely outdoor seating area to boot. I hear Sundays are the best to come, mostly for their phenomenal drink specials. I could really see myself loving this place in late October.. not only because it is my favorite time of year, but also because there is nothing better than scarves and boots, wrapped in a shawl, enjoying the autumn air with a nice glass of Cabernet.
4	The Vig is a fantastic neighborhood bar and hang-out, located near Arcadia. Tucker did a great job with the design and the menu. The food is very good. They have great Edamame and Apps. I love the Smoked Salmon. If you like Bocce Ball, the Vig has it. The atmosphere is laid-back and the ambiance is nice. The Vig is always playing a great selection of music from different eras. The weekend DJ is always smiling and having a good time. He manufactures great sound.
3	Good food.  Lots of outdoor seating.
3	I've actually been here twice now. First time, I was with friends after a tasting at Sportsman's. The only thing I remember is that I wasn't very taken with the atmosphere, and not too impressed with the food.But, I keep hearing friends with positive comment, so I thought I'd try again. This time, I stopped to grab a quick dinner before a late business meeting nearby. No parking spaces on the lot, so I used the valet since I was in a hurry - and he parked it on the front lot in an unmarked space. WTF? I could have done that myself for free!I was there with menu in hand by 10 of 6. Happy hour ends at 6, and the woman bartender, who was not very friendly, took her good ole time getting orders for two other couples that came in after me, so I wound up with no wine discount. She shrugged.Younger guy bartender was happy to answer questions about the food. Achiote salmon was much better than I expected, even though the slab of fish was obviously of the perfectly-formed, vacuum-packed, frozen variety, not even close to fresh. The somewhat sweet corn cake, set off with spicy chorizo in the center was the highlight of the meal. On a Tues. night, a few cougars, but mostly regular gals at the tables eating dinner...and a lot of Creepy Old Guys (COGs). Too many other great places in the area to return to one that is just so-so.
4	it's like a grown up Casey Moores! So cute and I was soo loving the saxaphone player with the DJ. The food was good too, I would be interested in trying more of the food here because I hear good things about the chefs. I think I really like this place, but fear it may be a little too yuppie-ish, but we'll see!
5	Two words... Sunday Funday!! The best place to go and chill! Huge open patio with a Bocce ball court down the side. Something a little out there from your average pool table or shuffle board. Lots of fun! Their food is amazing! My friends and I have their wings at least once a week! All though I really do wish they would bring back The Elvis dessert. Hint hint!! *caugh-caugh* Sunday Funday is the best time to go. Live music on the patio and half off any and all bottles of wine. Best deal in town my friends! The staff is always great, Love ya Thomas! ;-) They also have what they call The-Vig-Rig.... they will pick you up and bring you to the Vig and give you a ride home FOR FREE.... just make sure to tip your driver. Way to be safe! Check out the Vig! more than worth it.
4	Ive been to The Vig several times.. and consistently Im at a 4.. heres why... strong drinks...you got em.... creepy guys trying to buy you a Pabst...umm.. yep, that too...did I just see a 45+ trying to be 22 again puking in the bathroom..?? WTH? Yep.. that too...but I love the patio.. I dont like the set up inside ... but get your seats outside and secure them.. bc a couple of creepers took me and my friends last time.. I was in the bathroom dodging cougars trying to fit into their too small True Religions and dousing on copious god awful colognes..  and she had an issue she had to run down the waitress for.. did the dudes give back our seats? UM no.. did the skiddish waitress try and help... UM no.. she said we should join the guys.. or wait for another patio table.. seriously?? OH yes she did! So  service...could up it a notch.. Happy Hour..I like the salads and hummus... nice valet boys..
4	I give this place 5 stars for the macaroni & cheese.  Order the mac and cheese and ask for a large portion.   Seriously, the best mac and cheese I have found in the valley.The patio is very cool and bocce ball is entertaining.The atmosphere is like, " the scottsdale frat-boyz invaded arcadia".  Your typical snottsdale D-bags invading westward.  what are you gonna do?
3	I said it would never happen...I have raved about The Vig since I arrived here in PHX a couple of years ago... Tonight it lost with me... Meeting friends there & missing happy hour... we decide to op for wines and salads... Walking in.. the hostess was on her game... recommending the restaurant week option.. Kind of bland choices for restaurant week.. and my friends and I werent only NOT feeling it... we just didnt feel like it.. not tonight and not tomorrow... The waitress seemed good... but failed as we struggled with some of the wines on the menu...Im from wine country.. but dont feel real prepared to be a sommelier! The waitress, rather than make a suggestion...bring a sample or two...seemed annoyed and said shed return... a bit later we ordered a various amount of red wines... and an app. AND our salads... 30 min. after our app..(chips and a tart tasting guac and a salsa that looked like a orange gazpacho..and a bit tasteless at that..) I asked what the hold up was with the salads... She said with attitude that she didnt realize we were ready...Kind of a strange answer... I apologized to her for coming across maybe a bit crass... (after all, my Monday was a hell day)... but she never smiled again the entire nite... My salad, the shrimp salad.. was blech!... 4 mediocre sized shrimp.. and a tart dressing of prickly pear on the side... some of the greens were not fresh.. and a cool $15 for that... my friends salad was okay.. but he opted to head to McD's he claimed thereafter... oops... guess not on his salad either.. our other friend had a 'hot chick' sandwiche.. she said not great...not bad...just a sandwiche... Still a cool place for drinks on the patio.... but go AFTER you get dinner somewhere else...
4	UPPING The Vigs star level from my experience last week.. The Vigs manager contacted me with an apology.. and nowadays that goes a long way.. :-) I just know what I wont order now.. :-)
3	So much of me wants to love the Vig and give it an amazing review. After all, it was the first restaurant I ever went to in Phoenix over a year ago when I was here for my interview. Two of my friends took me there. I loved the atmosphere and ambiance. The patio is simply enchanting. My favorite is the vig rig that will take you home for free if you don't feel like putting up with their valet, don't feel like parking 8 blocks away because it's the closest you can get, or you are not sober enough to drive home. The ride is free and was gratefully appreciated when we were there with no car to get home.What keeps me from upping the star level?** Parking** Non-memorable food** Didn't impress me enough to make a note to come back
4	Loved the place!  has nice decor, very modernized look, the patio with area for band play was nice.  It even had a Bocce court, which I had a very good close match with my cousin was a fresh appeal to anyone who might want to have a good time while mingling.  The Staff was appreciative.  Worthwhile to visit if ever in Phoenix.  2 thumbs up!
3	If I were to review The Vig on food alone I would say its in the 4 star range.  The food was excellent. We went here for dinner for a going away party and I really did enjoy the meal.  I had a BBQ pork torta with sweet potato fries.  The fries were warm and they came with a special sauce.  The Torta was excellent mix of southwest and American.  It really was quite tasty and the price was good also.  Now the reason for the 3 star.  There is a strange vibe in this place.  There seems to be a lot of older guys and young women here.  The parking lot is full of Mercedes/BMW/Land Rovers so I am guessing that its a great place for older men to meet young women or vice versa.  If this is your type of thing then by all means this is the place.Overall I say the best part of this place is the people watching.
4	I'm a big fan of the outdoor patio open dining room area of the vig. The indoor area is small maybe a dozen tables. However, the patio is very spacious with lots of room for bocce ball. For me the big draw to the vig is the food menu. Love the pork nachos, mac & cheese with steak tips, several great salads & the grilled cheese with sweet potato french fries. It's comfort food at it's best! Actually it's comfort food dressed up a little so you don't feel like an 8 year old ordering grilled cheese or mac & cheese. And since it's important to feel adult when ordering kid food you have to have a cocktail at the vig. There is usually always a specialty cocktail on special ($5). And they usually have something fun to offer with a infused vodka or such. Cocktails are usually around $7.  Overall it's one of my favorite bars in the Arcadia area. Just a fun atmosphere and good food.
3	I make fun of this place a lot because our friends that live anywhere within 10 miles of it seem unable to go 48 hours without stopping in.  They do have pretty good food, and the patio is great.  The bocci ball court was a masterstroke, even prompting me to have the guy who did theirs install one in my backyard.  All in all its a cool place, but I still don't get what all the fuss is about.
3	I've been debating on whether or not to give this spot two or three stars.  I used to be a huge fan of everything about the Vig.  Great Patio, Great Bar, Great Food, Great Laughs, but the one thing that was never great was the parking.  They have a valet, but it always seems to be full, so you started to park across the street, well that parking is now always full.The Vig has been struck from the list of places that I frequent, because I hate to wait for a table at a neighborhood grill, and because I hate to park a half mile away for a chicken sandwich.The Vings (get it...Vig WIngs...Vings) are very good to start off, and every single meal that I have enjoyed is excellent.  They have a rotating beer tap that is usually something delicious, and very enjoyable.  The cocktails are strong, but not too strong.The patio is one of the best in town.  They did a great job of giving it character and limiting the view of the crap shopping center across the street.This is another great Phoenix establishment in the likes of LGO, Chelsea's, The Parlour, etc, but the parking has turned me off to the point that I don't even think about it any more.  It's such a shame that a great establishment has to be ruined by those in Scottsdale and Tempe that make the drive to our neighborhood grills!!
5	I must write a retraction.... apparent "someone" had a problem with The Vig using the words Sunday and Funday together so it is now called "Sunday School" Not nearly as cool sounding, but a great day to be at The Vig none the less.
5	Yes parking sucks but totally worth it for the great food, drinks and ambiance. Sunday afternoons are especially great at The Vig with live music and 1/2 price bottles of wine.
5	5 reasons to go to the vig:1. it's outdoors w/heating lamps...which is PERFECT for AZ weather in the fall & winter...LOVE IT! 2. it has a bocce ball court...drinking while chucking heavy balls on grass...LOVE IT! 3. it has this (heavenly) chocolate brownie dessert...sharing is difficult...LOVE IT! 4. it's really close to postino's...makes a great night...LOVE IT! 5. it has the vig rig...which will shuttle your intoxicated self home (running on tips only!)...LOVE IT! with those 5 reasons need I say any more?
5	I've got to upgrade this place to a five star joint for three reasons.1.  Their half and half plate of hummus and babba gannoush is the best I've ever had.  And at $4 during happy hour, it's a great way to start the night.2.  Their gin and tonics are out of this world.  I don't know what they do differently, but it's a little sweeter and you can't taste the gin at all.  Warning: having 5+ of these guarantees that you will be hammered.3.  The Vig Rig which was sweet enough to cater to two drunk girls and drop them off at their separate homes.  If only we knew that you picked up people to, then we wouldn't have had to deal with being stranded for the first part of our Saturday morning.Even with your crowd of douches and cougars, I can't help but love you for my experience Friday night!
2	g and i drive up and see the valet sign - $2. really? you offer no onsite parking except valet and you require me to pay for it? i will tip ... i always tip. but actually charge a fee? ugh. so not classy. that started things off on the wrong foot. g and i were the last to show up. our group of 6 was seated at a table on the patio that was clearly made for four, five at the most. i was smashed between  two others - i'm all for being the peanut butter, but this was absurd - i spent the meal dodging elbows. tables were too high or the seating was too low. either way, it made for an awkward and uncomfortable dinner. the staff had to notice the awkward arrangement - i don't know how you could miss it. anyway, onto the food ... well, it was fine. my caesar salad was fine, as one might expect - it is pretty hard to screw up caesar salad. g had the wings and the sauce was more bbq-y than buffalo-y. the menu seemed to be a bit pretentious: words like "deconstructed" and "dauphinoise" litter it. the energy was really, really strange. yes, it is a modern pub, but i kind of expected more. and yes, the valet situation and the place's creepy energy really irked me.
4	made a stop in here last night via the Tuesday Trolley (which might I add, is a brilliant idea!). this was my first time to The Vig. We sat outside on a chilly night and enjoyed the KICKASS patio with a little heat from the propane heater next to our table. fantastic ambiance and the best part was the dj mixing some hip hop while another dude played a trumpet and guitar during certain parts. what a classy touch! we all loved it so much! the beverages were good and the service was as well. i can't believe i'd never been here before but i am a fan i will be returning!
3	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):7 Food7 Service8 Atmosphere5 Valuesomewhere between "meh" and "good"
5	Great atmosphere. Fantastic patio. Tasty menu and last but not least half priced bottles of wine on Sunday. One of my favorite hangouts.
1	I give everyone a fair chance and I am a foodie and wine lover but I put the Vig on blast! I have frequented this bar/restaurant in the past merely for their atmosphere, pretty scenery and great patio; however, more than a few times the service has been downright unprofessional and staff rude from time to time. I was recently in the restaurant with a fairly large party and we all ended up with food poisoning from the hummus and baba ganoush. I wasn't so upset that it happened because it's a risk one takes but what happened after I will never forget. After nicely calling the manager Pam, I only wanted to inform her of what had happened so that others would not get sick and she quickly became defensive and told me that it was impossible we could get sick on hummus. Sadly but true in my opinion she must have never taken a food safety class. As most of us know bacteria can grow in protein and hummus is all protein. She argued me and I quickly responded with the fact that eight people getting sick is no coincidence. As a manager in the past, it's right to sympathize with the customer, not defend. I wanted nothing from her but she quickly told me she would tell the chef and "sorry, hope you feel better", and she hung up the phone. This tells me the Vig's management is not only unprofessional but downright awful. I never thought their food was that great anyway and it's a step up from bar food but if you want drink menus tossed at your table, long waits before being greeted, rude staff and food poisoning, then check out the Vig. If you don't want to park in valet, be careful parking in the check cashing parking lot because it can be dangerous crossing that busy street.
4	Yumm yumm yumm!   The burgers are fantastic and yummy!The service has always been top notch, fast and freindly.Love the inside and outside environment.    Could do without the TVs with sports playing on them...don't we get enough plugged in entertainment in our lives already?....but I'm probably in the minority.Kid friendly for those well behaved kids of course. :)
4	From: vesperbistro.comThere is a great neighborhood restaurant/bar about a mile from us, called The Vig .  The self proclaimed Modern Tavern has a nice mid century modern feel on the inside and a terrific patio, replete with an outdoor bar, fireplace, and bocce court. Today was the day of the local annual marathon here in Phoenix.  For residents that means one thing - forget about trying to go anywhere by car.  So Jen, Ethan and I hopped on our bikes and met up with some friends for lunch at The Vig. Arguably one of the best items offered here, isn't on the menu: their pork pozole soup, aka pozole rojo.  I guess after frequenting there enough you start to learn about the hidden menu - kind of like "animal style" at In-N-Out I suppose.  The red chiles used in cooking it impart an intense brick red coloring.Well I'm in a pozole rut right now.  Every time we head there I just have to order a cup or bowl.  With the required warm flour tortilla the bowl is a meal in itself.  The chef at the Vig really nailed this dish.  It is a perfect blend of chiles, slow roasted pork, hominy, oregano, garlic and cilantro.  It has the right amount of kick to.  It is so good, that it is one of those dishes that I am just too afraid to try and make at home - because you know it just won't be the same.  So for now when I am in the mood for pozole I'll hop on my bike and ride over to The Vig.
5	The Vig rocks.  The biggest, best priced Hangar One martinis in town and the food is always excellent.  After 3 years in the neighborhood, the Vig has become an Arcadia fixture.  The staff are among the best and friendliest in town and then there is the food.  Always very tasty and fresh, with a great variety.  The specials make it even more difficult to decide what to order!The best part of the Vig is Sunday Funday/Sunday School on the patio.  On a sunny Sunday afternoon, there is no better place to be in Phoenix.  I took two friends there who were in from Seattle and Raleigh to run the Rock n Roll Marathon to celebrate their run, and it was  a hit!  The Vig never disappoints.
1	I really want to like this place, the main reason being that it's right around the corner from home.  I support many of the neighborhood businesses, but just cannot find a reason to support the Vig.  I've been a few times and have been seated both inside and out, and I'm a huge fan of the space, and the ambiance.  But my last visit was horrible.  We were seated and waiting, waiting, waiting for service.  There were a fair amount of empty tables, and they didn't appear to be understaffed.  Finally some girls doing a promo for a vodka label came to our table and offered us free Moscow Mules to start the night.  So we accepted.  And while that was very nice, no waiter ever came to our table.  We had planned to eat at the Vig, but after 45 minutes we finally just left and went someplace else.  I will say that the parking lot valet was awesome.  He kept our car in one of the few spots right by the front door, so at least it was easy for us to get out of there and on to someplace better.
4	If your out cougar hunting and coming up empty, go to The Vig. Its like a scene out of National Geographics. I've definently had my fair share of kills here, but thats not why I go. Just like Georgeanne says below, I live extremely close. Roughly 30 seconds closer then her and my walking stride might be longer so I'd say about 7 minutes walking and 6 power walking. I am a MASSIVE fan of getting drunk and not having to drive home. Whether its cabbing it, hitch hiking, or walking, I will not get a DUI. The food here is slightly above great and below "drop your pant and put yourself in it' amazing. The beer selection is good, not great, but they rotate drafts quite often which is nice. The staff is extremely friendly and courteous. I think I've hit on the hot manager nearly everytime I've been in and still cant remember her name. The patio is the shit! Its larger then the inside part and it has botchiball. Drinking+botchiball=funny Kodak moments!
4	Oh Vig-Ass burger how I love thee!! You brought me out of my funk when I stopped in. Had a long, dreary week and came in for a pick me up, was alone. After enjoying half of my deliciousVig Ass burger( yes I took the other portion home! Couldn` leave it or finish it, quite big!) and those scrumptious sweet potatoe fries!! All I can say is,I left with a smile on my face!! Can`t wait for the new uptown location to open, right down the street from me!!
5	I definitely want to come back!We came in a group of 4 after First Friday around 9:30 or so. We parked across the street which at first I thought was a little strange but at least we found a spot fast.The guy at the door was super nice while carding us & liked my checkered vans.We had to wait about 15-20 min for a table. It was pretty crowded. We made our way outside to the back bar through a patio filled with tables, chairs, & heaters all over.There was a DJ type guy doing music which wasn't too bad.I remember my vodka tonic being stiff. I tasted my friends hoegaarden with a slice of orange & loved it!I noticed servers can be scarce sometimes.Food:- Hot Vings traditional style I think. It was a HUGE plus that these automatically come wth blue cheese instead of ranch. Yay!- The Good 'Ol Steak Salad looked good but I didn't try it. My friend said it was pretty good.- The Trifecta looked mouth watering. My friend let me try his fries. OMG! Some of the best fries I've ever had. Thin & crispy on the outside while still being perfect on the inside. I almost want to say they were sweet. Like sweet potato fries? Different but amazing.- Southern Fried Chicken Salad was mine. The chicken was tender & a tiny bit spicy. It comes with a huge hunk of green chile cornbread that had my mouth doing happy back flips.There's quite a range in the type of people I saw there. My group was pretty casual. We were in jeans, tennis shoes, & I had vans on. There was an older gentleman smoking a cigar, a guy that looked exactly like a younger Chris Isaak, guys in dress shirts or tees, and a lot of girls in heels. Lot of good looking people there that night! I'm gonna say you can go casual but since it's getting close to Scottsdale people do dress up just a bit.The bathrooms are also nice. I actually barely remember them but I don't remember anything bad.
4	I love the vig and the laidback but highclass atmosphere they present there. The breakfast in manhattan martini doesn't play around, it has woodford reserve bourbon shaken with fresh apple juice and syrup! It has shredded bacon lining the rim of this intoxicating drink. The only reason I gave them a 4 is because I ordered my steak Med-Rare and it came out Medium and even more dry than a medium should be.
4	One of my best friends sends me a text that she's having dinner with her mother and I should join them.  There was an hour wait, so I had plenty of time to throw something on and make myself look presentable.I show up and the place is packed.  Crazy busy.  Full of men.  The place is a meat market.   I spot my friend and her mom, who have known me since I was 12, in a dark corner below a TV screen.  I haven't been to dinner with my friend's mother since we were in high school.  It seems they have had a little wine, well my friend had a little and her mom apparently drank a whole bottle before she even got to the restaurant. I perused the menu while my friend's mom tells me that she doesn't want to date divorced men because there must be something wrong with them.  She herself is divorced and in her fifties- what else is there?  I decided on the gnocchi because good gnocchi is like crack to me.  It was rather delicious, but I would have swapped the edemame for peas.  Nobody like peas anymore except for me, I guess they're just not cool. I start to feel like I need some air.  There are so many damn people and I can't possibly scoot my chair in any further to let more by.  As soon as my gnocchi was no longer occupying my attention I felt like I just needed to get the fuck out of there.  Something about the atmosphere made me uncomfortable.  I'm not deducting a star because it could have been the awkward conversation with my friend's mother about how she would rather be alone than date someone another woman didn't want.  I don't know how that even makes sense, every woman has been with a man she doesn't want anymore.  It doesn't seem to bother my ex's new girl.   I would give this place five stars if it was a little less popular.  It won't keep me from coming back, but next time I'm sitting in a booth where random people won't be bumping into me or hanging over my table all night.  Although, that will probably only add to the wait time.
3	Please note that I was completely sober for this visit, unlike my last 1.I was really really looking forward to this place. What the F happened?! Last time I was here was on First Fri in Feb. Came again on First Fri in March & it just wasn't the same. Not nearly as many people. Compared to last time it felt empty :( At least there are always good looking people there, & by people I mean guys.They never seem to have enough servers. We had to ask for napkins. Not extra napkins, we just didn't have any at all automatically for some reason.There are 2 stalls in the womens restroom & 2 sinks. There's a small bench but the whole restroom is pretty small.The same guy was doing music again. Pretty decently mixed stuff.Food:- The Trifecta was really good. I love the red onions.- The Hot Chick almost reminded me of Red Robin's Bruschetta Chicken Burger, only not as good. The Hot Chick was still good but I couldn't shake the Bruschetta Chicken Burger memory.- The Grilled Cheese Sandwich was good & cheesy!- I LOVE the sweet potato fries. Don't leave here until you've tried them.
5	I am writing this review for one reason only - the Deconstructed Fish Tacos.  I am in LOVE with them and when I say LOVE, I mean obsessed.  These "tacos" are ready to be assembled when they come to your table with a thick, steak-like, grilled white fish, corn tortillas, salsa, black beans that actually taste good and a slaw....this slaw is what makes the dish.  It is comprised of edamame, corn, cabbage and who knows what else, but The Vig has hit it on the head.  Now The Vig has been a neighborhood staple for years, a great place to drink and eat on the patio and meet friends for a game, but with this new menu revision, I am just loving the food.  Great job!  Now if they would just redo the dessert menu, they could have 6 gold stars...
4	I love The Vig. I've been on so many first dates at this place I've often worried that the staff was going to think I was receiving compensation for my...ahem.. "services". It's just easy, (unlike myself) truth be told, most of those first dates were last ones as well. :)The food is decent. Flatbread Pizza with Tandoori Chicken seems to be my meal of choice. It's quite good, even with my aversion to mixing fruit and meat. Half price bottles of wine on Sundays!! ... I really don't even need to continue the review at this point, but I will.The only things I don't like about The Vig are : (1)  the polished concrete floors. I've slipped and fallen (sober mind you) on more than one occasion. Yes, I wear 5" heels just about everywhere I go. So yes, partially my fault. (2) Men old enough to be my father coming on to me like they think I don't see the tack marks behind their ears from their nasty face lifts. It grosses me out. I can handle the young DB's, these guys make my skin crawl. If I'm avoiding eye contact with you or have a constipated look on my face this is NOT game on buddy...mmmkay I have few other complaints. Good music, interesting crowd, love the forced valet so I don't have to end any of those first dates awkwardly hovering at my car door like a 16 year old. Sweet deal if you ask me!
4	Finally got to do Sunday Funday at The Vig. Holy moly. Place was PACKED to the gills. I live way up north and rarely venture out on Sundays so it was nice to see a place bustling like The Vig. I also found the crowd to be a refreshing change from what one might find up here roaming around City North and Desert Ridge. I went with a big group of friends. We all enjoyed the scene on the patio, live music, fun people. Drinks were OK, not the strongest in the world, but that might not have been too bad since we were there for 7 hours. Around 8, we finally got a table outside and had some dinner, which tasted great to me, but we had been drinking for several hours. I loved the Queso Fundido. My friend and I enjoyed it so much that we got a second round. By that time in the night, anything with melted cheese and chips sounded like heaven.The rest of our friends got sliders, chicken sanwiches and the tandoori flatbread. All of those were well received. I think the flat bread went over the best.The only thing that SUCKED was that someone stole my iPhone 3GS off the table as we were leaving. Next time I'll keep that at home.
3	I have no idea why I came here for dinner again.  On a busy Saturday night with a party of 8 mind you.  The place was packed and it took about 30-45 mins to get tables.  While we were waiting I had a martini and it was just ok.  They don't have blue cheese olives and there were ice chips in the glass so it was like drinking a vodka slushi.  I should have just stuck with beer.We had the hummus platter thing to start and it was pretty good though a bit salty.  This pitas were 'eh.  I ordered a side salad and it was just eh' as well.  Also, once again because I forgot to say something, our sweet potato fries came out before our meals.  WTF?!?  They are pretty good and not too greasy but their dipping sauce is still weird.For an entree I ordered the VigAssBurger and it was very good.  I would order it again.  The burger was freshly made and cooked perfectly with tons of juicy flavor.Somehow they have the food out super fast here which is awesome.  Our waitress was also very speedy and friendly which is very odd for a very busy night.  So yay Vig for those pluses. I just wish I lived closer because this is a super cool place to come and drink, especially outside.  I could lounge there for hours.  I just don't want to come back for dinner because this really is more of a drinking/light-eating establishment.
3	I think this is more of 3.5 star restaurant.  One of the best patios in town, bocce ball is a unique touch and is lots of fun, and you're always guaranteed good service.  So, where I think this place lacks, is their food.  I think that their menu is fine, but the quality leaves more to be desired.  However, my burger w/ fried egg on top yesterday was exceptional (A+).  If my next meal at The Vig is as good as my burger, I will step up my rating to 4-star.  Overall, fun, good place.
3	I go for the friends, food and fun. No Malibu. So it's hard to come here for happy hour and enjoy the hustle and bustle of things. I will indulge my peeps and meet them here although they ALWAYS feel bad for forgetting I am a snob that doesn't drink fake Malibu imposters. Food wise, their happy hour menu is good and decently priced. Just odn't order it to go or they will charge the non-HH menu price. Vings are quite tasty and spiced just right. I always get the guac and chips and sliders get a thumbs up as well. The patio is a great place to be during the spring and late fall when the weather is probably what heaven is like 24/7. Lots of tables, a cozy little area near the gas fireplace and bocci ball on the side. They also have a bar on the back patio which opens up during private patio parties and late night... Sundays during the day, also.
2	I have to be honest, my experience there yesterday was less then desirable.  I was irritated by the way the hostess handled herself.  She is just a nasty individual with zero customer service and the manager was exactly the same.  My friends and I go often and for these 2 women to be nasty to my group is unacceptable!  After the rude and obnoxious behavior from these 2 ladies, I am not sure if we will be heading back to the Vig anytime soon.  Also, from other patrons of the Vig yesterday, they also experienced the same behavior from the 2.My recomendation to the Vig.....Find yourself a new hostess and Manager.
4	Well... even after not visiting the Vig for almost a year everytime I go there it is a great crowd... I don't think I have ever had a bad time or met anyone completely rude. Sunday is the best day to go.. Sunday Funday! 1/2 price wine + good company + live music - who could ask for more? I'm normally a mixed drink drinker... but whenever I go to the Vig I always go back to wine, so I can't comment on the mixed drinks, food is decent but what doesn't taste good when your starving and drinking? Also heard they are opening another one on 16th street... double the fun!
5	Every time I visit AZ, I find myself at The Vig following an evening of hardcore Scottsdaling, and this trip was no different. Although I have missed out on the Sunday Fundayness of The Vig, I can easily understand how it gets hoppin'!  The outdoor patio is spectacular for lounging, glass clinking and chatting, and when you add music, you can see how the place would just light up.My experiences have been less rock n roll and more just rock-esque, but wonderful nonetheless. This past time we were waiting for a friend to join us and we were starving (read: hung over), so I asked the gentleman filling up my lemonade (refreshing and just enough tart for my taste buds) if he could bring us some bread (which I don't believe is customary), but ask and you shall receive must be The Vig's motto, because that is exactly what happened. It wasn't a half-ass attempt either, it was a country loaf with a butter marmalade spread in the middle. Delightful!Then came my Hot Chick (which I ordered for obvious reasons) - their version of a sensational toasted sandwich (grilled chicken breast, arugula, roasted tomato and smoked mozzarella served with spicy avocado spread on ciabatta). I only ate half because of the generous portion of vig rings accompanying the 'wich. They were so well prepared and struck the perfect balance of onion and ring!Another exceptional dining sesh at The Vig. One of these days I will go for just their cocktails (this eating thing is getting out of control)!
3	Well the layout sells this place all by itself. Very comfortable spot and it's easy to stay for hours. However, one of the contributors to being able to stay for hours, is because of how slow the service is. Took about ten minutes to be greeted and another 10-15 for first round of drinks. I had the Swisskey Nickel Sandwich (on ciabatta instead of pumpernickel [which was cool the server made sure I knew it wasn't a big deal]) Not too shabby. Couldn't taste any horseradish in the mayo...and the cranberry chutney, is more like a preserve...but good flavor overall and sweet pot fries were pretty spot on...didn't care the dipping sauce.Their Arizona Stronghold "Mangus" is not as Big as I expected...for the price, and for where it's listed on the menu. SO in a nutshell...great layout to hang with some friends or fam and chat it up (A+). Service is splotchy (C+) (never even knew my servers name) and the food is good (B). OH!!! I do owe the server some Kudos for hooking it up with the discount we had asked about a little earlier than he was supposed to.
4	WOW, I like this place.  Really Posh yet comfortable atmosphere.  The food is wonderful and inventive, the beer selection is a who's who of micro brew and the patio is a great place to spend an afternooon day drinking!  It tends to get a little over crowded on the weekend nights so I usually stick to Sat. & Sun. afternoons.  Again a great place to chill with friends, drink great beer and enjoy the weather.  Happy hour here is always popular and the grilled wings cant beat!
4	Came here for a drink & to digest after La Condesa. It was Monday & the sun was just about setting when we arrived. That's the earliest I've been to the Vig.Park across the street! Don't waste $$ on valet. Ignore the "No Vig parking" signs & park a tiny bit deeper into the lot.There was no one carding at the door. The hostess was a little scatter brained & didn't always man her post. (I've been a host. I got yelled at if I let customers "linger" coming in because I'd walked away.) She tried to tell us there weren't any tables available. I look over to see plenty of tables empty. Were they reserved? No biggie, I tell her we'll find a seat out on the patio, but not at a table.I have no problem with my elders but it seemed like a retirement community was having a field trip to the Vig. It's such a different vibe earlier in the day. No wonder people like this place; ANYONE can go here!The service was a lot better this time. By golly, a smile sure does go a long way! I'm not a wine connoisseur in the least, but our server helped me out & talked me through some flavors. I tried a wine & didn't like it. I just don't like bitter & I don't like white. I know this much. I decided on a drink with hard alcohol.Meow-meow, the "house cat" came to chill with us. She spent some time grooming & then curled up for a snooze. Awesome! She's a sweet cat.Only negative this time were the 2 older gentlemen hogging the bocce ball. I expressed interest in playing a game with my date. But no, they played at least 5 or more games while we were sitting there. They were tallying points up so I could tell they'd been playing for a while. That's just rude people. Play 2 games & then get the eff off the turf!
5	Why did I have such a good time here, again? Was it because I was with the best of company & just couldn't go wrong? Vig sure does make my date nights go well though, I'll say that much.Friday after 11. I wore black flats, not my checkered vans. The door guy didn't say squat about liking my shoes. So I'm pretty sure he doesn't say that to all the girls. That made me like him even more. I think he genuinely likes my vans.Hmm not always easy to find a seat. The host is gone & it's "seat yourself".Made it to the back bar. Got a couple drinks. I was being leered at by 2 guys pushing 60. Uncomfortable, so we moved.We got a table & 2 different servers asked us if we'd been helped. We moved tables. No server. We sat in some chairs. No server. Meh...Also, Meow-meow might be preggers. She looked a little on the fat side.
4	My wife and I frequent the Vig quite often, however this last trip has inspired me to write my first Yelp! review.  The food.  The music: eclectic, relaxing, and at a volume that allows conversation.  Last night (Tuesday) they had a live DJ scratching accompanied by a live musician who played the guitar and trumpet.  I'd go back JUST for them.The drinks: fairly priced, although we haven't made it for Happy Hour yet.  The bocce ball: among the best in town.The food: fantastic.  I thought the prices were a bit steep for "bar food," but this is not your average chicken strips and mozzarella balls.  We ordered the most opposite thing on the menu... VigAzz Burger and the Vigan... not quite Vegan.  Both were large portions and full of flavor.  It wasn't your everyday cheeseburger... trust me, my wife is a cheeseburger connoisseur.  Plus, they didn't skimp on the fries.Why didn't I give the Vig 5 stars?  The Valet parking!  I understand the lot only has 15 spots, but there is an entire shopping center across the street with ample amounts of parking.  On Friday night when we went there, they had the empty parking lot roped off with a parking bouncer who stopped everyone from trying to enter saying they HAD to valet.  Then last night, a Wednesday night, they had Valet again... luckily no parking lot bouncer.
5	The last time I was at The Vig, they tricked me.. You see, they have these glass doors that they open up in the back of the restaurant when its nice out, and sometimes, when you go through those doors from the outside to take a trip to the loo, they close them on you, so like an asshole, you attempt to walk back outside the way you came, but instead you bash your head and knees into the glass window in front of 35 people. Be mindful of this.But hey, at least they had the most amazing wine specials that night and I was saucy enough to laugh it off and take a bow. And then I hid in the bocce ball pit for the remainder of the evening where I somehow acquired 200 bruises. I love the Vig. Even when I'm embarrassing the shit out of myself.
3	I can say that I used to love the place. Not so much any longer. Went over there this past Sunday at 7pm. Crowded, but still room to sit 6 of us. Here are a few simple notes to sum up the evening.Waitress was on something. She was walking, but out of it. Forgot our order twice, and both times could not remember even taking them. Very bizarre. Girl next table fell over and out of her chair. No one really even seemed to notice, maybe that happens often here now. Place looks tired, worn out, especially the fabric on the chairs and booths outside. If you squint, you can see the old Vig, when it seemed spotless, and shiny. Now a bit tattered, along with the staff. If you are over 28, then I would have to say you might feel old in here. Reminds me of a spring break crowd being filmed by an MTV crew in Cabo. Very young, very drunk.
2	Pretty old crowd in here, but all the women here were gorgeous. The drinks were pretty good, but a little expensive, but i'am in phx so i guess i should expect it to be a coastly night. I guess I was jst looking for a place to kick back and relax and I found hat hard to do with the older crowd and all the men in suite's. Maybe I'll try this place on a friday or saturday next time. This was posted on yelp events I didn't see many people taking pictures of the place and didn't feel that I should take a lot of pictures in there last night. I think I took one, and I didn't get a chance to play bouchey ball. bummer.
4	I am so very over a few of my friends who have been aware of this place but who have been hiding it from me.  I will list names at the end of this post.  But the Vig is one heck of a place to take a date for sweet potato fries and good wine!  And atmosphere...  The Vig is like so many other places that try to trend out a wine loving crowd and you will note that there is wine for days!!!! I had the Chilean Pinot Noir by the glass.  Very nice and about $13.I want to talk though about my favorite item in the Vig...the ladies room.Ladies, you know that this matters...  Space, sanitation, and scandal!  When I went there was no shortage of any of these.  I do wonder how it all turned out for Kelsy and James... Hold on...back to the venue...The Vig is a mature, merlot of a place with lots of air to allow it to breathe as you inhale the masterful meals and mix and mingle with new found friends.  I don't like the parking scenario at the Vig.  I parked in the large parking lot across the street but only realized that this was the official allotted space when I somehow detected a very small arrow on a traffic cone that said "Vig Parking".  You have to be kidding me. Please use the appropriate marquee to let us know where you are, Vig...Sheree, thanks.
4	Swinging place and great food. I was there recently with a group of 12. The staff very efficiently handled our group. The eclectic music was spot on for the vibe of Vig and you could still carry on a conversation. I had the Five Spice edamame, Vigazz burger and a beer, the burger was fantastic. Other entrees with positive feedback from the group: Carne Asada, Love Me Tenderloin, Salmon, Hot Chick. The Five Spice Edamame was a nice spin on a usually unexciting appetizer. I'll be back soon to enjoy the outdoor patio!
4	Lots of old ass Ed Hardy/Affliction-wearing dudes and leather-tanned cougars here!Makes for great people watching when I'm here on a Saturday enjoying an awesome $3 margarita and eating some yummy Vig tacos. The live band was great! You do have to get there early (before 2 pm) if you want to get a seat out on the patio. You can read the other reviews but the general consensus is that it's a pretty cool place to hang out.
4	The following is an open letter to the Jon Favreau lookalike DB at The Vig on Saturday:Jon, What about me sitting quietly, enjoying a glass of wine with my girlfriend led you to believe that I wanted to do shots with you from a beer bong that you fashioned from a plastic pink flamingo. No really, what was it.... maybe I need a makeover. Full of piss and vinegar yet respectfully yours,Kristi(I will never go here without a boy in tow again)  I still love you Vig!
4	I despise the lack of half stars on these reviews. I dig The Vig, but I'm not sure I can say I 4-star dig The Vig (it's really close though).We've been frequenting The Vig since they opened, yet another destination spot in the neighborhood. Let me tell you how excited I am that their Central location is siphoning off some of the customers ... it's slightly less crazy up in there. Yes, I'm a curmudgeon, I admit it.The Vig's food, though a little limited in options, is all fresh and satisfying. Sunday I had the grilled chicken sandwich with the mixed fries. The chicken was cooked perfectly, the veggies crisp and everything competently prepared. Big props especially for the $5 Bloody Marys ... it's what earned them that 4th full star. Just the right amount of spice and not too boozy.We usually visit for dinner, and my husband was convinced they did brunch on Sundays. They do not. However, they did have one special "breakfast" sandwich, or you can get the burger with an egg on it for an a.m. protein fix.
4	We met friends for a 7pm dinner tonight (Wednesday) at The Vig... We sat outside and Cesar was our waiter.  There was a live jazz trio playing and we were also paid a visit from our kitty cat friend.The menu changed since my last visit which was some time ago.  I recognized many Old Standby items, but some new ones too... We started with drinks - I had a glass of Malbec, the boys each had beer, and our pregnant friend had a virgin mojito.  And while the five spice edamame appetizer was missing a spice or three, we still managed to eat most of it.  For main courses, I went for the Veggie Korma, J had the decomposed fish tacos, Jeremy had the Steak Salad and Johanna enjoyed the chicken sandwich.Next time I'll hope to try the new Vig, but this one is super close, convenient, and fun.  I still highly recommend it after all of these years!
4	The Vig is awesome. Perfect place to go with friends or coworkers after a long day at the office to have a glass of wine off and enjoy either an appetizer or my favorite Steak Salad. Also a great place for people watching since you get an eclectic mix of the Scottsdale/Phoenix scene.
5	Now I know this place is no secret to anyone, but I had to show the Vig some love! This is hands down the best place to go in the Phoenix area. Not just for a great bar vibe but for amazing food! I can honestly say I've never had a bad time at the Vig, I mean how many places can you say that about? I mean NEVER have I had a bad time. The staff is amazing, especially Mich Mich, so nice they named her twice. Get her section and you will have a unique experience to say the least, and in a good way. I frequent this joint 3 or 4 times a week and it's always a blast and something different going on. Whether it be the best Sunday in town with live music and 2 for 1 bottles of wine, or their regular week night specials with different flair on it each week. The crowd is always great and different, eclectic. And it's always the perfect kind of busy. Botchy ball is a must and you can't beat the Vig ass Burger with a fried egg on top!!!!!! Or the Bread Pudding, don't get me started, I want it for my birthday cake!!! So if you haven't been in a while or you were just there last night like I was, get to the Vig again and again!!!!!
4	What's not to like about this place... great staff, good food, live music and an assortment of people that you enjoy hangin out with. So glad they changed the menu, cuz us non carnivores need more choices. See you on Funday Sunday.
1	Ate there yesterday.  For a side I ordered the side salad...the salad was slimy and wilty and had an old taste to it.  They should not have used it as it was salad that was good no longer.
2	This place makes me so irate. There aren't a lot of places in the Phoenix area that have this much potential and squander it without effort. One of the best patios in the city, decent happy hour (although they are very overpriced when it isn't happy hour), boche ball, and live music on Sundays. I say that to say this. Probably the worst customer service in Arizona. It doesn't matter what day of the week or time of day I go. Busy or slow, hot or cold, I can't believe how poorly this place treats it's customers. It's almost like they think it's a privilege to drink there. I try the place about once every couple months and it has become a game with our group of friends to see how long it will take to get service and how many times our waitress will roll her eyes at us. The place is like spaghetti-o's...you forget how much you hate it so you remind yourself a couple times a year.
2	I went to my monthly philosophical gathering last Friday...we examine, ponder and discuss some of the more esoteric aspects of life!I had so much fun!It's 2-3 hours of defining, questioning, cussing, discussing, opining, agreeing, disagreeing...well, you get the drift...last week's topic was "What is Art?"I did not know that people felt as passionately about art and artistic expression as they do...and that includes me:)Normally, I would try to have a couple of pops before a discussion like this (that's to honor Socrates, Aristotle, Plato and their students...their sessions were often drunken debauches and the last man standing was the "winner" in the philosophical debate of the evening...good times:)But I didn't ...I was stone cold sober for this discussion...I might have even made sense! After we finished our discussion, several of us decided that a cocktail was a very good idea and headed to the Vig...I know, you thought it was hip nightspot, but it's really renowned throughout the Valley of the Sun as a philosopher's hangout.Nice place...all concretey from the outside, all wood and fabric and leathery inside...pretty...even "artistic":)When we got to the Vig, the scholarly discussions were occurring at full volume all around us:)* "Gimme a cig"* "DUDE!!!!"* "Don't look...it's Cindy and Darrel"* "Hey Baby...wanna go see my (car, house, dog, condo, wiener, etc.)"And much, much more...accompanied by enormous clouds of cigarette smoke (another aid to a good philosophical discussion).We sat and chatted and had a couple of pops...and I would have said that The Vig was A-OK...except for one minor philosophical disagreement...you, Mr. Waitperson, don't get to unilaterally upgrade my order to something far more expensive!I had no idea who was going to be buying (although it turned out to be me) and I ordered J&B with a cube and a splash (I didn't want to put the hurt on my philosophically minded buddies by ordering the expensive stuff:)...but when the waiter brought my drink, I knew instantly that this wasn't J&B...it was Macallan 12!And while I do love it so, it was almost 3 times as expensive as the J&B...I asked the waiter why he didn't bring what I ordered and he said...and I quote..."quote"..."The bartender is a scotch guy and said this is better"...end quote.No sh*t!I quietly said "I didn't order the Macallan...are you saying this is going to be the same price as the J&B?Oh no...it wasn't:(But as my waitperson said..."It's already poured...what do you want me to do about it?"I could have made a scene, caused a problem, left a $0.10 tip...but I didn't...this was philosophy night...I was in a philosophical mood!And my philosophy is this...I have a giant problem with any establishment that pulls this kind of crap...it may only be an isolated incident, but it could also be systemic....how many drunks check their tabs?I know, you're saying "well, Donald, it's only the difference between $5.50 and $14.00 for that drink", and you would be right...I spill more than that most days:)But I get to decide what I spill it on...not the bartender and waitperson at The Vig. At best it's corrupt and at worst, it's, well...worse than corrupt.
4	Recommended by the hotel I was staying at, this place rocks! Open seating and fantastic food... perfect set up! I had the Hot Chick, which was a perfect grilled chicken sandwich with arugula, roasted tomato and smoked mozzarella served with spicy avocado spread on ciabatta bread. Topped that off with their sweet potato fries and you will be in heaven!
4	The Beautiful Carin and I are collaborating on a writing project.The project is titled "Spanxx, the Unenthusiastic Stripper"...it will be beautifully illustrated, in delightful and fanciful watercolor's, designed to inspire the imagination:)It's a children's book:)The first of series, really, about "Spanxx", a delightful "seasoned citizen" and her misadventures trying to make a living in this economy:)We took a collaborative meeting at The Vig last Saturday.I know what you are going to say, after reading my earlier review, you are going to ask, "Why would you go back to the Vig, Donald?"I would ask the same question...the answer,  is that one of the owners of The Vig sent me a note, apologized for the problem, assured me that what I experienced was not their policy, and asked me to give them another try...and he was so darned nice about it (and really, he was even nice about my review, which wasn't especially nice), that I couldn't say "no".I took Carin (who had no firsthand knowledge of either The Vig, or my review, although she had heard that the place was very cool from some of her modeling and acting buddies).We hit The Vig at what is likely the very best time to visit...early Saturday afternoon and got ourselves situated in one of the outdoor booths...a warm breeze was blowing and the martini's were flowing:)It's a different atmosphere altogether on a weekend afternoon...no cigarettes, no raging hormones (or at least if they are raging, they are doing so quietly...much like "Spanxx":)We ordered a hummus and baba ganoush appetizer, a Vig Cobb salad and the Pork Torta, as well as the aforementioned marti's and we spent a couple of hours having lunch and cocktails, discussing our project and laughing and discussing and laughing some more!And it was really nice...I mean really very nice.I asked Carin what she thought about The Vig, and she said "this is wonderful...it should be our "go to" in Arcadia"!So I showed her what I had written, and she said, as all supportive spouses should "You must have misunderstood"...meaning me...meaning that I was likely, even probably, wrong:(Well, I suppose I could have misunderstood...I may have misjudged...I am very busy solving very complex problems in my mind on a pretty much constant basis...and I had just been to my philosophy discussion night, so I was thinking about all that stuff...probably:)Oh what the hell...I was charmed by the afternoon version of The Vig, and since Carin likes it, I know that we will be frequent visitors. I'm OK with that...the food was good, the service was good, the atmosphere on a warm spring afternoon was delightful and it was splendid little spot to let the dishes and the glasses pile up.It takes a big person to admit they made a mistake...and humility prevents me from pointing out that I am a giant among men for theoretically admitting that I might have erred in my previous assessment of The Vig.A 2 star swing seems like a lot, but as I said in my earlier review, The Vig was at least A-OK, even at night...on a lazy Saturday afternoon, chatting, laughing, drinking and eating with the great love of my life, The Vig is easily a 4 star experience:)
5	By far...the absolute best place to be on a Sunday. Yes, it does get busy, especially if you go right at peak hours. Unfortunately, I work early on Mondays now so I can't par take in the festivities quite as much, but as far as a place to do some day drinking and enjoy AZ weather on the patio, it is golden. The half price bottles of wine are key...my friends and I will go there and get a bottle of wine for $12!! And we get to listen to live music too! Also, the smoked salmon plate is super yummy with capers, rye toast points and cheese... MMMM. I also love the guacamole and salsa which is a great finger food for a group.
4	We really like this place.  Great food, great drinks, friendly staff and a very friendly crowd.  Just sleazy enough to be fun.The food is much better than it ought to be for what is basically a really popular bar.  Tandoori chicken pizza, great salads, etc.Oh yeah and Hoegaarden on tap!  And a very nice smoking patio if you're so inclined.
1	I have to admit; the food at the Vig is actually halfway decent.  The service, on the other hand, is the problem.I recently ate at the Vig for the second time on a Saturday night.  I found the service to be slow and a bit pretentious.  Apparently my tip wasn't large enough for the waiter, because when my credit card bill posted, they had added a tip to my bill.  I called the restaurant on a weekday when I figured they would have more time to help me, and after 15 minutes on hold, they basically blew me off.  I was polite and calm on the phone.  I told the manager I was overcharged and that I was more disturbed over the added tip because of the service I received.  I kind of felt like it was a bother for the small amount involved, but to me it was the principle involved.  The manager asked me to share with her why I was dissatisfied to help her improve her service, but I didn't want to relive the experience, nor did I really care if anything happened to the server.  I just wanted the money that was mysteriously added to my bill back.You'd think you'd get an apology for wasting 25 minutes on the phone, most of it on hold, trying to solve their overcharging of you.  But I didn't.  Instead, when the manager started to bust on me for not sharing my bad experience (to which I told her I didn't want to relive it), she became very passive aggressive, hastily said "have a nice night" and hung up on me.I don't suppose I'll be going back to the Vig.
4	Ah how I love lazy Sunday's at the Vig.  After watching the soccer match we had a nice buzz so we needed a place to continue the great day so we decided to head a couple blocks up the street to the Vig.  We sat outside on the patio which was nice warm but the misters made it very comfortable.  We got the crab artichoke dip to share and all started with $3 Peroni's that were on special.  The dip is always great.  Very good flavor lot's of crab meet and the little chips that they give you to dip are amazing.  After a couple rounds of beer we decided to take advantage of the half off bottles of wine.  We ordered two bottles and just chilled for a few hours enjoying a lazy Sunday funday.
3	Cool atmosphere' pretty decent menu
4	My friend took me here for lunch before catching a flight, it's so close to the Phoenix airport. Their Greyhounds are made with fresh squeezed grapefruits - making it a delicious AND healthy midday cocktail! Hummus with warm pita bread and the steak salad were very good. Didn't have a lot of time or room to try more plates but the menu was interesting and diverse. Nice ambiance. Quite the spot for lunch on a Thursday or everyday, I hear.I personally would have enjoyed it slightly more if they lowered the house music.  But that's just me.I will be back fo sho.
4	cool atmmopshere, great sweet potato fries!  love the hugh patio on nice days, a great cocktail lounge with a fun menu.
4	Awesome evening last night. Went there for a friends Birthday; and received the royal service. Not only a free delicious desert for Birthday boy; by happen stance we met the chef who was kind enough to buy us a round. Awesome cast and crowd with live music in a beautiful setting. I don't like to recommend food but the scallops were awesome!
1	The Vig sucks!!! The manager at this establishment, Pam, kicked me out because her bad excuse for a waitress, Kate Lynch, was so inappropriate as to tell my friends mean things about me. This was not only inappropriate but unneccessary. She did NOT need to tell my friends anything!  For me to get kicked out as a result of this is absurd!  I would urge everyone to not go to the Vig! It is a BIG mistake to ever go to the Vig, the more people I deter from going there the better! Maybe it's time to break out the markers, make signs and pickett the place so that everyone knows just how unfair it was to kick out a customer because their waitress felt like getting even.
4	The Vig is a great spot for lunch, dinner, or late-night for some damn decent food, served up relatively quickly, and with a good variety of dishes to boot.We showed up around 9:30 pm on a Friday night and there was no wait, seat yourself. We chose to sit outside because the music was just BUMPING inside and we wanted to at least be able to hear ourselves over dinner. We found a nice booth with plenty of room for the four of us, and a waiter (Scott, who was very nice) stopped by within a minute or two, max, to tell us waters were all ready on the way and could he get anything else for us.I had the Love Me Tenderloin, which was this lovely beef dish served with these fantastic marinated onions & mushrooms, and this wonderful cheese-y potato dish of happiness. Overall, a good experience, and decently priced.My compatriots had the salmon dish, which was cooked spot on and served with an awesome corn-mash chorizo side, and the potato pancake, which was equally good.We cleaned our plates, played with some of the Trivial Pursuit cards on our table, and enjoyed a few beers. Overall, a pleasant experience. Our server was there when we needed him and kept our drinks topped off, and everything came out fine (minus a misheard-for beer early on that was quickly resolved).I was a bit disappointed that the patio didn't have any misters at all, as it was damn hot if you weren't out under the terrace where they have some cool ceiling fans, and the music was really quite loud even outside, though, to be fair, I think the booth we chose was right under a speaker. It was a live DJ, so I understand the virtue of keeping things up there, but it's a bit rough to have to shout to people across the table.All in all, we'll probably be back, and I like that their late night menu is served through 1 am.(Oh, bonus: they have lawn games on this stretch of lawn outside at the patio, including bocce ball!)
5	The Vig's getting upped to 5 stars. I seriously don't really know what I was thinking with the 4 stars.  I think I maybe thought it was a tad overpriced and I'm not a fan of M-F happy hours that end at 6, but I'm willing to overlook that because the food is all AMAZING and the Sunday Specials make up for the Happy Hour thing.  The staff is great. I lost my phone there yesterday and felt really bad bugging the busy bartender to ask if one had been turned in, but he was super nice about it. My friend found it under an umbrella stand though. Thanks for asking, I know you were really concerned. Our waiter was also awesome and the manager helped us relocate after this random dude who reminded me of the guy from Mask (the Cher one, not the Jim Carrey one. That would have been awesome.) sat down at our amazing Bocce Ball table and WOULD NOT LEAVE. It was seriously ridiculous.  At least buy a round of drinks if you're going to bogard our table, Ginger!  But I digress.The smoked salmon appetizer, the deconstructed fish tacos, and the Thai vings are my fav menu items. But I haven't had everything so that's not to say other items aren't equally amazing, because I'm sure they are.  Honestly guys, I think I'm still drunk from being there yesterday. Normally when that happens I hate everyone and everything, but I still love the Vig today.  5 EFFING STARS.
4	The food is good but the atmosphere is better.  A great place for a Friday Happy Hour after work or a Sunday Bloody Mary and live music.
4	The Vig is a great, upscale dinner/drinking hole with style, character and flair. The service is fantastic.  The food consistently good.  The parking absolutely sucks (so pay the measly $3 and valet it bitches!).Things I like about The Vig:- great outdoor patio with smoking section- great outdoor fireplace renders the patio warm & comfortable in the cooler months- consistently good service; attentive, affording, knowledgeable & friendly- hot bear DJ on Friday nites- bacci ball court on the side- Trivial Pursuit cards at the tablesTheir sweet potato fries with curry-mayo ROCK MY WORLD, and the grilled chicken sandwich ain't bad either!  In fact, all of the food I've tasted here is awesome.You can buy wine by the glass or the bottle and heir beers on tap provide a nice (if not somewhat mass-appeal) offering. I usually opt for the Stella on tap, but that's me.All in all, great experience and very reasonable prices.  It gets VERY packed in the evenings, espec. Thurs-Sat and as I mentioned, valet is a must.
4	Yum!  We met a couple friends at the Vig for their new Monday $5 burger and fries special - what a steal!  Add that to great happy hour specials and you've got a night out on a budget!I started with the lemonade while everyone else had a beer, and my husband was happy to see the Dogfish 90 minute on the menu. For dinner, I went with the greek salad with a side of sweet potato fries (of course!).  The greek salad was huge and came with some pita bread, so this was definitely a great choice for an entree.  The sweet potato fries were delicious, but I was not a fan of the yellow dipping sauce they came with.  What even was that?  No one could figure it out.  The boys loved their burgers and fries.  Definitely big portions!  Our service was so-so, but nobody seemed to mind.  It allowed us plenty of time to chat and just relax, which was nice.  I wish there were more choices like this in Chandler!  Until then, we'll definitely take the trek back to the Vig, especially when it gets cooler and we can take advantage of the patio.
4	I think 4 stars is pretty close. The wine list was good, but I though there could have been more choices with the beautiful wine cabinet they have in front. We chose the Layer Cake Shiraz and I felt like it fell flat after the tasting. No worries though. The Trifecta was amazing and so were the wings. Best of all, there was no waiting (we had stopped at Postinos and they had an hour wait on a Monday... WTF?) Overall we had a great time and it was chill and relaxed. Just what we were looking for on a Monday night after working all weekend. I will definitely be back. =)
4	First time eating dinner there.  Our table had the chips w/ guac and salsa.  Super app.  Followed by burger, hot chick, and veggie sandwiches.  All were great.  Good and attentive staff even though the place was packed.
4	I have only been here a couple of times and it was packed on both occasions.  This is usually a good sign of things to come.  We had a nice table outside by one of their gas fireplace.  Yes it was actually chilly in Phoenix!  The place was kind of loud but it's expected with the hip crowd.  There were a lot of business professionals there letting loose after a hard days work.  I was craving a burger last time and they delivered.  The menu was extensive with quite a bit of variety in cuisine.  Unfortunately this place is a bit out of the way for me so I can't go there as often as I would desire.
2	This is a great "scene" but the food was not that great... I had the filet and it was not  very tender and didnt have great flavor... but the wings were great... I think the apps are better than the dinner menu!  The patio rocks!!
4	I like. Atmosphere, food, employees, peeps, drinks, bathrooms I like. Parking, maybe not so much, but I'm over it. The sheer number of solid veggie options on the menu is enough for my vote of confidence. To also draft up a specialty cocktail menu that actually looks and tastes appealing to me is a rare and beautiful thing. Mmmm basil strawberry lemonade.Fries, portobello sandwich, korma, hummus platter - all of them hit the spot for a Friday night sampling. Though it was a bit busy (which was to be expected on a Friday night) and the waitstaff was a little stretched, the experience was fabulous. Good vibes over in the bocce court and great vibes from the people. The kitty was quite the chair hog for such a small furball, but that cat owns the place and is damn cute. I wish I lived closer so I could make this my neighborhood joint.
2	Some good ideas, though over-priced and over-hyped.  On the two occasions I've been the food has been nearly satisfactory, if somewhat dry, though definitely over-priced for what was delivered.  The Vig Cobb salad was good, the "Hot Vings" are what you would expect for bar food, but the tenderloin was anything but tender, trending a bit more on the dry, slightly overcooked side.Overall service left quite a bit to be desired.  The atmosphere can best be summed up by a comment overheard during our first visit in which a woman at a nearby table proclaims, "what I love about this place is that its just like Scottsdale...only its in Phoenix."  The bocce is a good idea and the patio is nice.  But over all The Vig comes up short.  Attempting to make up for lacking substance with style that just doesn't cover it either.
4	The Vig is a little too far away and a little too expensive for it to be a regular spot for my group. That said, I've never had a bad night at a Vig (there are two locations now - so be specific when telling your friends where you are!)It's a very cool atmosphere, but sort of hard to describe. I almost want to call it a classy neighborhood bar? I mean the look and feel of it is very classy, and you get the feeling you should dress a little nicer than just heading to a pub, but then they have games, like bocce ball, that make it feel like your neighborhood bar. Very cool. I could see this being a great default spot for a young adult, professional crowd. Especially if you live nearby. Definitely check it out.
5	I went to The Vig for the first time last weekend and was impressed. Food is great and the drinks are delish! It'd be a great place to go on a date or to take visiting guests while they're visiting az. I'll be going back for sure! Great experience and good service.
4	I stopped by The Vig for lunch today with some friends and I had the Deconstructed Fish Tacos and wow!!! The dish was a perfect size and so tasty! My other lunch companions had the Tenderloin Sandwich and the Greek Salad. Both were very good. Dining at The Vig has always been pleasant so this trip wasn't much a a surprise. P.S. I'm still hoping they bring back the Grilled Romain Salad as it was awesome! Looking forward to my next trip to The Vig.
1	Update 11/11/10. Hostess was stuffy and couldn't imagine someone would go there by themselves. So she sat everyone before me then asked me when the rest of my party was coming. No tables left, I sat at the bar not exactly in a great mood. Don't sit at the bar if you want anyone to pay attention to you. When they do, they won't be able to hear you, so they'll throw their arms up in the arm and not bring you what you ordered, until the next bartender comes along and says their co-worker "forgot". Service here must be consistently horrible. I keep giving it another shot and always leave disappointed and in a worse mood than when I came.True to form, the food was decent.  Not great, not good, but decent. But decent food + horrible service + attitude + getting elbowed in the head by the drunk guy standing next to you = no buenas dias for me.
4	I'm a regular at The Vig. It is a great place to hang with friends. It has solid food, good prices, and one of the best patios in town. I love that you can go there for a night out on the town or show up in flip flops to just hang out. If you haven't been you should go, you won't be disappointed.
3	The Vig is one of those places where showing up on a Sunday afternoon will not only get you an insane $5 Bloody Mary, but also maybe even a spot on the patio. Housed along 40th Street just south of Indian School, The Vig is a neighborhood tavern offering up a casual yet modern atmosphere with great drinks and well priced eats. All of these perks have their downside, the parking. If you go early you can get a spot otherwise, it's pretty much valet only, so don't forget a few bucks for a tip.Ask to be sat on the modish patio if you can, weather permitting. On my last visit the patio was vibrant with an attractive 30-something crowd. Once you're sat, the service is friendly and outgoing with well-paced timing between drinks and food.The menu layout is fairly straightforward though all over the place in terms of style. Seems the chef is going for a broad appeal venturing from Greek to Italian with some Indian and Mexican influences thrown in. This tends to be a plus and a minus depending on your personal tastes.A good example of this was the Flatbread Pizza with Tandoori Chicken ($10). Topped with baby spinach, sun dried tomatoes, paneer cheese, pear-cardamom chutney on naan bread; the pizza was complex and delicious. The sweet flavor of the chutney and tomato was a nice contrast to the savory chicken, cheese and crust.More of a straightforward choice was the Trifecta ($10). You get three perfectly cooked mini burgers draped with American cheese, grilled onions, pickles and spicy mayo, served with French fries. Classic Americana, you can never go wrong with burgers and fries.I didn't really understand the take on the Carne Asada on a Potato Pancake ($15). There are slices beautiful medium rare carne asada with guacamole, pico de gallo, sour cream, cotija cheese and roasted tomato sauce, then they put it all atop a potato pancake. I guess I appreciate the creativity of the idea though it's not like you can pick it up and eat it like a taco. Believe me, this would have been wholeheartedly welcome since the potato pancake was waterlogged.Another complete misfire was the Frenchy ($13). Their take on warm roast prime rib, pile it high on a gorgeous French roll then cover with fontina cheese and served with a side of au jus. Sounds like the perfect sandwich in theory, but to my disappointment, it was unsatisfying. Something went terribly wrong here since the meat was so perfectly cooked and tender, however it was completely void of flavor. The au jus echoed this, simply a cup of unseasoned beef stock. The only saving grace was the chewy French roll and the fontina; maybe a grilled cheese would have been better? The sweet potato fries that came with the sandwich had a perfectly crunchy exterior with a sweet and fluffy interior, some of the best I've had.Even with a few food misses, the service, vibe and overall cool factor making The Vig a great place for a date or just to hang out.
3	I enjoy the feel of this place - especially during the cooler weather.  Its nice and cozy with that upscale I'm not in PHX anymore feel.  Not to bag on PHX; I love the city for what it is :)  But you know what I mean!  The food is good, but I wouldn't say it's the best I've tasted.  Very heavy so share some apps or go family style...you'll be fine.  A glass of wine, please do, it's almost a must at this place.  Not the greatest wine selection, but it adds the allure to the feel I was talking about :)  Service, well it was there and they were on top of things.  There's a patio with a nice fire place - there used to be X-mas lights hanging from the trees and I don't recall seeing any this time - maybe a return with some friends and a bottle will refresh my memory :)  - enjoy!
4	I was happily surprised when my VigAzz Burger, fries, and brew came to a non-whopping $10 and a few cents...Turns out this is a special: "Every Monday, your choice of either The Vig AZZ, Arcadia or Burger Du Jour regular or sweet potato fries for $5  4 to close. Dine in only."Great modern atmosphere!! our waitress was super nice and accommodating when it came to splitting up the bill. I will definitely go back!i like.
3	This has become the Sunday afternoon go-to hangout spot in Arcadia. I could be saying too much, because the Scottsdale douchebag crowd may catch on and disrupt our awesome neighborhood hangout. I LOVE spending my Sunday afternoons drinking a few beers here. The patio on Sundays is the place to be. Get there before 2:30 if you have any hopes of getting a table. After 3, the band, and thus the party gets underway, and it becomes a good time.I've been coming here since before it was "cool" to be here. I've watched it slowly morph into a slightly confused too much to too many sort of place. It seems as though they don't know who, or what they are. The food, because of this crazy loss of direction has become "eh" quality. The menu is confusing, just in the read, then when you get this plate of confusion fusion, well, it just leaves too much on the plate. Again, I go back to the point that it is trying to be too much to too many. There are too many things going on in the dishes. Not in a bold, rich, dynamic, wow! sort of way, but in a "HELP ME! I DON'T KNOW WHAT I'M TASTING BECAUSE THERE'S TOO MUCH GOING ON!" sort of way. I suggest: Because I love the feel and vibe of this place. Settle down! Simplify the menu. Focus on making simple, flavorful and quality food.  This is a neighborhood bar, not a 5-star bistro. The Turkey sandwich is a perfect example of screwing up a fantastically simple, good eating, sandwich. The crab artichoke dip is hated by those who serve it, and incredibly bland to those who order and eat it. Take the simplicity of that dish, and figure out how to enhance the flavors in it. As far the service goes: I've had great service, and I've had abysmal service. Guess it's a hit and miss sort of thing. I will say that Scott is the best it gets there, and I make it a point to get into his section. Management has been rude to me on several occasions with a nose high attitude. I was asked to relinquish my table because my party hadn't shown up. Nothing that a polite, "No. I will not." wouldn't fix, however. Bottom line here: If you're looking for a fun place to grab a beer or glass of wine, and maybe a burger, with a great vibe, and fun people, this is the place. If you're looking for really great food, and friendly, hospitable service, you might want to go there first, then come to The Vig after filling your belly. 3 Stars. Barely. Because of the band and great vibe on Sundays.
4	I went to The Vig twice this weekend, and both times it was awesome.  On Sunday, I went for breakfast after going to the gym.  We sat outside on their gorgeous outdoor patio, right next to the fire.  The food was amazing (I had a sandwich, even though it was breakfast time - the sliced prime rib with aus jus - YUM), and the service was great.  On Monday, I spontaneously decided to hit it up for happy hour, and had an equally excellent experience.  "My" table by the fire was open, so we sat there again! Happy hour was awesome (wings were delicious, as were the sliders) Bonus - on Monday nights, you can get a full burger with fries (regular or sweet potato) for only $5!  They have bocce ball outside, and even the interior feels open and airy.  I definitely want to go back soon!
5	Kinda torn between a 4 and a 5 here.  Been here three times now and it's hard to have any complaints about the Vig.  I love the service, I love the ambience, and I am never disappointed with the food.  Here's the breakdown:- Seasonal Veggie Plate: 4.5 Stars, so good!!- Tandoori Flatbread: 5 Stars, loved it- Chips, Salsa & Guac: 3 Stars, not bad, nothing special- Hummus Plate: 4 Stars, very good hummus- Vigan Sandwich: 3 Stars, fine but probably wouldn't order it againThe Vig has slowly worked its way into my list of default places to go, especially late night.  It doesn't hurt that they have lots of vegan and veg options!
4	Been coming here since they opened the first day. I have always had a great experience here with great food and great staff. They have good specials during the week and a fun happy hour with a great group of people that frequent the establishment. Nice selection of import beers and  they are always very cold.
2	Ambiance is great.  Food is terrible.  I had a carne asada dish that went haywire somewhere between the guacamole and marinara sauce that were poured on top of it.  Not exactly sure who thought that would be a good combination.  Maybe Cheech and Chong?  Go for a cocktail, look at the pretty people, eat elsewhere.
5	Go on Monday get the $5 dollerrrr make you hollerrrr special. I got the Vigazz burger with sweet potato fries. My burger was delicious! Juicy and flavorful. The sweet potato fries were good, not awesome, they could have been a tad more crisp.I also got a cocktail that had strawberry and basil muddled with citrus vodka and lemonade. Very refreshing! I've had this combo before and the Vig's version was superior to what I've had before. Although it was $9 it better be good, right!?
2	While I can appreciate the appeal of having a disinterested, gay, hipster server who is probably really good at bullshitting about wine, I found the overall ambiance and service sort of off putting.  The boyfriend and I waited a good ten minutes before someone came over to take our drink order though I noticed the server eying our table long before then.  I imagine he thought perhaps we were NOT, in fact, disinterested, gay hipsters who could bullshit about wine but rather low-end Mesa kids tired of slumming it at the local dive so we thought we'd treat ourselves to someplace awful nice like The Vig.Except, The Vig is only "meh."The burger is worth it for five bucks on Monday, the fries are awesome, the drink specials are mediocre, the atmosphere I found a bit stuffy and unfriendly, the menu is all over the place with no solid direction or theme and the "totally modern, contempo art deco" bullshit bathrooms make me roll my eyes while I pee.I got a couple vodka sodas and they were lacking in the "alcohol" department which is sort of the only reason I order them.  They were also served in some stupid, pretentious glass. Overall, the experience seemed dark (maybe cause there were no windows) and sort of awkward and I found myself wanting to leave pretty quickly.  I can appreciate some hip little lounges where people go out to be seen and maybe pretend that the food is amazing; but The Vig is like the douche bag dude you see driving a BMW with his top down even though it's 6 a.m. and 20 degrees outside.  I assume his account is overdrawn and his girlfriend says she's an artist but really she's a server at Oregano's.I think what it is though, and I realized this as I scoffed at the sparkling silver, super modern sink fixtures in the woman's bathroom (with a door cleverly labeled with a giant "W" for women? get it? "W" is for women), that mostly I'm just a stiff drinks-cheap-food-sticky floors-tore-up-waitresses dive bar girl at heart.
5	Went on a weeknight and it wasn't too crowded, but perfect for getting drinks after school/work.  Had a glass of wine called kung fu girl, nachos, and mac n' cheese. The mac n cheese was sinfully delicious.. seriously, it was so creamy and rich, I felt my waistline expanding, but it was too good that I couldn't stop myself.  It was a little too creamy and salty for my liking, but that's because I like to eat a little on the light side.  The nachos were to die for- the pulled pork was a surprisingly good combination with the regular nacho toppings- definitely didn't see that one coming!  I'm waiting for a good occasion to try this place again; nice little romantic date spot I'd say ;)
3	I liked my VigAzz burger. Very flavorful and cooked exactly the way I asked for it. Most of the meals at the table looked excellent. I think their kitchen has it right. I would not hesitate to eat at a place that served burgers this good. I didn't care for the server's demeanor - not a lot of grace or courtesy. This place is run more like a night club than a restaurant or bar.  It is a very good alternative to clubbing. They have a gorgeous patio that I would love to spend time at but it was too cold to sit out.  The noise inside was deafening.  I could not hear the people at my table and I'm sure that we contributed to the noise because we had to shout to each other to be heard. The accoustics were horrible.The tables are cement slabs that didn't look like they could be cleaned very well.  This turns me off because my utensiles are placed on that unclean surface.  I'm not sure how bad that is if you compare it to eating on a picnick bench at the park but I didn't like it. If it was not for the great burger I don't think I would return.  It is a nice looking place and it has some things to offer.
1	I managed to go years without going back to this overpriced joke of a bar, but as they say, time heals all wounds.One trip back, though, and you can bet your ass it's the last. A mediocre burger, an adolescent grilled cheese (with American cheese, on white bread, with crusts cut off), a split side salad composed mostly of Iceberg lettuce, and a few drinks = $100+. Um.... NO.The menu straight up sucks for vegetarians, despite the little "We can accommodate vegans, just ask!" blurb on the menu. I shudder to think what that might entail. Certainly, more Iceberg lettuce. I hate that the parking is mostly monopolized by the valet service. Pretentious and unnecessary.The drinks were meh and the last one that came out wasn't even what I ordered. If you have fistfuls of cash and a desire to see and be seen, then by all means, go to the Vig. But if you're just average, neighborhood folk who want to sit outside, have some yummy chow and get your drink on for a reasonable sum... keep walkin'.
5	Not sure why anyone would rate this place 1-3 stars, seems pretty harsh.  It may be slightly pricey, but it has a great atmosphere, fun, trendier, relaxed, and the food is A+.  My favorite is the Vigazz burger with the side salad/ranch.  It's great.  I've also had their pasta tortellini, it was amazing but I didn't see it on the menu that last time I was in; I think they have some seasonal dishes they switch up.Great place for a group/younger crowd.
2	Cool Environment.  Expensive Food. Rude Staff.
5	I wish I could give this place more than 5 stars.  I'm surprised by the poor reviews.  I had the best and most unique sandwich in a very long time.  The server (Tessa) was fabulous, friendly and efficient.  I enjoyed the wine I ordered and everything about the place, as well as Meow Meow, the resident cat who makes herself more than comfortable on the cushioned couch.I had the "Love Me Tenderloin" Sandwich.  OMG!  It was absolutely DELICIOUS!  I have not raved about a meal at a restaurant in a loooong time.  It was juicy, tasty, messy, yummy.  I chose side salad with it.  I also had the edamame and took that home because I had to finish the sandwich.  It was that good.I came here from Minnesota to escape the winter.  A couple girlfriends are joining me here and I have been scoping places to take them.  I will take them here.  They will love it.  Yeah, it is a bit pricy, but I got much better value here than I did at Terroir Wine Pub.  Far friendlier service, more food and better food!If you are in Phoenix and dont' know where to go, go here.  It has a great patio, fabulous service, friendly staff, great food and wine.    You could go here and then to Postino before or after.  They are within a couple miles of each other. I loved the overhead music.  Not too obtrusive, just right.  Overall a FABULOUS experience!
4	Popped in for Sunday brunch and had the hangover helper which is exactly what I needed.  It is chilaquiles rojos, with scrambled eggs, carne asada, red salsa, tortilla chips, queso cotija, sour cream and pico de gallo and a over easy egg on the top.  Man it was spot on and I instantly felt better however suddenly I wanted a nap.  I was glad all worked out because I tried to go to Over Easy and Matt's Big Breakfast and the lines were huge so obviously it was meant to be.
5	The Vig is Arcadia's Neighborhood Bar!Swanky Vibe W/ Fantastic MusicConsistantly Good FoodGreat Friendly Service & A Price Tag That Won't Bankrupt you!"Oh Yeah"- Awsome Monday Night Burger SpecialTheir Burger is as good if not better than some of these over priced Burger Joints!The only draw back  it does get very crowded...Still The Vig is one of my favorite places to go for a fun night out...They did an excellent job remodeling this cinder block run down building to its 1960's splender... The mature landscaping with trees that hang down over the outside tables and the dim lighting candlelight ambiance set the mood. Weather your out with a few friends or on a hot date this Resturant/ Bar will not disappoint you!
4	Four for the food and 1 star for being trendy.  On Sunday there was band playing out side and for over 100 degrees its impressive to see the patio packed with people. At first glance you can notice the kitchen prides its self for the presentation.  At first bite one can take in the many flavors and quality food. I had the shrimp and gnocchi,  that is complimented by a flavorful pesto sauce.  The atmosphere is crowded, everyone seems a little over dress up,  I guess I found myself in a trendy magnet, as I analyzed my desire to eat and like this place I have found out that I must be a trendy person.
3	I have been to the Vig a few times, and I I think it is hit or miss.  It is not a blow your taste bud experience and  I do think it is a tab bit overpriced for what you get.  However, for a great happy hour, drinking with friend taking advantage of Arizona weather this is  a great place.  The atmosphere is modern but a little laid back, but then again it would have to be if you have boccie ball!  The patio is were it is at, and I think there are more tables outside then inside.  There is also an additional bar in the back.  Food:  Overall the food is good, it is no blow your mind food but there are some strong items, I have had the following:Apps:Salmon plate - I really liked thisCrab and Artichoke dip - They use Crab with a C not with a K :)Dinner:Carne asada on a potato pancake - This is my fav dish here, bug fan of cotija cheese and gives the dish a great balanceAchiote Salmon and Chorizo Arepa - very nice spiceSteak Salad - I was actually a little disappointed with this dish, I think the salad dressing was great but the steak was overcooked and not enough cheeseI haven't tried the brunch but I am interested in what they offer.  I think that if you are looking for a chill outside bar with modern bar food the Vig is a fantastic choice.  The valet is a bit overkill - I can walk 10 feet to a front door, I think the valet comes into play because sometimes it is hard to get a parking spot, really is a bit unnecessary but then again I guess they are creating jobs.
4	Arizona definitely lack cool spots, but luckily they have The Vig. The venue has a nice patio area--perfect for warmer nights, but the inside tables are fine too.  My friends brought me on a Sunday night where all their bottle wines are 50%off... which is pretty awesome. The service was friendly and the food was legit. Try the "Good ol' Steak Salad" and Crabmeat Artichoke dip! btw the valet is $3.
3	This place makes me glad I'm not single, but I have met a few interesting people there.  Nice outdoor patio, food is average, drinks are ok.  Good place to gawk at the beautiful people.
4	I only had dessert and a drink here, but it was excellent. Our waitress was friendly and the patio was a real treat.
4	From what I've heard, The Vig is quite the hot spot for bronzed local youngsters to collaborate over food, fun, and the occasional dabble in over-imbibing on Sunday Funday. While I can't say I've had the opportunity to day drink in this lovely venue, I can attest that they don't do a bad job with the food + fun part.Popped in last night for a little post-work snack, and it's pretty clear that the place is a veritable who's who with enough good looking people milling about to to fill an auditorium of extras for the set of Bring It On 3 (was there even a pt. 2?). In addition to smiling 20-somethings with Adonis DNA, the food was also pretty interesting and had options for just about every type of eater (carnivorous, health conscious, vegan, et al.). Because I've been on a bit of a plant kick as of late, I went with the Vigan (very clever working in the name of the establishment with the sandwich itself), and while I did have to ask to remove the Mozzarella cheese to make it a truly vegan entree, the sauteed portabella mushrooms, squash, red peppers and caramelized onions sandwiched between soft, rectangular focaccia with a side of onion rings was enough to leave me satisfied while wading in unknown dining waters. They also featured a pretty impressive 5-spice edamame appetizer, but their guacamole left a little to be desired. I take my whipped avocado seriously being that I hail from the avocado capital of the world, and while it's much like pizza in that even bad guacamole is still pretty good, it certainly fell somewhere towards the bottom end of the bland spectrum.On a nice night in Phoenix, something I experience very, very rarely in San Francisco, I can't imagine there are many better places that offer up a sprawling patio like theirs to soak up a warm evening in the city. In the immortal words of Charlie Sheen, "Winner!"
3	4 stars for environment, 3 stars for food and drink, 2 stars for the people there.The place is really nice, love the decor and the outdoor seating. Tons of seating, just a really nice ambiance. They had a band playing good music and I could see this being quite a good first date/romantic evening place.However, I was just in town on business and on this particular Saturday night, I could just feel the schmoozy dude/ fake valley chick vibe. I guess if you're in to that vibe it might be cool, but it seemed like everyone was there to just be a scenester  and show off. I'm in for "a night out on the town", but maybe this felt a little too LA to me. Sorry LA.The food was good, had the ribeye steak which was cooked properly with a great sauce on top, but the quality of meat was only so so. It also had cauliflower and potatoes on the side, both of which were good. There was a good selection of booze, and they carry Stella which is always my go-to beer to go with a steak. The price is quite reasonable, beer and a steak for $25 is okay in my books (or maybe I'm just used to Bay Area, CA prices?)
2	My favorite thing about this place is the decor. It is crazy beautiful.I also like that you can get better than average bar food until late and there are so many places to sit, you'll never have an issue with waiting.Their food is okay, but nothing spectacular. I used to live in Arcadia, and I miss it every day. If I were to move back to Phoenix/Scottsdale- I would never even consider a different neighborhood. Across the board, it is the friendliest and most beautiful neighborhood in Maricopa County.That being said- The Vig represents the lame element of the neighborhood. People with too much money and bad taste. I think someone else called it "schmoozy" and that's exactly it!As a neighbor, we usually rode our bikes- so I can't speak to parking. Do they not still have the shuttle?Give me The Great Escape, JTs or Postinos any day.
4	Loved the comment about Adonis DNA by ruggy j. Classic (for the next two weeks, anyway).This place (in Arcadia) feels urban-hipster meets ultra lounge, but only because the dark bar area makes you feel hugged in anonymity, the booths create a sense of intimacy, but as you get closer to the windows and patio, the space opens up and feels far more festive.On a dreary Thursday, I met a friend for Happy Hour to work through the day's torment, and was pleasantly surprised by $3.50 pints of Deschutes's Mirror Pond Pale Ale on tap! Yay, Happy Hour, and yay, draft Mirror Pond!  Surprisingly, I found myself scanning the bar menu and decided to snack on something while enjoying my frosty beverage.Lo, and behold: Half-price noms!  The Trifecta was for me (three sliders with fries), and I was not disappointed with the pile 'o' fries and the tasty burgers.  A filling snack for the price of a USD Lincoln, and it kept me sober for the next two rounds to follow.Our bartender was top-notch, with incessantly-fast service without hovering. (Thanks for not being there when I made my controversial remarks about wait staff, BTW!)Short-and-sweet: Good food, marginal parking, excellent people-watching.
2	I struggle between two and three stars...but the D Bag count dropped them a star.  Sure can't blame the place, but I can decide I don't want to go based on the clientele, and let's face it, this place is Arcadia D Bag/Drunk Frat/Wanna Be Central. So, 2 stars.On a quiet night or lazy afternoon, it's not so bad and the Vig Rig is a great idea (more places should take the idea and run with it).  But, on a busy night, ugh, save me.  Also, not so bad if you can get a booth and watch the sights, which is usually jaw dropping ridiculous.  Do people know that trying to be cool, is not cool?  Just chill brah!  That woman could care less about your tribal arm band...but trust me, you can find someone here who does care.Food is so so. Simple done well is better than unique done OK...and the Vig tends to lean towards the unique side. Service ranges from good to OK.But, sorry, the drunk D's playing bocce and talking at a volume so that they can be heard at Chelsea's Kitchen...yeah, costing em stars.
4	I really liked the Vig.  the atmosphere was really cool, great outdoor area.  good beer selection and the food was pretty good.  not a lot of vegetarian options, but we made do with a greek salad with the chicken taken out and onion rings.  we'll definitely go back.
4	When the Vig opened, we all thought we'd died and gone to heaven. Someplace this cool, and we don't have to drive for a half hour to get there?? Oh man. Bocce in the back, strong drinks, they light incense to keep it smelling sweet despite the still-in-renewal locale, what could be bad about this?Now it's part of a movement, and not the shiny new penny in the bunch, but it still has a warm place in my heart. They have great happy hour, the patio with a fireplace is warm and inviting, and the interior of the bar has deep booths and sports on the tube. It's not the British Museum, but you just might want to plan an assignation here.
3	I figure it's time to review The Vig.  I've been there probably 10 times between the Arcadia location and the Uptown, and Sweet Pea and I met the gang up at Arcadia on Saturday night.Let me just say, I like The Vig- I don't love it.  In fact, I hated it the first couple of times I went there...more about that in just a minute.  I am not in love with the place like so many are, it just fills a niche.  It's centrally located, it has a patio, drinks, some OK food, etc.  I don't care about the clientele, whether it's hipster dbags or whatever- if I like the place and I'm with my crew, I don't really care who else is around.The problem with the place is the service.  It's not just indifferent, or bad, it's almost impossibly TERRIBLE.  My second experience at The Vig caused me to almost never return.  Sweet Pea and I were there on an afternoon, the place was pretty empty, and we sat there for 20 minutes before we finally reached out and grabbed a waitress's arm to get her to acknowledge us.  The waitstaff literally stood around chatting, and several of them looked at us as they walked by and kept on walking.  I mean, I've had better service at brasseries in Paris.Saturday was no different.  We sat outside, this is before it even got busy, and didn't see waitstaff for a half hour.  We sent someone in to the bar to get drinks.  We waved arms frantically as we saw waitresses in the distance but never coming over.  Finally, I yelled out "excuse me!" to a busboy passing by and asked him if there was indeed waitstaff assigned to our section that evening.  He went off to get someone, and I watched her come out and start down the row of tables, stopping at each one, refreshing drink orders, taking food orders, and finally she's at the table right next to ours...and...this is where it gets good...SHE TURNS AROUND AND LEAVES.  I mean, it's like she's trying to avoid us at this point.  I had to send the busboy back after her, and when she finally showed up- no apology, no acknowledgment...actually, she seemed annoyed to have to even come to our table.  We were all being so nice to her when she did finally come, I had to ask why we were kissing this woman's a$$- so she would deign to come back to our table and wait on us???  Man that's messed up.Can it be that hard to find waitstaff who is both attractive enough for this super hip trendy place AND can serve me food and drinks in a reasonable amount of time??  I guess so.
4	I actually like this original Vig better than its uptown counterpart.  The outdoor area is definitely my favorite part and its much bigger than the Vig Uptown.  Although its a popular spot I have always had luck finding a seat outside and under a heater lamp! There is always the Bocce ball track too if your conversation runs dry :) Sweet potato fries are amazing as is everything I've had to eat there! Try to make it on a Monday for the burger and fries $5 deal!  There really is no point paying 7 bucks for Chipolte! I really vibed with the DJ last time I was at The Vig.  It was like every song he plucked off my Top 25 Playlist and dedicated to me. (In the least narcisisstic way possible).  Only downfall is the parking. They do their best in the awkward corner lot but you are pretty much forced to valet. Good thing the Vig is always worth it! *Feel free to keep the drinks coming too because the Vig Rig will take you home*  So convenient!
3	This place was pretty good. Good food for the money - but it was definitely not one of my favorites. The atmosphere is only so-so too. You must make sure to get dressed up before coming here, which I don't mind, but I also am not always into that sort of scene. I'd probably give it 3.5 stars if I could!
4	You cant beat the atmosphere here.  The Vigan was tasty.  I am not a fan of the wings.
4	I cant wait for the weekend!Somebody buy me a Vig shirt...i will be the dumb ass poster child wearing it around.Taking a quick break from The Vig Uptown, my mates and I take the extend trip to the original Vig. Letting the drama simmer down a little bit is my plan and exploring new lands is in hand. I really enjoy the uptown location, so maybe this place had no chance at the 5* from the beginning. Never the less here is what I like:::The outdoor patio is larger and chattier ::Bartenders are pseudo-dbags: All the making of ones but none of the characteristics. As for now a david duchovny wanna-be and a david beckham trying-to-be. I mean that in the nicest way...honestly. (disclaimer:_i am very picky with bartenders)::Made strong and legit drinks. (clap clap clap):: Saw three Suns players, Hill, Dudley, Frye (Ptown former Blazer-that's whats up)::Lastly, the music, not as good as Uptown but still solid.R\_NOtes: To the dudes coming out at the same time from the one stale in the men's room......keep it private. Gross and uncouth.
4	This is THE place to be Sunday afternoons.Live music, good food and drinks on the back patio.It doesn't get any better than this!
4	I like to come here for lunch dinner and every now and then i will go over there for.late nite fun!!!! Its the best thing to happen to quiet arcadia...lol...its nice to have a late night lounge in the area because there is really only scottsdale for night life...its not too crazy but its a good time...decent drinks its just very small...i like the outdoor area in the back! I hope this place stays for a longtime because it has truly be come apart of the arcadia scene...the food is pretty good too...their sweet potato fries are delicious omg!!! Their burger is pretty good too...i really enjoy the ambiance and the staff is very nice and friendly...its nice that they have valet because the parking is impossible hahaha...i truly enjoy this place its fun to go with friends and.great to have a nice lunch during the work week.  I love the deal on mondays...a burger and fries for $5 thats pretty d##n good...you should try this fun place...
4	What's not to love about the Vig?Highlights: personable waitstaff, awesome decor, beautiful people, delicious wine.Lows: I'll get back to you....   ;-)So far this place has done nothing but exceed my expectations.  I don't know what I loved more- the phenomenal food, the amazingly adorable waiter, or the ridiculously delicious wine.I cannot wait to come back here to try out the happy hour menu or a weekend afternoon!
3	Clean, hip, friendly and fun waitstaff and drinks that were just right! Check it out, but may i suggest that you try to sit in the shade inside, rather than the out in the heat and under an umbrella. There is a sweet outdoor fireplace that would be fun in the cooler months and evenings. Get this, there were two couples that seriously moved from table to table at least 4-5 times each due to looking for that perfect table. Too damn funny. Jokers.
4	Best Atmosphere for any hour of the day for sure.  Every dish that I have ordered there has been fantastic!  The pretzel bread on their burger is amazing!  The only reason that I give 4 stars rather than 5 is the service- I have had my order messed up and it seems to take a little longer than I think it should be HOWEVER they are ALWAYS busy so that needs to be taken into account.  Maybe they should have another server on, who knows, I am not the management :-)
4	Oh Vig, how I love you. Let me count the ways:1. Bocce. I mean come on. More bar/restaurants need to have some sort of interactive feature that you can play with your friends. Despite this place always being packed, I've never had to wait that long to play. AND if I wear my red suede heels, my shoes match the red team perfectly! Aaah the small pleasantries of being female!2. The food. I can't recall trying anything that I haven't liked. My favorite being the Hot Chick. I am a chicken sandwich fanatic and this is the best one that I have found. Ever. Slightly spicy with a generous helping of avocado. Dreamy. Oh and the curry aoli they serve with their sweet potato fries is to DIE for. Can I eat it on everything? Because I'd like to eat it on everything. 3. The drinks. I can't really say they're AMAZING, because I always have beer. I can get some of my fav standard beers, plus a few interesting cocktails if I feel like branching out. Good in my book! 4. The atmosphere/decor. Cute and attracts the beautiful crowd without feeling pretentious. The patio is lovely and they are always playing awesome music.5. The staff. Friendly. Quick. Flawless. A+6. I can walk there from my house. Seals the deal. In fact I love it so much that I'm going in about...oooh 30 minutes, for happy hour :]
3	Another one of those Arcadia bars that everyone raves about that I feel is overrated.  My friends who live in Biltmore drag me to The Vig often.  Its small.  The happy hour only goes til 6 and the food is just ok.  I have had the hummus, the burgers, and the sweet potato fries- nothing special but not bad by any means.  Service has been good.  The outdoor area is nice.  Thats all I have to say about the Vig.  I wish my friends would stop dragging me here and find a new spot.  Im bored.
4	Decided to venture beyond my normal territory within my own city with spouse.  It is a long way from Chandler, ha ha (20 minutes).I really like this place and its atmosphere.  Didn't feel like I was in a typical Phoenix establishment.  I always tell people Phoenix is loaded with chains and this place proves me wrong.I had the The Frenchy (good but not great), spouse had the The Good 'Ol Steak Salad (excellent).  I should have had the Flatbread Pizza with Tandoori Chicken, which I will have the next time I venture to that side of town.  The food was good and the place itself even better, wish I was closer for Happy Hour.
4	A great place to land for happy hour or brunch. I usually go to the uptown location, but this one is just as good. By the way, I actually did previously go to the bar that came before the Vig at this location: It was the sort of place that made Philthy Phil's look like the Ritz.
5	I won't normally give 5 stars, I promise.The Vig was the ideal way to end our night and final layer of the vodka sweater.Our bartender, Logan was a delight!  Did we have a sign on our foreheads: serve these gals lots of vodka.  The grape invader or perpetrator was ridiculous.The barkeep recommended we add tomato and basil to our order of grilled cheese: now that's love.Vig never disappoints.  Although, where was George last night????
5	LOVE this place. Great food and drinks. Love the music. Wednesday and Sundays are my favorite because they have live music.
4	I've been to The Vig many times for drinks but this is the first time that I decided to eat an entire meal at this place. I've been hearing about their $5 burger and fries special on Mondays so I made a dinner date with my girls and headed on over. Surprisingly we didn't have to wait for a table, even though their patio is the place to be it was a little too hot for all of that. My girls and I decided to go for the burgers of course! I ordered the Vigazz burger which came with arugula, Gouda cheese, bacon, sauteed onions and some sort of sauce on a pretzel bun. And since I'm obsessed with sweet potato fries I decided go for those instead of regular fries. I wasn't prepared for this gigantic burger and fries that was placed in front of me! It all looked AHmazing...and it tasted good too. I could only eat half of the burger and fries but took the rest home to have for lunch the next day. The service was so-so nothing bad but not spectacular...our server seemed a bit uncomfortable or nervous...maybe he's new?? Anyway very good deal for 5 bucks, I may have to make this my Monday night spot since I live so close :-)
5	Came out from LA to visit a friend here in Phoenix.... got off the plane and first stop: The Vig!!Everything on the menu looked so good... I couldnt decide... my friend said the Carne Asada was SUUUUUPER good. Sooooo, that's what I got and let me TELL YOU... it was BOMB. Carne Asada on a Potato Pancake: sliced carne asada on a potato pancake with guacamole, pico de gallo, sour cream, cotija cheese and roasted tomato sauceFor people familiar with the LA area.... this place has the same look, feel and vibe of Beechwood in Venice. Go here!! Its YUM!!
4	The street tacos are great. Just make sure you specify beef or chicken or you'll get whatever the cook decides. You must try the sweet potato fries! Half priced wine on sundays! Great patio with misters. Nice place for casual group on a weekday for lunch or a fancy dinner on Friday night.
4	$5 burgers on Mondays?!?! Awesome. They have great pretzel buns! For some reason, we always end up on the patio, which can be a little packed, but that doesn't ruin the experience. The only downside to the place is that service can be a bit slow sometimes, but I generally attribute that to how packed it is and they seem like they need one more server.Parking sucks here. More often than not, I've had to park across the street by the old gym (and not in the "reserved" spaces, they'll tow your ass!) and jaywalk.PS If you are into douche-sighting - you're in for a big treat. Ladies with postage stamp miniskirts and dudes with over-gelled hair, spray tans, and Affliction shirts galore!
4	great food, great atmosphere, and friendly service.great wine specials on Sunday.
4	Went for happy hour on a Friday based on the recommendation of a friend.  Got there early enough to get a table and beat the dinner crowd.  Prices were awesome and the service was great.  Food and drink great.  The only thing that kept it from 5-stars was the parking, noise level, and size of the inside.
3	Ladies, please be careful especially on a Saturday night. I was here last night (Saturday) with a couple girlfriends seated on the patio. We ordered drinks from the server who brought them from the inside bar so we could not see them being poured or who had access to them before delivering to our table. After just one Cosmopolitan I was barely able to walk and got very sick later than night. This has never happened to me before and I'm concerned something was slipped in my drink. Not necessarily by staff but possibly a patron at or near the bar before our drinks came to us. Thank god my girlfriends were there to get me home safely. Just a lesson learned to always keep an eye on your drinks from the moment they are poured... No matter where you're at!
4	Yummmmm! I had a deal chicken deal for this place, os the BF and I gave it a try this afternoon for linner (lunch/dinner). The place is cute inside... has that modern feel. I ordered the carne asada on a potato pancake and he got the hot chick sandwich with sweet potato fries. We also split a side salad. The salad was good, it tasted very fresh and the balsamic dressing was creamy and delicious. The carne asada was sooo good! Wow! The meat was very tender, I was able to cut it with a butter knife, and it had a great flavor of the combo of guac, spicy tomato sauce, pico de gallo, and cotija cheese. Then you add in a potato pancake and it is just a flavor explosion in your mouth. It was sweet, savory, spicy, creamy, and crunchy all at the same time. It was pretty awesome. The hot chick sandwich was also very delicious. It was smokey because it has a smokey cheese, but it also tasted really fresh from the veggies and the chicken was juicy. Overall it was a very good meal. I'll be back, especially to try the awesome 5$ burgers on monday and good looking happy hour. PS I have been by there at night on weekends to try to get a drink and it is super crowded... it's probably fun, but not my scene.
4	ahhhh the original Vig... it had been awhile since I've been here... I think I had a bad taste in my mouth due to the fact that last time I was here the bar gave my credit card to someone else (that person then spent more at the Vig on my card, then more the next day elsewhere). People make mistakes, I get it... The manager offered me a free bartab next time I was in to make up for it. I went back 2 weeks later and he had been let go, or left, or something.... But forgive and forget!I love this location, due mostly to the fact that it is smaller and more intimate, and has an ACTUAL patio outside! The menu and specials are the same as the uptown Vig, you can't go wrong with most anything you order, but me, I'm partial to the burgers and wings!! The cocktail menu is very creative as well, which is always a bonus!
3	Great on Sundays and for outdoor seating with live music. Service is excellent and the crowd is very Posh. Great for a Date and some wine
3	Okay for drinks, never eaten there.  I've only been there with my GF and her work buddies for drinks. I agree with the earlier comments regarding the Vig as being a place for people to see and be seen.  It's in a peripheral neighborhood of Arcadia and seems to aspire to be the equivalent of a Scottsdale club.  It doesn't make it.First, there's no need for valet parking.  This isn't the kind of neighborhood for it.  Take over the cheap Mexican place immediately to the north and let people park there.  Sorry, folks, this ain't Scottsdale.  A lot of people don't care to have valets park their vehicle in a midrange bar.Had two drinks, honestly poured, a little pricey--but then, you're paying for a "trendy", Gen X and Y atmosphere.  Beer price was all right.  The trouble is that this place seems to be a dive which is trying to reinvent itself as a "happening" place.  I'm an Arizona native, and could immediately wonder why a bar would put upholstered furniture on the patio in the middle of summer.  Guess they don't mind replacing cushions yearly.  I'll repost after eating there; thus, this is an incomplete review.  However, if you like to see either older women on the make or the younger crowd showing off, cool.  But this place might do better as a neighborhood bar.
5	I am a fan, I have to be, I live within walking distance.  I love so many things about this place, the band and half price wine on Sundays, the patio, the carne asada on potato pancake.  The onion rings are some of the best I have ever had in my life.  They have Stella on draft and a bar cat that always seems to want to cozy up next to me.  George (the Vig Rig driver) will take you too or from for a tip on Th Fr or Sat and he usually has refreshments in the van, yay!  Yep, I do like me some Vig.
4	So we went here on Monday to celebrate another milestone in my sweetheart's life. The staff there is awesome and even changed the channel for us to catch a little Monday Night Football as we did our unedited (and OH so funny) version of "Oh My God What Is S/He Wearing, Volume 2". I am a BIG fan of their Thai Sweet Chili Hot Vings. Those get 4.5 stars easily!We also had the edamame with their signature spice rub (very yummy, but towards the end it was a teensy bit *greasy* for my taste), the flatbread pizza w/ tandoori chicken, and the banana-nut bread pudding w/ ice cream.  I wasn't very impressed with the bread pudding, don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad, but I didn't think it was very flavorful, and I'm always on the lookout for the perfect one. (*note* If there is even the HINT of a raisin in the bread pudding, I will not go near it. I like raisins, some of my best friends are raisins, or something to that effect...just not in my bread *giggle*) I love the atmosphere here, it is a GREAT place to do some people watching, the patio is awesome, although I refuse to sit on ANY patio between July and September here...I'm already hot-blooded, I don't need to be reheated in any shape or fashion! Great place, great atmosphere, I'm a fan.
4	The Vig is a happening place it seems... The outdoor back patio ROCKS, I mean it almost makes me regret quitting smoking because that place is a dream for a smoker lol...Good drinks... Here's how I know this, I order a Greyhound (best drink ever imo) and the dude busts out freshly squeezed grapefruit juice, that makes such a difference, and it did not go unnoticed... What I think, is that the Vig owners need to open up a new North Scottsdale location, bet you it would go over well up here and the nightlife is dwindling... Plus that side of Arcadia is a trek, even from old town scene... Also, what is this I hear about the Vig bus? Apparently you can call and they will come and pick you up/drop you off (within reason)? That's pretty f-ing cool if you ask me...
1	so we go to the vig for big azz $5 burger night. we show up all mad men amped and ordered 2 glenlevits. i take 2 drinks out of my beverage and notice a fly floating like a dead fish. i let the waitress know, she seemed concerned and brought me a comprable scotch since they were out of glenlevit. im not picky, i promise. i didnt like it, but i drank it. as soon as my friends ice melted in his drink, he noticed 2 floating friends in his. he showed the server his glass, who had a face of dsibelief, as if it was impossible that 2 people drinking the same scotch could both have dead flies in it. so he tried mine, didnt like. asked her to bring him something else. we finish our drinks and his vigazz burger, and get the check. loanbehold the check shows 1 scotch, 1 scoth that was $5 more than the other and a comment about how we didnt mention $5 burger night... even though the menu clearly states it. my friend doenst mind paying $ for good scotch. he does mind when he gets a replacemtn scotch that costs $5 more. flies happen on accident, but bad service doesnt.
2	Staff was great, food good. Way too hot in there!
4	Tried this place today after buying a Deal Chicken certificate.  We sat on the patio which is just fabulous!  Lots of shade, misters that you can actually feel, and comfortable chairs.  I had some drink with "skinny" in the name...tequila, fresh orange and lime juice, etc.  Super good....and strong.  The bf said they had a great beer selection.  He had Anchor Steam which not many bars seem to have, so he was very happy!  I had the The Vigan....grilled vegetable sandwich.  Very good, but next time I'll order it without the cheese as it was unnecessary and I ended up taking most off anyway.  Fries were great....very skinny and crispy.  Staff was friendly and attentive.  We'll definitely go again!
2	I like the place for cocktails, but it has a horrible menu - sandwiches and salads.  The food is not great either.  Needs a new chef/menu.  Good atmosphere for drinks.  Lots of smokers on the back patio - ugh.
5	Best place to go meet friends for happy hour just get there early so you can grab a seat outside they fill up fast!
4	I've never reviewed The Vig?!!?!?  That's so strange.  Well, by this time in my life, I've eaten pretty much everything on the menu and continue to come back.  So the food is good.The patio is awesome.  Go on a slower night, say Monday or Tuesday, and find some chill musicians setting the mood with plenty of space to spread out.  Sunday afternoons are a packed happy mess and you don't really get to experience the awesomeness this place really has.If you don't want to valet, just park in the giant parking lot across the street and take the shoelace express on over.
2	We've been to The Vig a number of times, always at night time, always on the Patio, and never for food. Just for cocktails and to hang with the cool people. But today, we went to The Vig for lunch. It was a completely different, and very disappointing, experience.First off, for lunch you get to see what the place looks like with the lights on, so to speak. What used to be a cool and high-design kind of atmosphere (and that still looks that way at night) is really rough and showing some wear during the day. Dirty floors under our booth at 11:15 AM, the booths themselves looking a bit shabby, etc. We forgave them when what looked like a couple of great sandwiches showed up. Certainly not an inexpensive place to eat, though -- my roast beef was a $14.00 item all to itself. The food was "Ok to Good."Our biggest disappointment, and the bulk of the reason for the low rating I'm giving this establishment, is the service. Wow, was it bad. This woman could care less about us, and left us sitting there for 20+ minutes while we were trying to pay our bill and get out of there. Later, I found that her "who gives a s***" attitude was because she was locked in for an 18% tip on the prepaid coupon I brought in (we had a "Deal Chicken"). I think it's really a poor choice for a restaurant to trust its waitstaff to the degree where they write a gratuity into the promotion . . . This woman had no concerns, because she was up for a nice tip no matter what we thought of her caring, concerned attitude (sarcasm intended). We might try the Vig again, but I'll certainly avoid lunch and stick with a cocktail or a happy hour appetizer. My recommendation is to avoid ANY groupon/promotion with this business -- that forced gratuity doesn't give you the leverage to punish someone who should know better.
5	Met with a few friends here and had a couple of beers here, but the ambiance was so great for a Sunday afternoon.  I think  I would call it an urbanscape.  Where trees meet sky at twilight and there is a an outdoor fire crackling behind sterile glass in the center of this shady outdoor lounge.  Clienele look like a Ralph Lauren commercial...which isn't the restaurants fault, but we all like beaultiful things....  I can tell it get busier at night, but I can tell I prefer this place on a mellow Sunday afternoon.  Great concept!
4	The Vig is a great place to go if you want delicious food, a casual atmosphere, and the potential to meet a lot of new people. It's a restaurant bar, but the layout makes it very easy to approach new people and make new friends. They have bocce ball in the back patio, which is always a good time (especially after a few drinks). They don't usually have drink specials, but sometimes they do $5 pretzle bun burger Mondays, and that is the best thing ever! It has a really cool atmosphere with plenty of booths, trivial pursuit cards on the tables, and an expansive rear outside dining area with cozy fireplace seating.
3	I've been frequenting the vig since it opened, & can count on one hand the number of times I've had good service. That said, I got great service tonight, the sun night before labor day, from Thomas. Despite having to wait a little bit to be greeted, Thomas was spot-on from the start. Indulged my request to taste a couple wines before buying, had great food knowledge & descriptions, & overall was really chill & pleasant, even though I came in 15 min before the kitchen closed. (but over an hour before they completely closed; I refuse to be *that* person). Having had a crazy & late night @ work myself, this was a welcome change from the service I often get here. When you go to the Vig Arcadia, ask for Thomas!
1	It makes me sad to have to write this update... Almost.  Let me just start by saying that I am not all that difficult to please, although my bf may disagree.  But seriously, I waitressed and cocktailed my way through college, both in bars and fine dining restaurants which makes me almost TOO forgiving when it comes to poor service since I know how many things can go wrong that aren't particularly the wait staff's fault.  This was not the case here.    We arrived on a Monday evening to meet some friends for dinner and drinks.  We chose the spot expressly for the fact that both my friend and I had purchased Care Cards that benefit charity while giving you a 20% discount at participating retailers during Oct 14 - 23.  The Vig claimed to be one of these businesses.  Our party turned into about 7, and I had been seated for 15 minutes before our server came over to ask if I was thirsty.  I ordered a bottle of beer.  I see her next about 10 min later when she is delivering food to the table, although my beer is no where in sight.  She asks my companion if they want another, I politely let her know that I still had not received my first.  ANOTHER 10 minutes goes by, and my beer is finally delivered to the table.  In the meantime, my food had arrived.  They changed the menu and took my beloved seared sea scallops off and replaced them with Pad Thai (WTF?! there is no shortage of Thai offerings in the neighborhood) but they did add a few more healthy salads which is nice so I ordered a deconstructed fish taco salad.  This was the standout of the evening, and the reason for the 2nd star.  It is one of the best salads (healthy) I have had in recent memory.  Huge piece of perfectly grilled fish, crunchy salad with cilantro, salsa, guac, and black beans and cute little hot corn tortillas on the side.  As the evening winds down, we ask for the check.  My friend had presented her Care Card when she first arrived with her husband, yet when the waitress brought the bill, there was no discount taken off.  Fine.  We see her about 5 min later and remind her.  10 min later she comes back with a revised bill with a whole $4.20 taken off.  Our check was $200.  I was no math major, but come now. After another 5 minute wait, I asked her why only $4 was taken off, she informed me bc only what the Care Card holder ordered had been discounted.  This was also bullsh!t because my friend ordered more indeed.  I asked to speak to the manager, and informed her that I also had a card.  Nowhere on the exclusions did it say: will only discount on the items the card holder orders (the nerve!).  We are all one party, with one check - and if you are participating in a charity benefit- effing do so!  They are providing you with free advertising and 7 customers you would not have had otherwise on a Monday night!  I have to use the restroom, so my friend says she will speak to the manager.  I walk back to the table to see a brown haired dude (the manager) rolling his eyes as he walks away assuring my friend he will "take some more off".  We wait another 10 minutes.  I wish I was joking.  She comes back and presents the bill with $15 taken off the total.  I have never experienced such poor service and attitudes.  Sadly, this was not the first time this has happened in the year that I have lived down the street and probably frequented this place 2-3 times a week at my peak infatuation with the Vig.  But just like most relationships, what starts out all champagne and roses eventually turns into complacency and laziness which is why I am dumping the Vig.  It's not me, it's you.  You may look cute on the outside, but your personality sucks and I certainly won't introduce you to anymore of my friends.  I will never date you again, and I vow the only time I will ever contact you  in the future is if I'm already drunk and decide to meet up with you late night, but it won't mean anything.
5	The Vig is a kick ass bar in Central Phoenix and one of my most favorite places to go.So, what makes The Vig so special....Beer- Awesome selection of draft beers such as Stella and other great imports. Their bottled beer selection is also very good with the classic domestics along with a dozen or so top notch imports.Wine- Surprisingly good wine selection with a good mixture of whites and reds. The wine list is plentiful in both quality of the wines and quantity to choose from.Food- The Vig features a very unique and tasty menu. If you're looking for something light to snack on while you eat, the appetizer menu is great. Some of my favorite appetizers are the "Five Spice Edamame", "16th Street Tacos", "Smoked Salmon", "Crabmeat and Artichoke Dip", "The Not So Nachos", and the "Seoul Sliders". The "Smoked Salmon" and "Seoul Sliders" are unlike anything you've ever had and the "Not So Nachos" have the most amazing combination of ingredients.If you're a little hungrier and want to try a regular menu item, The Vig has some awesome choices. The "Carne Asada on a Potato Pancake" and "Gumbo Vig Vig" are both phenomenal. The signature feature of The Vig is their large patio area. The patio features a separate bar, large fireplaces to help you warm up during cold nights, and a bocce ball court. They also have live bands from time to time.Great drink and food selections, along with an awesome ambience, give The Vig a five star rating.
3	I like The Vig, and am sure I'll be coming back again in the near future, but in general I'm just not that impressed. Good food and a cool, laid back atmosphere go a long way, but annoyingly slow and inattentive service go a long way too. We most recently had a group ranging from ten to fifteen, getting lots of food and drinks... well... attempting to get lots of food and drinks... and the service was just bad. They would only take a couple drink or food orders at once, not the order for the whole group, and we would have some people on their third drink while someone else was begging to get a first... it was just frustrating... At the end of the day I think you should try The Vig, it is a cool place worth spending some time in, but don't expect any type of perfection.
3	Meh. Came here with a group (about ten people, give or take) to celebrate my friend's 30th birthday (woo!) this past Saturday. My husband and I joined the group a little late, but we knew they were planning to be there awhile so we ordered food anyway. The service was extremely slow and unorganized. Our server was so random about taking orders, and I'm not even kidding you when I say that after I finally got my drink (Malibu & pineapple), I was not asked even one time if I wanted another (and we were there for 3 hours). My drink was empty for probably two and a half hours with not a single person checking on me. My husband was lucky enough to be asked once if he wanted another beer. And at the end of our visit, we had to tell the server what we ordered throughout the night. Didn't realize that was our job to keep track? So yeah, service was a one in my book. But the food - so good! I ordered the mac & cheese (don't judge!) and it was amazing! And only $5 - yay! My husband got the wings and he liked them a lot. The place was nice and all, but at nine the music started bumping and I'm just too old for that shit anymore. Overall it was fine. We had a lot of fun, despite bad service. I'd go back with a group, but probably would never recommend or suggest it to anyone.
4	Excellent food, but everyone is right, slow service. I had the southwestern salad; the chicken breast didn't have one dry spot in it. Everyone at our table was happy with their food and drinks, and per suggestion of another yelper, the sweet potato fries ARE good, especially with the curry sauce.
4	There's nothing I love more than getting pumped up at the gym, orange-tanned at the salon, putting on an age inappropriate graphic T, and jumping in my leased foreign sports car/sedan on a beeline for The Vig. It's got all the things I enjoy: dim lighting, swanky cocktails, vaguely ethnic food, servers and bartenders who are way cooler than me and know it, patrons who look you up and down then roll their eyes, and piped-in music no one actually likes. It's a great place to treat everyone else like shit...Scottsdale ambiance, with Arcadia convenience! If you're looking for a kick-ass time, and if you're 45 and still say "kick-ass," you'll love The Vig, bro. Great patio, too. Kick-ass.
4	Lunch with Libby!  Excellent variety, great service!  Had the deconstructed fish taco salad. Good but fish dry/overdone.  I would go again & try one of the many selections. Thanks for a fun time Libby:)
4	Great place for drinks and good food
5	ok i gotta start saying that the vig is one of my fav places to go n have a great time,the place has great specials on wine,beer and food, i usually go to arcadia on thursdays, they have a great dj and i go to uptown on fridays when they have the same dj also ;)the decor and staff are awesome as well .....if you are looking for a place where you can talk,eat,drink and listen great music in a mature atmosphere the vig is your place.
4	I'd bet on The Vig. (For those who don't know; a vig is the amount a bookie takes when you win a bet.  Don't ask why I know this).  While it may just appear to be another trendy gastropub in Arcadia, it does provide good food, good drinks, and a fun vibe.  And if you're looking to save some cash, Local dines has a great deal for this place.  $30 for $15 (https://www.localdines.com/?ref=19485).I had a "love me tenderloin" sandwich.  The pork was cooked a little dry, but the dijonaise sauce, onions and mozzarella moistened it up and added some great favor to the sandwich.  The pretzel bun was nothing short of awesome.  And I certainly couldn't say no to a side of sweet potato fries (one of several side options).  My friend had a burger and fries which he seemed to enjoy.Like a lot of places in Arcadia, it's interior is kind of small but there is a large outdoor seating area.  The parking lot is also very small and you really can only park by using the free valet.  It's also right next to a neighborhood, so you'll see someMy only complaint.  The server has a little less than stellar.  While he seemed nice.  He disappeared after our food arrived, and we didn't see him again until we finished eating.  Would've been nice if he checked on us once or twice in between.
3	I am a little torn on this one. The food was pretty good, and there were lots of options... The service was just SO BAD. Having been a server, I Expect better than what we got here. The waitress seemed irritated to have to bother with us, and everything was slow to come out. But again, when it did come out it was great! Patio is gorgeous, the people are just pretty pretentious.
4	I usually go to the Vig on 16th st, so I decided I would try this location.  First off I got here around 5PM on a Friday night so needless to say it was VERY busy!  We just decided to hang out on the back patio and have a few drinks, even the back patio was PACKED!  Great priced wine and delicious food!
5	Caesar's service was fun, attentive, and informative.  My lady found his smile intoxicating.
3	The Vig has a great happy hour! I've come at non happy hour times, and it is pretty good... however, the prices are somewhat high for the quality. Their drinks are also tasty.The service here is pretty good. I have had a rude server a time or two, but I've also had very sweet servers too.And their drink specials on Sunday morning are nice!
5	Love this place. Food and drinks always delicious. I live closer to the Uptown but like this one better. Awesome atmosphere- perfect for a date, girls happy hour, or meetings with clients. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants. The patio is awesome and super relaxing.Always good looking people at both locations!
2	The Vig was just okay in my opinion.   I met some friends there for happy hour  on a Friday evening and it was packed.   We did get the drinks/app specials, and all the food we tried was just okay.  The atmosphere was your standard trendy bar/meat market. (i.e. A lot of people trying waaaay to hard to look and act cool.)  We had a good time, but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go back there anytime soon. The people I was with we're great, but The Vig  itself was 'meh'...certainly nothing special.
4	So here is my take on the Vig, if you are trying to "not be scottsdale, but really you are scottsdale" the VIg is the place to go.  Its for the "hipster scottsdale crowd that thinks they are escaping scottsdale only to realize everyone from scottsdale is there, ha ha.  I am not saying i don't like this place  . . . . but for being in Phoenix there were a ton of Scottsdale LA Fitness guys from my gym there, weird?Anyway time for my real review.  They have awesome happy hour food at cheap prices.  So a great place for dinner/hh.  When the weather is nice its good to go, since the majority of the bar is outside.  I like the crowd at the VIg, a bit older (27-40) and more refined, he he.  Another pro they offer free rides home if you get too drunk, so drink up!
3	Ok, so here's the deal: I really love their half priced bottles of wine on Sundays and because I am Italian, the bocci court is a nice touch...but that's kind of it.  I think the food used to be way better and the service is, more times than not, lackluster. Maybe it's the atmosphere...I'm not a fan of the whole Scottsdale scene and this place reeks of Bro.  I just think in a town where there are so many new restaurants popping up, you gotta step up your game.  Get some more vegetarian options or revamp the menu with something a little more fresh.  I won't refuse to return, but it is definitely not on the top of my list.
4	Went there to celebrate a friends' birthday. I really liked hanging out on the patio. It has a ton of tables and a fireplace and heaters. The outside bar is kind of limited in selection, but the DJ was good. The inside bar was busy, but could still order drinks in a reasonable amount of time. I tried the pork nachos. They were decent, not wonderful. Good selection of beer and wine. Overall this place is pretty nice, dress appropriately.
4	Came here for dinner on a Sunday night without a reservation. We were seated quickly in the outdoor area which was cute & had laid-back loungey feel. In the middle was a fireplace blazing, and there were couches that people were hanging around on. Started off with an order of pork nachos which was surprisingly good. I ordered the "Vigan... but not quite Vegan" sandwich (grilled portabello, yellow squash, roasted red peppers, onions, Barbarella, and sun dried basil peston on ciabatta). The sandwich was delicious, but I would skip the fries. The other entrees that were ordered were the Hot Chick sandwich (grilled chicken, arugala, roasted tomato & mozzarella, spicy avocado spread on ciabatta), Flatiron Steak Torta, and The Frenchy (prime rib on a french rolla with fontina cheese & au jus). Everyone loved their meals, but it was definitely a lot of food!The inside bar area was more of a sports bar, but it was nice that you had the option of either type of scene. Overall it's a nice, more upscale looking place to eat & drink with good service & atmosphere.
5	Love the VIg! Great food and atmosphere! Its a great mixed crowd and I love the live bands on Sundays! Awesome patio!
2	The food was good. The service sucked! Our server 'Ceasar' was super nice when he first came to the table. However after our entrees were delivered, that was the last time we saw him. I have never, ever....ever been somewhere that let's a beer glass go completely empty. Let alone a glass of tea, which both happened. The busser actually filled my husband's tea, and another server came and offered us boxes. Then I was finally offered a 2nd beer after I was about 97% done with my meal.It is a shame, because the menu was inventive. We would have tried other items, like we were going to order dessert, but due to the neglect we will not be returning.
4	The Vig has a GREAT patio with outdoor lounge furniture, fireplaces and heat-lamps creating a great ambiance whether for a romantic evening or a chance to chill with some friends.  The inside is small, with little seating, so I don't really recommend it.  The service is impeccable, walking the fine-line of attentiveness without being overly attentive.   The live music at the Vig is very enjoyable and not played too loud, so you can still carry on a decent conversation while enjoying the backdrop of some IMPRESSIVE musicians...Last night I was there, the lead guitarist and singer from the Gin Blossoms were playing :)
5	One of my favorite places to hang out and get a bite to eat. Good food, atmosphere, ect. An all around plus for me!
2	While I enjoy the food and atmosphere, the service needs improvement.  My biggest complaint lately has to be the rude hostess.  We had business clients in town this week and wanted to seat a party of seven for lunch.  Since they don't take reservations, I called about 15 minutes ahead to give them a heads-up we were on our way.  I did not realize that a coworker also called 15 minutes prior for the same reason.  When we arrived, the hostess seemed really put-out that we had called her TWICE and generally had such a rude demeanor that even our out-of-town clients commented on it.  Then she proceeded to seat us at a table that was too small to accomodate 7 people.  We actually had to squeeze 2 people at the head of the table, which was very uncomfortable.  Seeing as how the restaurant was half empty, I think she could have been more accomodating.  The host/hostess is the "first impression" for any restaurant, and this woman was definitely a sour note.  Perhaps the Vig should make her a dishwasher instead?
4	It was a warm sunny Sunday, and with out of town friends in tow, I chose The Vig. Having never been there it was chosen solely by reputation and lots of good word of mouth. We also wanted someplace to enjoy with a patio. We self parked and were quickly greeted by the valet who wanted the keys and offered a ticket, that's fine, and he was very polite. Upon entering My first impression was great, they offered a 45 minute wait for a table, that didn't seem to bad, as the Vig had a great Vibe. The live band on the patio mid day Sunday was a nice touch, and something not seen most places. The host suggested our large group take the corner of the bar as she was about to seat the girls sitting there. That also was a nice touch. The ambiance was great and the lively atmosphere kind put me at ease and in the party mode at the same time.The First snag came with the party mode because bar service was sluggish at best, and I cant stand to wait for a drink or compete with the regulars and hot chicks for drinks. Thankfully after the regulars and hot chicks got there drinks we were served. We all wanted margaritas and wine, and come to find out both were on special. NICE and worth the wait !!!.Once seated in a tight booth by the door we ordered appetizers and lots of them, most were good, but the tandoori flat-bread was stellar an easy 10, but the sliders hovered near a 5 on a ten point scale. I wasn't fast enough for a taco but heard they were great.Why have I waited so long to get to The Vig? I have no Idea, but it will only be a week before I return.
4	My wife and I met up with some friends for drinks at The Vig, after they retuned to Phoenix from their rotations in New York City and Toledo.  The four of us enjoyed drinks from the menu, as well as a nice 12 year old rum, that was smokey and easy to sip.  Our waitress, as well as all of the other waitresses, was incredibly nice, and strikingly attractive.  The price was reasonable; not terribly cheap and appropriately moderate.The Music was up to date, as far as hipster and electronic rock is concerned in America.  I find myself a connoisseur of this music genre and was surprised to hear some wonderful songs that are the mainstream in the Sweden and Norway Chill Lounge scenes, but not so much in our wonderful country.  I tried to find the DJ, to ask the name of a song, however they were no where to be found.There was only one problem that would occasionally happen anywhere as great as The Vig.  After returning from the restroom, and having a wonderful conversation with some strangers, two out-of-shape sandle-and-short-wearing gangsters decided to stand with their rear ends a few inches away from our table, as if trying to get the attention of the three women sitting there, who happened to be with me .  When asked to move, after I returned, gangster-el-numero-uno refused, so that I could not return to my seat.  After returning his inability to comprehend that I was twice his size and my left foot had more depth than his entire vocabulary; with a glaring look representative Harry Callahan, I said softly, "Get out of here".  Gangster-el-numero-dos grabbed his buddy and left.  Some great things I noticed, that stood out to me the most; the crowd was well dressed and seemed to range from their late-20s to their early-40s, like something out of a fashion magazine meant for real people with real sizes and real haircuts.  Everyone seemed friendly and genuine and most importantly, happy to be out and at The Vig.  The fire and heaters were a pleasant touch, given the chilly evenings in Scottsdale during our early Spring weeks, some well deserved warmth. Overall, I would recommend The Vig to those that care about the type of evening place they go to, to meet friends and enjoy a well put together drink or a well poured scotch, rum or, brandy.  I'll certainly be returning there with my wife and friends.
4	I am new to the city.  As I am getting around to meeting people and socialize I seems to always suggest going to the Vig.  The first time that I went was back in Dec.  At first I was unsure of where this place was at.  That was the first thing that I liked about the location.  It is so unexpected. and once inside you get lost in the atmosphere.I love the food there.  I had the Tacos the other night small, but packed with great flavor and filling at the same time.  My drink never stayed empty with i really like.  I really like the out door space that the Vig has,  even when you are seated inside I sitll feel a part of the patio and considering the great weather that we have here in AZ thats its plus. The over all feeling of the place is somewhere that you want to be.  People are talking,  music playing, the staff is happy and energetic.  I feel that this place could end up being my local watering hole.
5	Love the vig, I just wish a few less people did too!  It can be tough to get a seat after work but it always seems to work out.  Parking is a pain.  You can either go to the free valet (just tip them when you leave) or park across the street.  If you have an extra couple buck I'd suggest the valet.  Quick, easy and frankly it makes me feel "special".Happy hour is stellar and everything I've had there is great.  Burgers, wings, salmon.Great beer selection and even better patio.  If you read my reviews you will quickly notice a theme of 4 things...  1. Love bars 2. Love patios 3. Love food 4. Love my wifeThis place satisfies all.  They have bocci ball to boot.Grab a cocktail, put on some shades and loung in one of their comfy chairs.Oh - staff is always on point from the bartenders to the bus boys.Oh - (another one, sorry) I heard the owner opend a bar called Little Woodys down the street.  Haven't been but if its the same guy I'm sure its a nice spot.
5	The best bar food in Phoenix. Actually, calling it "bar food" almost seems denigrating, this is just very tasty cuisine.Hot chick sandwich, best turkey, mahi-mahi sandwich, nachos, soup - all are excellent. I did not review this place until I'd eaten here a few times, because I wanted to see if they could deliver top notch quality consistently. They exceeded my expectations, which is why they deserve a 5 star rating. Happy hour ( 3-6 pm) has 1/2 price appetizers, $2 off wine and other drink specials. They also have Odell's IPA on tap, which means they are serious about good beer.Parking sucks but so does every other place in that area. Really nice atmosphere - good lighting and great patio, but can get really crowded at night, so come early.
4	Last night my wife celebrated her birthday with some of our friends.  We knew it was going to be a large rolling crowd so we contacted the Vig ahead of time just to give the staff the heads up.  It was a Friday night and we did not expect to be able to reserve a space on the patio, so we arrived early and because of the sheer size of our group the Vig helped make our celebratory experience much more comfortable.  THANK YOU!!!  I am not new to the Vig, but I am new to this Vig, the original.  I can not praise this place enough for such a comfortable, casual, hip and yes an offerer of tasty fare.  The server we had was amazing, we took up one large table and ended up expanding to another small area on the other side of the patio and she was delightful and kept up with all of our drink orders and food orders.  I know we were there a long time, but the server was always attentive and always made sure we were well taken care of.  I was driving that night so I transitioned from my Stella to soda fairly early in the evening... my glass never emptied... our server was outstanding.As the evening drew on we moved from drinks and appetizers to finally eating something a little more substantial.  We had sliders, potato skins and nachos.  All great... those sliders... great ++Even later, we closed out our last tab and joined the smaller table as to not hold up the large table we were at and enjoyed each others company in a very relaxing atmosphere on the patio until it was time to call it a night. Well done Vig and thank you for the hospitality.
5	Came here last night with a fellow yelper and it was both of our first times here.  I've heard great things about the Vig in the past, and have been meaning to stop in for some time.The Vig is really a great little spot.  Plenty of seating, with a full bar and menu.  Staff here is awesome, and I love the way the place is decorated.  Enormous patio, decent bar seating, and plenty of great people watching.  Menu has a variety of options, and we went with the Artichoke dip with chips.  I stuck with a resling wine, and it was great.  There's TV's at the bar, along with plenty of space to move about.Place has a great feel, and I would gladly return in the future.  The parking here is a bit tight, and I did valet for only $3.  If you don't want to do valet, you can park across the street in the lot and stroll across.
1	The food is great. The service is awful and slow.
3	Nachos were huge, but soggy (mostly the good kind). The southwestern salad was tasty but incoherent. Great ambiance. Parking seemed like it would be a pain, but we just parked on a residential street a block away. The locals didn't seem to think this was a viable option.
5	The patio is amazing.  Staff is friendly and the demographic is young professionals.  Great place for happy hour, networking, meeting new people.
4	Mmm...came to The Vig last year when visiting a friend in Phoenix and had a fantastic lunch experience. Came again a few nights ago to experience the late night menu. We were in around 12:30am, and were promptly greeted with fantastic and quick service even though the place was pretty packed. We ordered the nachos with no meat and extra guac. They were EPIC. Some of the best nachos we've ever had. Full of toppings, crispy, warm, delicious, plentiful. Wow. Our friends ordered the artichoke dip (yum) and the edamame (good but damn pricy for an item that is usually less than $2 at most establishments). My SO ordered a margarita and it was alright - a little watery and the most prominent flavor was the margarita mix instead of tequila. Overall a fantastic joint with a great vibe - will definitely be returning. Looking forward to a round of bocce ball next time.
4	I'm new to the area, but I'll def go back to the Vig.  Delish food, drinks were made perfectly, and the patio was a great location to kick back and do some good people watching.
4	Looking for a place to unwind after a long day driving around this desert? The Vig is the spot. Yummy food, good drinks, laid-back outdoor space for dinner with friends, a mixer, or a working dinner.
5	Big ups to the Vig.  Sometimes you stumble on a restaurant so good you wish it was in your own neighborhood.  I want to give this restaurant a warm deep kiss--it excels at everything.  The decor: Mid Century Modern.  Cool and inviting.  The waitstaff: attentive in every manner.  We ordered the chickpea and pita bread for the table and our waitress refilled the plate three times!  The food: the absolute bomb in comfort food.  I could live on the spicy chicken wings: the best I have tasted.  The Cobb salad is perfectly balanced.  The Pad Thai: a complex flavor bomb of Asian tastes.
4	This is one of my favorite places to go to.  Delicious food and a great atmosphere.  I love the Trifecta appetizer!  I order it as a meal many times.  The Spinach Artichoke dip is good too (it used to be more amazing when they had crab mixed into the mixture, so sad that they got rid of that option).Keep an eye out for the resident Vig cat.
5	I have not been here in a LONG time.  I remember the burgers are YUM!  But The Frenchy sandwich on the menu was screaming "GET ME, GET ME, ORDER ME!".  But my friend saw that I was torn so she ordered the Vigazz Burger and offered to share.  So, I had 1/2 a Frenchy and 1/2 the Vigzz Burger.  WOOOOOOOOO....Frenchy - SO GOOD!  Love the dipping sauce.Vigazz Burger - The zing from the sauce, Yum!  Cook to perfection burger.French Fries - Love those skinny fries with the seasoning.The service was great!!!
5	Was in town for an extended layover late and just looking for a place to get a bite to eat with a friend. Wait staff were extremely attentive and helpful. The setup was awesome with comfy seating, TVs for the sports bar-like experience and the energy of a bar without feeling like everyone is on top of you and making it massively hard to hear. Wings and fries were excellent. Just a really well thought out place that I wished I could've brought home with me.
1	I had an earlier review of this place's performance at lunch which had a higher rating. Last night, however, took the cake. There was a horrible, really awful, stench out on the back deck of The Vig. It smelled like an entire family of rats had died underneath our table. It was the smell of death, or of a really dirty restaurant. It wasn't pleasant. Unfortunately, it started up as we were halfway into our meal. I know that the patio of The Vig is a popular hangout, so I am actually baffled as to what's wrong with manager Pam and others in management who hear about this from customers and yet don't do anything? They say "It's not our fault. It's the restaurant next door, with stinky dumpsters." As is true in the rest of your life, making excuses doesn't help. The only thing that would help is the complete elimination of the odor. Others were going inside the restaurant to eat. We stayed and finished our meal -- only later were we surprised no one had offered to move us inside as well. My guess is that if they had, about ten tables would have volunteered to move -- and they couldn't fit everyone inside if that was the case. I wrote a note on my check hoping someone would take pity on us and offer a free drink or something for my next visit. But no . . . Not even a call to management the next day resolved this. "Not our problem" was the response.Unbelievable.
5	Just had lunch with some associates. I can always count on the Vig for good fresh food and a pleasant atmosphere. We frequent both locations and receive the same quality service and food no matter.Thanks to the staff and ownership(s) for caring!!!
5	Since my life revolves around food - this is one of few places that serves shoestring fries, as far as I know, so I'll continue coming here until hell freezes over.  I've been here multiple times with massive groups of people.  Everytime, the staff has been extremely helpful and pleasant to be around, even when I'm sure it's a pain doing the check at the end.  Ambience is very relaxed in the outdoor patio/lounge.  Get some friends, some great drinks (awesome selection), and relax on the comfy furniture outside.  Oh, sometimes there's also a cat (owner's?) that hangs about outside on the weekdays.. some people are bothered by it but I thought it was kind of funny that it just ignores everybody and does a full-body layout on one of the ottomans.
4	Hipster is an understatement, but I learned to see past that and the "interesting" people really quick! After my first bite of the Filet-o-Fish and their sweet potatoes fries with that oh so addicting curry mayonnaise! Yum! I have also had their summer shrimp salad, steak salad, fish tacos and several other things. All delicious! I have figured out that no matter what I order, the chef behind the menu knows his food! They really understand how to create depth and develop flavors. By the way, their dinner menu is much better than their brunch/lunch menu, so go AFTER 2!Wish their service was a little better, but LOVE their food and would suggest this to anyone and everyone! A Phoenix Must try!
4	I love The Vig's casual, yet trendy atmosphere. It's the perfect place to meet up with friends after work, and can also be very romantic for a date. I've been on a Wednesday when an awesome live acoustic duo played covers of 90s rock songs (Oasis, Foo Fighters, & Gin Blossoms - you had me at "Wonderwall"!).The menu is awesome (fries of any sort are highly recommended) and the wine selection is decent enough as well. Service is always extraordinary. My only complaint? The parking is super inconvenient. But I'd park two blocks away for those fries.
5	I met my husband three years ago on the patio for Sunday Funday so I had to rate The Vig a "5". We met with Elvis Before Noon  playing in the background (the Sunday band that plays ever week) so hired them to play at our wedding. Needless to say, this place is special to us. I really like the food here although my husband doesn't - not sure why. I love the grilled veggie sandwich and hummus. Once he had the special, ahi tacos, which he said was the best he's ever had, but they haven't had it again! Food is good, great patio, awesome drink specials, and fantastic music! What else can you ask for? To meet a man? Well, you can do that too!;-)
4	Eat at the bar or the patio. Great place for brunch/lunch, the spicy bloody mary's and mac n cheese with broccoli or the shrimp and chicken pad thai are a delicious morning-after snacks.
1	Sent me home with a chicken meal instead of the vegetarian one I ordered and I didn't notice until I got home. Couldn't eat it and it was like 118 degrees outside so I decided to not go back. Called and let them know about this and the girl I talked to apologized and expressed her sympathy for me and told me that a manager would call me back to take care of this...Never happened.  Seriously can't stand when people or businesses say they are going to do something but don't. The food is not awful, but this is a part of the "Service Industry" not the we forgot about you after we effed up your order industry. won't be back.
1	I don't know what all the fuss is about.  Went on a Sunday right when they opened for brunch.  We both ordered the Healthy Omelette.  It had no taste to it at all and I swear the spinach had been previously frozen.  I guess when you order something labeled healthy you don't always get a lot of taste so I could have lived with that but geez...  When I pay $10 - 12 bucks for something that probably cost them $.75 to make, couldn't they at least throw a little garnish on the plate?  The omelette looked so lonely there all bare naked.  Hey, maybe a little fresh fruit or toast or SOMETHING?  Sprig of parsley perhaps?I ordered a side of toast to split with my friend and well - it wasn't toast because it wasn't toasted long enough and the bread looked (and tasted) like something I'd get at the dollar store.This was my first visit to the Vig (either one) so maybe the person doing the cooking was just having a bit of a rough start to his or her day.  Don't think I'll be back though.
5	They take care of me at The Vig.  My local hot spot where I take my clients sometimes after their massage with me.  The food is always fresh, the servers are continually delightful and my clients leave with a full belly and happy.Happy Hour is grand!  From 3 to 6 pm you can get 12 plump, juicy chicken wings with blue cheese and celery sticks for only $4.50.  I adore the wines, and they are only $6.  The Vig Azz burger is yummy.  YES, I like meat :-)  Veggies too, yet, the burger is cooked to order, fresh condiments, huge onion rings and the buns are soft ~I am hungry for it right now ~
5	My girlfriend took my out for a birthday dinner here as a surprise to see the bocce  ball, but it was under construction.  We showed up for happy hour and the place was packed.  We didn't have to wait long to be seated, but our server was swamped with a large party that had guest arriving the entire time we were there.  We shared the traditional wings, chips and guacamole, and sliders from the happy hour menu all of which were delicious.  Wings were crispy and full of flavor worthy of 5 stars alone. Salsa was a bit bland, but the chips were fresh and guacamole was tasty to compensate.  Lastly the sliders get the two thumbs up for being on pretzel rolls.  We each had a drink and still had a bill under $25!  I have to say I'm not a huge fan of the decor but that doesn't take away from the great experience.
4	The place is great for some drinks after work.  It has a great bar.  I love to sit at bars.  The back outdoor patio has a great atmosphere with glassed in fireplaces and lots of seating.  If you want to play some games they have bocce ball.  I went with my husband and we were sitting at a table and just kind of looking at each other like "ok so what do we talk about now".  Low and behold there were some trivia pursuit cards on the table.  We made up our own rules "Ok if you ask a question I can't answer I get to ask you for another question one time".  We had so much fun.  I think it's a wonderful place to frequent.  The food is wonderful and it's a great place to meet your friends.
1	I have been to this location on several occasions and don't know why we keep going back. I guess we keep hoping for a good experience Truthfully, the food is good and the patio is a great place to go hang out and enjoy a Sunday afternoon.  The service on the other hand is horrendous. We had a server but never got to order food because after drinks were dropped, the server never came back. Ever. I wasn't there when the drinks were ordered so I literally never saw our server. Pretty unbelievable. I realize it was busy but seriously,  staff accordingly. That was our last attempt to enjoy ourselves at the Vig..never again.
1	Horrible service.  Every time we go to the Vig our servers never come by to check up on us. Last time we went, we sat for an entire hour before the server came back again. It's a shame because we really enjoy the atmosphere and the food is pretty good.
1	We made the mistake of showing up at 4 o'clock on a Sunday afternoon. Live band was incredibly LOUD. Surprising that there was an open table on the patio, but were not greeted for at least 15 minutes. Saw lots of servers LOOK RIGHT AT US with no acknowledgement. Finally grabbed a busser and said, "we have not been greeted, 3 waters please." When she finally came over I asked for a reccomendation on perhaps a house cocktail? She said, "All of our drinks are listed in this menu." I know. I just had 15 minutes to read it. Had a beer and left. Really awful. Never again.
5	Really cool spot and great food. Love the feel of the place
4	The Vig boasts one heck of a patio. Imagine sitting on an enclosed patio with friends, live music and twinkle lights. This is how it feels at The Vig. The Vig reminds me of a friend's home who has a great patio. It's easy to spend hours sitting on the patio and enjoying some good food and drinks. Plus on the weekends, you'll most likely enjoy live music as well! First of all, I love that they have freshly squeezed cocktails, including a delicious greyhound with fresh squeezed grapefruit! Their food here is delicious as well and I especially love their sandwiches and sweet potato fries. On a healthy day, I opt for the deconstructed fish taco which is fish and all the toppings that you can pick and choose to eat from. All in all, the reviews speak for themselves. The Valley could use more Vig's around town!
1	How horrible this place is!  They committed to doing a fund raiser for Cesar Chavez elementary school, school sent flyers, promoted them.... Then decided to not follow through because they ONLY support Arcadia High School.  Sad that a group of elementary school students had to miss out on their fund raising opportunity.
5	Was in PHX for work and one of my co workers took me there for lunch...all I can say I had the best turkey sandwich I have ever eaten... Too bad I wasn't around to enjoy Happy Hour!
4	The atmospehere and food here are amazing!  I have only been for lunch and both times the food has blown me away.  It is so fresh and the options fit every taste!I can see where the problems others have written about the servers come from, sometimes they are not the most attentive, however, I generally have had refills regularly and it didn't seem as we waited too long for anything.  The servers a lot of times just seemed to be more into socializing than attending to customers.I would recommend the Vig for lunch, brunch and I am sure dinner is just as delicious!  I hope to get back soon for dinner, as the patio is just beauitful and such a great space!
4	Ohh, the Vig. I have such a love/hate relationship with you. I love your spacious, shaded patio, and I love your pet cat. I love your happy hour food and weekend brunch specials. But sometimes I just really hate your service. I've never had anyone be flat out rude to me, but some of the servers (and this applies to both this location and Uptown) just really don't seem to care about their jobs or providing adequate customer service. I agree with other reviewers about water and other N/A beverage glasses sitting empty for ridiculously long, especially considering we live in the desert! Service is also very... How shall I say this politely?... Not rushed? Granted on my last visit I was with a couple girlfriends just having some casual happy hour wine and snacks, but order taking, refills and check backs seemed to be a little on the slow side. I was also annoyed she didn't stop by our table before happy hour was over to offer more drinks at the discounted price. We did want to order another glass of wine each, and while the $2 per glass discount isn't much in the grand scheme of things, it's a nice touch to offer. I'm a server myself and let me tell you that wins big brownie points!All in all the yummy food and drinks, and laid back, relaxing atmosphere will keep me returning to the Vig. I just wish they'd get some servers who care!
4	I went here for my birthday dinner and I enjoyed it. We sat outside on the beautiful patio which was really fun. The food was real good. The service could have been better but it was a Friday night and I think they were short staffed. But ill definately come here again.
5	Fab-you-lusss.Came here with a 2 sorority sisters and one of their husbands. Poor guy, had to listen to 3 chatty Kathys talking about the old of days of sorority life.Anyway, ordered a delightful glass of Resiling and the Deconstructed Fish Tacos. Very yummy. The cole slaw was nice and crunchy. My only complaint was that the tortilla shells they gave to make the taco were insanely tiny. I could barely get any ingredients inside. Loved all the extras like the black beans, sour cream, gaucmole they provided but I wanted to eat it all, silly wraps wouldn't let me. So instead I just nibbled on everything and it turned into a deconstructed fish salad. Oh well. It was delish still.I am so in love with the interior of this place. Literally looks like an old retro 70s motel with the atrium style seating outside and the bocce ball court. Loved it. I will def go back to this place. I hear the happy hour is to die for.
1	Food was ok, THE SERVICE and waiter were HORRIBLE.  We waited over 20 mins for our drinks as he cleaned nearby tables that guests vacated (that was more important)He showed his attitude and was rude.  VIG doesn't care about their customers anymore as they are so busy.  No one from management even walks the floor in the front of the house to asks guests about their experience.  The VIG got too big too quick and forgot about good customer service.  Get rid of the staff with attitude!!!Wont even try the Vig uptown.  Wont waste my time.
3	I've been to this location several times but I'd rather be more positive than nit-picky.  The service has always been a bit slow and less informative.  I've come in and on several occasions lost out on the specials till the very end when the server mentions "next time you should do the...." well I wish I would've known that earlier because I could've enjoyed more awesomeness!  Otherwise I love the atmosphere and the seating.  The space is really good, outdoor seating during this time of the year is jam and ambience are spot on for a group or a more datish type situation.  I've tried a few of the dishes and the food is pretty good but nothing yet that I've built up a craving for.  I'll be back soon for the Tuesday special of an app with a bottle of wine for $22 buckaroos!
1	The vegan wrap is not vegan- it is a play on their title--  the idiot manager tried to explain it- yeah I get it- it's stupid- disgusted-
5	I've now eaten at The Vig twice - once for Sunday lunch, and most recently, for dinner during a weeknight. I thoroughly enjoyed both my meals. The food is good and priced right, and the waitstaff is very friendly. While the place is definitely noisy at night, this didn't bother me. Perhaps this was because I was sipping The Vig's great Bloody Mary's throughout the meal, but I was fine with the noise. I've not yet eaten out on the patio, but plan to do so. And I hear the place has a pet cat. Definitely want to return for the cat - and the sweet potato fries. :)
5	Love it here! I moved here from San Diego and it is honestly the only place that reminds me of home. The app's are good, but the cocktails is where it's at! Go early and get a table outside, order the flat bread and try the key lime cocktail!
5	I love this place! Been frequenting for over a year and it never disappoints.The clientele can be bizarre from time to time but the bartenders are amazing and they have great customer service!Music is usually epic and the food is unbelievable. Definitely recommended.
4	Love me some $5 burgers. And the wine selection is great
4	The Vig has a big comfy patio with soft couches, long tables and the occasional cat napping (what?). They have  heaters and an outdoor fireplace so its great regardless of the weather and your body temperature. If you are more into watching NFL Sunday  and staying away from nature, the indoors is small but fully equipped with flat screens showing the major games and scores. Although I only visited the Vig for brunch, I was pretty happy with their overall menu, food quality and service. The $5 Mimosa/Bloody Mary brunch special is pretty decent but some of their more signature, full-priced cocktails (like the van goh vodka with coffee and milk) definitely needs to kick it up a couple notches and stop skimping on the good ingredients (read:booze). At a table of 3, we ordered the hangover helper, shepherds pie and the tofu scramble- 3 very unique menu breakfast/brunch menu items that I was excited to try.The tofu scramble (pictured) comes in a burrito but to be honest, the best way to eat it is sans tortilla bread and topped with 2 sunny-side up eggs. The mixture of grilled firm tofu, sun-dried tomatoes, chilies and assorted veggies is surprisingly spicy and full of flavor. However, since it doesn't come with any cheese or sauce, the yolk from the eggs on top boost up the dish by a factor of 10 and make it an amazing hearty (yet healthy) meal. Too bad the eggs don't come with the dish (gotta ask for it extra). If the whole veggie/vegan/hippie roll ain't your thing, then the shepherds pie is probably the manliest breakfast you can get there. Giant piece of juicy steak and eggs sitting on a giant bed of potatoes, cheese, beans, corns and pretty much every ingredient in the kitchen. Its served on a giant skillet and will truly make you feel like a caveman eating for the next year. Props if you can finish eat, its a LOT of food. If that STILL seems too healthy for you, the hangover helper is another skillet drowning in baked tortilla, sauce and about 20lbs of melted cheese into one gooey dish. It tastes exactly like what you crave at 4am after doing too many jager-bombs in Old town. It comes with eggs, but instead it should comes with an additional 20lbs of hot sauce to accompany the cheese.Everything else really doesn't matter-  I mean, the service is decent, the crowd is good and the atmosphere is nice. I'd come back for the food in a heartbeat, maybe next time i'll snuggle up with the cat.
4	Love this place! Great crowd, great food, and the best part- 1/2 price bottles of wine on Sunday! The Uptown location is probably my favorite, but possibly just because it's closer to home (16th St and Bethany Home). Wait staff is attentive and friendly. Outdoor patio is great when weather permits, and if you can't get an outside table, the doors open almost all the way up, so get a table on the border and you can still enjoy it!
4	Good valet parking.  Great fast friendly service.  Menu was a bit lacking, I was expecting a bit more.  It is very casual with casual fare.  I went with some business associates.  Really cool place for a casual business get together.
2	We came for dinner, first time visit.  Small parking lot w/ mandatory valet parking at dinner time.  Arrived just as Happy Hour was nearing the end, few empty tables.  We were seated next an exit door to the patio where a cold blast of air hit us with every opening of the door.  I had to keep my coat on throughout the meal.  This table also had very poor lighting, so bad that I could not read my menu.  Worse yet was the smoke.  Yes, smoke smoke smoke in 2013.  While the dining area is non-smoking, the patio is smoke-friendly.  Several were seated on the patio in front of the fireplace and filling up the dining area with smoke.  Another exit to the patio was actually a drape left open so there was no real separation between smoking and non-smoking.  I felt like I was in a bar back in the old smoking days.  Ugh!Our food was very good.  While I could not actually see what I was eating (refer to paragraph above), I enjoyed a chopped salad with some interesting veggies.  Hamburger was also nicely done with a side of onion rings.  Service was also very attentive and friendly.  Other reviewers have mentioned the lovely patio.  Shame that it's ruined by the smokers.  This place has a nice look to it and has a lot going right but I vote with my feet for clean air.  Sorry Vig, you let me down and I won't be back.
5	Sadly, I am basically only updating this review because I am obsessed with their turkey sandwich. It's that good. I don't need to write anything else. Oh wait, yes I do. Pretzel bun. Pretzel. Bun. Ok, now this review is complete.
2	We had come here to grab some lunch over the weekend since la grande orange power was down.  I was debating between two things and decided to go with the mac and cheese. I couldn't believe it was soupy. I was hoping it would be baked which is always way better. Such a disappointment  since my mac and cheese on the stove turns out a million times better than what they gave me. Since I happen to be sick i was really thirsty and the waitress took forever after our appetizers came to refill my lemonade.  After she had realized I went through 2 glasses fast she started to get the hint to stick around.  But just b/c of that reason shouldnt keep a waiter or waitress around to see if we needed anything as a courtesy.
4	Really nice spot to hang out with friends and have a casual night out.  Good food, good drinks, and nice decor.
1	Had lunch here because I'd heard good things. Had the steak salad and it was the worst salad I have ever eaten! The greens tasted old, the steak was cold and the dressing was bland. Way over priced for such a poor quality dish.  Service was mediocre. The mandatory valet was a joke because the entire parking lot was nearly empty.I won't go back.
4	Came here the other day with a few friends for lunch. I have never been to this location before only the one on 16th street.Same type of deal here. To park in their lot you must Valet. Which is free at lunch, but costs @ Dinner.Any way 3 of us were lined up,they must of been a little over whelmed 11:30am. We had our cars parked and proceeded inside.Nice restaurant, very cozy inside despite the Concrete walls. I see it as very 60's modern and I love it!. We were seated where inside meets outside, the patio is wonderful. It is my favorite part of the setting.Food was very good,awesome actually.  The entire party really enjoyed what they got. Our server was nice, but he was on a very slow mode. I know we waited over 30 min for our food to come out. There was 4 of us and it was lunch time. But, I really think they need more servers. Because, they really seemed over whelmed. Luckily we had a lot of time for a long leisurely lunch.But, had we of been on a schedule it would not of been cool.Bathrooms are clean ,nicely designed ,but very dark. Yes I looked good in the mirror, but reality was it was sunny outside, and I was not going to look so good out there! Oh well! HeeheeI  will diffidently come back. I like the atmosphere and the Food is good.Though you spend a little more than you would may have planned because, then you have to tip the valet a few $$. So be prepared for that.I was lucky I had some cash with me. More and more I never carry cash.
5	Amazing brunch. Thanksgiving turkey twist on a sandwich? Mind blowing.
4	The Vig is my 'go to' place when hanging near my home in the area. No other bar has peaked my interest and kept my attention the way The Vig has here. Love the Mondays, when burgers are $5. Love Sunday Funday's at The Vig. Get there before your Saturday night hangover starts really making you feel hung and get your 'hair of the dog' sangria, mimosa or bloody mary on the patio while you enjoy the up tempo of live music. The bar is happening too for watching games and cool, friendly bartenders. Sundays are cheaper wine by the bottle days too. Pet the cat that hangs on the patio. He's not annoying. He likes to say hi and hopes that you will drop a snack for him. Bocce ball on the patio. I find the wine a little less pricey at Postino, if your comparing a watermelon to a grape. But this is still my fav, all around go-to place. Valet is pretty much the only way here. Now The Vig has even comandeered the parking lot across the way for $ too on valet. Not to keen on that idea. But not enough to make me rate them any less or keep me away. LOVE the firepit outside in the winter.
5	Was referred to the Vig by the host at the Holiday Inn.  Was obviously very skeptical.  However, the atmosphere and the food at the Vig are awesome.  Would definitely recommend to any of my fellow business travelers who refuse to eat at the airport hotel dining rooms for anything other than breakfast.  Excellent food, excellent atmosphere.   Looking forward to checking out happy hour.
1	Oh Vig, you simply sucked!!! Such a waste of time and money. The food and service here was awful, all except for the girl at the door the night we were there, which was on February 16th she was pretty nice. She was they only exception though, the guy at the bar was such a flirt, but in a very uncomfortable way. Then after waiting for our party at the bar we decided to move to a table and enjoy our drinks there. Then we come to realize that our server was a real stuck up and rude girl, that was nowhere to be found when needed and that took forever to come back to our table for assistance or further request! I don't think that's acceptable, we had to get other servers attention to get things for our table. Then after all that hassle, we stumble upon the nastiest nachos ever and okay drinks and wine, this was just plain awful and not worthy of your time nor mine!! Never again, never again!!!!!
3	Vigazz Burger was DELISH! I really like the vibe, the beer selection is okay. In all honesty, if this was in Tucson, it'd be my favorite place. But surrounded by places just as good, I feel it gets lost.  It was good, just not good enough to go back.
4	Love this place - my favorite is chopped salad with grilled salmon. A little bit pricey but I am OK with the quality of food, service and the atmosphere there.
5	The sandwiches on a pretzel roll were delicious!!!  The cocktails were refreshing on the warm Phoenix day.Plus, they were showing a soccer match, can't get much better than that.
5	I came here Saturday evening with my husband for dinner. We were seated right away on the patio. First and foremost, we LOVED the patio space and the atmosphere. It was populated without feeling too crowded. Great mix of people, great space. It was somewhere I'd want to sit with friends for the evening and just throw back some beers. We started with the flatbread of the day which was BBQ chicken. Delicious. I ordered the seasonal shrimp salad with prickly pear vinaigrette. My hubs got the turkey sandwich on a pretzel roll. The food was great. We were both pleasantly surprised at how delicious the food was. Yes it's a bar, so it's not the absolute best food I've ever put in my mouth. But it was damn good bar food and I would come back for the food and atmosphere in a heartbeat. Also our server was nice and attentive and the prices were great. For an app, two entrees, and two beers each it was $60. That is dirt cheap for Chicago standards. If I lived in Phoenix, I would be a regular.
5	Wonderful! Great food, drinks and atmosphere.
5	I have been going to The Vig for years. I have always enjoyed this business. It's great food, good drinks, enjoyable atmosphere, and wonderful people watching. This past Tuesday I attended the Craft Beer dinner with friends. The dinner is three courses paired with a craft beer. The chef comes out and discusses the course with each table and the hostess educates us about each beer. It only takes place at the end of the month and you have to make a reservation by sending an email to pvincent@thevig.us. Its a great experience. Well this past time the menu featured a club sandwich and pork ribs. I am not a pork eater and when the chef came around I asked if the bacon could be removed from my sandwich because of it. He said sure no problem and I have a special surprise for you. I was just happy with the no bacon in my sandwich. I was pleasantly surprised when I received chicken drums in instead of ribs. It was above and beyond what I expected. I really appreciated it. If  you get a chance stop by, the food is always good and go to a Craft Beer dinner! Great place.
4	Great place for a Sunday Funday on a cool brisk day in Phoenix. I loved the burger that I got because it was made with pretzel bread as their bun and the sweet potato fries were simply mouth watering!
4	happy hour! they have a pretty darn good one. 1/2 off happy hour prices on their specific menu...we opted for the fish tacos....4 small tacos with a side of a rather spicy hot and delicious guacamole style sauce. excellent!i had 2 kiltlifters at 2 bucks off the standard menu. the wife and her friend had 2 premium cocktails for the same price. there are plenty of options for food and drink and their happy hour prices are top notch. the place itself is very cool. we sat outside, and yes, it was a tad bit warm. it's all shaded and misted but it was still warm. no matter as the food and beverages cooled us down. service was good. our water glasses stayed completely filled the entire time and our server was prompt and courteous, without being overbearing. but valet...i swear, i could live my whole life and not ever use valet. i understand the concept when dealing with small parking lots where numerous people park and/or you can get ticketed for parking in another properties lot, but i hate it. especially mandatory valet. well, i guess it's not mandatory, but anyway....i really enjoyed this place!
4	Not a bad happy hour deal here! M-F 3-6 drink specials and food specials including $5 fish tacos that were deeeeelicious!! Specialty cocktails are $2 off so those will run you about $7 at HH. I tried the violet femme which came in a chilled martini glass! I have NEVER had a chilled martini glass before. Our water glasses were filled repeatedly (yes!!) and we enjoyed the splendid AZ weather on their patio. Of note: I'm anti-valet parking unless it's super far + wearing heels. Otherwise I prefer to park my own car and carry my own keys, thank you. However the lot is so small at the Vig it's mandatory parking for $3. What irks me even further is that the vallet was MIA so we parked the car ourselves, had to give him the keys and then pay him to bring us the car when we left even though it was about 20ft away. Minus one star for such ridiculousness.
5	Went to this place a few weeks ago for Sunday brunch. Love the patio and live music. Had a great food and drink menu and quick service. I have no complaints... This place was AWESOME and will be going there again next time I am in town :)
5	I can only say that if I lived in the Arcadia area I would be here too much of the time and would have less money!  This is one of the best neighborhood bar/grill that I have  visited.  They have a great happy hour and on Sundays all bottles of wine are half off. Summertime music starts at 6pm on Sundays and the band is good.   Hubby and I sat at the bar, bartenders were nice and helpful..we had just come from lunch so wanted to check this place out since I had seen good reviews about it.  Food looked great, they had a nice wine selection.  I would love to come back for the food and see what everyone is raving about!
5	SOLID! The food is amazing! I have tried the fish tacos, little burgers, and turkey sandwich. Everything is fresh and flavorful! I love the atmosphere and the decor. My father, who is 60 years old, heard about this place at work and so I took my parents here. They loved it!!! The trivia questions (on the table) were PERFECT dinner fun!
5	I'm a big fan of this place! It's a great spot to just relax and enjoy. Their patio is awesome! I always get the "vings" when I go. I think they have the best wings around! they have a lot of great food for anyones likes. They also have a good beer selection and a well balanced wine list.  The service is relaxed yet on point. Thomas has been my server on multiple occasions, very nice guy and knows his stuff. I will be coming back again and again.  Keep up the good work!! :)
5	I've been here a few times and have always had a great experience.  The decor is very modern and trendy.  I've had a few of the salads, all of which were delicious.  The menu is pretty solid, overall, and the bloody marys are wicked good! A perfect place for a happy hour or lunch.
4	The best part about the Vig is the patio.  In nice weather, sitting outside with the lights, heaters as necessary and a fire-pit, makes for a great ambiance that can only be found so frequently in Phoenix. They offer a nice wine menu and fresh cocktails, making the Vig a great spot for drinks only as well as a good dinner.  Last time I was there I tried the Pad Thai, which was surprisingly good for not being an Asian restaurant.  The french fries that came with my boyfriend's sliders were half regular, and half sweet potato, and they were amazing. Our table of 4 split two bottles of wine and the garlic edamame (yumm) appetizer and everybody was quite satisfied.  The atmosphere is very social, and someone from our party ran in to someone she knew and was able to catch up pretty easily. Service is good, with knowledgeable servers who are attentive enough to be helpful without overbearing.One thing to note is that parking in their lot is usually mandatory valet, but if they're slow enough that's not always enforced.  There's no great alternative for parking in the neighborhood, so I recommend factoring that cost in to your visit.  All in all, The Vig is fun for a night out or date night! It's definitely worth checking out.
2	I seated myself at 10pm Saturday and was served immediately.  I asked about wines and she went away briefly and came back with a plastic menu then left.  After waiting 5 minutes I realized I couldn't stay any longer unless I wanted my head to explode from the overbearing music.  I am too old for a frat/sorority environment.  It must be different other times from what I see in the reviews.
4	Finally checked this place out last night around 6. It was super busy and loud, but there were some tables open near the patio so we grabbed on there. Got an appetizer flatbrea- BBQ Chicken with jalepenos, cheddar cheese, red onions-- it was AMAZING. I even picked off some ingredients I don't like, but the taste was out of this world.For dinner we both had 'The Hot Chick" chicken sandwich. It was absolutely amazing. It had this spicy avocado mayo, and the fries were outstanding.Our server was this adorable girl who was super helpful, kept a good eye on our table and made sure we had everything we needed. The only reason this is 4 not 5 stars is because I personally didn't like how loud it was. Once it cools down I will definitely be checkin out the patio.
4	I would give this place 4.5 stars if I could.  The vibe at this place is cool, it is hipster.  We went on a Tuesdaay and it was packed.   We sat at the bar and ordered the following:Chicken wings in Thai chile sauce - fried then grilled - blue cheese was very good - overall delicious!Rib basket with skinny french fries - excellent flavor and crispy fliesBanana nut bread pudding with carmel sauce and vanilla ice cream - OMGGreat bar food and the drinks were interesting as well.Suit and Tie - Oatmeal stout beer/grey goose cherry vodka, soda water and something else.  it was inventive and good.  it wasn't too sweetI had "the Loop" sauvignon blanc - actually the best SB I have ever had - very cirtrusy and cold.Service was good, although not overly friendly.Definitely worth going back to....
4	The Vig is always good.  I've been to this location, as well as the "Uptown" location on MULTIPLE occasions.  I actually like Uptown a little better, but can't really pinpoint why.   Maybe because it's close to my office for a convenient happy hour?  Could be.   Either way, can't go wrong here.   This visit was a Sunday brunch after church.  Had a Bloody Mary with a little too much horseradish, then switched to mimosas.  Yum.    Food was also very good.  Always love the Vig!
4	Good Food, very Upscale and Ambiance. I had fish Tacos and would give 2 thumbs up...
5	I've been going to Vig for years now. The food is tasty, the service is good, and the vibe is perfect. A very nice place to relax and meet friends. It's great in the fall and spring on the patio. We also like going on Sunday for 1/2 price bottles of wine.
2	I decided to try the Vig after hearing good things and conveniently having a credit from local dines ($15 for $30) and figured it was a good excuse to try it. I think I made the mistake of telling the waitress that I had the certificate from the start because it requires an 18% gratuity to be added automatically and I think this gave her the ok to give some pretty shitty service. Definitely not the place I would recommend if you are in a rush to get somewhere (which we were, unfortunately). It took almost 2 hours to receive our meal and pay for the tab, we could never find her or wave her down to ask for refills or the check and she acted uninterested to be helping us in the first place. If the tip is already included I still expect to get the same amount of service as if you have to work for it. I also don't understand companies that put out coupons or deals and then the employees practically eye roll you when you use them. Very irritating. Now, if I block out the service issue and think just about the food then this place definitely would deserve more stars. Food was delicious, good portion and decent prices. I had the turkey sandwich with a side of sweet potato fries, both of which were very tasty although I wasn't very fond of the dipping sauce with the fries. Tasted like cumin? Not sure, wasn't my thang though.
3	I had heard so much about The Vig from a pretentious gal I know who acts like her poop doesn't stink that I figured The Vig was some high faluti'n place....not.  I was surprised to find it pretty plastic and unattractive overall.But, the help there was very friendly and helpful when I arrived early for a function being held there.  Even the car parkers were nice.  Great help there, anyway, so I tipped more than the usual 20%.Now when it comes to the food I ordered the Pad Thai.  Big, big mistake.  It's bad, so don't order it.  It's pretty obvious that nobody in the kitchen has ever been to Thailand or worked in a Thai restaurant even, because it was not much like real Pad Thai.  It wasn't good even tho I ate it out of hunger.Rather than give this place a really low rating, I'll return some time and see how another item tastes.  Just avoid the Pad Thai, because my friends ordered other things and loved what they got.And the help there are super nice which counts for something.
4	I loved the atmosphere. The prices are very reasonable and the food was AMAZING. I had the ribs and fries and my friend ordered the Mac n Cheese and I tried it and it was delicious. I will be back again!
5	I'm glad to live so close to The Vig! I love drinking on their outdoor patio (when it's not blazing hot). What really makes this place great is they have a cat. It has to be the most laid back cat of all time to deal with all the noise and drunk girls (like me) who want to love on it.
4	I've been to The Vig several times for lunch, happy hour, and dinner.  It's  a good place to go for all there.  Good drinks, good food, and great outdoor seating.  Try the fish tacos.
5	I love this place. I've been here a few times and have NEVER been disappointed. Food is great (try the ceviche!!) and the adult beverages are priced well. I haven't heard if anybody who doesn't like this spot. Do it! You know you wanna!
4	Came here once before but tonight was my first time on the patio. The patio is a great atmosphere with fun music playing, comfort seating and misters everywhere (except for our seat!). I asked the hostess if it was too hot to sit out there, she said no and then seated us away from the misters. We were HOT! Only downfall but should be expected in August.I ordered the Ahi tuna salad which was good, last time I had the Lean & Green steak salad and would highly recommend this one. My friend had the market fish, similar to mahi mahi and absolutely loved it.Randomly coming on a Tuesday night, we ran into the Tuesday special. A bottle of wine and an appetizer for $22! Can't beat that one! Overall, this is a great place for hangout, dating, brunchin' and always good food! They tend to keep the lighting very low but would prefer some additional lights or extra candles!
5	Weird parking setup. Almost always a wait. Inadequate bathrooms. Noisy. Not usually items that show up in a 5/5 review from me. But for some reason I just love The Vig (this one, in particular) and put up with it. Happily!Their food and drink menu fits everyone's needs. You want a cheap beer and nachos/burger? Done for only $13. You want some nice wine & tasty/unique salad? Not a problem. Loads of wines for under $10/glass (half price bottles all day every Sun) paired with the Prickly Pear Shrimp Salad total for $20. Who's complaining? Or go rogue with entrees like Carne Asada on Potato Pancake or Pad Thai. I've gone to The Vig with the pickiest and the fanciest eaters. All left happy. I just don't think there are too many places I can say the same about. Birthdays, Engagement, No-good-reason.... All shared with The Vig. It's truly a top 5 go-to spot for me. Quirks and all. I honestly just love it.
4	Went to The Vig last night with a couple of girlfriends.  Parking, plan on Valet cause that's the only thing available.  We got our own car without them bringing it to us since it was 12 feet away so that was $3 that I wish I was not forced to spend.  No idea if there is self parking anywhere else. We sat in one of the long booths on the patio. We were greeted by Meow Meow, The Vig's resident cat. Well, my friend and I are crazy cat ladies so we just loved that. The menu, looked amazing. I will have to go back many times to order everything I wanted.  I could not hold back from ordering their Mac and Cheese. Got it with bacon and chicken.  I'm so glad I got it.  This Mac and Cheese was very good. The portion was huge so I was more than happy to take the rest home with me.  Looking forward to going back and playing corn hole. My review would be a 5 star had it not been for the parking.
4	This place is dope.  A really fun place to have drinks and grab a bite to eat.I got the hot vings at happy hour, ordered two because that's how I roll ha.  We drank and ate and had fun inside and out.  Plenty of new faces to keep your people watching at bay and with good company this place has a great vibe.  Enjoyed it before we out that night...Vhumbs up!
5	Showed up just a little before 10am for Sunday brunch.  The hostess was very nice and let us in even though they hadn't opened yet. (+1).  We had our choice of outdoor seating, football was already on and the staff was fantastic.  We just finished hiking Cambelback and I was ready for coffee and a good breakfast.  I can't say enough great things about the service and the staff.  My friends and I had an excellent time.
5	We love the vig and dont go enough. We are just a couple blocks away and always have such a good time when we go. The atmosphere is the best part about this place. You can go and hang out for a drink or app and be happy or come and hang out for the night with lawn games.Every time we come we try to get different things, but sometimes there are just good staples on the menu like the wings or the burgers. The ramen was really good the one time I had it but HUGE! We could have split that between 3-4 people.Bottom line is that this place has great drinks, staff and a great patio (including meow meow) and should be visited regularly.
5	I've been here several times now and have had such great experiences. Great HH selection and their Pozole is to DIE for. Great customer service and HOT, legendary bartenders. OoooEeeee! I have never valet'd before - they offer it, yes, but I always turn total cheap-skate and bypass it. Save yourself a buck - go self-park across the street and do it right.
1	i found a rouch in the bathroom and they charged $9 for a mimosa. Overprice mediocre place
4	If you like to gamble, and by gamble I mean serious sports betting, then you're all too familiar with the term vig. (short for vigorish)Which is why I've avoided this place for so long, the name simply repulsed me. No wait. It didn't repulse me. It dredged up bad (really bad) images of Super Bowl 36, where that piece of shit Tom Brady staged a last minute comeback, killing my point spread. This is about the time you learn what a vig is, and how much it means to a bookie.Fuck. I digress, sorry.The Vig is full of good looking people, so the ambiance gets high praise.Food is well above average, try the Thai Chili Chicken Wings. Coors Banquet served in old fashioned 12 ounce bottles had me fantasizing I was a cattle rustler in the old west. Crowded on a Wednesday night, our crew sat on the patio. It was hot out and I got a bad case of swamp ass. Luckily, I carry a small ziplock of gold bond mentholated powder which resembles about $10,000 worth of coke. The guy in the men's room who saw me putting it on my butt thought I was crazy. I told him coke on your sack is quite the experience if you can afford it.  After that, my ass felt like it was smoking Newports throughout dinner, enjoying my  Vig experience for the first time since Super Bowl 2002.Anyway, I like this place and you probably will too. Wait till the weather cools off if you're going to sit on the patio, or else have some mentholated butt powder handy.
3	All of the comments I've heard about this place have been about the patio.  It did not disappoint! Loved the massive tree in the center of the "courtyard", I'm sure it's even better in the evening when the lights are on. There was a pretty good crowd for an early Saturday afternoon. May have had something to do with the beautiful weather.....Or the delicious alcohol being consumed on their glorious patio. ;) Nothing to complain or rave about when it comes to the service. She was friendly and we never waited too long for our food or drinks. Gotta like that. Something quirky that was purty cool, they have trivia cards on the tables. This made a fun light drinking brunch into an afternoon of debauchery. Those days are the best, cheers to the vig!Oh and i guess we ate stuff too. So on to that part....My friend had The Best Turkey sandwich that she said was pretty good, nothing out of the ordinary. And I had the Arcadia Burger that was DELICIOUS and on a pretzel bun? Winning! Parking is small but not too shabby oh and side note... its dangerously close to OHSO. :)  I will return to The Vig, but next time I'm going for the bloody Mary bar instead of the Blue Moon!
4	Very trendy spot in Arcadia. Had always heard about this place and finally decided to go since I was in the area. The patio is awesome I love all the trees! Great happy hour too if you get there before 6!
3	Insanely beautiful wait staff serving insanely adequate but not too overwhelming food.Seriously though, the girl working the bar had the entire restaurant staring. Good job in the hiring dept.
4	I'm a fan of The Vig. All three of them. Great place to hang out and lounge around. They don't fuss if you come in for just a drink without food. There are heaters and fireplaces to cozy up around. Service always friendly. Varied menu to pick from. Come check it out if you haven't.
5	Great spot.
4	Great outdoor patio dining area. Great happy hour. Great service.Outdoor patio dining has a beautiful mesquite tree for ambiance and blocking out the sun while the center fireplace keeps you warm. We had:Queso Skillet with warm tortilla chips - amazing!Mac N Cheese with Chorizo - fabulous! one of the best mac n cheeses I've ever had!Carne Asada on a Potato Pancake - was ok. Sounded excellent, tasted decent.Friendly and good food. But the ambiance really puts it over the top as a great dining experience. I'd be back with a group of friends to lounge, play cornsack or bocce ball during happy hour.
5	This was REALLY good.  We stopped by for Friday Happy Hour.  We scored seats right next to the outdoor fireplace, enjoyed a few dirty martinis, the amazing hummus (spicy and garlic) as well as the awesome queso dip.  It was a really fun right and everything from the location to the service to the food was great.  I would definitely go again and I definitely recommend.
4	Late Thursday lunch at the Vig for about 20 people out at the patio, we all left with a satisfied smile.Vig has a rather larger patio than I expected, it gives you a very cozy feel with the big tree in the middle, the fireplace and the couches nearby. The inside seating seem to be quite dark as I just walked by. The first glance of its menu is somewhat random, to my opinion, I wasn't sure what is what, but then I was all confused on what I should get, one page yet with so many varieties, can someone please help me? Well, in our little group of 6, we shared the hummus plate and the homemade potato chips, both were very good, especially those chips, very thinly cut and complimented very well by the spicy chipotle ranch sauce.I had the market fish plate, which was a kind of Hawaiian white fish (Oahu fish?), simply grilled, served on top of some corn polenta, grilled fennel and cherry tomatoes.  The overall vinaigrette over the dish was a bit on the sour side for me, but with the light taste of the fish, it actually balanced it out well. I really enjoyed the dish. Some other dishes on the table included the Pad Thai, fish tacos, black bean burger and the smoked salmon salad. I had to point out the Pad Thai especially, which came in a huge bowl, while it tasted pretty good, I was so convinced its a bowl for two, so if you aren't super hungry, order it to share. And of course our side of the able had to have some dessert to complete the meal, we all shared the walnut brownie with ice cream. I usually think it's pretty hard to make a bad brownie if you can read instructions, and this one was just perfect for us. You should see how happy when we left.**One thing to note, although its Thursday at 2pm with only a few tables, parking was quite limited, some of us had to park at the plaza across the street, I cannot imagine if it was a busy time...
4	I really enjoyed the patio setting at the Vig. I went for an early dinner, and there weren't too many people there. It's a walk in and seat yourself deal, so there was no wait. I ordered the Mac n Cheese with bacon, and I give it a solid four stars. The portion was huge, the taste was solid, the price was decent, and the ambiance was nice--as expected. I recommend checking this place out. (Not with a baby--you'll get disgusted looks from hipsters and wait staff alike.)
5	This place is so cool. The outdoor area isn't as big as the Fillmore location, but they make up for it with live music. I really like the atmosphere and the food is pretty spot on. The sweet potato fry dip is really something special. The Vig was highly recommended to me, and I'm passing that recommendation on to all who read this.
4	So happy to have such a "cool" place so close to home. Love the atmosphere and food is great. Big selection. Not in love with the confusing valet situation they have but everything else is wonderful!
4	My favorite location. Great patio and atmosphere
4	The Vig is a great place to stop in for a good lunch during the day. I love the fact that it has outdoor seating yet blocks out the busy streets of Phoenix. Their Ruben is delicious especially the pretzel bun version, they also have great posole and tacos. During happy hour they have decent drink specials and appetizers plus you can play "corn hole" aka bag toss.
5	Great smoked salmon salad with capers, chives lemon cream cheese and their house lemon vinaigrette dressing. It was over the top great and our server, Ceasaer, was fantastic. A definite FIVE STAR rating for food and service.
4	Was at the Vig on a Friday night for dinner with a friend.  We were greeted several times from valet, hostess, manager, all promptly, all so friendly :) Service was nice.  Food and drinks were very good.  Best thing about it was the vibe.  Sitting outside at the Arcadia location, had a more downtown vibe, a chill spot.  Would def go again!
5	Love this place! Great wine selection and good deals on Tuesday!  Cool atmosphere too.  Definitely one of my favorite places to go.
5	You don't go wrong with The Vig.Outdoor. Indoor. Meals. Snacks. Drinks. Dinner. Late night. Big group. Small group. Whatever. Its very accomodating. Probably the best patio in Phoenix.Everyone I know loves it.
5	First trip to Phoenix. My good friends picked this place for dinner. It was absolutely amazing. The atmosphere was so charming. I loved the way the back of the restaurant opened onto the patio. The soft music of the jazz band was entertaining. I recommend the Fish tacos but my friend had the salmon and both dishes were presented well and so tasty. The staff was so attentive and friendly. Thanks for making my last meal in Phoenix memorable.
5	The Vig is AWESOME! I went to The Vig tonight with a friend and both of us were very pleased. The service was great! Our waitress was very nice and attentive. I had the trifecta and my friend had the fish tacos and both of us thought our food was delicious! We were there for about 3 hours and it was very pleasant the entire time. I will absolutely go back to this restaurant.
5	Had a great time in the outdoor relaxed setting.  Even though it was busy the had plenty of bar staff that was friendly.  It was a nice setting for #ptpubnight too.
5	Great atmosphere.  Cozy patio sometimes live music on the patio outside.  Excellent menu with many gluten free options.  Late night dining kitchen open til 1 a.m. Will definitely comeback here and would definitely recommend. They have the best gluten free bun I have ever had. From the outside its not much to look at it and would be easy to drive past but don't
5	I love the Vig. First time coming to this location, we usually go to the one on 16th st. Came for a group brunch on saturday. I had the chorizo burrito and mannn how i could go for another right this second! My gf had the chilaquiles and the bite i had was phenomenal. Our waiter was really nice and attentive. The atmosphere was busy yet loved it because it was raining out (sat in their indoor-outdoor seating area). Definitely will be back again to try something new!
4	I went here with my girlfriend not knowing what I was getting into, I told her to find something and urban spoon chose this for us. I'm used to the suburbs so driving here I thought we where going to go to some cheap restaurant. I was both surprised and excited to say the least. To me it seemed very hidden seeing as to how I am not from Phoenix. That being said when I opened the door I was pleasantly surprised at how great it looked inside compared to its surrounding.To start I had the ceviche appetizer ( good!) and the Pad Thai(great with chicken, shrimp was an option as well) My girlfriend contemplated between the Mac n Cheese and Carne Asada. She chose the Carne an liked it. Seemed a bit small to me, but definitely tastey. She liked it too. All in all I give it a very good 4 stars and that's only because I didn't try a drink. The menu seemed a bit modern Mexican but as I said it did have a Thai Pad. Drink menu did seem tasty and diverse, but unfortunately I wasn't drinking. Nice little gem!
3	Meh, It was a fun time but I think that spoke more of the company then the place itself. It was way too packed and too busy. One hour and half to get a table at a bar/tavern place is no Bueno. I loved the band though. The patio is very pretty if you can get into it and find a seat/table. The bathroom situation is not good. There are only two stalls. Two women were brawling and getting into it when I visited. I really thought there was going to be a fight.  Alarming! It brought me back to my college days. lol--Also, I am not sure I like Valet parking. I am not cheap but three bucks ( plus tip of course) for Valet parking is Ridiculous! This is Phoenix where most Valets are non existent or free.  I did think all the staff members were very nice though and most of the non bathroom visiting patrons were very nice.  The food was okay but nothing to die over and pricey for what you get. I gave it three stars for the staff and band. It is really more like a two.
4	The carne asada potato pancake was great! I haven't tried anything else, but I loved what I got. My only complaint would be that I wanted more! That was probably just my greed talking though.
3	Got invited out last night by a friend for happy hour. But I'm a workaholic and didn't get to make it out to this place till almost 8 pm.First things first. Parking is a pain. Make sure you have cash for valet + tip, or be in the know as to where you can park before walking over. It's a pretty hip joint. I'd say the highlight of the place is the outdoor courtyard- it's bigger than the restaurant itself, and on the beautiful spring nights like these just absolutely gorgeous. Apparently they have a resident cat too, which I find adorable. Though one of my table mates was allergic, so the poor guy probably appreciated that a bit less. My dish was okay. I didn't really get to sample any of everybody else's appetizers seeing as how we got there so late. I did enjoy the cheesy tots, and that jalapeno aioli is pretty amazing. I got the reuben sandwich and it was... okay I guess. Nothing to write home about. The shoestring fries were nice. My drink was stronger than I would have liked. I got reaaaally tipsy, but it wasn't a taste explosion or anything.So really... this place was okay. Nice ambience, but nothing extraordinary.
5	My husband brought me to a date here and it was a nice time. I tried the pozole and it was very well prepared. Their ruffino moscato was delicious. Very trendy spot and great drink menu. Very surprised to find that their pricing was economic. All dishes were well presented. Their ceviche was a treat as well. We ended the night with banana bread pudding and more moscato. We had a great time and will be returning soon.
5	I love the VIG and have never had anything not good there.  I can't eat cheese and decided to try the flatbread special without cheese one day and it was fantastic.  They will also do substitutions and I get the deconstructed fish taco with chicken instead.  My 75 year old parents also love the food but feel a little out of place with the young crowd.  More parking would be nice instead of valet.
5	Good food, I was surprised by the pastor street tacos. Great crowd and good vibe. I'm normally here for the happy hour or Sunday day drinking, thought if stop in for lunch. Definitely coming back
4	Our first Vig experience was the one off Bethany Home. We had a riot there in the indoor patio playing beer-enhanced games of skill. This time we came for a game, went to the 40th street bar. We have been here twice. The Vig/Postino crowd is really great. The decor and lighting is really trendy and the bartender here was as attentive as they come. In our two times here, we have tried the Reuben, Burgers, Vings (I like the Asian style), and pear and chopped salads. I tried some of everyones. Its that good. The other thing that is really bad but great for soaking up alcohol is the cheesy tots. Not what you think,  so I will let you be surprised. Happy Hour is best hour, great drink deals and specials. It is always happening, no matter when we go, but the Arcadia site is big enough to hold em all. Never a bad time.
2	Ok, so let me start by saying that I have been to The Vig before and had a great experience! On my first visit I had the Vigazz Burger which I raved about to many as one of the best burgers I had ever had. cooked perfectly and the accompaniments set it off as a standout. Lastnight, not so much. It started with a good time at the bar while we waited for a table outside. We expected to wait a bit as the weather was so beautiful. However after 40 minutes and no update we decided we would take inside or out. I might add the only hostess in the building was not being assisted in any way with info. We saw her have to leave the front door to go looking for open tables many times leaving ungreeted guests. She was very nice and professional so I can't hold The Vig's staffing decisions during, " In Season" against her.Once we were seated It was very windy due to the dampeners on the vents being wide open and pointing straight down on the table. We were promptly and courteously moved to another table by the hostess. Keep in mind that a simple adjustment after closing will keep further guests from complaining. It wasn't the AC as much as the velocity. This is where it goes down hill. Our server was overwhelmed, maybe another example of poor staffing. We ordered an appetizer as soon as we sat as we already had drinks. The smoked Salmon was great but you wouldn't know that because we were never checked on until it was cleared away. Also this means our dinner order was not taken until well after we had finished apps. Our fairly early dinner is now going on two hours without even ordering dinner yet. We both ordered and a temp was asked for on the burger. I ordered medium, needless to say it was well done and without the grilled onions and gruyere cheese would have been tasteless. I also asked for no bacon which I had to remove. Our server never came back to ask if we wanted another drink during our meal and when she did her check about how the food was we hadn't even started. I rarely review and only in an instance where something is truly standout in direct contradiction to it's reputation or my own past personal experience would I write a negative one. Our server, "Glow" indicated on check was inattentive and lacked service skills even taking into consideration the lack of staffing. Knowing when to ask for help is being a professional. In addition I'd like to add that no matter what a company's policy is on hair I think it's gross to wear your long flowing hair down while waiting tables. It may not be a county health policy as many like to state but it is an industry known practice to keep your hair tied up in some fashion.  We will hope for a better experience next time because we do love the Vig and the Patio.
4	Love the late night deals and specials. Outside patio is awesome and who doesn't love a house cat?  Service has always been excellent.  Had Hawaiian flatbread which was fair at best. Food could pick it up a bit.
4	I prefer this location over the others. A must try is the MAC and cheese! So yummy. I went on a Saturday night and not much of a crowd, which I love! I'll be back.
4	I went here for a first date, about 11pm on a Friday night. It was trendy and loungie, really liked it! It wasn't packed on a Friday night and there was lots of options for seating. Indoors or outside on the large patio. The patio had fans outside and christmas lights so it was darker but great for conversation as well. They had music playing on the speakers which wasn't too loud either. The service was good and the drinks were good as well. Not to expensive. I had a glass of blue moon and it was $5. Very casual and hip place to chill.
4	Awesome suite and tie drink and let's talk about the nachos so great.. Good service also super friendly and helpful
4	I am sitting at the Vig and I know the food will be good, the service excellent and it is close to my office. So why am I commenting? Apparently The management thinks the Vig is a dance club now.  The music is so loud, even outside, that it is  annoying. I came to meet a potential client who wanted to "try the Vig" and we will not be able to hear each other.I was at Z Tejas yesterday and asked about the music and they were able to turn it down just a little which was enough. And yes I am an old guy who does not hear so well anymore. Be that as it may I still do not understand why a restaurant where you go to meet people and talk needs to  have concert level music going.
5	The Vig is the the perfect go to spot for a let night drink in my book. The patio is great, you can usually get a table, and the crowd is low key but friendly/fun.
5	Good atmosphere, never too packed and the patio has misters, a fire place and the Christmas lights are so cute. The music is loud but not so much you cannot carry on a conversation. We tried the Bombasiled and it was a good, fruity drink that tasted nothing of alcohol. The staff is friendly and we love the trivia cards on every table.
5	The 5 stars based completely on our service this evening. We didn't have any food just wine, but our bartender Reggie was probably the best we have ever encountered, no exaggeration. We stopped by the Vig for a drink after dinner and the service we received truly made our evening. With a friend visiting from out of town, we had the pleasure of finishing our night experiencing impeccable service and a person whom left us wanting to come back and visit this establishment soon. Thank you, Reggie, it was a pleasure meeting you.
4	Not all Sundays but....this Sunday they had $3 Margaritas and wine bottles were 1/2 off!!! Seriously??? Lol oh you know I had like...a bunch of those margaritas!
5	Love the Vig! The service, food, and atmosphere are fantastic! The Mac and cheese is stellar and always a kid favorite- they added it to the regular menu and it is awesome- add chicken, sausage, bacon or broccoli in it is fantastic! Other favorites the deconstructed tacos, the flatiron steak (although slightly better at the uptown location because they crush the pistachios there), and the wings - regular or this spicy are among the best around!
4	Stopped in here for a quick beer.  Didn't have a chance to try their food, but it smelled and looked amazing.  I'll have to give it a shot next time.  Bartenders were very attentive  even though they were packed.  Great looking outdoor patio too.
4	I have been to Vig for many an afternoon, happy hour, lunch and dinner. I live not far from there and I can promise this: The Vig is very, very popular. The Basics:+ Casual (like 85% of Phoenix). There are TVs inside.+ HH is M-F 3-6pm. ($2 off cocktails, $1.5 off drafts, $1 off domestic beer & well drinks)+ 1/2 priced wine on Sundays+ Elvis Before Noon plays on Sunday (time varies depending season, 6pm in summer, earlier when it's not god awful hot.) Great cover band. If you come once you'll know the rotation. + The Vig Rig will scoop up Arcadia residents. (Free!) 602-722-5976. Fr/Sa 5pm-2am. Su 2pm-10pm.+ Parking is tight. Bring cash for the valet. Otherwise play Frogger and park across 40th street. Far enough from Mamma Mia that no one gets upset.)+ And yes. That is a Vig cat you see leisurely making rounds. Don't pet him if you're allergic to cats. Stop complaining about it.+ Follow them on Facebook to catch specials. (A current summer special is $4 Titos Vodka for the summer.)+ Additionally look at their website calendar for deals. (Ex: Twenty-Twosdays = 1 app + a bottle of wine.)SEATINGMisters abound outside. Fireplace in the winter. Lighting almost makes you feel like you're in someone's backyard. Booths line one wall inside that seat four.People really want to sit outside. ESPECIALLY when Elvis Before Noon plays. If you have any interest in nabbing a seat on Sunday come early. It's ridiculous. Otherwise there is a bar setup in the back. People have been known to dance in the middle of everything. Kind of like watching someone shimmy at a wedding. You don't want to watch, but you can't help stare, in open fascination with your mouth open.FOODPretty good. And plenty of options for vegetarians and individuals who eat healthy. The sides are excellent to nibble on. (I'm a fan of sweet potatoes.) Can't go wrong with the guac and chips or "double down" hummus. Salads are delicious. My favorite is the prickly pear. Sharing is fun with the smoked salmon or deconstructed fish tacos. I've never met a daily flat bread I didn't like. (Note: These can be made vegetarian. The Vig will just remove meat. No additional customizations.) I've shared the banana bread pudding more times than I can count. (Shh!)MISCThis is a popular first date spot. I've run into other first dates here. I have NO idea why so many men want to take women here. Seating might be tough and you'll be hovering in the aisle trying to get a drink. Alternatively, you'll be seated up front waiting for a booth to open. (The Vig unfortunately doesn't have little beepers to hand out.) This place is kid friendly. But only in the way people bring tiny human beings and sprinkle them in with a bar crowd. I have no idea why this happens.And that's The Vig!
4	The pastor tacos are amazing. Closest pastor tacos I can find similar to tacos in Mexico. The edamame with garlic soy glaze can be a bit salty but delicious, service was ok. I'll be back
5	My new favorite place ever! I got the greek salad and mimosas (plural). who can beat a $5 mimosa?! Love this location and I plan to be back.
4	Cheesy Tater Tots...need I say more? The Vig offers a handful of different delish food items to choose from. They are expanding and just opened up a new location in McCormick Ranch that offers a late night menu. However, at their Uptown location my favorite drink on their signature cocktail menu is Take Bethany Home. It's refreshing and not overpowering, the perfect combination of ingredients. I highly recommend visiting The Vig closest to you!
5	Probably the best bowl of Posole that I have had In the valley. Very flavorful and best of all, they don't serve you just broth and a bone with bits of meat. It has big chunks if meat and full of flavor. For only 8 bucks... It's amazingI'm Mexican, and from San Diego and am quite picky on my Mexican food and how I rate it. This Posole is rivaled only by my moms. And from what I'm told, the chef flys his mom in to perfect the recipe... Great for rainy days, hang overs or a good lunch. I'm a regular here and there isn't much I don't like
5	My husband and I really enjoyed this place. I got the fish tacos & he got pazole. I normally don't like fish tacos but these were amazing and I took them home and ate the left overs the next day.
4	Best ceviche in town!
2	You ever get so excited to visit a eatery, and it ends up just being ok...The skinny My girlfriend and her Hawaii'n crew decided to meet up for a triple date about a week ago I have been anticipating this trip so much, I have been researching the menu and drinks. I originally wanted to go with Mac and cheese as I keep reading reviews but I was very hungry and love al pastor so I decided on the pastor street tacos (10$) and the Harlem shake (9$) our waitress was amazing she was always there when the table needed something. The Harlem shake was great but I didn't realize it came in a martini glass so I got laughed at by my group for having such a sex and the city drink lol. To me the best part of the meal was the banana bread pudding dessert (7$) the soft warm gooey taste of fresh banana bread pudding with a scoop of delicious vanilla ice cream everyone in my table enjoyed it.The bad Parking is horrible I ended up parking near a church and trekked my way over no big deal. The pastor tacos, for a lack of a better word was a huge let down not only did they look smaller than the appetizers, the al pastor was burnt and tasted like steak not like it had been marinating for days tortillas were a bit cold so made them taste different than they should. I was finished with my meal and still very hungry :-( I ended up trying a few other things from my tables order but felt bad. Overall I will be back to check out happy hour but for my money and appetite I will be going elsewhere for dinner. Great service staff.
4	Loved the outdoor patio! Super cute intimate lighting and misters. Great wine selection also! Perfect for a first date kinda night or a casual night out gossiping with the girls drinking wine. :)
5	Farewell to Phoenix Vig  for a while... We move up to Flagstaff and will miss you! Came in and saw Jason on our last night in Phoenix- and a new bartender (can't remember your name so sorry!) Had our signature achiote salmon, burger, and ceviche with a bottle of Spanish red. Hope to see you all soon... thanks for the good times... PS Jimmy you're the best!
5	The service is good and the atmosphere is great.  Just a relaxed vibe with good drinks and food.  Unfortunately, the parking is bad unless you could possibly get there at an off minute.
4	The Vig is one of those really hip restaurants that are popping up all over Arizona. It's where young people in their mid 20s-40s hang out to grab some good food and drinks. There's an outdoor and indoor area that are both pretty cool and great to hang out in as long as it's not summer in the blazing heat.As a group, we shared the wings, nachos, and sweet potato fries. If you are already there and need an appetizer to get, I definitely recommend the wings. The fries are fine but not better than you would get anywhere else. Nachos were okay as well. I think as a group, we enjoyed the wings the most.For the entree, I got the mac and cheese with bacon and oh my gosshhh. It is sooo goood. I already love mac and cheese because it has two of my favorite things (carbs & cheese), but the addition of bacon and whatever else they put in there was awesome. Just know that it is VERY heavy and unless you are hungry, you wont be finishing this meal in one sitting.
1	The food was good and the atmosphere is unique. Had to walk to the hostess station to get straws for water glasses, to-go containers, and water refills. My last mimosa contained a clumpy substance the consistency of a tapeworm and I had to spit it on the ground (see picture). I doubt I'll be back.
5	I visited the Vig last Monday and had the Best Turkey Sandwich with sweet potato fries. I don't know that it was the BEST turkey sandwich I've ever had, but it was definitely up there. :) The outdoor patio was also very cute and comfortable.
5	Great central location for meeting up with friends all over the area.  Wonderful food and reasonable prices. The happy hour deals are particularly amazing.  Had 4 really delicious fish tacos that were as good as the best of places in California and they were $6.  AMAZING cocktails!  The Whipped one, I forget the name, was the best drink I have had in a long time!  Bartenders are really helpful and friendly.
5	The saying goes "Let's just go to the Vig" always seems to apply. Just can't go wrong. Good food, good people, good times.
3	The Vig...where the flies are more popular than the people (if you seat outside) however I Loved my steak and eggs! The Steak was an exquisite piece ..tender and delicious..I wish they could do something to contain the flies ! This place would be more than amazing
2	This is my first 2 stars review.Ok food Was great but not everything is about food.The service could of been much better is our Sunday FunDay so we appreciate smily faces and that was missing!The boss boy the waitress and the hostess-everyone was just bland. Ultimately we treated more like an annoyance at not like customers that were coming to spend money with them. i will recommend the management reinforce smile :) Its so simple and it makes everyone day!
4	Good wings and burger deals! Their happy hour is decent and the edamame appetizer is bomb. Wine Sunday's are a treat, love the patio, friendly staff, and overall good service. My gripe would be their brunch menu at all the vigs - it's nothing decent, but that's nothing specific to this location. Minimal parking if you don't want to valet, which I never do, so ride your bike or bring cash to tip the valet peeps.
4	I really like the feel of this bar. I'm getting older and don't want the clubby scene of OldTown anymore. The wine selection was wonderful and I find its a nice place to hang out with your significant other or friends. Loved it.
3	I just do not understand the appeal.... a bunch of basic white yuppies congrating and overcrowding a cramped location. The live music: Overly loud bland grundge hits from the 90's... BORING(and they play non stop!!)The food - barely average and over pricedNo where to sit.....They allow to alley cats to reside there but allow no dogs on the patio
1	I go to the vig often because their burgers are pretty good and it's walking distance from my home. But last night my starving boyfriend and I went there and were turned away at the door because we weren't 21. The guy said that the vig is 21 and up after 9 pm on weekends even if you're only getting food? So that's a new rule or something because we always eat there late on the weekends. I won't be going back. Thought this was a restaurant, not a club. Boo, vig.
1	Rubbish..waited 20 mins seating while no one offered anything.. meanwhile sorted a restaurant close by with more personality. Waiter arrives after schmoozing for close to 30 mins At another table (you don't have to work that hard for a tip),  asking me what I wanted, lost my interest at this place already and I walked out
4	Mac n' Cheese is amazing!! Brought some girlfriends that were visiting from Seattle here and they loved the ambiance. It's definitely a trendy place. And plus they have sacks in the outdoor seating area.
4	I go here more for the ambiance and less for the actual food. The food isn't bad, but also not amazing. The French dip meat is not thin enough and doesn't make sense for it to be on a pretzel bun. Last time I was there I got the mac n cheese which was bomb, but the $2 add on of chorizo was a joke. There was barely any in there. The drinks are good and the vibe is awesome. Always receive good service, too.
5	I've been here a few times, and I always felt the wait staff were friendly and welcoming.  The prices are reasonable, the food has always been good [especially those Thai wings - yum!], and the decor is really nice.  Recommended for lunch, happy hour, or a casual dinner.
4	I absolutely love this place very classy great atmosphere good food reasonable prices however my biggest complaint is the parking and every time I drive by I always see people running a crossed it's a bit scary since they are never in the crosswalk.  I should say parking is available but across the street if this place had better parking it would get five stars for me for sure.
4	This place is great! I used to live in the Phoenix area and had a layover the other night. A friend grabbed me from the airport and took me straight to The Vig for drinks.The space is gorgeous. I loved the mix of indoor and outdoor seating, with the benefit of a fireplace, trees, and well-placed lighting. I also loved the bar kitty, what a cutie. We came in late on a week night, and it wasn't overly busy. The servers were friendly and helpful, with good tips on food and drink. I enjoyed my Irish Exit, although I hoped for a little more umph from the plum bitters. The nachos were amazing. We made quick work of them and I considered pushing for another plate. Kinda wish I had, they were that good.Don't know when I'll be Arizona way again, but I'd love to return to The Vig when I am.
1	$3 parking fee, and the valet has cones on every space. This is tantamount to a cover charge, and the food isn't THAT good.
5	Amazing outdoor patio. Love the atmosphere. Done a good job making it look awesome. Usually have live music. The Bloody Mary bar is a great deal, and bottomless mimosas are even better!! I don't even remember what I ordered but I know everything our party ordered was amazing and I'd go back in a heart beat. Think we sat and hung out for 4 hours just relaxing. Don't think the patio is dog friendly but that would make it that much better. Overall a must stop in phoenix area
4	You can never go wrong in going to the original VIG!I used to come here for 1/2 priced bottles of wine on Sundays... But now they have a twenty-two Tuesday special. You get a bottle of wine and one of their delicious apps for only $22. That's a steal!You can order their cheesy Tatter tots or get their trifecta hummus. All the apps are made to share and delectable in every bite.Their patio is perfect for a large party to sit next to the fireplace (we had 8 of us). This place will be my go to place for Tuesday Hh with the girls!
4	This place has some delicious food for sure.I can personally only speak for the Vigazz Burger, but dang, that was tasty, especially with the added Fried Egg.  Yum.Service was excellent.  One of the entrees for our group (The Prime Vig) came out a bit cold, but our waitress was very kind and quick to get it heated up.The patio is great.  I wish they had it a bit more open, and I don't love that they still allow smoking.  It is very cool that you can get Bocce Balls and play, though.  Fun for families and friends.Overall, a great choice for lunch.  ENJOY!
5	On a whim, my girl pals and I chose the Vig as one of our happy hour stops.  We had a wonderful time.  It was hump day and the place got packed fast while we were there.  The ambiance is aesthetically pleasing and the vibe makes you feel all grown up.  And, I might add,  it's a great choice for first-dates.  Everyone's plate looked delish.  I envied everyone's choice.  The Vig has something for all palettes.
5	Delicious, decadent, fun! This place is for everyone at night, casual to high heels. They are open late late LATE for night time snacking, so that rocks! Cheesy tater tots to start were amazing. The Moscow Mules were to die for.  Pad Thai was super delicious and SO HUGE it took a whole box to get it home. The macaroni and cheese is fully customizable, so bacon. There are lots of different places to sit inside and outside, so I imagine that every experience is new and fun with the change in ambiance. The fire pits looked inviting on a cold night.
4	Had three hours to kill before catching plane back to KC and had my nephew and his wife pick a spot close to airport.  The Vig was their choice.  It was Sunday at 4pm.  $3 Margaritas that were great!.  I had Posole.  Others has Phad Thai and Mac & Cheese.  Food, service, and atmosphere were very nice.  I'd go back!
4	This is a really fun place. The food is excellent! They have a pretty extensive drink list. The deserts were delicious! My only complaint: it's a bit noisy inside (all of that stone on the walls and ceiling makes it echo!). But otherwise, it's a great place, with great energy and a lot of fun! p.s. Parking is a drag -- there isn't enough of it nearby.
