2	I walked in, looking for the section with the least beige plaid. A quick tour around the room and even from ten feet away, I could tell they didn't have what I was looking for. I turned to head out. "Can I help you find something?" An older woman, standing at the counter by the door, looked up from her magazine to bark at me."Oh, uh, sure. I was looking for the Prorsum line," I replied, as politely as I could muster. "The what?" she said sharply, lowering her glasses to look at me over the top, her glance so suspicious I worried for a minute that I'd said "porno" or something by accident."The Burberry Prorsum line... by Christopher Bailey? It's the runway collection..." I trailed off, figuring there wasn't much point in standing here explaining to a lady that the store she worked in had a more stylish collection that she'd apparently never heard of.  "Oh," she sniffed, after I said 'runway.' "What do you want?" "From the collection?" I was baffled by her balance of apathy and antipathy. "I guess I just wanted to look at it in person. Just browse whatever was around, you know?" "We've got a book," she sniffed again, putting a lookbook on the counter. "You could order something, maybe." At this point, I was about to suggest that I wouldn't give her my business if she were the last clerk on earth, let alone the last clerk with unfounded pretension working at a poorly-stocked store in a suburban mall... but fortunately, another sales associate walked over and interjected. "Actually," he said, "We do have two purses from the collection over here, and it's not out on the floor, but we've got a skirt from the spring collection that was a return. We don't carry the Prorsum line here yet, but we should be getting more of the accessories for the fall. Would you like me to show you the purses?"And so he saved the store from a one star rating. Good job, clerk #2. Admittedly, a mall in Scottsdale wouldn't be my first guess for where to find the heavy leather jacket from the F2005 collection I was looking for. But sometimes strange outposts of more urban brands wind up with a sale rack of random leftovers from older collections (and the aforementioned customer returns of things purchased at other stores) and so it was worth a look. It would, however, have been more worthwhile if decorum hadn't prevented me from hurling the lookbook at the cranky biddy behind the counter.
5	Stumbled in here on Sunday evening looking for a bag to carry my Yorkie Puppy in when we go out on the town.  I had checked all the top designers like Gucci and Louis but was disappointed with those stores stock.  So coming here was a positive experience.Galoris, the sales associate, helped me find exactly the perfect bag,  Even the pooch loves it.  She was one of the sweetest, kind hearted sales associates I have seen in Scottsdale.This wasn't a large purchase for their store but she made me feel special. I will definitely go in here next time I am looking for something out of the ordinary.Thanks for the great service!
4	I think this store depends on the person shopping there.  Some people go in and leave angry they can't afford anything there, but you should know when you walk in it's going to be expensive.I must say there isn't much they have that I'm not in love with, however I wish they had more of a selection to pick from.  Sometimes you want to enter the store and look at something in person before you purchase it, you need to compare how it will rest on your shoulder or is that color you saw online, truly what you will get if you purchase the item.  It's not the end of the world though.I purchased a beautiful purse from here and I love it. I couldn't be more proud to walk around with it on my arm.
1	Worst customer experience of my life. I bought my mother a coat for Christmas. Their sizes fit very small and the coat did not fit her when we returned to the store we just wanted a larger size to fit. The stock woman in the back had to come out and help and she was the only nice and customer service oriented person there. They let us know they were out of the coat in any larger sizes. Then a salesperson came over certainly they could help us find her something else comparable in the size she needed. Instead we were informed they really made nothing else in a larger size but not in a discreet way in a way that embarrassed my mother. Shame on them number 1. Then they informed us they could not return the coat because we did not have the card present. Really?! We have an unused coat with receipt and I'm staring at the salesperson who sold it to me. I say I didn't have the card with me but could tell him the number to hand enter so that I didn't need to make another trip to return. Nope, that didn't work either. It is their policy to have the card present, again I'm staring at the salesperson who I worked with and remembered me from a week prior. I asked to call the manager. No we can not. Really wow, living up to the snottiness Burberry and ZERO customer service. I own a retail store and if I treated my clients like this I would be out of business. I will return with my card and be taking up with your corporate office and letting all my friends and family to never buy anything from you ever again.
