5	I am a physical therapist and prior to my current position,  I used to work in home health. During my stint with home health, I had many patients at this facility. The facility is very clean and beautifully decorated with lots of open space. They have an extensive activity program and have nice exercise and game rooms. Even with all of this, the th that I was most impressed with was the care and professionalism of the staff. The staff here was truly caring and attentive. As a health care professional, I notice many things on facilities like this that others might miss, and I must say that Prestige is a fantastic place if you are considering assisted living for yourself or a family member.
1	If I could give this place Zero stars I would.  They hire personnel with NO health care experience to run the Expressions (Memory Care) Unit.  My mother was a resident there (she had Alzheimers/dementia) until she passed away.  I didn't write a review prior as I feared that the care she received would be even worse.  Imagine visiting your Mother and finding her with food/dirt caked on her hands so thick that you had to scrub her hands before you could hold her hand to help her stand up.  Or how about taking her to get her hair done and her scalp had the worse case of "cradle cap" that the stylist had ever seen.  Her dr even advised the personnel at Prestige that they needed to do a better job washing her hair, use special shampoo and watch her while showering to make sure she washed the shampoo out if her hair.  The worst experience was when my mother fell and they sent her in an ambulance to the hospital with no paperwork or personnel fromPrestige with her.  She didn't even know who she was at this point!!!  By the time I got to the hospital the people there are trying to ask her questions and don't know why she can't answer them.  To cap off this awful experience when my mother's death was imminent I sent an email with explicit instructions as to what they were to do when she passed.  I was assured "your directives will be followed".   Needless to say THEY WERE NOT!!!!!!!  I called to check on my mother at 8:30 in the morning to see how she was doing that day and was told what they did for her the night prior.  When I questioned them again I was told "Oh she died at 3:00 this morning didn't anyone call you?"  When I got ahold of the facility director all I got from her was"I guess we messed up."  Real compassion there.  Maybe they spend all there time making the place look nice and playing games but they sure missed the boat when it came to taking care of my mother.  If you are going to have to put a loved one here you might want to think again.  For $4,500 per month you think you would be able to get better care.  If we could have taken care of my mother in our own home I would have.  If we had unlimited resources I would have moved her to another place.
5	My 102 year old Mother in Law was here at Prestige for a couple of months and our experience was Excellent. Mostly because of the very compassionate, caring and understanding personal. They treated her and us wonderfully.
