4	Very nice facility. Some of the staff were great and others need a swift kick in the tail. The VA has far too much nepotism and needs to clean house.
3	I've had good experience with the doctors at this location but the check-in staff leaves something to be desired. It takes a long time to get an appointment and they sometimes change your appointment time with very short notice. Parking is TERRIBLE! Plan on getting here at least 30 minutes early to allow time to find a parking spot and still get checked-in on time.
2	I was referred here by the NW clinic.  I show up early as requested and get in late  both times I have been here, and by the way, both times they changed my appointment dates. I'm thinking they need to do a better job on there appointments.  Told the nurses and doctors I have never had so many appointments rescheduled between the clinic and the hospital.  All told me the we are very busy. Maybe they should see how a civilian hospital controls the appointment system. I was in the VA system in from another state.  The doctors here (at the hospital) pretty much discount everything the VA has done for me up to this point.  There is no need for the follow-ups as recommended by a VA doctor from another state.Not impressed.
4	State of the art medical equipment. Advanced facility. Very easy to get to and the emergency room is easily accessible. I haven't been seen here yet but I know someone who has been seen a few times now. The staff is great, they make you feel comfortable and welcome and do everything they can to set you at ease. The waiting room is comfortable and has a large flat screen TV. There is access to vending machines with both bad and healthy snacks as well as the much needed coffee. Gave it 4 stars because the emergency room wait is long. Longer than your average emergency room wait. But this should improve with the addition of 20 rooms which they are working on as I type.
4	Very clean and friendly staff plus it isn't nearly as busy as most VA hospitals. We will see how my fiances appt goes. Hopefully they help him.
1	Horrible!!! This is no way to treat veterans! The doctor that attended to me was so unprofessional he kept saying "do you know what I'm sayin?" too much slang! I felt like I was talking to some one on the street. It's was so uncomfortable I wouldn't even talk to my friends like that I not want my doctor that is supposed to be educated to speak to me like he's in the hood.
5	My dad went in On tues on an emergency and he doesn't live here. They took us right in, paperwork already in system from his home state. Everyone so nice , helpful , above and beyond, doctor was great and very attentive and thorough. The place is awesome and very clean. I hate hospitals but this one was so great !! Even my dad who is 87 said he could not be receiving better care . In regards to his issues they would not release him until they were certain all was well. Thanks VA. That's how we treat our veterans!!keep up the good work :)
4	Love the new hospital. Very ample and accommodating. The volunteers are awesome. Always ready to help. We're pleased with service and level of professionalism. Waiting for appointments does take 2-3 months, OT PT & ST are so overbooked. Wish there was another facility closer to our home. Overall we are satisfied....  But, there is room for improvement in many departments
4	Love the new hospital. Very ample and accommodating. The volunteers are awesome. Always ready to help. We're pleased with service and level of professionalism. Waiting for appointments does take 2-3 months, OT PT & ST are so overbooked. Wish there was another facility closer to our home. Overall we are satisfied....  But, there is room for improvement
5	Went in to pick up a friend who is a retired Captain in the Army.  Reading everything in press last two years about Veteran Hospitals candidly i didn't know what to expect.  But from the moment I pulled in to the minute we left I experienced nothing but efficient,  friendly and knowledgeable staff and volunteers.   In terms of equipment that I noticed I couldn't think of anywhere having more up to date.  Also, want to note how clean everything was.Compared to the experiences I've had at regular hospitals this blew them away.
