5	I had surgery on both eyes, and my vision is now 20-20, that's great considering what it was before I went to the good doctor.  Like most folks, I had an aversion to someone working on my eyes, but this was professional, cordial, even pleasant.  The office is very efficiently run, with little downtime or waiting.  Any question I had was answered completely, and the entire staff, from the receptionist at entry, to the surgeon, seemed genuinely interested and caring.  I couldn't ask for better in any category.
5	Knowing I needed cataract surgery and being relatively new to Las Vegas, I asked a friend who knows a scrub nurse that works with many different eye doctors who she would use if it were her or a member of her family who needed this procedure. Without hesitation she said Dr. Pizio.  So I went to see her. I have never been so impressed with a doctor in my life.  She is down-to-earth, personable and exceptionally competent.  She answered every question, allayed every fear and her friendly and efficient staff took care of everything.  The trip to the surgery center went just as efficiently. The procedure took five minutes and was totally painless.  I can see the bright colors of the world again and couldn't be happier!
5	I am totally stoked how my vision has been restored to 20/20 following cataract surgery by Dr. Aron Waite!  Above and beyond the medical procedures, the Doctor and his staff are 100% patient oriented.  The Henderson office is very efficient and friendly. If my appointment was for 2:30, I saw the doctor at 2:30. This I am sorry to say is not the norm for Las Vegas, but it appears to be a goal for new eyes!As for the actually surgery, I have haircuts that were less comfortable! I would recommend neweyes to anyone contemplating cataract surgery. I give them 6 stars out of 5!!Lonny Dolezal
1	DON'T BELIEVE OTHER REVIEWS MOST WRITTEN BY FRIENDS AND FAMILY OF THE PRACTICE.Called THREE TIMES to verify my insurance and told them EVERY TIME MORE THAN ONCE that I did not think my insurance would cover the visit I was told OVER AND OVER that it would be ok. I 100% made sure to tell the to PLEASE call insurance company SEVERAL TIMES EVERY PHONE CALL AND when I went in after having a serious eye issue that I waited weeks for I was not covered, had to take the day off work, and was treated RUDELY by the staff who also did not even know how to tell me how to get to their location. They were clueless in giving a good description where in relation they were to other business complexes and knowing north, south, west and east. Not one person in the office could give even mediocre directions.HORRIBLE HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE, UNPROFESSIONAL STAFF !!!!!!!
