5	I switched my lawn service six months ago to Palms Away from the corporate lawn company I was using previously. It is great to have a local, family owned company who actually cares about my yard and keeps my yard looking top notch. They take care of all regular maintenance, fertilizing, and tree trimming. Marcy and her team pay attention to detail and go above and beyond. It is normal business for them to pull weeds by hand, do a final walk through each week, and tidy up my patio when they are done. It is great to come home on a Friday to a perfect lawn and see that the pool toys are picked up, the grill cover was put on the grill, and that the patio furniture is neatly arranged. Finally, a lawn company that cares!
5	Had to find a new lawn service after the one I was using closed up shop.  Where to look but Yelp!  Saw the good review and called up Marcy to have her come and give me an estimate.  What a great experience.  Nice, friendly, punctual!  They did a great job.  The shrubs and bushes were done as  I requested (I hate it when they trim them so short, I lose the shade over my bedroom window), they hand pulled weeds, and they even went above and beyond and cleaned up the dog poop!  The price was reasonable and they worked with me on my schedule (I work nights) and even got it all done before my company arrived the next day.  So glad I found them, with a little help from yelp, ofcourse.
5	Since my husband was out of town, I had let the yard get out of control! I had no idea who to call so went to Yelp for reviews and found Palms Away. Marcy and her crew are fabulous!  Marcy was prompt to return my calls and to service our lawn. They call you by name and explain everything they are going to do. They worked so hard on such a hot day in our front and back yard. They cut oleanders, replaced a tree, installed sod, planted flowers, trimmed everything,  etc. She picked out the most beautiful flowers and ficus tree for our yard. They did a meticulous job with a smile!  We will never use any other lawn service!
1	We have been using Palms Away for the last ten years for trimming of our 13 date palm trees for our business property.  We used them in July this year in which they did not use tarps on the ground.   This unfortunately caused the dates to stain the sidewalks.  After asking them to clean the sidewalks, they came out and attempted to get rid of the stains.  At this point they must have figured that removing the stains would have been more expensive than the fee for the initial job.   In the end, they did not stand behind their work!
