4	We were so excited not to have to schlep up to W. Lake Mead when this location opened.  Great burgers. I had the Baja Burger as is on the menu.  Generous portion and cooked perfectly.  The onion straws were good as well.  I'm planning on trying one of their Smashdogs next time.  Probably because it was opening day, the staff was very attentive.  and clean.  It's only about 1.3 miles from my house so I see great walking opportunities in the Fall & Winter.  Great easy to get into location.  In spite of the bad economy here, I think they will be a great success.
3	I ventured here today for lunch since my colleagues at work have been raving about it. They evidently don't offer the option of calling in an order for takeout, which disturbed me a little. The girl on the phone stated they only take orders in person. I had the Classic Smashburger and sweet potato fries. The burger itself was very tasty, juicy and flavorful. The crisp pickles were great along with the leaf lettuce. I like the sauce as well, sort of similar to In-n-out's secret sauce. My only complaint was that by the time I got it back to my office to eat it, the bun had soaked up so much juice it left it mushy. The fries were casualties as well, limp greasy potatoes. The rosemary and garlic seemed to overpower the sweet potato fries, but it may have been more because of the lack of crispiness that left a bad taste in my mouth. I vow to eat inside the restaurant next time, because this place certainly has potential!
4	We've been to the W. Lake Mead Blvd. location several times and wanted to try the newest location (which is closer to where we usually stay when we're in Las Vegas).  We brought some friends and family with us (who had never had Smashburger before).  They liked it so much that we went twice during our trip.  Yes, Smashburger two days in a row.The Good:+LOVE their Sin City burger (fried onions, bacon, and a fried egg).  Too bad I can't get it at Smashburger locations in other cities.+Brother-in-law was totally into the Spicy Baja burger+Service: these employees tried really hard to make sure we had a good time (in a very sincere, not-annoying way).  One even offered to take our cups up and refill them (at the self-service beverage station).+The meat: well seasoned, well cooked.+Fried dill pickle chips: probably won't get them every time, but we all liked them.+Delicious chocolate shake+Easy parking+They have Splenda (but it doesn't matter since I don;t like Tazo tea)The Bad: -The fries: very greasy.  Not into the whole adding olive oil after frying thing.-Iced Tea: we don't like Tazo iced tea.  Personal preference, just don't like the taste of it.-Why no seat covers in the bathrooms?Overall, this location is off to a very good start.
4	Fried egg on any burger is phenomenal.  The nice thing is that you can go with their creations or create your own masterpiece.  Las Vegas definitely needed another burger joint and this is it.
3	We decided to try this burger joint today, after one of our friend said that he heard good things about it.  They have beef and chicken burger, sides (potato/sweet potato fries, onion rings, fried pickles, veggi fries, and chili), hot dogs, and for the healthy concious, the salads. When you order the sides with the meal, it is one buck less.  This is what I had:-Baja Burger (very good, the way the patty is smashed made it quite tender, and crispy on the edges)-Beefy Chili (was yummy, Tobasco would have made it super yummy)-Sweet potatoes fries tossed in olive oil, rosemary (was a little burnt, and the olive oil and rosemary was not a good match, to me at least)-Haagan Daz Caramel Shake (taste like plain vanilla, they might have made this wrong!)We had six other people in the group, and we came to the consensus that the burgers were good, with one person making a bold statement that now he doesn't have to go to In-N-Out.  One of my friend who doesn't eat beef, ordered the chicken club salad, which came in a gigantic bowl.  She enjoyed it very much.  The staff was very nice.  I would definitely go back and eat again if I am near that area.
3	burgers are awesome, place is a bit pricey, way overcrowded during the times I have been there and the sides (onion strings and fries) were just ok. Definitely a must try though at least one time.
5	A nice flavorful spin on an otherwise bombed out and depleted American favorite.A little background on the reviewer: i HATE burgers. Most of the bbqs my group had during my military service days were mostly dominated by frozen pre-made burger patties and bland tasteless buns dominated with ketchup and mustard to offer some taste to the otherwise lame and boring mass produced then frozen and shipped or mass baked and full of preservatives buns. Since these days i have ensured no patties of any type is allowed on my own personal home grill. Every time i crave a burger i strictly stick to my favorite chain: In n Out or Sonics.Smash Burger renews my faith in burgers. Someone dumped a whole bunch of menus on the tables of the little area at the Charleston CSN campus i like to hang out in after class. Out of curiosity i picked one up and browsed. A few types of burgers made my mouth water specifically the Sin City and the Baja as well as their Smash Fries. I informed a buddy of mine and we made it a point to check out. A few days later we barely made it with half an hour before closing time. The first thing that struck me was the price and the size of the portions for 1/3rd lb patty burgers. A single burger in a 1/3rd lb side is roughly the price of a chain's value meal but does not include drink or fries. 'This better be the best damn burger i've ever ate' I thought to myself. The second thing that struck me was the tip jar. There were two twenties, a five and a few tens in there...wow they must be doing SOMETHING right.So we ordered out burgers: One Sin City, One Baja, reg fries, smash fries and two waters. The burgers were Med-Well due to store policy they wouldnt go med-rare but offered med-well. They also cut the burgers in half at our request.The soda fountain was nicely stocked in the fact that they had fresh (not dry but soft and juicy) lemon wedges.Burgers and fries came roughtly 15 minutes later. First impression: Damn i forgot to ask for no onions on the Sin City my bad... Second Impression: Wow this burger is fresh...Very Fresh...OMFG I THINK I'M BURNING MY TONGUE WITH THIS BURGER! SPIT IT OUT! no wait...this is actually pretty good....OH GOD MY TONGUE IS BURNING!!True story i actually burned my tongue on the first bite. The Sin City Burger is something you'd want to eat everyday but dont because you dont want to begin to count the calories. Very flavorful due to the fried eggs and fried onions, the Smash Sauce they use has a nice zing to it as well. VERY impressed even if it did render my taste buds numb for the next few days.The Baja burger was something else entirely. Most 'spicy' burgers (that arent chicken) have such a heat to it that there's no flavor. Others have flavor but just a little hint of heat. the Baja was PERFECTLY BALANCED and was amazing. First bite i could taste the bun and the sauce a few chews later intergrated the juicy beef and between third and fourth the heat began to rise. The second bite reset the whole experience right down to the end.The standard fries were standard fries but the oil they used was changed out recently and it showed int he quality.The smash fries were a bit greasy but had a very nice rosemary essence. In my opinion they were too weak on the garlic and too heavy on the olive oil. Despite the higher price compared to fast food chains my comrade and made several notations to the staff that they'll be seeing us again and more frequently in future.Overall i would highly recommend this place to anyone who enjoys a flavorful burger.In the future i'd like to try the veggie fries and add garlic mushrooms to the Sin City and Baja burgers.
5	FINALLY I made it to @smashburgerlv and boy was I glad I did!!!GREAT Burgers!! Excellent selection of Sides & Fantastic Shakes!!!1st time out I had to try the Mushroom+Swiss Burger which was OVER the TOP good, 2nd time I had to go for the BAJA Burger which was great as well.The burgers remind me alot of Fuddruckers with a great selection of fresh toppings but the sides are unique and quite incredible especially the pickle chips and veggie frites.BEEFY CHILI IS THE BOMB!!!!!!!Since this location is right across the street from the Village Square Cinemas its a good spot to fill up before seeing a movie instead of paying $12 for a popcorn & soda :) Prices are fair for a sit-down burger joint and service is SUPER-Friendly
4	Really tasty burger.  The meat is well seasoned and juicy.  Sides are so so, especially the fried vegetables which were extremely greasy.  Basic fries are pretty good but not the best.
4	I've been to the other SmashBurger on Lake Mead, this one seems to be larger.I got the SmashChicken with the SmashFries and it was just the right amount of food.For those watching their calories: On LiveStrong.com, the SmashBurger is 1010 calories!   However the SmashChicken is only 380 calories.  SmashFries are 150 calories.This place was surprisingly fast, as we got there right before lunch.The restaurant was very clean, the employees were very nice and checked up on us multiple times during our visit.For a tip, if you're racing people to the register, remember to run for the door facing the West (Fort Apache) or else you'll be stuck in the maze of tables and lose! :)This one is going on my work lunch rotation list!
2	I apparently hold a minority opinion, but I might as well chime in.On the down side:The burger was very greasy and salty. I love the idea of the veggie frite and they would have been tasty if they weren't so salty.On the up side:The bun was kind of uniquely sweet (in a good way) and the lettuce, tomato, and onion all looked very fresh and tasty. Though this is a fast food place, a young man offered to refill my drink for me. Also, the manager came over and asked how my meal was. I appreciated that he cared about the customer experience. He says that I can ask for less salt next time.p.s. I'm not surprised that the burger is a whomping 1000+ calories! If you love a good, greasy burger, this just might be your place. I might go back and try the chicken since it sounds much healthier.
4	Rumor has it that these burgers are 1000 calories .... instead of staying away from them I just thought I'd better eat it right after work so I have time to burn it off ! I had my Spicy Baja burger and salt-less fries to go. My burger had pepper jack cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, onion, chipoltle mayo, and fresh jalapenos on a chipoltle bun. I have never been to a place that served fresh jalapenos on their burger. It was nice and crisp and the chipoltle mayo didn't have a weird after taste. It was tasty and so were the fries. I liked that they had a enclosed box for the food because I hate driving with fries flying everywhere! I will definitely add it to my "I'm too lazy to cook after work list".
3	After having bachi burger a few days ago I've been craving it ever since.  Since its a bit far for me i decided to compromise and go for smash burger because i remember it being fairly decent last time i went.Got the sin city burger with smash fries this time.  The burger was decent, the onions were grilled nicely and had a lot of flavor but for some reason the burger just wasn't satisfying.   The smash fries were way too weak on the garlic and it was extremely greasy.  There was an actual puddle oil/grease at the bottom which was pretty disgusting.Overall, I left with a gross oily after taste and will probably be burping up grease for the rest of the night.To finish my burger obsession for the weak I gota compare this place to fuddruckers and then the fukuburger truck.  Stay tuned...
4	Great food - I had a BBQ burger and fries and a coke. The onion rings were thin cut, and the bun was sweet. Fries were perfectly done, and the coke was coke.My brother had a chicken sandwich and so did my mother. My brother also had the chocolate shake. Great customer service: after you order you sit down and someone brings you the food. My brother mistakenly ordered a burger when he meant chicken, so the guy went back and got him a chicken. Another waiter type came up and refilled my drink for me. This is kind of unheard of for a burger place.Still, I hesitate to go back. The bill was almost 30 dollars and while the customer service was great, and the food was good, it feels like a lot of money to spend on burgers and fries.
4	Pros:The burgers are HUGE.Fries aren't half bad.I kind of dig the vibe of the place.VERY good customer service.Cons:Kind of overpriced for burgers and fries.Weird special sauce.Smashburger is quite the find. I was shocked to realize it was a chain, but that doesn't take away from how good it is. Look forward to going back when I have money to blow.
3	Very Clean rest rooms, new concept with regards to burgers. You have a more choices than in & out burger.
5	Went for the first time today.....Wonderful!I didn't understand the seating at first but I went in through a side door instead of the front.  You will understand when you get in.  I love that they have monus everywhere.  Everything is simplfied yet elegant at the same time.  They even have 2 different size patties!  We came in late during a full moon....apparently everyone was starving for Smash Burger tonight because they ran out of 1/2 burger patties!  I ordered sweet potato fries and they were great.  My favorite thing was the customizable burger I created for myself.  I felt like there were no boundaries.  All in all, for those of us that love burgers.....this is a must try!I welcome Adam Richman from MAN VS FOOD to try this.  Go Smash Burger!!!!
5	Smashburger is better than In-N-Out!!I can't believe it myself. I have liked In-N-Out for years, but the burgers here are 10x better! I ordered the 1/3 lb All American smashburger. Mmmm, the beef patty came out hot, juicy and tender. The entire burger was just so damn good! The patties are much bigger in comparison to In-N-Out. On my very first visit here, I didn't have much of an appetite. But ended up ordering the Chili Cheese Dog, which turned out to be pretty good too! Their chili doesn't have beans so that is a definite plus in my book!Customer service here is excellent! Friendly greeting when you walk in and the cashier will explain the menu if you are a newcomer. I also like how you can create your own burger, great for picky eaters like me! An employee will bring out your food to your table and will check back with you to ask how the food was. Gotta love that!The one thing that didn't impress me here was the regular French fries. This is the only thing I actually like better at In-N-Out. Not somewhere I could eat at all the time because of all those calories, but I will definitely be back!!
4	Today was my first time visiting this place. As soon as I walked in the door, I saw several people waiting at different tables for their orders and they all had big smiles on their faces and everyone seemed excited for their order to arrive.  I walked up to the counter and immediately experienced great guest service.  I placed my order (pretty basic, just a cheeseburger with the wheat bun) and ordered the smash onions instead of fries.  As I paid, WITHOUT even asking, the guy gave me a cup for water while I waited. I reallly liked this, because so many other places give u a dirty look of inconvenience if u ask for one.  I only waited a few minutes and my to go order was ready.  I enjoyed the burger very much, it was very juicy, the smash fries were good and I loved the sauce.  I think the prices for the side of smash onions $2.99 with the burger $3.99 without was pretty pricey but the price for the burgers are fine.  I would definitely go back again.
3	Smashburger reminds me of a.. upscale Carl's Jr, the seats and decor are levels ahead of Carl's Jr.I ordered the Sin City burger since it has egg, and recently I had Fukuburger's tamago (which also has egg), so I wanted to do a comparison of egg burgers. Honestly the Sin City burger was way too salty, after finishing it I downed a liter of water. The bun was different, in a good way and the patty was tender. The 1/2 lb burger @ $6.99 was a fair price, but the Tamago at fukuburger ($5) is a better value for a less salty version. The smash fries were good, when you add them onto a sandwich it is only $1.79 and you receive a fair amount. I haven't had anything else on the menu, but I would stop by here for a burger if I was in the area.
4	Came in late on my only day off about 9:30 pm. Didn't have much expectation, but this place delivered. The girls helping out were very friendly. I didn't know what to order, so I asked what was good. The "Smash Burger" she replied. Without even looking at the menu, I agreed to the recommendation. Wow. Egg? Are you seriously awesome? Fries were o.k. seasoned, but crispy non-the-less. The only thing I didn't like --which may make others feel nice and comfy-- is the cookie-cutter atmosphere. Feels like I'm in the Smash Factory or P.F. Burger. lol. Other than that, good job guys!
4	I LOVE SALT. If you are one of those freaks that doesn't like salt, don't bother coming here - I can't imagine you'd like it very much. Sin City Burger (1/3 lb, $5.99) - american cheese, fried egg, bacon, onions (I requested none), and smash sauce (on the side). I can't comment on the bun as I ate this bad boy bunless. The bacon was a bit soggy for my taste (I like crisp bacon), but the egg was PERFECT, and the meat was delicious. Salty, yes, but I can handle that ! Smash sauce wasn't anything special (mayo, mustard and sweet relish), but I snagged some of my coworker's chipotle mayo and that was slammin. When served bunless you don't get a lettuce wrap, which is fine, but would have been a nice touch. Veggie Frites ($2.99) - HELL YES. A low carb french fry substitute!! So happy! Carrots, asparagus, and green beans flash fried in oil. Sadly they were a little limp (maybe they could bake them instead to give them more of a satisfying "crunch?"), but I'd still order them again. It's pleasing when companies think outside the potato!! Overall a nice alternative to my typical In n Out. More toppings, fun sides, and a meatier burger.
3	I'm still trying to feel out Smashburger.  The first time I went there, I had the Spicy Baja (pepper jack cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, onion, chipotle mayo, jalapenos, chipotle bun).  The guacamole was the dominant flavor (which probably hid any spiciness that was there), with everything else blending together that in the end made for a burger with a flavor crisis.  I also had the Smashfries (tossed with rosemary, olive oil and garlic), which didn't leave much of an impression on me.  Fries with a very mild garlic flavor, nothing special.  After that meal I didn't really feel the urge to go back.Until tonight.  Why did I end up here?  I really, really wanted a tasty burger; Smashburger was my second choice.  My first choice was Slider Truck behind Yogurtland with a really long line despite only being there for 20 minutes.  Me being hungry and not wanting to wait in line, I headed down Fort Apache to this Smashburger.  This time I had the 1/2 lb Sin City Smashburger ($6.99, fried egg, bacon, American cheese, grilled onions, haystack onions, smash sauce, egg bun), no fries.  So with this experience, it was out with the guac and in with the salt.  Not to the point that makes it inedible, but enough to keep it noticeable as you keep eating.  The fried egg and onions definitely led to a good combination of flavors that satisfied my burger needs.Would I come back here?  I would, but I wouldn't go back for the two burgers I've already had.  Hopefully I can find a burger that is a bit more balanced with the toppings, since the beef is good.  Three stars until I find that burger.Photos:Sin City Smashburger: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/diY31IEunbV8MfDh81FS1A?select=suC52UmuLRsAmRKSFn22xgSin City Smashburger toppings: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/diY31IEunbV8MfDh81FS1A?select=JY4rpXYviol1dIPPOWsY0wAwesome condiment holder: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/diY31IEunbV8MfDh81FS1A?select=V3pvT3Op7rybw2xYxVYO4gYelp love!: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/diY31IEunbV8MfDh81FS1A?select=-dnGD5mHelYtkYVpyuQyYQ
3	Not even close to In-N-Out quality but burger is good like your grandma makes in her skillet.  However, the patty is a little dry. Probably since the "100% Angus Beef is smashed on the grill".  Bad technique for burgers since smashing patties squeezes the juices from them. French fries are very unspectacular.  Dinning room is your basic strip mall sub-leased space but decent decor.  Great shakes with real Haagen-Dazs ice cream. One area where SB separates itself from the others is they have iced mugs for their root beer and have beer and wine as well.  Was expecting more because of the hype, but burger was pretty good anyway.  Not on the same level as In-N-Out or Five Guys but definitely better than your normal fast food burger joint.
3	The fact that you can't truly customize the burgers here without getting charged an arm and a leg is what caused me to drop the grade to 3 stars. Although the burger I had was amazing(I forget the name but it had egg, bacon, onion strings, and an amazing sauce) I can't overlook the fact that the prices are much more expensive than CREATE which is literally 2 feet down the street.The rosemary fries were a great touch but sadly for $2 you get about 10 fries which is frankly a huge ripoff. Although the experience overall was a great one, sometimes you can't overlook pricing. Too bad!
3	You know, Smashburger falls into the middle of my burger list, not the best but not the worst. They do have a couple of really tasty items on the menu. Go for the veggie frites instead of fries, its a nice change. The best thing on their menu is a burger you can only get in Vegas locations.. Yea I am talking about you Sin-City Burger. Keep the defibrillator handy after chowing down on one of those because you might die from your sins. ha ha zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
5	A good mix between fast food and restaurant atmosphere. Employees are extremely nice and pleasant to eat there. Good real juicy burgers that taste fresh and can get a bit messy. A nice change of pace in the burger world.
5	I came here last night for a Yelp event . The mission was to taste test milkshakes. I was happy to find out the Oreo Cookie Shake was not in a small Dixie cup...it was regular size! The shake was so good it had just the right amount of cookies in it and it had a creamy texture that was just right! It's not like some places where you have to wait until the shake melts a little so you can drink it through a straw. I was happy about that.. I also had a salad which was delicious!  I know salads and milkshakes aren't the healthiest paring in the world but it hit the spot!  The salad had strips of fried chicken in there that really packed a crunch! The fresh Spinach and crispy bacon, with the Honey Mustard dressing really complimented each other. There was also something else in there I couldn't quite place but it tasted a little buttery which was an added treat.
3	Stopped by here with Anthony M and Jieun L before the CMYE Milkshake Tasting started so we could grab a bite before the place got packed. What I ordered:Mushroom Swiss Burger Smash FriesRoot Beer (IBC)The burger was good. The fries were not seasoned enough and just tasted like regular fries. The root beer was good cause they gave me an ice cold mug to pour it into.
5	I've been seeing the reviews for Smash Burger and when I heard that they opened up one near us we decided to give it a try. We walk in and the setup is just like at Fudruckers. Order at the cashier and have a seat but instead, they bring the food out to your table. The cashier was very helpful and really nice. I forgot what the burger's called but it had guac, onions and jalapenos... I asked for the jalapenos on the side, no big stink like at other places I've been to. I was really impressed with the burgers. They were juicy and the toppings were yummy! The patty to bread ratio was pretty good. Bussers were really nice and very accommodating. We'll be back. :)
3	Smashburger - have heard about it from friends and read favorable reviews on Yelp.  Was able to sample their menu recently at their W. Sahara/Fort Apache location and I couldn't believe that I have never noticed it being there, since i drove past it on a regular basis on my way to the West Sahara Library or Boca Park.  The restaurant is cheerfully decorated and have seating for about 80 people. The menu on the wall is nice and large, so you can read and ponder which item to try on your visit or ask the friendly and helpful cashier for their recommendations.These are the items I have tried thus far (for menu item description you can easily navigate to their menu page on the SM website):BBQ Ranch Smashchicken - overall a good chicken burger, which was nicely flavored and juicy. Haystack Onions - works inside the burgers, but not as a standalone sides.  Why?  It was why over salted and over fried (at least the one I was served).Sweet Potato Smashfries - I like it!  The rosemary and garlic flavor is subtle and enhances the yummy earthy treat.Honey Mustard Chicken Salad - I think this is a good salad, but the breading of the chicken is not mixed very well, since some pieces are really salty and others are just good.  I like their Honey Mustard dressing.  Salad is a decent size, but I would like to see a little more for $7.Oreo Milkshake - New item on their menu and it was good.  Although I still prefer the one from Jack In the Box better.Chocolate Milkshake - Good chocolate flavor, can never good wrong with this one.Overall, I think Smashburger is a good burger joint that is a little different from the major national chains and worth giving it a try.  And in my book is a 3-3.5 stars eatery.  Why not a higher rating? Price is on the high side for fast casual burgers and fries.
3	I'll probably go back.  But I think I would rather have Red Robin over Smashburger.  The only plus: it was cheaper than Red Robin.  And there isn't a Red Robin near my house.So after hearing about this place and seeing a few in town (and a couple back in Michigan) my husband and I finally ventured to Smashburger.I created my own: egg bun, 1/3 burger (you can chose either a 1/3 lb. burger or 1/2 lb burger), tomato, sauteed onions and the smash sauce on the side.  What is smash sauce?  I'm pretty sure its mustard, mayo, pickle relish and not sure what else.  It was ok.  The sauteed onions were so hot that a day later my tongue is still burned.  (-1 star for that)  However, I really liked the meat on the burger.  It had great taste and was juicy.My husband ordered the BBQ, Bacon & Cheese, 1/2 lb. burger.  He said that it was good and would go back.The fries, called Smash Fries = rosemary, olive oil & garlic.  I could have done without that for sure.  They are different than what you would get anywhere else, but would I order them again?  Probably not.  I also wish they would tell you that the side of fries is enough for sharing (-1 star).  So for two burgers, two fries and two soda's our total was like $21.00.  Not bad at all.They have something for everyone (burgers, chicken, hot dogs, salads).  You can order online too!Something that I thought was cool, they have a slightly different menu for each city.  For instance, for Las Vegas, they have a burger called Sin City Smashburger.  But if you go to Michigan, they have the Michigan Olive Smashburger and the Michigan Cherry, BBQ, Bacon & Cheese Smashburger.  It looks like they really try to cater to the likes of the state, which is pretty neat.Here is the link to the Vegas Menu: http://www.smashburger.com/menu_vegas.php
3	We really want to like this place, but it suffers from inconsistency.The first time we came here, our orders came out within 10-15 minutes. The burgers were terrific: juicy and delicious. Their smashfries (tossed with olive oil, rosemary, and garlic) and sweet potato fries were very good.During our second visit, the difference was night and day. It took over 30 minutes from when we ordered to get our food. My burger was extremely well done to the point of being dry and charred. My wife's smashcobb salad was very small for the price and unappetizing as well. Veggie frites were a complete miss and consisted of oily veggies with no crispy coating. The only decent thing about that meal was the regular fries. Were we even dining at the same restaurant?The third time I came for a CMYE. My order was ready within 15 minutes. I tried one of their new BBQ Ranch chicken sandwiches which was very tasty. However, this time the smashfries were soggy from too much olive oil. I also tried a strawberry shake which was not bad.When this places fires on all cylinders, it merits a solid 4 stars. When things fall flat, it only barely deserves 2 stars. Until it addresses its lack of consistency, I'm assigning it 3 stars.
3	Service was great -- Bun to meat ratio was decent. I didn't care for the rosemary garlic OILY fries, as soon as they cooled off they were soggy and not very pleasing to the stomach..I did enjoy the flavorful meat, it was quite juicy. I ordered a mushroom swiss and I dont think they gave enough of the fixings. The children's menu was your average selection. The size of the meal was good for children under 5. Otherwise if you had children 12 and under they'd be screaming for more the portion is a bit small. I, myself go to fudruckers and order a kids meal and am completely stuffed! I dont think I'd be trying this place for AWHILE. But I do give credit that their meat is very tasteful. But I like where I can pile my condiments and fixings myself at fud's, which is not to far away from here.
3	I really want to like this place because everything I ate here was free, BUT that's not really a good reason to put this in a 4 star category. This is really on par with In and Out but with slightly better service. By better service, I mean they bring food to your table with a smile.Just think Johnny Rockets without the singing and cheesiness. At this point, just come to my table and take my order already. I'm ultra selective in my caloric contents per day so to put that pressure on me while people behind are waiting to order is just plain annoying. I'll just end up ordering everything on my burger and it'll come out tasting like compost, extra salty! As for the milkshake, Johnny Rockets has the best milkshake on earth. The remaining is served in a frosty metal cup that is begging to be scooped with your tongue. Oh wait I'm suppose to be reviewing Smashburger.... enough said.
4	Other than a little too SALTY,  I loved Smash Burger.  I had the Sin City Burger,  a freshly smashed patty from angus ground beef, fried egg, bacon, onion shoe strings and smash sauce. Yummy good.   the Sweet Potato Fries tossed in Rosemary and garlic were different and tasty.  Rick had the jalapeno burger and regular rosemary fries.  He wasn't a big a fan,  but I thought it was great.Well he also likes football and I don't, so go figure!
2	What a disappointment! This place is plagued by inconsistent food and servce. My family and I have dined here a half dozen times since it opened and have had mixed results. When it's good it's really good, but if you can't be consistent then what can you be? We ate there for dinner last night. The guy behind the counter put us on hold while he made some shakes. He was also the one to deliver our food. Since we had dined there several times before, we knew that the onion straws and the fried pickles came with sauces. There were no sauces served so we asked him for the accompanying sauces. He looked a little frazzled and said he would be right back with them. My wife took a nibble at my daughters fries and they were cold. Not even warm but cold. The server returned with only the onion straw sauce. We reminded him that we wanted the fried pickle sauce also and let him know that my daughter's fries were cold. He tried to make light of the situation and said how cold fries were no good. He left to go get the sauce and some hot fries we assumed. As we dug into our burgers, we noticed that the onion straws were not their usual crispy, hot selves. These were luke warm, oily and limp. The plan was to let the server know this when he returned with the fried pickle sauce and the hot fries. He never returned. Sure, we saw him floating around the restaurant which wasn't busy. Poor service & inconsistent food are never a good combination. The thing that really sucked is that my wife and daughter were so looking foward to having dinner there and they left disappointed.
5	Smashchicken in my case.I'm not a big burger person - in fact have never had one in my life but you know what I have had a lot of? Chicken Sandwiches. And you know who's was the JUICIEST EVER?Smashburger (aka: Smashchicken).My B.F.F. had been RAVING about Smashburger for weeks now. She was obsessed with the chicken sandwich and kept telling me about their Veggie sides.I, however, went with the Onion Haystack which was a delicious pile of thinly sliced onion strings that HIT. THE. SPOT. AND I got to build my own which is SO much easier in my book since I am a "high-maintenance" diner always asking you to hold this and that. Creating my own = creating the best.The front counter girl was ADORABLE and super friendly and bubbly. Our food took about 10 minutes to come out and we were "not allowed" to clean up after ourselves. So service bumped this place up to a 5=starer.Also, for all your Vegas Groupon lovers out there....today's featured business is Smashburger, $6 for $12 of some delicious nommin'. I think we bought 3 :)
5	So I have went back to Smashburger twice since I have written my first review and I like it so much more!  I said in my first review that I would rather go to Red Robin.  Well, just kidding!  Red Robin makes me run to the bathroom after eating there.  (TMI?  whatevs!)Their egg bun is a perfect compliment to a burger that is "homemade".  What I mean, is that it is not perfectly round or square, it looks homemade and tastes delicious.I wasn't a fan of the rosemary, garlic, olive oil on the fries, but I have become a fan.  I now am a fan of the sweet potatoe smashfries.  yum!My husband and I came here before the UNLV Basketball and were in and out within 20 minutes and got 2 burgers, 2 fries and 2 pop's (soda's for you west-coasters) and the total came to: $19.49.  Can you beat that for a good burger that is not coming from a fast food chain? Added two stars: didn't burn my tongue off again and fast service without gross fast food!
2	I saw the groupon for this place and since I'd been meaning to try it, I thought it was a good opportunity to do it for a reasonable price.Honestly, I felt it was a little expensive for what you get., despite having my coupon. The burger was somewhat flavorless, for my taste. I was hoping for more seasoning or spice. I tried the sweet potato fries and the veggie frites. They were ok, but nothing to write home about.I'm definitely willing to give this place another chance, but since I don't live particularly close to any of the locations, I'm in no rush. I'll probably try the Avocado Smashchicken or the Spicy Baja Smashburger.
3	I've been here twice since it's opened, and I think this restaurant is either hit or miss depending on what you order. It's kind of sad because I wanted to love Smashburger. It's conveniently located near my house, and the promise of the restaurant was great, but the execution didn't meet my expectations.The first time I went there was a couple of months ago. I created my own 1/3 pound burger with bacon, pepper jack cheese, spicy chipotle bun, spicy chipotle sauce, and some jalapenos. It bought the heat! It was extremely spicy, but man, it was so delicious. It really hit the spot after seeing a movie across the street at village square. Their smashfries were delicious too; they were smothered in oil, rosemary, and garlic for a crisp and tasty bite. I came back a couple days ago, and I wanted to try something new, so I ordered  the barbecue ranch smashchicken, and I hated it. Why would I spend $6 on this burger, when I could have gotten either some spicy chicken sandwiches from mcdonalds, or one of arby's chicken sandwiches for far less money for the same ingredients and quality. It was so plain and mediocre. The lettuce and tomato did nothing for the sandwich, and the person that made it put so much sauce on it that it was over powering the rest of the flavors and dripping out of the bun. Needless to say, I wasn't pleased.My advice for you, if you want to try smashburger, is to stick with a burger. The chicken is plain, and you can get the same thing from other fast food restaurants for cheaper prices.
4	Super juicy and tasty burgers, not overcooked..  Really good service..  The only thing I'm not a fan of is their rosemary seasoned fries..  I don't know where they got that from, but other than that, it's a "must try"..
3	I like smashburger enough because of how they cook their patties. Definitely an alternative to the prerprocessed and packaged patties found at other fast food joints.My favorite item on the menu is the sweet potato fries... delicious! The standard smashburger is great in my book, but I wasn't too thrilled with the smashchicken sandwich. A little bland, nothing out of the ordinary, no particular kick or taste to separate it from the rest of the pack.Customer service = beyond excellent!
2	Went to the Sahara and Fort Apache location...husband and son loved it, but being a vegetarian, not much there for me...order essentially a grilled cheese sandwich with avocado and got a bun with 1 slice of cheese and 1 slice of avocado, but paid just the same as if I had meat on the sandwich...the verdict is still out...
4	I tried Smashburger for the first time and it was good, a little pricey though.  The shakes are very good.  Just make sure you come with an appetite!!
4	The second-best burgers in town after The Dispensary. Delicious salads and chili, too!Don't miss this place. Sooo good!
3	Smashburger is just what it sounds like.  The burgers are smashed.  So medium rare, medium, medium well doesn't matter here.  It's a thin piece of smashed meat.  I tried the burger once and since I like my burgers thick and juicy, not thin and fried, it just wasn't doing it for me.However, I did recently come back to try the smashchicken and that actually is pretty good.  I went with the crispy avocado club.  The bacon is pretty tasty and I got it with guacamole instead of avocado which gave it a little more spice.  Their guacamole is a little too tangy for me, but the crispy chicken had a good texture and was juicy despite being smashed. The multi-grain bun it comes with tasted pretty fresh.I avoid the smashfries because they tend to put too much of the olive oil, garlic, and rosemary seasoning on them, making it a puddle of olive oil with some fries in it.  Save a few hundred calories and just get the regular fries.Service here tends to be slow.  It takes a long time to place an order.  I don't know if that has something to do with the customers because once I get to the front of the line to place my order, it goes pretty quick.  It also takes a while to get the food so don't plan on this being a quick takeout joint.
4	Stopped here for lunch the other day and decided to order a 1/3 lb Spicy Baja Burger ( Pepper Jack, Guacamole, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Chipotle Mayo, and Fresh Jalapenos on a Chipotle Bun, $5.99), Chicago Dog ($3.99), Fried Pickles ($1.99).  Yes, I was starvin' like Marvin!This was the first time for me at this Smashburger location.  It was around lunch-time and it was busy.  They give you a number after you order, then bring your food out to you.  I just left the gym and wasn't in a hurry, which was a good thing because it took almost 20 minutes to get my order.  The good thing about that is that the food is prepared fresh, the bad thing is that it's not convenient if you're in a hurry.The first item I tried was the Baja Burger....yum, it was tasty!  I could taste the spicy heat from the fresh Jalapenos.  All of the ingredients gave this Burger a unique flavor to it.  I like.Next I tried a few of the Fried Pickles....yuck, they failed on this one.  The Pickles were soft and chewy.....when they're served fried like this, the breading should have a slightly crispy texture to it with the Pickle on the inside providing the soft/chewy part.  Plus they were very greasy.....all of these factors usually means the temperature on the fryer is too low.  Needless to say, I didn't finish my order.Next up was the Chicago Dog.....I like how they split the Hot Dog in half so that it holds the toppings better.  I really enjoyed the Chicago Dog....they did it right and put together a proper Chicago Dog.Overall, it was a pretty good meal despite the fail on the Fried Pickles.  I didn't need the calories anyway.Will I return?  Probably, but not during the lunch rush hour.
4	Pretty good burgers at cheap prices. Sure, they're more expensive than fast food places like McDonald's and Carls Jr, but the quality is light years ahead of that kind of crap. We got the 1/3 lb. Classic Smashburger ($4.99), the 1/3 lb. BBQ, Bacon & Cheese Smashburger ($5.99), Smashfries ($1.99), and a Chicken strips kids meal ($3.99).Both burgers were delicious and used fresh ingredients. I love the egg buns... really good texture. The smash sauce on the classic was tasty... like a mix of mustard and mayo. The fries were an oily, soggy mess. My kid was happy with his two chicken strips and heaping mound of fries.Service was good. The guy at the register was really friendly and happy... which was a nice change of pace from your typical fast food or chain restaurant employee who hates his job and acts like you're an inconvenience. It didn't take long (maybe 12 minutes) for the food to come out.It's a good family restaurant and a good alternative when you don't want fast food but don't want a full blown sit-down meal with waiters that'll take hours.
3	Trendy burgers by committee. This place has potential were it not born in a corporate boardroom. The burgers are decent, and the side choices are not the run of the mill fries or onion rings. We had fried pickles and sweet potato fries. It can get a little pricey depending on what you order. I wish I had realized they serve beer but good to know for future reference.The mood was really mellow in the dining room, which is not really what you'd expect from a place that has a giant red "smash" painted on the wall. The music was way too low key. And at least two of the cashier/servers were chewing gum while working. Personal pet peeve. If smashburger turned up the attitude just a little, and made it a little more of a hang out, the overall experience would be much better.
3	I was pretty hyped about this place because a co-worker would come here often.  I went here with my husband one day for lunch and it was packed.  The place is pretty small for the large amount of people they serve.  I got the mushroom swiss (I think it's swiss) burger and it was pretty plain and regular tasting, not really an over the top place.  And for the price, it definitely wasn't worth it when I felt I could have gotten more burger, and a better tasting burger for less at Carl's Jr.
4	I got so many recommendations from strangers to coworkers to give this place a try! Alright, Alright I've had enough! Came here the other day to have a smashin' lunch!Sin City Smashburger: fried egg, applewood smoked bacon, american cheese, grilled onions, haystack onions and their own "smash sauce" on an egg bun.- I saw "egg" with burger and I didn't have to read any further. I ordered the 1/2 pounder. Pretty Damn Tasty and Salty might I add. The buns were nice and fluffy yet not too soft, bacon was ordinary (I didn't really notice much apple smoked flavor), medley of onions were great, their "Smash" sauce was green and creamy (not bad) and the meat was Juicy and Salty. I prefer less salt on anything I eat but the saltiness in this burger was obvious but wasn't tongue blistering salty. Overall, Still A Very Good BurgerSmashfries: tossed with rosemary, olive oil and garlic.- ingredients sounded fun and it defintely was! Nice alternate from the usual ordinary french fries! Decent portion too!I would give this place an easy 5 Stars but the burger meat was just a little too Salty..
4	If you like a good burger....and you're not quite dressed to be dropping a few dollars at a classy Vegas Steakhouse, or In-N-Out is not in the cards, then check out Smashburger.  This Denver chain is growing in the Vegas Valley and there is good reason why.  They begin with fresh, not-frozen, 100% certified Angus beef that's literally smashed on a buttered grill for ten seconds with a cookie-cutter-style press. This searing process locks in the juices, and then the meat patty is seasoned with Smashburger's garlic and herb mix. Put it on a soft, delicious Artisan-style bun and add the extras to order. The end result? A five-napkin burger that tastes as good or better than homemade. Ready to eat in about six minutes. How can you beat that? There's several variations on the Smashburger theme: the Classic, the All American, the Sin City Smashburger, the BBQ Bacon and Cheese, the Spicy Baja and the Mushroom Swiss. Or make your own from a combination of the menu-item ingredients. The best part? Fresh ingredients, not frozen. The veggies aren't pre-packaged; they're cut on site. The seasonings and sauces are Smashburger's proprietary recipes. This is high-quality, cooked-to-order fast food. What's a burger without fries? Smashfries are of the retro, shoestring style. They're deep-fat fried in tallow and oil, mixed with rosemary, extra virgin olive oil and garlic. The Sweet Potato Smashfries are made the same way, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. There's also the Chili, Cheese or combination Chili-Cheese Fries. Veggie Frites is a yummy, albiet greasy, fries substitute: a slightly-crunchy combination of flash-fried asparagus, carrot sticks and green beans. Another notable side is the tasty fried dill pickles served with a creamy buttermilk ranch dressing.And what's a burger and fries without a shake? Take your pick of a vanilla, chocolate or strawberry shake or malt with the consistency of soft-serve, blended with whole milk and Haagen-Daz ice cream. The tangy fresh lime shake was not-too-sweet, and the classic root beer float could double for dessert.
5	We went to the hash house a gogo and it was packed and we only had half hour to eat. So on our way to Bears Best we ran into this place and we both were happy we did.I ordered the Sin City burger without grilled onions and it was the best burger ive had in a long time. Its not a plain round burger. The burger has some much flavor and herbs and spices in it that you cant appreciate the fries. I couldnt taste any flavor from the fries because of the burger.Now open one up in Southern California!!
4	Sin City Smashburger is to die for!  A must stop for me when I'm in Las Vegas.  Everyone loves In-N-Out, but I have to admit that I like Smashburger more.
5	Honestly, everyone has their preference for the perfect burgers, but for me, Smashburger is pretty close.  The sad thing for me is that the closest ones to me are 1:30 flight or 2:30 drive....  On to the burgers!I have had the Las Vegas special and the BBQ Bacon burgers.  Both are amazing.  The Vegas burger was nice a juicy, a little salty, but the sweetness of the onions, and richness of the oozy fried egg added a a great balance... all atop the amazing egg bun that absorbed all of the flavors and acted as the perfect mop to clean up anything that well on my burger wrapper.  The BBQ Bacon was again juicy, a little salty but the bbq sauce and crispy onions and the bacon alllllll made it so damn good.  And again, egg bun, you tasty tasty bun you, absorbed all of the juice and flavors and sauce into your soft eggy goodness.If you get a chance when you are in Vegas go to smashburger! Way worth the drive or cab ride (or hike if you are that desperate).
1	I've only had one burger here so far, but it was so salty that I doubt I could bring myself to go there again.The "smash" portion of the burger appears to be a seasoning mix that is seared into one side of the patty.  I nice concept, but in reality the flavoring is way too overpowering.I could see others liking it if salt was their thing, but my two cents is that this is just plain gross.
5	Sin city smashburgerrrr... yum Love this place. Seems like its always busy so you might have to wait. I usually pick up because the tables are full. Veggie frites are awesome and the chocolate malts too.
2	Ok I don't understand why this place is rated so high. Honestly In & Out tastes much better than this place and way cheaper. Thank goodness we had a groupon. We heard people ranting and raving about this place and in the words of Shania Twain "that don't impress me much."My friend ordered the traditional All-American cheeseburger, smashfries and vanilla milkshake. I tried her fries and booo no flavor, which was a shame since they were sprinkled with Rosemary & garlic (I couldn't taste either).I ordered the SinCity burger since it sounded like the best burger on the menu plus many stated this was the best burger. Was it? Uh negative, I personally thought it was too salty and dry. The egg was overcooked and the bacon was eh ok. It was topped with haystraw onion rings and grilled onions so onion overload indeed. Presentation was wonderful but the taste was less gratifying. Even the sweet potato smashfries had no flavor even with the rosemary and garlic that was on them. Perhaps sprinkle some of that secret smash seasoning on the fries and you might move up a star.BTW the fried pickles were super salty, if you like fried pickles just stick to Hooters.Overall this place is busy and had a line the whole time we were there. My friend and I couldn't understand what was so great about this place. Yes the cashiers and servers were friendly but they couldn't compensate for the quality of the food. If I want a $5.99 burger plus $1.99 for fries might as well go to Red Robin or just stick to In & Out. If you're a sodium junkie this is your place to be!
4	My boss kept insisting I try this place out so I grabbed my dining buddy(my brother) and drove up just to eat there. (It was before they opened the one near UNLV.) Their burgers were pretty delicious. I'd definitely go here again...though the price could be a bit more reasonable.
2	Was highly average.    Burgers were greasy and nothing special.  Wouldn't take a special trip for it.   I agree.  In &Out way better!
2	GREASY! expensive and the actual restaurant was gross...food all over the floor...etc.If you want a truly greasy burger that tastes like artery plaque then have at it. I'll stick with In & Out.
4	This post is from my last trip to Las Vegas. It was supposed to be "No Meat March," but obviously it didn't turn out that way. When I am on vacation it pretty much an all you can eat time. I absolutely enjoy trying new places and cannot resist temptation; therefore, out with "No Meat March" and in with Smash Burger! It's utterly necessary that you try this place, especially the sweet potato fries! Pictures on my blog.
4	When it comes to a good burger, I have to admit I'm picky.  For me nothing beats a buffalo burg at Fuddruckers.The quality and taste at this location was 4 out of 5 stars.  I don't consider it in Fudrucker's league yet.  Nice fries, especially the deep fried pickles.  Salty but great otherwise.
4	Enjoyable food.  Definitely liked the smash fries.  They have sweet potato fries will have to try them next time.  In a city where burger joints are plentiful this one is definitely a good contender.  A lot of options for your burger (or chicken) avocado being one (my favorite).  Derek the manager very friendly and eager to help new patrons to his establishment made for a friendly and comfortable environment.
4	1/3 lb Bbq bacon cheeseburger was very delicious. the fries were pretty basic but that burger was incredible. i heard talk for years about how great fatburger,jack in the box are on the west coast but they were lousy compared to this place. Imo. Its comparable to five guys burger and fries.(philly)
5	My friends are always eating here so I had a friend in town and we couldn't decide what to eat. I then suggested Smashburger. We were both skeptical because we frequent a fancy burger bar in LA that is out of this world. So we decided to give it a taste. We were pleasantly surprised ! The burgers were inexpensive and the staff was friendly! I loved all the choices and that you can choose beef or chicken (grilled or fried) for every burger. I have now gone back there 2 times since. I do think they should offer a turkey and veggie burger.
4	I've heard that this place is amazing. Not sure why. I went in first time and had an all american with sweet potato fries. Loved the fries! Burger was okay.A friend had fried pickles, I tried some, and I have to admit that it was salty- must be the batter?Try it at least once.
4	Finally made it out here after a co-worker had been ranting and raving about it.I had the 1/2 lb. Sin City Smashburger and the Sweet Potato Smash Fries.Food tasted great and left me satisfied.  Fair price, fair portion, and the staff was friendly and courteous.  I will come back to try other things from the menu.I give this place 4 stars because it's just like any other burger joint to me.  It's good and has lots of variety, but I still like Five Guys and In-N-Out burgers better.
4	Ok first let me say I don't eat red meat so my rating is not for their traditional burger. With that said I AM OBSESSED with their chicken sandwich. It's literally the best grilled chicken sandwich I've ever had!!! I swear. My entire order is always correct and delicious! Grilled chicken sandwich w grilled onions, cheddar, pickles, tomato, lettuce, and smashsauce. Sweet potato fries. And a vanilla malt...yuuuuum! This place is going to make me fat and happy. Go there eat that and like it...cuz I said so.
4	I was amazed today that it took more time to actually order my food then to receive it. The place was clean and the staff was friendly. Though my only complaint was the Nutter Butter Milkshake. Not really a sweets fan but it sounded good. The Milkshake was great, it just didn't taste too much like Nutter Butters. In fact it seemed like they used one cookie, and half of the cookie was stuck in the whip cream as a garnish.
4	Right across the street from my pad and when you need a good cure for a hangover or just a good quality burger this is the place.  Onion straws are amazing, sweet potato fries, to die for.  Burgers are cooked just right and they are quick if you need it on the go.  Service was great and the staff was very helpful.  Great place to go grab a quality burger.
5	Much better than Five Guys! I love the sweet potato fries as well as the cajun bun. Yummy yummy! The fried pickles are good too. I'd never had these before, but my southern friend was with me and made me try them. So glad she did!
4	Been awhile since I was there, I guess I should actually write the review.From what I remember, the service was good.  The menu is not that overly complicated.  Build your own or pick a combo.  Pretty simple.  If you can't figure that out, stick with McyD's.  The food was great, very juicy & the meat was mildly seasoned with salt and pepper.  It didn't detract from the bun, cheese or additions.  The price is a little more than you'd pay at the 'other' burger joints.  But the quality is noticeably superior.  (IE: You get what you pay for.)
4	Give me another SinCity burger, please! How delectable it is!  A burger topped with an egg, bacon, and cheese.....drool! Their signature Smash Fries are good, but  not consistent in quality based on the many times we have been there. The salads are not bad either. Just make sure you tell them to put the dressing on the side otherwise your lettuce will be swimming in dressing. Would have been a 5 star, but the inconsistency of the quality of fries and drowning of salad dressing makes it a 4.
4	I dont claim to be a burger aficionado but i do appreciate the tasty goodness of a well made quality burger from time to time. I was lucky enough to receive a bogo coupon in my local zip code magazine for SmashBurger and the night was nice so i took a cruise and headed to the spot. Upon arrival the service was nice, and the location was very clean and managed. I ordered a Sin City SmashBurger which as others have mentioned have the fried egg, crispy onions, and this tasty bun going on along with the smash fries. When it arrived the presentation was solid and i was all about it digging into the fries first i was into them and they have alot of flavor but they were a bit too oily for my taste but still very good. i knew my burger had potential before the first bite when i found "cheese paper" you know the overflow cheese that sticks to the burger wrapper that you pick off with your finger nail and eat... yes and it was good cheese. i bit into it and was taken by surprise that it was actually this good, the egg, cheese, and crunchy onion combination just worked for me. The only think i could have asked for which ill do next time is ask that they do not fry the egg to completion and serve it sunny side up with a runny yolk i think that will be the icing on the burger. The bun is yummy, and for the ones who commented that a bun needs to be toasted?? thats a personal preference as i prefer them soft thank you so im glad they didnt do this. Its not totally what im use to with a burger as the patty was very flat, kind of thin actually as im guessing thats what the smash of smash burger is but in the end it all just kind of worked. For the price i think they are right on, and with a bogo coupon you are eating well on the cheap for sure so keep a look out for those in your mailers. Bachi Burger at $10-$12 for a burger that your hungry after? no thank you, ill take a Smashburger any day of the week. Give me less oil on my fries, and a runny yolk egg in my burger and they would have received 5 stars from me.
3	I had the Mushroom burger , it tasted good , and I ordered the Greek fries for 1.99 the fries to me, for that price I thought would be on a more grander scale. They were regular Shoestrings with just olive oil and a spec of seasoning on it. I felt I needed to put salt in it after all. Other than that service was friendly. Just a bit overpriced for me overall.
1	the place stinks like mop water.
5	smashburger smashes the competition!!!!once again, they do not disappoint..... we are talkin a good solid burger here... the beef is great quality that you can taste!I gotta say, i have eaten my fair share of over a thousand burgers and this joint is on top!  1st level as my gramma says.....and the sin city burger? should be a sin to eat it, i mean c'mon.... fried egg? onion strings? BACON?  damn that's a good burger......but it's all about the BEEF, and this here is some tasty stuff.... and you can choose 1/3 lb or 1/2 lb patty....and the chili fries? damn good with fresh jalapenos...in this town, i have to say.... smashburger is the hot spot.burger up!C
5	My new favorite burger place, and it's only a few minutes away from the house! Bonus!  I really love the Sin City burger (minus the grilled onions) and the chicken sandwiches are great too! I love avocado on chicken sandwiches. Egg on a burger is now a must, thanks to Smashburger.  The fries here are just okay, so I usually stick with a burger.  The staff is friendly and bring your order out promptly.  They also have a build your own menu, and a good kids menu...great for the entire family!  High recommend stopping by here.
1	Meat is dry. I got the mushroom burger and it wasn't tasty. It lacked everything and didn't even have burger sauce. It was just meat, cheese and a few mushrooms slapped into a bun without any other condiments. Chili fries were dripping with grease, they serve them on a cardboard plate so it could absorb the grease but they were drenched in red grease from the chili. Sweet potato fries not good enough, they're better at El Pollo Loco. My husband got the baja burger and he said it wasn't good either. It is way over priced for nasty food. Please don't compare to In n Out, not on the same page at all!!! The pictures are deceiving cause they look good but arent good at all.
5	How can you not love this place? Love the smashfries, burgers, and hot dogs. Our go-to place for delicious burgers!(SO much better than 5 guys.)
4	Decent spot, I was brought here by a local. I had a sin city burger on his recommendation and it was pretty great- egg, bacon, cheese, onion (both grilled *and* fried onions, on top of a 1/3lb patty. The patty itself was pretty good, a bit on the salty side. The smash fries were great, tossed with olive oil, sea salt, and rosemary, it added a touch of class to the lowly french fry. My friend got a milkshake and I tried it... it was mediocre at best. It didn't even taste like they used chocolate syrup, maybe cocoa powder and vanilla ice cream? Sub-par from what I'm used to at these types of places. My general complaint about the burger, though, is that it tries too hard to be so greasy. The bacon, for example, could be cooked to the exact same level of crispiness without having so much grease left on them by cooking it in the oven and finishing it off on the flattop. Same thing with the egg, it didn't need the extra squirt of clarified butter on it, eggs cooked on a flattop are plenty tasty on their own.I would come here again, but probably not order the sin city burger due to its massive heft and overabundance of grease.
4	I love Smashburger!  I get the "classic" wih sweet potato fries.  I love that the burger comes to piping hot and it takes at least 10 minutes or more to  get your order.  The toppings are always fresh, never wilted.   I will continue to go there for my carnivore craving.
5	First thing, the facility was very clean, a huge piece to the review puzzle. Ordering was easy, the staff friendly and able to answer questions. The food is jaw dropping in more ways than one. I actually taste the meat in the burger, it's not over spiced or inundated with too many toppings.(I had the mushroom swiss, VERY good!!!) the fried pickles and sweet potato fries accented the mushroom Swiss well. All around a great place. Perfectly palette pleasing!!!
4	For my first time ever eating at smashburger I must say that this establishment is amazing!!! Resturaunt style environment, very clean, well air conditioned for these hot Vegas summers.Food came out pretty quick and made to order. I had the Sin City smashburger that was topped with a fried egg, smash sauce, Apple wood bacon, and lettuce with a side of sweet potato fries. Can you say yummm!! Very clean for a resturaunt, I was expecting a fast food - McDonald's type of environment lol. Now, on the price side.... This place is a bit on the rich side for my blood. I'm not a big fan of spending $11-$12 on a burger but it was somewhat worth it. Hey, what can I say, I ball on a budget. Overall its a good place for some good grub. They also serve beer :)
3	I don't really get what all the hub-bub is about this place. Tried this place via a Groupon. The burger was ok but the Double at Wendy's is better in my opinion. It's a big burger that is sort of crunchy but is a bit overpriced ($5.99). The side dishes are ridiculously small. I mean you want to eat so why only get so many fries (which weren't bad btw). The other stuff like onion strings, veggie fries (carrots and asparagus) were not very good at all. Probably won't be back with so many fast food options at a better price point.
2	Rex needs to put a disclaimer on this review...I am fresh out of forced temporary housing...which explains why Rex hasn't written in a while.  The circumstances are really quite simple. Rex believes that what a man does in someone else's dumpster is his own business.  Picture this...Rex goes to his favorite "single wide" (dumpster to the uninformed) and finds...and you won't believe this...trash in it. Philistines! So Rex removed it. He sits down with a can of happy juice (ammonia, gasoline (leaded), two moth balls, three mentos, a tic tac and 6 toe nail clippings that have been buried in the desert for 2 weeks) and a 3 year old copy of "Giant White Butts"...like most men do on a Thursday...Tuesday...some night. Whatever. Well, suddenly after half a bottle of happy juice rex saw 3 blue men. They yelled. They grabbed at Rex. Next...what happens...is not totally clear...but ALLEDGEDLY...a naked Rex (a beautiful sight)...holding a top hat and stapler jumped out past the blue men and ran down the street straight into a wall. The wall stopped Rex's run. Rex awoke to a single padded room against his will. The first thing Rex needs outside of lock up is food.  After a ride from 4 kids out on a joy ride Rex found himself in front of Smashburger.  This was not the first time Rex has sauntered...sashayed...glided into Smashburger. Rex will tell you the first time he went, the second time and the third time he was underwhelmed.  Decent food, expensive food, not Rex's idea of a value.Today was Rex's fourth time. Was it different? Did he like it? Was he allowed to leave after screaming "This is the kind of place that the Nazi's would have opened if they won the war!"?  The answer to all of these is...no. Not at all.Where to begin...wherever to begin?  The first thing Rex tried was the namesake of his town. The Sin City Burger. A good burger, and honestly, the best burger on their menu...when done right. They put a fried egg on top and if the fried egg is cooked too hard and the yolk doesn't come out...the burger isn't the same. Two burgers. Two different cooked eggs. The yolk makes a bit of  a sauce, and much needed sauce.  The Spicy Baja is just not spicy. Sorry. Rex understands the underdeveloped palate, and my favorite HO Third Eye Sally has half a tongue and isn't medically allowed to eat spicy food because of medical conditions...didn't find it spicy. The Mushroom Swiss burger has mayo on it when a better sauce would really make the burger.  Chicken sandwich you ask?  They have them. They are hit and miss. The Buffalo, miss...because the sauce isn't good. The BBQ ranch, miss...because BBQ isn't good. The Avocado Club, hit. What about the fries? The hallmark of any good burger joint...well...hit and miss again. Just like when Rex is asked to hit her belly...(but Rex misses on purpose).  Two times Rex went he got the regular fries. Two times the Smashfries. The Smashfries the first time were great. The second time the rosemary and garlic seemed liked it was burned. It has a bitter taste. The regular fries were just that, regular.  Third Eye let me have some of her Chili Cheese Fries and they are pretty good. The best of the bunch.The bottom line is that this not a great burger place because the quality control isn't good. This is the type of food that needs to be done right. Sadly, it isn't. Somehow in the 200+ times Rex has eaten at In And Out he has never had a bad meal. One 1 out of 4 times did Rex have a good meal at Smashburger. Oh, and if you complain...no one cares. Just like when you complain to Rex. Only difference is you complain to a person at Smashburger...you complain to the memories of Rex. Rex never sees your tears...only your sister naked.
4	I just had this burger and it's worth the $6.99.... I ordered the Spicy Baja Big Smash and got sweet potato fries for $1.99 with it..... The burger was good size with spicy mayo, freshly cut green chili, tomato and onion.The ambience feels like your in a sit-down restaurant and not a fast food one and the booths are comfortable. I'll be going back here soon.
5	Best burger in a long time.  Shoulda got the smaller one, but I managed...
5	After hearing about this place from a friend of mine, I had to give it a try.  Soooooo glad I did.  Like many others have mentioned, I was pretty impressed by the cleanliness and the nice friendly service.  However is was definitely the Sin City Burger that earned the 5 stars.  Omg, the burger was so juicy and had such a nice char/crunch to it.  The bacon was crispy and the combo of grilled/fried onions took it over the top.  It was one of those that kept getting better and better with each bite.  I'm drooling right now just thinking about it.  I used to be a tried and true In-N-Out fan..........but move over buddy, Smash Burger is king.
4	I've been a fan of their olive oil, rosemary, sweet potato fries. Last night was the first time I got to have the whole enchilada. I had a Groupon that was about to expire so we went here with the Mrs. & kids. I was surprised that the kids meal $3.99 came with a HUGE burger, milk, and fries. Beat that McDs!Another surprise was that they have BEER! Not just any beer. They had Blue Moon in a bottle (came with a frosty mug) for $2.99!!! It pretty much made me a SB fan right away. The original smash burger $4.99 had huge egg buns with all the fix'ns. The meat looked like it had been smashed against the griddle, so the name made sense. The regular smash fries were kinda blah.They do have cheap wines in little bottles, but I'm glad a fast food chain took the effort to include good beer at a reasonable price. I'm sold.
4	Delicious! I have been here a number of times for their fantastic burgers and fries. I love their shoe string onion rings. I usually get the BBQ burger and love it. The only problem I have is their service. Nobody is friendly. One time when I was there the server guy tried to give us other people's food three separate times despite having a number on our table. Even though the service is horrible their food and shakes are fabulous. I will be returning.
4	3.5 - rounded up to 4 for great service -  Not a bad burger joint at all.  After a nice little hike at Red Rocks, Killer was craving was some red meat and claimed that if I didn't take her to a burger joint soon, that she'd be taking a chunk out of ME.Well, seeing as how I'm rather fond of all my attached parts, I decided to find her a burger joint close to Red Rocks - PRONTO.We looked at our trusty Yelp app and it pointed us down Lake Mead to a place called "Create" , but after zooming up and down Lake Mead for several minutes and failing to find Create, I was lucky enough to spot Smashburger before I lost a limb. Tried out the BIG "Sin City" burger which had a single 1/3/lb patty, applewood smoked bacon, fried egg, fried onion strings, grilled onions and their special sauce on a multi-grain bun and it wasn't bad.  better than the average fast food burger (but I still miss Kilroy's) - it was a bit salty though, so it definitely could've used a sweet component in the burger. The smash fries were perfectly crisp and well seasoned with olive oil and rosemaryI actually like how the restaurant is laid out.  The entrance flows straight to the registers and through to either the indoor dining area or the outdoor patio. ProTIP: They server BEER! -  Also: Cherry Coke at the Fountain - BONUS!
3	i normally like this place, but I was very upset when my burger had a soggy bun, nothing turns you off than a soggy bun. Yukk.
4	I went there again today and this time had the Sin City smashburger..... It was just as good as the Spicy Baja burger, the Sin City had bacon, an egg, lettuce, cheese, and crispy onions. It makes me want to go try another item off the menu soon.
3	Good burger, but man it is greasy!  I guess thats what makes it good though, right?Milkshake was pretty good too.  Not my first choice for a burger joint, but I would eat here again.
2	I WAS SO SAD TO FIND OUT I WASNT GOING TO HAVE THE GREATEST BURGER EVER!  after driving by and hearing all the rave about this place (and since kilroys kitchen was closed) i decided today was the day! Customer service good! The food is a different story.....i ordered their spicy burger and their bbq and rosemary fries and the results????? My burgers were cold and tasted re heated not much flavor and all the topping on one side of the burger.....I asked for extra jalepenos and un less they usually put two on the sandwich the four that were on there were far from extra for me.....the fries were really good but for $20 bucks for two burgers and an order of fries equal to the same amount in mc donalds medium fries i would have to say to eat here again they would have to bundle everything and throw in a drink for 2.99 and i might MIGHT think about eating here in a pinch. Not to mention the place was empty and i wasnt a victim of rush hour!
4	I cant count the number of times I've gone to SB. Some of the times have been excellent and some have been "fair" and some have really p'd me off.I went in to get a smash chicken and sweet potato fries to go. Tell my why i waited 30 mins for my "to-go" order. I had to go to the counter and ask the manager where my food was and that i had been waiting for 30 mins for TO GO, She went to the window and grabbed a bag under the heating lamps. Why ask my name when you dont call it when my food is ready? She wasn't apologetic i had to wait that long either! My fries werent that good after 30 mins.Another time i got the chicken sandwich and ate almost all of it then realized it was pink inside! I was not too happy. lucky i didnt get sick! I have learned from that and i cut in my chicken whether its in the salad or my smash chicken! Dont bother to do the surveys if you have a legit complaint *my raw chicken* No one ever contacts you. Although you do get a free side during your next visit. Maybe do the survey but if you have a complaint don't expect someone to call and see what was wrong.Also i dont like the menu change! You used to be able to add any cheese to your burger or chicken at no charge. Now they wanna charge for everything. :( Even if your burger is supposed to already have cheese on it. I do love this place thats why i keep coming back but i hope they dont get too greedy and end up like another run of the mill burger place.
4	I like most things about this place. The food is good and sometimes the service is OK. I would prefer the one beside the college. Service need a 101 training class or something.
4	Best burger ever! It's a little expensive for burgers, but worth it.
2	Finally went to try this place, since I had heard it was so good.  I thought it was okay.  I think In and Out and even Five Guys is better.  I got the smashfries, they were just kind of dry and plain.  I got the sin city burger, again just okay.  I like fried onion and egg in a burger, but it just wasn't as flavorful as other places.  Glad I got to finally try it, but probably won't be heading back.
4	I am trying to eat healthier portions and the burgers here are ginormous (and equally delicious and fattening). I ordered the kids chicken fingers w/ BBQ sauce, fries, and a small drink for $4. It was perfect! Chicken was delicious and I liked the breading a lot; you get 2-3 strips, I believe. Drinks are refillable, so don't worry about the small kids cup.Also, if you want to try something different, get the fried pickles. I hate pickles, but fried ones taste pretty good. The boyfriend had the Cobb salad with crispy chicken and liked it a lot. I like Smashburger. I have been to other locations in town also. The food is good, with options for those who want to eat healthier (salads, grilled chicken). I recommend getting smashed here!
5	Best burgers in town, you have to get the sweet potato fries!!!
3	I'm in the middle so I'm giving 3.5 starsDecent sandwiches and great fries in an unmemorable atmoshphere is just enough reason to give this place a try. One major pro are the variety of toppings, breads, and dressings gives the customer the opportunity to be creative. I like their spicy baja chicken sandwich the best. The sandwich was delicious and had the right balance of spicy and salty flavors. However, I recommend saying no to the spicy mayo because it's just another layer of unnecessary greasy salty mess. Their black bean burger was a disappointing mushy hockey puck. The more I bit into the sandwich, the patty began to fall apart. But for me, the  sides are the super stars here. I love their fries. They're crispy, hot and flavorful. I am willing to squeeze an extra hour at the gym to order a heaping plate of chili cheese fries. They offer milkshakes and beer if you really want to your veins to run lard. I've spent between $9-12 dollars on a meal. That's a bit expensive, but if you haven't tried, I think it's worth a visit.
3	I came here on a really busy night. Standing room only because of my daughters school promotion. The service was excellent.  The food was quick and mostly great. My daughters burger tasted like SALT with a little meat taste. They obviously messed up while cooking. I didn't realize how salty it was until we got home and she prompted me to taste how bad it was. I am sure they would have corrected it, but it was too late by the time that we realized it. The only other thing that I dislike about this chain... Is the open container of lemons at the beverage bar. Usually there is wrappers and stuff in there. It's just gross... They need to do something about that.
2	This place is just ok for me. The burgers are ok a bit messy and kinda dry. I did really like the smash fries but the fried pickles were grossly over salted. I prefer fatburg, in n out, or 5 guys to this spot.
4	Great place to get a burger.  Lover the Sin City burger and garlic fries.  Came here with my gf and she had the mushroom burger.  Both loved it.  Decent pricing for burgers and fries.  Place is well clean and servers and cleaners are friendly.  There's a self serve soda machine.  Bathrooms are okay, not the cleanest.Parking is easy and place is easy to find.
4	For a quick-ish but delish burger, chicken sandwich or my fave -- the original black bean burger, this place is great!!  It's not your gourmet eatery with a whole lot to choose from, but for a quick yummy burger joint, it's awesome!! Kids love their burgers too, but even more, love their milkshakes!!
4	I just popped my smashburger cherry!There's been so much hype that I had to try it.  I ordered the mushroom burger.  They technically have 3 sizes - kids, regular and big smash.  The mushroom burger has garlic, mushrooms, swish cheese on an egg bun.  I held the mayo.  The burger was real juicy and cooked medium.  I wish the egg bun was toasted as it was softer than I'm used to but since it was obviously fresh it didn't hurt.Note - you can make your own burger and there's a menu with a slew of free sauces and toppings.  That'll be my next burger.What put me over the top was their smashfries.  Wow.  Rosemary, olive oil and garlic.  I wish it was served a bit more crispy as I prefer my fries more well done but the flavor was incredible.  I'll just ask for it well done next time.   My next fries order will be the truffle fries.  I'm drooling already.The service was quick.   You order at the counter and they bring it to you.  Very low key but it's reflected in their decent prices.
3	Smashburger is an experience that I have wanted to try.  So we walk in and instructed to take a menu, controll our excitement and then order at the counter.  I actually was amused by this and the menu sounded great.  I mean you get to pick your bun and a large amount of topping choices.  The buns were excellent, crisp and flavorful instead of wilted and soft like most hamburger joints.  I ordered the BBQ bacon burger and they put the BBQ sauce on the side making me happy as I like to control the amount of sauce on my burger.  The wife made a blue cheese and avocado burger on a spicy bun.  Overall the burgers were decent but I am not sure whether it is due to the smashing or just poor chefmanship but our burgers were overcooked.  The atmosphere is so so, diner style seating with a few old school vegas photos hanging around.  For kids they have hamburgers, hot dogs, grilled cheese and some chicken.The fries are thin and rubbery, almost an afterthought.  I have had better fries nearly everywhere.I wish the burgers were slightly less cooked as the bun was worth coming here for.  Alas, the search for the perfect burger continues.
4	A solid four stars "Yay! I'm a fan."  Indeed.  Went there for the first time a couple of weeks ago and have been thinking about it still.  Good stuff and cheap!  As soon as we walked in, we were greeted by the cashier.  With our dumbfounded look on our faces staring at the menu (as if we didn't know what was on a burger joint's menu), the cashier said, "Is this your first time here?"  YES!!!  So we continued to stare at the menu for another 4-5 minutes.  It's amazing how stupid we get when we go to order a burger!Anyway, burger joints in Vegas are getting a little outrageous, don't you think?  They're as played out as old underwear. I proclaim there's roughly 7 categories of burger joints: 1. fast food burger joints (McDonald's, Burger King)2. Asian burger joints (Bachi, Fuku)3. burger joints on wheels (Slidin' Thru)4. burger bar joints (Kilroy's, Grind)5. tourist trap burger joints (Strip Burger, Holsteins)6. gourmet burger joints (KGB, Bachi)7. give me a damn burger without the preservatives joints (Elevation, Fuddruckers)Well, Smashburger is in the #7 category.  It's a good all-around burger that is cooked to order.  It sort of reminds me of Elevation and Steak N Shake because the meat is similar to ground steak.  The standard bun is the the egg bun, wholesome and delicious.  Other bun varieties are available, though I have not tried them yet. Toppings are well proportioned and fresh.  I opted for grilled onions and ketchup.  Of course, there are tons of other toppings available for all of you who want a whole salad bar between your bun.  The cheese is well proportioned as well.  I chose American and would recommend it to others however, for the more adventurous there's swiss, bleu, cheddar, feta, goat, and pepperjack.  Who wants a goat on their burger, ewe!  "May I get goat on my burger?"  LOL, sorry.Smashburger is clean inside and has a modern yet cozy decor.  Orders are taken at the register where you are given a number.  Then, the food is brought to your table.  If you're really hungry, don't get your panties in a bunch because the food is cooked to order and takes about 10 minutes.  Each table is stocked with napkins for the sloppy (like my hubby), Heinz ketchup, and mustard bottles (good for people like me who like to secretly douse ketchup all over my food).  Sodas are self-serve with Coke products.  And of course they offer milkshakes (didn't try, on a diet at a burger joint).  Smashburger is a good, reasonably cheap, #7 burger joint.
5	I love this place. There are a couple of things about this place that I go back for:1. onion strings2. BBQ bacon cheese burger3. serviceI have been here a bunch of times and always order the same thing because it is usually fantastic. I would give it 4.5 stars because a lot of the time their onion strings are over cooked, but I rounded up to 5 because the onion strings that are good are great! I've had their hot dogs and they are good. Their vanilla shake is not great, but their chocolate shake is pretty good. Their smash fries are good because they have rosemary on them. Vegie Frites are good, but too expensive.  They offer grilled onions for no charge. Their sauces are great. I guess I just like it here. I'll be back, again. Note: whatever is listed as being on the burger is all that is on the burger. If you want tomatoes and letuce but it didnt mention it in the description order it.
5	Best burger in Las Vegas and beyond. Whatever magic they perform on the grill is completely unique. I've never tasted a burger so good and with such a unique flavor. Great fries, hot dogs, fried pickles, sides too. I try to eat here every time I'm in town.
4	This place still is good and fast. The service was perfect and professional. I will Go back for sure.
5	Great burgers, if you are not on a health kick or concerned with calories then try it. I admit, I feel a little guilty when I come here because I know I've likely consumed a day's worth of calories. But, it really is so darn good. Their burgers are so flavorful, fried pickles are very delish! They also sometimes have these nutter butter shakes, But I think it's limited time only, and that was to die for!
5	This place is awesome. Quality and service are on point every time. Burgers are good and sweet potato fries are some of the best around. Good little hamburger place but they serve beer, by the bucket, so that gets them the 5th star.
3	Good burger, but a little pricy.  Nice decor and good service, but this place just didn't do it for me.  Only been there once and I've never felt the desire to go back.  But if you're in the area and want a burger (and have a few bucks to spare), they're pretty good.
5	Best burger in town. That is all.
5	Who needs In&Out!
4	Finally hit up the Smashburger to see what it is all about! I joined the Smashburger club via their website and in return they emailed me a voucher for a free entree. Hell yeah a free burger of my choice sounds like a great time to give them a try! I did not have to manually print the coupon they accepted it via looking at and deleting the email from my phone.I am glad we did as I was very happy and satisfied with my meal! The service is Amazing as well, all of the employees so helpful and sweet always checking on us to make sure everything is perfect! Andy and the crew at this location kick ass!!! They were even patient with me while I stood at the counter trying to decide what I wanted to order as the menu is neat how you can add stuff on to your burger. They have their own creations and they have the option to create your own burger or chicken burger. Lots of free toppings! Mmmmmm yum!I decided on the "Classic" and decided on the "big smash" size which is 1/2 pound Angus burger. Includes American cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, onion, pickles and smash sauce on an artisan egg bun. I added sweet relish and extra purple onion as a free add on. The sweet relish on my burger was divine, it just took the flavor and taste to a whole new level. Reminds me of when I was a kid and would order a burger from an old school diner my Mom would take me to in San Diego, CA, they put sweet relish on their burgers, I will never forget how good it was! Thank you for the trip back in time and fond memory Smashburger! :)My boyfriend ordered the "Spicy Baja" which includes pepper jack cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, onion, spicy chipotle mayo, fresh jalapenos on a spicy chipotle bun. He added for .75 more fried pickles on the side and haystack onions to his burger. He really enjoyed his burger, his only complaint was that the meat patty is smashed out further than the bun. I said babe it is called "Smashburger" lol That is what I liked is that the meat patty was bigger than the bun, I enjoyed that meat hanging out on the sides mmmmm yum!The Angus beef so juicy, flavorful and literally was running down my mouth and chin. They make a messy burger and they have plenty of napkins available on the tables. If a burger is not messy then it is not a well made burger!We also ordered smashfries to share which are tossed with rosemary, olive oil and garlic, mmmm delicious as well.This was truly a treat for our lunch today! I enjoyed it very much along with the Outstanding service we received from Andy and the crew!We will be back! They have a burger worth sucking silly and I want to do it again!Our total for two burgers, two drinks and fries was $25 after my coupon for my free burger it brought it down to $18. Had a great lunch, tried a new place and saved some money! WIN WIN WIN!Thank you for the happy ending Smashburger, my tummy thanks you! :)
5	I go here every once in awhile when they email me a 2-for-1 coupon.  It's a damn good burger, and if Smashburger took over the world of fast food, I'd be eating fast food a LOT more often.  Sin City Smashburger is the only menu item you need to know.
5	I'm a loyal in-n-out customer but I have to say smash is really really close in beating them. This location has great service and you can also order ahead and quickly pick up. I highly recommend them.
4	I always get the spicy Baja and I have never been disappointed. Good flavor and juicy meat. Their fried pickles and fries are awesome!
3	OK place, pleasant staff.  Average burger.  Better than the other big burger chains.  But not 5 Guys or In-N-Out
4	My wife, brother n law and I ate here last night. I loved the Avocado Club, it took 5 bites. The other two where a half way done when I was finished. I also had the chili fries, which made me sick this morning - a bit too much acid- but still good. I don't have alot of time.To make this short, the food was great- definite will go back. I guess we should have joined the club first from what I was reading.  **Adding some flat screens would do the place some justice.
4	Great Better Burger Experience. Stopped by Smashburger today for the first time. The manager, Greg, was very helpful and showed me the highlights of the menu. I decided on the classic, just to see how they compare to other better burger joints standard offerings. After a very short wait I was treated to a tasty fresh bun, the meat is very satisfying and all my veggies were cold and crisp. Fries were good , lightly fried showstings, I will try smashfries next time. I also really liked the pickle-mayo-mustard sauce, That was the biggest surprise. I will be back to Smashburger.
4	I eat here once a week for lunch and I am never disappointed. The Sin City Burger with a fried egg on top is delicious and juicy, might want to omit the grilled onions as they are generally very salty. Even though this place is known for their Burgers, the grilled and fried chicken options are very good, especially the buffalo.
4	Reluctant at first to try a burger boasted for it's smashed thin meat, I walked in and was greeted by the friendly staff. They asked if it was my first time there as I gazed upon the large menu to the right of the counter. They offered tips, suggestions, and successfully guided me in selecting my big Sin City Burger and side of Smash Fries with a fountain drink. I did think it was interesting that they had $1 cans of PBR and other brands that came with a frosty mug available with the purchase of any food item. They gave me my order number and instructed me to sign up on their website in order to receive a free burger on my next visit.When my burger was brought out to me my eyes were immediately drawn to the egg bun. It appeared fresh, fluffy, and had a wonderful golden yellow color to it that made me want to grab it and take a bite. The burger was topped with fried egg, bacon, American cheese, grilled onion and haystack onions. Upon mastication I was sold! The burger was phenomenal. I tend to cherish any burger that involves egg, but this one in particular was choice. One issue I had which could easily be remedied my following visit, would be to ask for no grilled onions. It already included haystack onions (aka shoestring onions) and the addition of grilled onions seemed to overpower the sandwich. Also, they would not allow me to order my egg to be 'runny', they make them only one way. Through ordering the bigger version of the sandwich I noticed the meat patty itself was much larger than the bun which lead me to believe their buns only come in one size (no joke intended). The Smash Fries were simply regular thin cut french fries with rosemary, garlic and olive oil over them. A nice and welcome spin on what would have been an ordinary order of fries.One of the coworkers I was there with had ordered a 'create-your-own-burger' and the cooks had neglected to put bacon on the burger he had ordered and paid for. Upon notifying the staff, they quickly amended the problem and gave him a coupon for a free burger the next time he came in. A very nice gesture.All in all, my lunch was a success. I was very satisfied with my meal and I look forward to returning for my free burger! I think it is safe to say I will become a regular at this chain burger joint.
4	I liked the smushed burger. It's crispy, and I enjoy things that are crispy. Staff is friendly, place is clean. Good fast food place that doesn't have a drive thru.
4	Okay, so let's be honest here; I've pretty much f*^ked my diet and thrown in the garbage..... then taken it out of garbage, shoved it down my throat then crapped it down the toilet.....okay scratch this introduction......start over...On my occasional sojourn towards the Western hemisphere of Sin City, I have a list of places where I want to eat to review, but about the time I've reached the front doors of those yet-to-be-ventured dining establishments I scrap it, turn myself around and go to Smashburger- the best brick and mortar burger joint in town.Now that consuming Burgers has virtually become a weekly event for me, I've decided to embrace my vices and dive in deep....real deep.  There and only there, will you find Smashburger; the mother load of decadence and flavor, your hands will smell of burger grease, onions and cheese for days.Smashburger: Smash. Sizzle. Savor.  Catchy right?  Well, to be honest, they deliver a pretty amazing burger: the quality of meat is there (Angus Beef Meatball) which is smashed on the grill (giving it it's imperfect shape) sprinkled with heavenly Smash seasoning while on the grill which is then placed on top of a Butter Toasted Egg Bun.I have only ordered one Burger here, the Sin City: The Smash Size (1/3 lbs.) + Fried Egg + Applewood Smoked Bacon + American Cheese + Grilled Onions + Haystack Onions + Smash Sauce on an Egg Bun.  And it will probably be the only Smashburger I will ever order, it is perfection! There's just an overload of flavors, the juiciest Burger that you will ever encounter; the rich Egg and Cheese proteins just coats your mouth like no other, the combo of Grilled and Haystack Fried Onions is a double punch of decadence - it's a flavor windfall with each bite.As for Fries, I'm partial to Smash's Signature: Fries (well cooked) tossed with Rosemary + Olive Oil and Garlic.  I like the Italian twist that Smash offers, and since I can't find that anywhere in a fast food establishment, I get it every time. (they Sweet Potato Smash Fries are yummy too!)By the time you're almost finished, you're hands and mouth are coated with a glorious glistening of rendered oil, and with an almost animal like post-mortem, you're overcome with a sense of calm satisfaction, like a pack of lions that have finished masticating a helpless (yet yummy) antelope. (calm down PETA- I'm too insignificant to be in the crosshairs of your bitter venom..)Suffice it to say, Smashburger has the best burger in town and the reason why I go to the other side to get my fix?  Because if I start going the one closer to where I live, I would be there every day and be 400 lb. (worth every pound)Ratings (Out of Five Stars)Food:           5Ambience:   4.5Service:        5
4	Sin City Burger, I've missed you.  Just a little over 2 years ago, the Smashburger was a wee tot and had just opened up.  I had the pleasure of dining here twice before I moved back to LA.  So, while visiting Vegas last week, I relished the chance to go back, eat, and have an opportunity to look at it anew with Yelper eyes.Lots of tasty choices from burgers ($5-7, offered in 2 sizes), to salads ($6), to grilled chicken sandwiches ($6-7), hot dogs ($5), sides ($2-3), haagen-dazs shakes ($4), and chili ($3).  The prices are really reasonable, and if you don't fancy any of the selections, you can create-your-own anything here.Re-living a not too recent favorite, I chose the Sin City Burger (american cheese, fried egg, bacon, grilled onions and served on an egg bun, http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=aXY6Ejxdb1RpLzp5Q4COVQ&userid=ZIOCmdFaMIF56FR-nWr_2A).  Instead of glorious fries, I chose the veggie frites (flash fried carrots and green beans).  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/diY31IEunbV8MfDh81FS1A?select=FOVjP_4w6ahRA0-3-0A3YQ#ejIvLEaxT5wsCd_UvtQRSQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/diY31IEunbV8MfDh81FS1A?select=FOVjP_4w6ahRA0-3-0A3YQ#afd8gM9iwR4AZ1mcdECpygI think for the price-point of a $7 burger (1/2 pounder), it's very good and very messy...couldn't eat the whole burger without it breaking into pieces.  Taste wise, it's in the neighborhood of a In-and-Out, Johnny Rockets, or a Fatburger.  The meat is hand-formed, but thin and larger than the bun.  Seasoned lightly (I remembered it differently from before), but the quality of the meat is less than a gourmet burger (many which are found in my "Berger knows Burgers" list, http://www.yelp.com/list/berger-knows-burgers-los-angeles-2).The Veggie Frites, great choice to save on carbs, and a unique offering at a burger place.  Green beans and carrots, flash-fried, sounds great. Unfortunately, I found them really boring, really oily, and with no pizazz or seasoning.  I ended up adding a ton of salt to it, so sure, no carbs, but now -- not even healthy.  And, WTH -- are you flipping me off?  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/diY31IEunbV8MfDh81FS1A?select=FOVjP_4w6ahRA0-3-0A3YQ#P-k5gqRqkCBad8G2rw9WRwIn summary, while the price-point for individual items seems reasonable, they didn't offer a combo price, so my tab (with a soda) ran over $12.  Not an inexpensive burger lunch adventure by any means.  Would I go back again, absolutely.  The food is fresh, the decor is contemporary in red and white (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/diY31IEunbV8MfDh81FS1A?select=FOVjP_4w6ahRA0-3-0A3YQ#FOVjP_4w6ahRA0-3-0A3YQ) with big painted words of "Smash", "Sizzle", and "Savor" --- and if you know me at all -- I love a good burger fix, and I'll find one in any city across the country.
3	The burger itself reminds me of freddy's steakburger, but the only difference is that this place is a little bit more expensive. Everything about this place is just ok, so don't believe the hype.
2	I just moved here recently from CO and have had smashburger before in denver. The Colorado burger with green chiles was the best thing ever! I didn't see it on the menu. though.I tried the Strip burger instead and was slightly disappointed when it came out cold along with the Smash Fries. Everyone hates cold fries.... I love Smashburger and will probably stop at other locations around the area. I'm hoping the standards are better elsewhere. Maybe next time!
5	Burgers are fresh and great quality ingredients. The fries with rosemary are delicious. I highly recommend it!
5	They really 'smash em, and they are so good!  My mom used to do this to her burgers, smash em down with a spatula while cooking.  This gives the patty a nice bit of crunch around the uneven perimeter, and somehow makes them moister.  Who knew this was a bold, creative technique that could be marketed as a gourmet treat?! Mom, we lost out! I had the chicken smasher and onion rings, everyone else had the beef burger.  We all agreed they were deeeelicious, and surprisingly juicy, which let's face it, is not what you'd expect from a smashed burger.The atmoshpere is bright, modern pop art clean and cheery.
2	I love a good burger! Can't say I love this place.I was excited to try this place when it opened. I made one visit there and haven't been back since. I don't remember what I ordered as it was sometime ago. Obviously was unimpressed with their burger. I do recall throwing the fries away they were disgusting enough to be memorable.On the plus side the place was neat and clean, The staff was friendly and quick enough. The food just didn't appeal to me.Would I give it another try? I just don't think so unless someone else was buying.
5	I really enjoyed the burgers, they're fresh & I couldn't get over how delicious the fries were. We did run into a couple problems but Nick the manager took care of it immediately. Jaime took our order she's a total sweety & I will be back to try out the chicken sandwichs next time.  I had a Mushroom & swiss burger but I had goat cheese instead of swiss on it. The burgers were so dang juicy. My boyfriend was even impressed & normally he's a tough guy to sway.
4	So my mission to find a good blue cheese burger in Vegas continues now that Create is gone. [You can check out my review for Bottles & Burgers' blue cheese burger for another option] This is what I would get if I'm jones-in for a blue cheese burger and I don't have a lot of time. I made my own burger with the regular bun, onions, tomatoes, spinach, blue cheese, and spicy buffalo sauce. It was pretty damn good if I do say so. Has it ended the search? Not yet. Off to the Three Angry Wives next to try theirs. Until then my friends, stay hungry.
3	Update:In my last post I raved about this place.  I haven't been back in a while, but I went today for lunch and was highly disappointed. The service was terrible. The guy taking our order wasn't friendly. He actually asked if we would be ok if someone behind us could go in front of us. The guy who was busing wasn't friendly. He was trying to carry too many plates and dropped some and was unhappy with himself. The girl bringing out food was fairly rude. She asked if we needed anything else. I asked for more of the haystack onion sauce. She brought me some mayo then I didn't see her again after that. She also refused to make eye contact. Now if the service was terrible, but the food was delicious as always I could say oh well bad day. The food was no good. My haystack onions were about half the size as I have had every other time I've been here. They were so greasy it was disgusting. The bottom third was just crumbs, so I couldn't even eat it. The burger was basically flavorless. I was so disappointed I had to write an updated review. I will give it another try to see if maybe today was an off day, but wow no more raving for me :/
4	I had mixed feelings going in but left knowing that their yet another solid option comes too gourmet burgers in Vegas!  I find it ironic that Bachi Burger and Smashburger located basically kitty corner too one another. I had too go with the Sin City Burger because who would not love burger with fried egg?? I did leave out the grilled onion so not true Sin City Burger. It came with great recommendation from roommate regular. Really two type of onions probably pinch much with everything else going on in the burger. The burger itself was cooked too perfection (the smashburger style) nice moist and juicy on the inside. The bun itself was great! The haystack onions, bacon, fried egg, cheese, and sauce all perfect compliments. They cook their fried egg not so loose missing some of that egg yolk goodness makes fried egg on burger. Still overall solid burger one that would order again and again. The Smash fries had nice flavor with the garlic and rosemary oil. Everything is prepared too order so may take time but well worth the short wait knowing everything comes out HOT. There other things on the menu at Smashburger from chicken sandwiches too vegan options black bean burgers. If all else fails build your own burger too your taste. It  very reasonable price and filling. You order at the counter then find place sit and bring food out too you. The staff is really friendly and great service all around. Sure be back because few more burgers on menu want too try out. Still Bachi Burger one star over the top comes too gourmet burgers for my taste.
4	Love the food! I usually create my own "Smash" Burger and I get the Smash Fries, which is a MUST! They're amazing! LOL. The service is always nice and the food comes out pretty quick. The shakes are good but over priced for a small amount. The restaurant part could be cleaner, but I'm hooked and love coming to this place!
1	I have been to Smashburger a few times and have even ordered takeout. I will never dine IN again after yesterday's experience. 3 out of the 5 back booths were dirty with trays of food and the floor was also dirty. Yes, they were short staffed and finally a manager appeared but she should have taken over. Our server  was Akexandra and she looked miserable to work there. The burger was still tasty. I always get the "sin city" burger.The vibe has definitely changed :( Bachi Burger across the street wins.
5	As a first time customer, the food exceeded my expectations!Sin City smashburger- Egg! Bacon! How can you go wrong with that combo?? A very flavorful, beautifully cooked burger. The two types of onions also added flavor to the sandwich. Love the egg bun too.Mushroom/Swiss smashchicken- Nice combination for a chicken sandwich, and I got the chipotle bun which was a good choice. Downside- Awful music at this location. It was club music and I don't get why any retail business would play music geared toward a specific age group.
3	This was my first Smashburbger experience, so keep that in mind when reading this review. I ordered the Sin City burger and it was great. The shift lead taking my order explained what makes Smashburger different from other burger joints and my food arrived in under three minutes. The only reason why I'm not giving this review four stars is because the burger was so hot that half of it split apart and cane out of the bun upon my first bite, and that because of the extreme heat, the first half of the eating was consumed by me trying to cool off the inside of my mouth. Once the burger cooled off to a more eatable temp, the taste really shined through. The Smash fries were pretty awesome... flavorful in every bite, but again, super hot when they first arrived. I'll definitely be back!
2	Well, I've heard alot about this place and was really excited to try it. Walking in, you feel like your going to get something different with an interesting menu and flavorful combinations. I ordered the the burger with pepper jack cheese, guac and jalapenos on a chipolte bun... sounds delicious, right? My expectations were dashed when I bit into a  burger that was tasteless, oily, ad crispy around the ages where it was smashed on the grill. My husband had the bbq with fried onions and had the same experience. We tried the smashfries and they were oily as well. Tasted like overcooked frozen fries to me... and the rosemary was tasteless. I don't know if this was an anomaly as so many  love this place...
4	I have been a total of 4 times now so i really feel i can give it a fair view. Its hardly crowded the few times i have been so good for me to not have to wait a long time. Employees are friendly enough. I joined the smashclub and took advantage of the buy one and get one burger. Great so i can have someone else try it. My daughter got the original smash and i got the one with the bacon and haystack onion rings. GREAT meaty burger, great taste and all...love the onion straws . Now the only mixed feeling i have is the prices of the burgers while very good $5.99 and up for a burger is a bit pricey especially when u have kids. Especially when In N Out can feed the whole family for about $12 and here u would be spending a WHOLE LOT more.I enjoyed the burgers each time but this would be a special treat place and not an oh lets grab a burger for everyone place. But love the variety of the menu, veggie burgers, or chicken or salad. and even the chiptole bun. Love it just cant do it daily
4	Love Smash burger. Great food great service awesome. Highly recommend this restaurant.
3	Great burgers. Managed poorly. Ran out of milk shakes. Ran out of ice tea. Ran out of cherry coke. Ran out of dr. Pepper. Chef cussing up a storm.
4	Okay.. Hand down this has GOT to be the best burger place in Vegas! Food is way above par and the burgers are always so fresh! Big Smash Sin City Burger is the way to go!!! Love it!
5	When it comes to burgers I consider myself a professional critic. With comparison to Ho-Dad's in San Diego, Smashburger has won the competition! Their food is delicious and the customer service that goes along with it is nothing less in comparison. The cashier who took my order was very helpful in helping me decide what I wanted (by the way, the Sin City Burger is the way to go). Then she even brought it out to my table! To my surprise, after my meal she even cleaned my table! What customer service! Ally is definitely the person you want taking care of you, and let me tell you, I took care of her as well with a gracious tip! Remember to tip your waiter!
3	I had never been to Smashburger and had heard many mixed reviews about it so when I got a $25 gift card from one of our patients I was excited to try it! I went with my boyfriend Sunday afternoon and we ordered a couple things on the menu which combined with the Yelp 10% off check in offer came out to be just a little over $25! Perfect! We ordered:The Classic Smash $4.99- my boyfriend said it was just OK.. I think he left a bite unfinished..Truffle Mushroom Swiss $5.99- I got it low carb wrapped in lettuce... Except it wasn't wrapped in lettuce.. it had a small piece of lettuce on the bottom and it just looked so sad and lonely HAHA I think In'NOut & Carl's Jr. do the protein style way better..Spinach & Goat Cheese Salad with chicken $7.99- I thought the salad was delicious! Very fresh ingredients and the best salad I've had at a fast food joint.. good portion.. we had to take half of it home. Smash Fries $1.99- I liked the flavor combo of olive oil & rosemary on the fries!Fried Pickles $2.29- These were really good especially with the ranch.. I couldn't eat more than a couple bites though Root Beer $1.50- Came with an ice cold mug.. very refreshing! Overall,  I think the burgers are not something I would crave or go out of my way to get.. The patties just weren't that great and left something more to be desired.. I would come back for the yummy salad though but at $7.99 a salad bar seems like a better option! HOT TIP: they sell beer here!!!! & you get free fries next time if you do their survey on the receipt~!!!
3	When I called to put in a To-Go Order the lady asked me to hold on for one minute. Ok. No problem. She didnt mute the line and I could hear everything. I figured she'd get to me as soon as she finished with her current customer. Nope. I hear 4 different customers place orders. I hang up. I was on my way home so I just stopped in instead. I made my order. Food came out fairly quickly. I ordered a Buffalo Chicken Burger (which was excellent), a custom burger with ketchup and mustard (which they put so little on it couldnt even be tasted), smashfries (where were hard and crispy, overcooked maybe), and fried pickles. Didnt care for the pickles one bit. I was very disappointed due to all the reviews raving about them. I'll be back when I want a burger, but I wont be going out of my way for this place. There are several other places in the vicinity that do burgers, so I'll be giving them a try before I come back here.
4	Got the spicy Baja and smash fries.  Burger was good had to ask for extra jalapenos as I like my food SPICY, I  like that they're fresh jalapenos ;) smash fries were good but had quite a bit of rosemary. All in all good :) fellow yelpers I LOVE spicy so any recommendations for the Vegas area would be welcome :)
4	Smash Burger is my second favorite fast food burger place. Of course Fat Burger is #1. They have great burgers and fries here and I like the fact that they offer whole Wheat Buns.The meat tastes better because the way they smash the burger on the grill. It Sears the meat and gives it that distinct taste.I definitely recommend Smash Burger.
5	I like this place.  The food was very good.  The hostess that took our order was great.  She was very friendly and recommended a burger that was terrific.  The guy that brought our meal was nice.  I'd recommend Smashburger.
5	Cheat day doesn't get any better :)
4	Smashburger is good.  I prefer In 'n Out, but I can see why some people love this place.  The restaurant is typically clean, but some of the staff seem like they may use drugs.
3	I hesitated between 3 & 4 stars. My DH enjoyed it more than I did. I found the burger flavorful but a little too salty for me Liked the bun and the smash sauce.. Not a fan of the fried pickles. They were just too salty. The shakes were great. The service was great. Very clean.
3	I tried Smash for lunch today.  I got a regular SinCity and an order of Smashfries.  I washed it all down with an Iced TeaThe burger was good; a regular was enough for me.The Smashfries had good flavor but were very oily.  I probably would skip them next time and try a side salad.  My lunch cost me less than $11.
5	I love love love Smash burger. Everything is made fresh to order.Try the SIN CITY burger it divine.The buns...omg the buns!!Must eat veggie frites with yummy ranch.Eat HERE.. Service is quick and friendly every timeThat is all
3	Tried them when they first opened and went back, maybe two other times.  They are good, but not not really worth the price IMO.
3	Late review.Decided to try this spot while in Vegas since another spot was closed on 4th of July.Used the Yelp coupon for checking in.My daughter LOVED the grilled cheese meal.  She's a picky eater when it comes to her sandwiches.
5	We did a burger challenge with Lydia, Cheryl, Nelly, Debbie and myself while visiting Vegas. We decided to do it on with Five Guys Burger, Fat Burger and Smash Burger. Here are the results of the following:Score are 1-10 and 10 being the highest- Five Guys 5 to 6 it was lacking seasoning/flavor/fat, bun was very basic, all you can eat peanuts was unexpected but good! Clean bright dining room. $$$$- Fat Burger 7 it was juicy, seasoned very well, bun was a upgraded Kaiser style, fat fries cooked to order. Foul sewage odor / dark in the dining room.$$$- Smash Burger 9.5 WON it was the tastiest, just enough meat, fat and seasoning, best atmosphere in the stylish dining room, the bun was the best egg style bun. Most inexpensive.$$Congratulations Smash Burger for being the top dog! Congrats to my burger foodies for hanging in on the 110 degrees heat while taking on this Challenge!
2	it has been awhile I have ventured here,, with bogo coupon in hand , there i went.. I tried the truffle/mushroom burger, got the condiment sides I wanted, but unfortunately they only can cook the burger well done?? What is with the burger cooked til it is burnt, not juicy at all( I asked for medium), but was told cannot be done that way????Well I guess the customer is not right and cannot get their burger their way here, so I will not be back... Service was quick and friendly, but no more burnt burgers for me.My dog like the hamburger , but then again she is a dog, who loves here meat.I will not be back.....................
5	It's time to write a review since we eat here often. I think their burgers are some of the tastiest in town and reasonably priced. Their shakes and root beer floats are the best. Clean dining room and always someone around to bring out the food to your table fast.  Like SmashBurgers better than Five Guys and Fats Burger and they are way better than McDonalds and Burger Kings for sure.
2	Eh, I didn't really feel this place.  I guess they smash burgers or something?  Apparently that makes them better? Who knows.I ordered the avocado club burger because ... avocado.  But, of course, they were stingy with the avocado.  I hate you!  Then, to top it off, the meat was all dry like it had been overcooked.  I will say that the smash fries are delicious. The rosemary, olive oil and garlic seasonings really make these fries addicting.  However, I am not going to go back to a place just because I like the fries!Step it up, yo.
4	The burgers are great, they have canned beer for $1/can, and the service is always great.  What more could you want?  Be sure to get the SmashFries, too!
5	This was my first time eating at a Smash Burger, and I have to say I'm very impressed. The burger (Sin City Burger) was amazing! The service was fast and friendly, and the place was clean and organized. They even sell beer, so you can have a cold one with your burger! Great place.
3	Well, after not eating here for about a year and finally trying it again recently, I am sorry to say that Smashburger has gone downhill! It just isn't as good as it used to be.A lot of items were taken away from the menu. They no longer serve crispy fried chicken. Really?? WHY?? I know that grilled chicken is healthier, but come on, sometimes I am in the mood for fried chicken! The Chicken Avocado Club that I used to love wasn't the same. They also took away their hot dogs and there are less varieties of salads. The sweet potato fries used to be awesome when they were tossed with rosemary, olive oil and garlic. I was really looking forward to eating these again, but now they are plain and seasoned with sea salt. There are big digital menus by the register, which is nice. The cashier wasn't too friendly, but the girl who brought our food to the table was. She stopped by our table and checked on us twice. Pretty good service for a fast food place.Sorry Smashburger, but you have been smashed down on my list of burger joints! Looks like I'll be going back to In-N-Out and getting chicken sandwiches elsewhere!
5	Best value for the dollar, as far as burgers go on the west side of Vegas.  It's not glamorous, so don't go for the dining room atmosphere.  It's a solid burger with all the rights flavors and fixins'.  Extremely reasonable add-ons (bacon, egg, avocado, etc.), mostly for $1.00.  Compare that to a $10+ kids' meal at Bachi Burger, and this place is great value & delicious flavor.  Win/win.
2	First let say that the staff were great! Allie the manager even cooked my 3rd attempt sandwich herself. They did their best to make us happy and they are the reason this review is this high. The food is extermemly salty, that is from 3 of us all felt the same. The chicken with avocado was ok. So hats off to a GREAT crew!
4	BBQ, Bacon and Cheddar Burger = AmazingClassic Burger = OkFries = OkOnion rings = not a fanOverall = Would recommend for burger fans
3	It's not the best and it's not the worst, but if you want a greasy burger, some tasty fries and a milkshake Smashburger has ya covered. I usually go for the sweet potato fries with the yummy seasoning. Sooo tasty.
4	Ordered to go. Asked for cold veggies on the side. Did not dissappoint. Got our burgers home, thirty seconds in the microwave and it was as if they had just come off of the grill. Yum!Got the fries. Really tasty, but kind of frustrating. They are so thin. You have to grab four in order to get any ketchup to stick to them.
4	Burgers were good, not great, and staff was rushed which caused them to be rude. I liked the upbeat and young environment and do plan on going back. Those fries were out of this world.
5	Good food, great service, friendly staff, and good selection of music. Smashburger leans towards healthy with the selection of 3 sizes of burgers, grilled or breaded chicken, and a black bean burger for vegetarians. They have a great selection of sides. Also choice of toppings is awesome.
5	The food is stellar, and the staff is always friendly. It sometimes takes more time than I'd like to get our food, but it's always worth the wait!
3	I have been torn about trying Smashburger since some of the reviews for their locations have been less than smashing.  Last night, we decided to try something different and decided to try Smashburger.I looked at the online menu and then went to this location which is near where I live.  I got the avocado club hamburger for myself and the truffle mushroom burger for my wife.  After finding out what Smash fries were, I got an order for each of us.Sarah was the woman running the register last night and she was good answering my questions.  I'm sure she could tell it was my first time there.  She told me to have a seat and she'd bring the to go order as soon as it was ready.  In about 5 minutes, the order was ready.  Since there was no one else in the restaurant, I knew it was mine.A short drive home and we were enjoying the hamburgers.  They were good for a change.  They are somewhere in the middle between normal fast food hamburger chains and the upscale hamburger shops which have sprung up around Las Vegas.  The fries were good.I'm not going to make Smashburger a regular on my rotation schedule, but it was good enough that I'll be back sometime.  I need to try the nutter butter shake.
4	Great burgers! Love going here around 9pm and getting any type of burger with a fried egg lol. The cashier was quick and polite and they even helped me decide on a milkshake (butter finger). Definitely one of my favorite burger spots in Summerlin.
5	Have frequented this location off and on the past three years. For what it is the food is always good and the staff is always friendly. Never had any issues here and my kids always enjoy coming when we do. Place is great if you don't want fast food but don't have the time for a big sit down restaurant.
2	I usually enjoy my meals from Smash Burger. My location of choice is the one on Lake Mead but the Sahara location is closer to my home. Now, I know they took fried pickles off of the menu BUT they still make them if you ask. They're $2.29, normally they're delicious. Lightly breaded and fried to perfection. I also ordered the Spicy Baja burger which was good. I can't complain about that. The fried pickles were absolutely HORRIBLE!! The worst I've ever had anywhere. They tasted like the cook poured an entire container of salt in the batter. The batter was SOOOOOOO thick and chunky. I couldn't believe it. Next time I'll go to the location on Lake Mead, the last time I was there I enjoyed my order of fried pickles.
5	Best burger in the fast food category in Las Vegas. Very fresh ingredients, served hot, and nice clean atmosphere.  Much better than Five Guys.
4	It's fast food right? I had the mushroom Swiss chicken sandwich. Really good, I was pleasantly surprised. It actually tasted like chicken ( not a cardboard box), the arugula and mushrooms were also fresh.
4	I tried Smashburger for the first time today. I really wanted a turkey burger, but that isn't an option here. So, I decided to try the Avocado Ranch Black Bean Burger. I am totally satisfied. A nice size burger with plenty of avocado. It was delicious.
2	Short: Go to Carl's Jr. or Fatburger. Seriously. Nothing special here, and wishy-washy proportions and quality. Long: Arrived here around 7pm for some late to-go dinner. Was met with a dull "Welcome" and ordered my food from someone who seemed like they couldn't smile.When I got home with my food, it was terrible.The Sin City burger's buns were falling apart, so I couldn't hold and eat it. All the toppings were smeared with sauce and grease--which is fine--but it made it all taste like the same mush. No texture other than soggy mush.The Truffle Mushroom Swiss burger was a bit better and could be eaten by hand.The sides were the worse:The fries were STALE. They weren't crunchy, but hard and had a off after-taste. I didn't finish them.The haystack onions were a complete joke. The serving was the size of a half-cup measuring cup--a bit larger than the sauce cup they came with. This filled a quarter of the fry container they came in. And they were soaked with oil. It took a couple napkins to soak up all the oil. Then they were mushy--nothing like haystack onions.I will not return here as there's better food elsewhere. You can get better sides at any fast-food restaurant, and better burgers at places like Carl's Jr. and Fatburger--for a better price!
4	Stopped by because we were craving a juicy good burger. Fast food didnt sound appealing. So glad I stopped.The burgers were some of the best. Seasoned and cooked perfectly. They asked if we wanted any pink, I admit I do! We got the spicy jalapeno baja burger without the guacamole and the classic. Loved both. Definitely try the smash fries, soooo good. The shakes I will have to try next time! They looked fantastic ;)Glad they are close by, makes going next time easier than the other "fast" food joints.
1	Worst experience again ...... The cook had no gloves.... Waited half an hour before my food came out. Too bad normally the food is good"" Service sucks"
5	This place is great....good food....decently priced....I usual order the BBQ cheeseburger or bacon cheese with smash fries.....not something I would order everyday but will worth it once a week
4	Delicious!Six days a week, I eat really healthy: no grains, sugar, starch, dairy. One day a week, I eat things I normally wouldn't, and today, I chose to indulge in Smashburger. I'm glad I did! I ordered a BBQ bacon burger, which came with BBQ sauce and bacon (it's aptly named) and what I think was called onion crisps. I'm not a fan of onions, so I took those off. The burger was fantastic! I would definitely order that again. I also ordered smash fries and a salted caramel shake. Both were amazing. After eating the burger, 1/4 of the fries and part of the shake, I am stuffed. It's unfortunate, I would love to have finished those fries. It was clean, we received our food quickly, and the staff was friendly. I came in with my husband and two small kids (4 and 1) and we ordered 3 burgers, so the kids could share one. The staff kindly provided a table knife without asking so I could cut the burger in half for the kids and they brought us an additional plate. It was a great lunch!
3	So, I come into Smashburger regularly cause it's only down the street from my house and I love the Black bean burger and sweet potato fries.Today I decided to try online ordering cause it was around 6 and figured it would be busy and didn't wanna wait. I ordered the food for my dad and I, and waited to leave right before the specified time. I got there and it wasn't too busy. Walked in, wasn't greeted, some girl in a red shirt who's name was *Sarah finally appeared behind the counter and looked absolutely miserable, no personality, not friendly. I waited about 15 minutes for my food even though it should've been ready when I arrived. I got my food, and had to remind them about the shake we had ordered, AND they missed two sides, a fry and fried pickle, which I then waited for. The girl named *Sierra was extremely apologetic, and almost embarrassed about the kitchen. She was super on top of things, running from table to table being very attentive, you need to give her a raise or something cause she picks up everyone's slack. I ended up getting in my car and driving down the street and it appeared they gave me two fries instead of the fry and pickle, so I drove back absolutely pissed. I showed *Sierra and she had me shove a few fries around and I guess the fries spilled into the pickle cup. Anyways, she apologized once again, and at this point I was there for over half an hour and didn't wanna bring home soggy ass food. So *Sierra took all my bags and replaced my whole order. I then found out the girl in the red shirt (*sarah) was the manager, she started questioning *sierra and why she was replacing everything. I wouldn't have even guessed *sarah was a manager, she looked like a new unhappy trainee.  So I started watching the manager as I waited another 15 minutes for my food to cook and she's TERRIBLE like really bad for your business, she's not in control, looked lost wondering around pretending like she's working and gave off such a bad vibe. The only right she made was giving me a coupon with a quick sorry. So what saved my consistent business at your location was *sierra. Wonderful customer service and she needs to be praised or noticed as an asset. Thanks for dinner, I hope my next experience is better.
1	Visited yesterday for lunch. My order was the only one being worked in the kitchen. They forgot to cook my fries until after my chicken sandwich was done & in the pass for service. I know this because the loud conversation between staff. So when I finally got my fries, halfway through eating sandwich, I was not offered an explanation nor apology. Just a "here ya go". Guess my business doesn't matter. So I'll take it to where it's appreciated.
4	This is a well managed smash burger.  The employees are friendly and competent during my visits.  The food is pretty quick, and it tastes good.  If you check in here (as of Oct 2014) you get 10% off your order here, which is pretty cool.  Love the iced green tea, although it can be a bit too sweet at times.  My regular is avocado Club grilled chicken, with sweet potatoe fries.  Pretty clean, and tastes good.  Enjoy
4	One of my very favorites burgers. Juicy and oh soooo delicious. I like this location. It's right by my house, never crowded, friendly service. My whole family enjoys coming here.
4	Its a nice alternative to other fast food burger places. The add ons are killer! Talk about variety, and most are included with your price. Pile that burger high, or keep it as is.....whatever you fancy.Its a good place to sit down, and enjoy the time with friends, family, and company....or take it home with you (like im doing this time).The vibe is good, and the burgers are good. Doesn't get much better than that!
1	Smashburger is a joke.  There is no consistency in their product.  One day you get a nicely cooked burger the next it is over cooked, dry, and tasteless or, the worst, undercooked and raw in the middle.   The location at West Sahara is the worst when it comes to inconsistencies.  Don't try to order a burger and ask them to hold something off of it, they will make you do a build your own because they are too lazy to have to punch a couple extra keys on the register.  Do yourself a favor and skip smashburger, more hype than hope of a good meal.
4	Most people have heard of Smashburger, so this review will be short and sweet.  Every time I've visited a Smashburger location, my burger has been tasty, hot, and smashed thin, per the name.  I always get a yelp check-in discount, which is a perk, and service is usually good.  Smashburger is a little higher-end than most fast-food chains, as the ingredients used are a bit nicer and the quality of the burgers higher.  This place is good for a cheap burger fix that won't make you feel too guilty about indulging.
2	The young lady at the register was nice and greeted me with respect. I ordered a jalapeno baja burger and fries with cheese on them. The girl that handed me the food wasn't as nice or respectful as the register gal, and when I received my food the fries didn't have the cheese so I asked kindly for them to add it and the lady didn't say anything and took it back. When I received the food back, the fries had cheese on them, except it was an unmelted piece of cheese that they use on burgers. Stellar job, cook. The burger itself was tasty but the bun was soggy with grease. I hate to complain but I paid $16 for something I could have gotten at burger king.
