4	First timers and I must admit the 5 meat stuffed pizza is delish! I will admit I was hesitant at first. In regards to baking the pizza... It was simple. I baked it for 20 minutes and it was perfect! I am looking forward to trying a gourmet pizza next time.
4	I'm a first timer of Papa Murphy's Pizza.  I'm really glad I got to try it.  First off, if you are not familiar, it is a Take and Bake Pizza place.  So they don't cook it there.  They make the pie there topped with whatever you please and you take it home to cook.  The cook time is maybe about 15-20 minutes, depending on crispy you like your pie.  There are three types of crust, Original, deLite think crust, and Stuffed pizza/calzones.  I went with Original.  I tried Papa's Favorite (which is like a supreme pizza) and the Gourmet Chicken Garlic.  Both were delicious.  It really makes a difference when you cook it yourself.  Oh man, the ooey gooey cheesiness is yuuuuuuumy.  All the fresh ingredients they use that seriously makes all the difference.  The prices are decent, you get more for your money here then at your regular mainstream pizza places.  Did I mention they have a Pick-Up drive through?  When they make it for you, they put it together in a matter of 5-10 minutes.  So you can call ahead, drive there, get your pie....plus get your beers next door at Lee's, LOL.
4	I think the "effort" it takes to drive to get my order instead of having my pizza delivered is worth it after trying Papa Murphy's. The order and pick up process it easy, you can even call in your order so there is less wait time at the location. The pizzas are made to order depending on size, crust, sauce, and toppings. Cook time is short and the pay off is a pleasant tasting crust, not a lot of grease, fresh tasting toppings and fresh from the oven- no worries as to how long your pizza has been out of the oven or who touched it or how it was tortured on the speedy car ride to your house. Just order, pay, bake, and enjoy!
5	If you don't mind bringing it home to cook, this is the place. Freshly made when you order -- their sauce is terrific and the ingredients super fresh. It doesn't take long to prepare if you didn't call ahead. They now have a foil pan for the large and a modified recipe for preparing your pizza on the BBQ. Perfect for Vegas summers. They've also added an even thinner, thin crust pizza called the Delight. This is the first Papa Murphy's I've seen with a drive-thru. I'm a fan.
4	My husband and I get this every couple of months or so.  We are big fans of Grimaldi's and Novecento, but there are times when we just want to hang out at home and enjoy a freshly baked pizza.Of course, getting delivery would be "easier," but I always feel so disgusting after eating greasy delivered pizza (even though it satisfies a craving once in a blue moon).  Papa Murphy's is about 10 minutes away.  We make a phone call and it's ready for pick up.  In our oven, it takes only about 12 minutes to get a nice crisp crust.  We find that because it's fresh, it's not greasy.  The toppings have always been good.  We tend to get supreme.  The sauce it yummy, slightly tart.Yes, we consider ourselves "foodies."  Yes, we enjoy our NY or Neopolitan style pizza above everything else.  There are just those times when we want pizza but don't want greasy delivery and a frozen grocery store pizza won't cut it, so we go to Papa Murphy's!
5	pizza was filled with generous amount of toppings. i really like the drive thru part. order ahead of time and go to drive thru and pick it up.. went home, baked it and dinner is served.
4	A different take on pizza.  They make em and you bake em.  I liked the employees and how neato it is to just make it yourself.  Same amount of wait but if anything goes wrong, it's on you!  Try it out :)
4	I use to be a regular patron many years ago in WA state.My son wanted to try this for his birthday.  We purchased the family size Chicken with white sauce.  The entire family loved it and for Tuesday night special, it was easy on the wallet.We will be back!
