4	I can only comment about the "Hard Chicken Tacos" since that is all that I have tried. But I have had them 4 times, and all 4 times they were great.It's not easy to find "good hard tacos" in Phoenix.  Fast food chicken tacos are ALL crappy.  Some or most of the "Mexican" food restaurants try to fry their own corn tortillas and fold them into taco shells ( /Fail ) or just sell "rolled tacos."These at Federicos are good taco shells which don't fall apart from the first bite, and don't get "soggy on the bottom" too soon.The meat has a very good flavor - not too salty and not too spicy, but definitely not drab or bland.Price is good too.  They run a special where you can get 5 tacos and a drink for like $5.29 or something.  It's crazy cheap, and the portions are not small.It's my "go-to spot" for hard tacos.
5	I had a Chicken Taco Combo for 6.19 which included 2 Hard "Red Chicken" Tacos with Rice & Beans. I added a large homemade lemondae & apparently they charge a .50 fee for any card transaction so my final total was 9.44. It was well worth it. Tacos were seasoned well I felt were overstuffed in chicken but I pulled it out and munched later in the meal. The rice & beans were plentiful. I had no leftovers but I did not eat anymore for the rest of the day. Completely filling. My first experience was wonderful. No complaints!
4	Went inside on Saturday morning and ordered the Country Breakfast burrito. I added rice to the potatoes, cheese and eggs and my total was about 6 bucks for a very large breakfast which half the burro is still sitting in frig. Everything seemed freshly made to order and the ingredients all tasted nice. With no meat inside, it was hard to mess this burrito up, so it was a nice, no worry about what is inside my breakfast. Extra points for free chips on the counter and a decent green sauce was served on the side, more thick than than normal. Great radish and cucumbers as well.
4	carne asada fries were well drained and perfectly cooked. the cheif did not skimp on carne over the top. food was hot when we picked it up. the side of beans was a small meal by itself. my burrito was very good- fresh tastes, well cooked. I am not a person that enjoys food, but I Enjoyed eatting at Frederico's.
5	Whenever Im in this area of town and I need a fast-food place, I always hit up Federico's. Call me boring, but I LOVE bean and cheese burritos. And this place really does an excellent job on them.  They are about 3 times the size of a lot of local spots nearby and the beans taste like the ones my Nana used to make. And Im convinced my Nana made the best beans around.  They also add a white cheese (asadero) to them which tastes a heck of a lot better than the standard cheddar that some places add to their burritos.I havent tried anything else here so my review is based strictly on the bean and cheese burritos.  If I lived a bit closer, I would try some other items on the menu, but for now please take my word that these burritos are really good. Havent been disappointed yet.
5	This Federicos isn't in the nicest of areas, but will not disappoint you! I have had the shredded chicken chimichanga plate, enchiladas, carne asada fries and carne asada burrito. All of the items I have tried have been amazing! I love eating at Federicos! The employees are very friendly and don't skimp when making your food. You definitely get what you pay for here.
4	Food was fresh and hot. Customer service was pretty good. Drive thru line went very quickly. Loved my grilled chicken torta.
