4	So my weekly travels takes me to not only 3 LA Fitnesses a week but let's me see how vastly different each location is cared for. Of the 3 I go to this location is the best kept in cleanliness and organization. The locker room smells clean unlike some of the others that smell like sweaty balls and ass.. the showers are immaculate and have been kept up since opening 5+ years ago. Not much eye candy at 4am which is cool by me since that means no waiting for anything. Maybe 4 people there when I go and they are mostly doing cardio. I wish all the location were like this.. its one of the few locations that I don't feel like I have to take a shower after taking a shower!
3	This is an older location.  The cardio equipment is the worst part.  Most of the equipment is out of order or makes a loud noise when you use it. If you're lifting, its not bad at all.  I go to this location all the time because its close to my house.
3	"I'm here to pump u up!" My favorite la fitness, maybe bc its close to home or maybe bc there's lots of fat chicks!!
4	It's clean, it doesn't smell, and usually, there is not problem with it being too crowded.  Being a Pure Fitness convert, it's a much better gym, with a lot more to offer.  I learned how to play racquetball here, so that kind of makes it special to me!Only complaint is the old men who reserve the racquetball courts and try to kick us out 5 minutes before their reserved time... Sooooo annoying.
5	Was signed up there about 6 months ago by Andrew. This is the second time signing up. Canceled before because of money issues. And Andrew was amazing.  Of the other clubs I've been too this on is my favorite. It is very large and always clean. A nice variety of equipment. The classes are very fun. The staff are friendly. I love this place 5 stars!!!!
3	Typical LA Fitness. This one has a lap pool and decent equipment. If you want to go when it isn't busy go around 11-3 and 9 to close. From what I seen those times there isn't a lot of people there. I hate waiting for weights or machines to open especially when you have people that keep talking and hanging out.
2	Even though this is my home gym where I train for my shows...I really starting to not like the people here no more! The GM was very cool with me and since he got transfer to a new LA Fitness nothing isnt the same no more! Everyone here is a meat head witch I dislike!
4	This location is one of the older ones, but it definitely stacks up to the new location.  It's clean, smells normal and 95% of the equipment is always working.  So that's a plus.  I would have given it 5 stars if the dang juice bar they have was open when we were there.  Seems to only be open for people who can work out during the day...Trainers are great and always willing to help and what I love about this place.. It's not that crowded.  I like to shoot hoops, so early in the morning, I can usually have the court to myself.  We also recently tarted to play racquetball and have a blast doing that.  it's a great work out if you've never done it.I would call this my home LA Fitness along with the new one on 17 & Northern.
2	Decided I'd join LA Fitness after looking at a couple other fitness centers that my employer offers discounts. I spoke with a salesperson named Cam. I wanted to know the best rate they offer, and if they are offer any employee discounts through my company. I work for a large corporation in AZ. Cam told me that they are offering our company employees a $110 start up and $39.99 monthly rate. I explained to him that LA Fitness is offering a cheaper deal currently on the the main website. He asked me to come in and he would see what he could do. I went ahead and joined a competing fitness center down the road that I can workout 24 hours per day, and the owners were very engaged. I made sure to tell them to call LA Fitness and thank Cam for the referral.
5	The atmosphere, trainers, front desk, and salesmen are all very friendly. They even high-five me when they see me and always ask how I'm doing. Prices are a little high, but the friendliness makes up for it.
