3	Every week me and my bff (+her bf) attempt to try something new and not to sucky out in the land of Surprise. You know what they say, Surprise, it sucks. Anyhoo.. My Greek Corner is the first fast food Greek place in Surprise and as of now, the only Greek food place (Sorry Mikes, you don't count). The menu is short and carries the basics plus a few Italian and American favorites thrown in for good measure. We tried the Humus Spread and the #4 Traditional Gyro Pita.. you always have to try the basics to best guess the rest of the menu. Well... the humus, meh, I make a pretty mean humus myself and we were not impressed. While thick and hearty it lacked any sort of garlic, tahini, etc.. seemed like chickpeas, and lemon juice. It served with pita "chips" meaning they grease up some pita bread and bake it off, could have broken a tooth if you werent careful. Hot and soft pita bread would have been much better with the humus. The Gyro Pita was fantastic and made up for the so-so humus. Layers of tender sliced gyro meat piled high on chewy flat bread, then topped with delicious and creamy tzatziki, onions and tomato. Delish. The french fries that came with the combo were decent, and for 8.50 seemed like a pretty good deal, oh, that included a pop too, Pepsi products, yay!!So if you're out in Surprise and have the taste for a some Greek action, hmmmm, Greek action.. go ahead and pull on to the drive thru and get some Greek to go!
4	We got excited when we saw this place being built in the plaza on grand. And after the dismal overpriced failure that was House of Kabob's  Surprise has been too long without a source of greek food, a craving that I get every so often but usually have to be willing to travel a great distance to satisfy.  We both got the Gyro Pita's which includes a Drink, a sizeable helping of french fries and a large Gyro loaded with tasty gyro meat.  I of course added feta which made this a truly craveable experience. We ordered a side greek salad and it was more than enough for the two of us to share. the prices were more than reasonable and I will definitely be going back.
4	had greek corner again last night.  thought I would mention that they changed their fries.  previously they were using large thick steak fries which were kind of bland.  They are now using thinner crispier natural cut herb seasoned fries which are very good.  The Gyro was still amazing.
5	LOVE THE GYRO! I'm from NJ and attended Rutgers University. For anyone who knows the Grease Trucks, this GYRO brought me back to the college days of inexpensive amazingly authentic GYRO's. I know the owners of this place are true Greeks, so perhaps you don't know Greek food too well if you don't think this is authentic. Highly recommend dinner here...also great and convenient for take out- as they have a drive througth!
1	Overall a pathetic and weak excuse for a Gyro. The pita was slightly stale and chewy and there was so little meat here that it was lost in the pita, I feel cheated.The tzatziki sauce truly ruined it for me, it was unusually sweet and off putting, I've never tasted anything like it.
3	Had lunch here with my son and 2 friends yesterday. We had been wanting to try My Greek Corner for a while and finally got the chance! So we placed our order at the counter and were given our number to head off and get a table. The food is brought out pretty promptly which is nice.One thing you should know about My Greek Corner is that you get a whole lotta food with your orders!  Each of us ordered a platter and got the main dish, a choice of two sides and what we came to know as a ridiculously large side-salad with our meals. That's a lot of food for lunch. Next time we know better. ;)We ordered the hummus appetizer because what's a Greek place without hummus? The hummus was a little thin, but creamy and served with soft hot pita chips. It was adequate...nothing spectacular and lacked in garlic and other seasoning to kick up the chick pea factor. We all selected roasted veggies for one of our side dishes and The roasted veggies are not roasted...they are steamed. They were past al-dente but not so far past that you felt geriatric. And the veggies could use a little seasoning on them--the seasoning from the fries would have been perfect. The ridiculously oversized Greek salad wasn't really anything special. It looked nice as it had fresh crisp romaine, red onion slices and large chunks of feta, but the flavor was a bit bland. Each person got 1 kalamata olive each on our salad which we grinned about. The salad really is a meal in and of itself though and could be scaled back by almost 3/4 to really be considered a side salad. My son had the falafel platter which came with 5 good size falafels, a side of non-roasted veggies, french fries, and a Greek Salad. The falafels were tasty and not hard as rocks like you get expect in some places. The seasoned fries were not over-salty which was nice. The salad was just too much though as it's size is a meal in and of itself.My friend had the spanikopita platter which came with 1 spinach and 1 cheese spanikopita but hers came with 2 cheese. She chose fries and roasted veggies and along came that way oversized Greek Salad. She liked the spanikopita but wanted to try both flavors. Oh well maybe next time.My other friend and I enjoyed the Gyro platters. She had the traditional lamb, and I had chicken. We both had rice and roasted vegetables and again that oversized Greek Salad. The rice was very bland. They made it in chicken broth so it had a yellow color to it leading you to believe it might be saffron rice...but no...it's plain white rice cooked in chicken broth. And if you are going to advertise ROASTED veggies, use the proper cooking technique.  As to the Gyros...they were tasty. The meat was thicker than you would expect which was actually a good thing. The tzatziki sauce was thick and flavorful. And again, the pitas were fresh and hot. Overall, we liked My Greek Corner. It does have a drive thru, which is funny because you definitely can't eat very many of the menu offerings in the car. With a few tweaks, this place could definitely make it in the West Valley. People complain that it might be a bit expensive, but when you consider all the food you are getting for the price, it's actually quite reasonable and you certainly don't walk away feeling hungry! I definitely wouldn't consider this a fast food restaurant and I think people are mistaking it as such because it's housed in the former building where Fazoli's was. I will definitely go back to My Greek Corner because I can't make it out to Doobie's Grill in Mesa as often as I'd like and Mike's Greek and Italian doesn't cut the mustard at all. Bottom line--go in with an open mind and you might be pleasantly surprised.
4	We've eaten here 3 times now and I think it's great for fast food, the Gyro's are delicious.  I also appreciate that you can call ahead and just pick up your order in the drive through.  This is one of my fav's.
4	I ate here for the first time time today, and it was great! A Greek guy I know said this is the best American made Greek food he has had outside of New York! Support this place... we need more independent places in Surprise!
4	Very good food, good service. I didn't expect to be seated like a regular restaurant due to all the previous reviews saying it was fast food and totally didn't expect the food to taste better than fast food!I had the spanikopita and Greek salad which was great. HUGE spanikopita... Could not eat it all. I also tried my friends lamb gyro and the stuffed olive leaves... Very good as well. I suggest it for your Greek hunger and for your frugal wallet.  I left paying only $10 or so, not including tip.
5	I LOVE this restaurant and we go there at least 2-3 times a month. Surprise needs a family-owned restaurant that is affordable and has great food - and this one fits the bill. I have tried other Greek places in the west valley and never returned to any of them - I had given up on Greek food fantasies until we discovered My Greek Corner. My absolute favorite that I get almost every time we go is the lamb souvlaki. It's amazing. Perfectly spiced and perfectly cooked every time. The salad is always fresh and the pita bread is the freshest I've had since moving to AZ 5years ago. We also love the spanikopita and tirokopita - both fabulous.Also as a bonus the prices are incredibly reasonable and the portions are huge.  And I love that it is not a chain, people in AZ are so into chain restaurants it's a breath of fresh air.  Especially in the West valley.  Love it!!
4	We just moved to Surprise, so the drive through has been very convenient on those days we look like heck, and have no food to cook, and a lot of errands to run, etc.   The kids have had the burgers and chicken strips, and they loved them.  The hubby has had the avacado burger and double cheese burger, and both have been pretty good. I took a bite of his double, and it was a great burger.  The fries are yummy.  I had a gyro, and it was really good! It was so over stuffed.  I also had a chicken souvlaki meal with rice and the salad, and it was so good.  I was starving by the time we ate, but still it was so yummy.  The pita is perfect.  I am glad to have this place close.  For the few bad things... I didn't like the hummus and the prices are a little high.
4	I finally made it here!! Been looking forward to it and never made it. I was a little confused because I thought we would order at the counter and then wait for our order, but a very nice waitress asked us to have a seat at one of the tables and she waited on us as in a regular sit down restaurant. That was great! There were 5 of us on our early dinner group and we each ordered something different. We started with the traditional humus which was good, I wanted more flavor. We all tried from each others plates, and all of them were great!! And the portions are huge!! I took half of my meal home and had it for lunch today and the meat was still beautiful. I would recommend the stuffed grape leaves, the lamb was so tender also. It was a great meal and so very affordable. I'm going back to try their flavored humus...
5	love this place, homemade dishes, food is cooked to order. I'm there at least once a week, sometimes 2-3 times. The marinated souvlaki is fantastic, love the lemony-garlic flavor. Pita bread is grilled I think and served with practically everything. Took my out-of-towners twice while here, they loved it, everyone had something different, they went crazy for the pita sandwiches and souvlaki platters. The lemon soup is great too. Service is always friendly.
2	I was not impressed! I had Greek salad and moussaka and another pasta dish together! The salad had no flavor like they forgot something in the dressing! The food was plentiful but tasteless! My husband had gyro he's had the real thing in Greece and he said it was just okay! I don't know if we will return unless we hope to try something else with the hopes that it might be better than what we had! When we walked in did not know if we should sit or order at counter no one greeted us so my husband had to find someone in back to ask!
2	Meh Greek Restaurant.  Don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad.  It was no Z's Greek on Indian School, but it wasn't bad.I had the Gyro Platter.  The Greek salad was fine, the gyro was fine although I prefer it done a bit more.  The rice was ok and the veggies on the side...they tasted ok but here's where they dropped from 3 stars down to 2.  There were parts of the broccoli and such that were not normally meant for mammals lacking multiple stomach's.  Numerous tough, fiberous bites that had to be spit out or regurgitated to chew on later, as you wish.The service was friendly and the people were nice. If I hadn't been in a hurry I might have sent it back or changed to a different side.
3	My Greek Corner serves breakfast in addition to lunch and dinner.  They are conviently located near the corner of Grand & Bell. I've stopped by now a couple of times for lunch and find this place A~OK.  They have a wide variety menu with a mixture of Greek/Italian/American which is somewhat confusing since they are a Greek restaurant. Where else can you get a Gyro along with some Buffalo wings and a fried fish sandwich and a steak... Food ~ Gyros are very good with a generous portion of layered sliced gyro meat cooked very well high, not dry, on heated chewy flat bread, topped with their creamy tzatziki sauce, onions and tomato. It is very good and what I come back for.  Their french fries are seasoned and ok. Their Hummus and Greek salads are not on my order again list. I do like their chicken and lamb souvlaki combo with rice and a salad. Service is very friendly and accommodating. They have a drive through if you want to order something to go.  I suggested on my last visit, they might benefit by tailoring their menu down somewhat and remove some of the odd options and be more focused on their Greek food. A solid place for a Gryos or Souvlaki if your in this area.  I plan to try their breakfast on my next visit. Promo plug: they are offering a "BOGO" deal on their Gryos ~ buy one get one 1/2 price, so take a friend with you! I asked how long this offer last, and apparently it has been going on for a while now and will continue.
4	Love this place! Our favorites are: we start with the hummus with the pita bread then we order the original Fat Gyro and for dessert the yummy baklava. They also are friendly and have great prices!
3	What's this? A drive-thru Greek restaurant? How good can that be?About as good as you'd expect. The prices and food were more of the 'meh' quality. Same generic gyro meat you'll find anywhere else, topped with your usual tomato, onions, and so-so tzatziki. You can add a side for $2.50, but the fries, salad, and even rice all looked or tasted bland and boring.Don't lose interest yet, this place saves itself from two-star territory. I like the beverage selections, with the imported Greek lager and the varieties of S. Pellegrino (Aranciata? Limonata? Yes!).Where this place really shines is the dessert. They tasted more original, and almost homemade. My traditional baklava was above average, and I needed help finishing one triangle.If I come here again, it will probably be to-go. The interior felt like a Long John Silver's. Summary: Solid Greek lunch at a reasonable price. Give it a chance.
5	Love this place, great kabobs and salads.
4	Yah!  Really nice actually.  Stopped in for a quick lunch and was glad that we did.  The Hummus was exceptional and the food was nicely prepared, hot and tasty.  My son had the Falafel plate and I gotta tell you, they really looked and tasted good.  You can always tell when the food is fresh, and stuff was fresh here.  Definitely worth a repeat visit.
4	This place is great. They have relatively cheap food, but it is still delicious. The customer service is superb and that is what I focus on. I always appreciate a kind person.
1	Bad enough the first time I probably won't try it again...  Waited 20 minutes for a standard gyro and fries, fries were good but those aren't Greek so I don't count them.  Gyro meat was cold and tasteless and the pita was crusty.
2	They left me waiting to be seated and seemed surprised that I was there. I know I can blend but, really?! Then they didn't come by to take my order for a long while. After this experience I'm sure the CIA could use my blending skills. The falafel platter was decent but the tanini sauce was weak and odd. If you don't mind flagging down the staff it was ok.
2	I ate here on one of my first days in Phoenix. The food was edible, not quite the Greek I'm used to. Not even close to the Greek fast food back in Omaha. For Greek seasoned fries they sure were bland. The gyros were not as flavorful as I am used to either. Service was ok. But then again we were there when it wasn't really busy. When I come back to Phoenix next year I don't think that this will be on my lists of eats.
4	Great food!  Got the chicken and pork skewer plate, which was perfectly cooked.   Check this place out if you like Greek food!
3	Friendly service, clean dining area & bathrooms. The food was, ok, nothing special. I had a Greek salad with gyro meat. I had asked for no onions but was told the salad is pre-mixed. There were onions but not the end of the world. The lettuce was fresh & crisp. No complaints, just not noteworthy.
4	We have frequented this place since moving to Surprise two years ago, The waitstaff has become like friends and within three visits knew our "usual" order; including the Philly cheesesteak, just meat and cheese, with a side of buffalo sauce, that my teen lives on. As many times as we have eaten there, we have had few things to complain about. Always, our happiness with our food is paramount and they are quick to ensure the experience is pleasant and positive.
1	I've eaten here twice and it won't be happening again. The food was not good, in my opinion. I usually get the chicken pita at these joints. Here the chicken was tough and tasteless. Oh, and over priced.My friend got a Greek salad in a pita and, after inspecting the contents, found that there was lettuce and very little else. We brought this up to the server who said with a shrug, "That's just how they're made."Pretty good way to lose two customers.
3	I have been to this restaurant a couple of times since they opened.  Each time I request to have my pita bread toasted so that it will be hot , instead of having a cold gyro sandwich.  I feel the staff doesn't care about the customers.
4	My husband and I have now eaten here twice and it's become a new favorite. The service is fast but friendly and attentive. The owner made a point of coming to talk to us and thank us for being repeat customers.We've eaten breakfast and lunch here and found both meals to be satisfying and reasonably priced. I enjoyed the Florentine omelet, especially the fresh spinach and generous use of feta. The addition of peppers and onions to the hash browns is a nice touch. For lunch, I had the spanakopita and Greek salad. I would have been happy to get the large slice of spinach pie with just the salad on the side but the salad was so generous it came on a plate of its own. My husband had the pork souvlaki with a side salad which was also tasty. We shared the baklava for dessert and it was delicious.The restaurant is clean and cheerful. The Greek music in the background is fun but low enough that it's easy to carry on a conversation. YaYa would approve.
5	I found this place by accident and I could not be happier. I have had Gyros, appetizers, soups, salads, fries and several dinners. Never had a disappointment ALL were delicious. The staff is courteous and friendly and the food quick and hot.  GREAT place, give it a try.
3	Pretty good gyros and fries! I'm glad this place has a drive thru. I use to have to wait forever when I went thru the drive thru, but it has gotten much better. Prices are reasonable and the Greek salads are always fresh.
4	if you enjoy a Greek environment, good food, and of course a quiet atmosphere this restaurant might be the best place to eat for you. Gyros here are really good made, also they offer you a big salad, and a big menu full of options. I went  to take the lunch with my boyfriend and I can say he enjoyed the food as much as I did. The restaurant environment is charming Greek looking, they play from Greek pop music to folkloric. Is family friendly,quiet, and very clean.
4	I'm surprised I havent updated my reviews on this place until now. I've been a guest at My Greek Corner many times since my previous review and have yet to have a bad meal. The portions are generous, the service is friendly and nice. They even do restaurant night fundraisers for the schools which was a pleasant surprise! They have adjusted the consistency of the hummus since my last visit and it's much thicker and creamier than it was in my initial visit. Plus the side salad is a lot more proportionate. They've come a long way in the 2 years since my first review. If you haven't been to MGC or haven't been back in a while, give it another try. I think you'll be pleasantly pleased with what you find there!
1	I reviewed this place before but they must have taken it down as my review might have been a bit "too real".  First off, check out my other reviews... As a former small business owner of a restaurant and bar, (4 star Yelp review, 3 1/2 star yelp review respectively) I would never bash somebody's business as it is their lifeblood, how they pay themselves and how they take care of their families.  That being said, maybe I caught this place on the worst night ever.  The Owner/Manager seemed cocky and very concerned with what I thought of his vehicle.  Very nice car for the guy who operates the best Greek eatery. (Best Greek on the Corner of Bell and Grand, that is.)The guy who took my order seemed like he was also way too cool for school.  After asking a couple menu questions and getting some cocky and arrogant answers, I placed my order and the wait was on.  20 minutes later, I was in the car with my to go Greek. I got home ,checked everything out and dug in.  That's when tragedy struck.  Besides the generous portion of Chicken I got, the food was bland.  The Spanakopita was dry.  The rice, which they somehow decided to trademark the name of, is awful and has peas in it. Didn't try the Gyros as that is not real Greek food.  If it was My Gyro Corner Restaurant, things might be different.  I go to Greek places for Greek and I go to Gyro places for Gyros.  All of this has me saying "Eek! Methinks not."
5	Gyro to die for and an authentic Greek menu. Everything I have had (25 plus visits) is always tasty, hot and memorable. Not a white tablecloth restaurant, but clean and inviting just the same.The staff is quite friendly and always willing to explain the menu items for us novices. If you are in the mood for some Greek food made by those who know how, this is the place to go.
2	* now out of business *A few hits and too many misses...won't be ordering from them again. Soggy stuffed grapes leaves, cucumbers wilted, yuck. Initially I liked this place.
5	GREEK LEMON SOUP.  It is what is supposed to be, delicate, soft and gentle comfort food.  5 alarm chili it is not.  Lemon soup it is.
4	Sadly, My Greek Corner has closed.My wife and I have eaten here several times since we moved into the area.  It's really the only Greek restaurant in the area and is worth the visit.  Each time we come we are please with the staff who remembers us and makes us feel at home.  This last visit was no different we were there for lunch and enjoyed the experience.  I had a chicken pita lunch special with a Greek salad. The portions were ample and the chicken was great.  The sauce was flavorful and the pita was also good.  I have to say my favorite was the Greek Salad.  Loved the greens, olives and dressing.  We were both very happy with our meals as we have been each time we visit.  This is fine Greek food in low key environment in Surprise.
4	I really like this place.  The food has always been good, i've tried about 8 different things and never disappointed.  The quantity of food is VERY generous and i am always stuffed.  The prices are decent, not cheap, but not more than a large combo at McDonalds and it's way better.  I've never been inside since they have a drive through and i'd rather eat at home watching TV.  the drive thru is slow, but i'm sure going in isn't any faster.  The staff has always been helpful, answering my stupid questions of "what is a blah?"!
3	And that's not a bad-3 star! Very clean, very friendly Greek place and the food is good.  Not as good as some on the west side.  Maybe #3 in my book....but good.  And their Taramatsolata (sp?) is very flavorful.We do go back when we're in the area.  There are a hell of a lot of restaurants around here that are not nearly as good.
5	Stopped in on 1/22 for a Gyro and it was delicious.  Take out service was fast and friendly.  I want to go back and try the Pistachio.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  Prices very reasonable as well.
5	Awesome gyros! Awesome staff and very clean! As a chef i approve
5	Awesome thats all i have to say! Plan awesome! Surprise's best lil secret!
5	I am dismayed!  I tried calling in an order to find the phone disconnected today..Drove over to find a small sign saying  "Sorry we are closed for renovations"I hope this true.They are a fabulous Greek restaurant!!
5	Was a very good place to eat with reasonable prices.However it is now closed and out-of-business.  Went there on Friday June 28th.Not too sure if they are closed for renovations or for good as all of the outdoors signs are gone.
1	Disappointed to report they're now closed, no longer open. Too bad, we liked it.
1	OUT OF BUSINESS.  Went by there to eat today and its closed. What a shame. They had wonderful food at a decent price.
5	Unfortunately, they closed.
4	Bummer this place closed, it was decent greek food at a good price.The burger, fries,feta were pretty good. Liked to visit when in az.
4	Sadly My Greek Corner has CLOSED.  Hope another Greek restaurant does open in Surprise area soon.  Now an Einsteins.  Well a good bagel is ok I guess
