4	This location of FastMed Urgent Care is brand new and one of the best urgent care experiences I have ever had. I had to go in this past Sunday for a recent injury and I had a very good experience from start to finish. I went in around 10:30 am Sunday morning. There was no one in the waiting room which was nice because I was hoping I would quickly be seen. I filled out the general paper work and that all went very quickly.I was called back within ten minutes of filling out the paperwork. I was taken into a room and gave a brief description of my injury to the nurse. The doctor, Kelly Connor was wonderful. She had great bedside manner and she was very funny and delightful. I wish I could have her as my primary care doctor. They have a real gem of doc with her which I feel is hard to find these days. I was in and out within maybe 40 minutes which I feel is really good for a urgent care. If this location becomes busier which I am sure that it will, I can't say how long the wait might be but for me this was a great experience. I would return here for sure if I have any future urgent care needs as well as recommending my friends here.
5	A week after my visit, a nurse from FastMed called me just to check to see how I was doing! If that is not great customer service I don't know what is! Wow I am impressed! Many other doctor's office's, urgent care's, dentist's and any other service industry should take note. This is what you should be doing!If you are in need of an urgent care and live in the Chandler or Gilbert area this location is worth the drive. Great customer service. Bravo FastMed!
5	Excellent service! Kind, friendly, compassionate employees, techs and docs. Large waiting room with free wifi. X-rays done on site. VERY CLEAN! Wish they were 24hrs... I was able to get my daughter in and out quickly and made it to work on time!
4	Had to bring my daughter in on a Friday evening after she injured herself at volleyball practice. (My Dr office was already closed for the weekend) And we had a follow up visit on Monday.  I was very pleased with the entire staff I dealt with on both occasions. Our follow up appointment for Monday was scheduled at 11am. Come 1155 we still hasn't seen the Dr. (I guess that is to be expected at a walk in urgent care.) We ended up leaving since i had to get back to work but told them we'd be back after i got off. They got us right in and even gave my daughter a gift card to Cold Stone for the wait earlier(thought that was a nice touch) all in all I would definitely recommend coming here.
3	Although I made an appointment online, "fast" is only in the name. Friendly service, but still have to wait. Regardless of my punctuality, they scheduled two other appointments at the same time. This had happened before here. Good doctors, thorough, but timely. Last time my child was sick, so our was frustrating. This time it is a routine sports physical and the front desk clerk, while friendly, is not quick. Nor is the wait. Disappointed.
