5	I thought this place was the best...until i moved to San Francisco & visited the jeweled paradise of Amoeba Records. Still, by suburban standards, it rocks! Zia stores have maybe a quarter of the selection of Amoeba (plus, twice as much of a country selection)....but you only need a few handfuls of quarters for purchases here. Those low-down dirty desert prices are everyone's style!http://ziarecords.com/Home
5	Zia Record Exchange is an ideal place to locate those hard-to-find CDs you have had no luck finding in those other chain stores and don't want to pay way too much for online. They feature a prominent selection of indie artists from labels such as SubPop and Kill Rock Stars nestled right next to the latest Britney Christina release. You should have no problem finding a few treasures among the aisles and aisles of CDs, used and new. If DVDs are your thing, they offer a fair selection of the typical Hollywood movies. If concert and music DVDs are more up your alley, then this is the place to shop as they have a massive selection of music videos. Vinyl record versions of albums are also available for you DJs out there.It's not called Zia Record EXCHANGE for nothing. You can trade in your used CDs and DVDs when you get tired of them for store credit or for cash. Unless the discs are in pristine condition though, you'll probably be taking them back home with you. Check out their website if you get a chance. You can download a .PDF version of the in-store newsletter for your perusal, or listen to Podcasts featuring music by new and upcoming artists. You'll be sure to discover something new or find that elusive album you've been searching high and low for when you visit Zia Record Exchange.
5	I was SOOOO happy when Zia Record Exchange moved so close to my home. This old granny even got herself a Zia's Frequent Buyer card [which someday I'll actually figure out what I'm accumulating!]For those newbies to the Valley who don't know what the heck I'm talking about, ZIa's is one of the Valley's institutions of new, used and just plain weird music, movies and games. These days I see that they're also offering other cool and zany stuff.Every time I go out shopping, hubby says, "You don't need any more CD's do you???" to which I reply, "Honey, I ALWAYS need new music."The selection is really fabulous, the prices are low enough not to bust my budget and the vibe is just -- well, how fabulous can the vibe be at 19th Ave. and Indian School? Yet Zia's manages to keep the hip factor alive.And if I ever get tired of my music, not that that's ever gonna happen, they'll buy it back. Such a deal!!!
5	I've been going to this Zia for 15 years. Yes, I know. It used to be on 7th and Indian School.  Growing up in a lower middle class family, Mom's suggestion to us if we wanted to get new music was to trade in old. And we did. I remember doing the math. If I traded in 4 CD's, I could afford to get 3 used CD's. Not a bad return. Since they moved, they got to expand a touch. They now have a METAL section, which is brutal. No more thumbing through Brittney Spears or Kenny Chesney when I'm looking for some heavy shit. Customer service is always top notch. The customer rewards card is cool. You accumulate points just for purchasing. A nice place to get CD's, DVD's, and even VHS.
4	==Things Zia Is Good For==--Window shopping and loitering after Best Buy closes.--Locating that hard to find CD that is so exquisite and rare that they only have 10 copies of it.--7 dollar used CDs that you take home, burn, and take back only to find that they won't buy it back. Dude, why do you think it was so cheap?--Distracting your kids with poster racks and action figure displays so you can browse the porn selection. Hey, I'm not knocking it. They have the classiest pr0n in town. If only they'd set up bead curtains and let you smoke in the store.--CD Coasters (i.e. all those "demos" and compilations they're always giving out).--Finding DVDs and box sets of TV shows you've never heard of.--Buying every album you -never- wanted to own...on vinyl.--Reinforcing frugality by offering you such a mindfuckingly large selection of crap that you spend two hours with your jaw at your knees before finally grabbing the first thing that comes to your eye before the store closes.--Getting stared down by a rent-a-cop (because everyone should experience that at least once in their lifetime).--The same posters, magazines, and overpriced knick knacks you'll find at Spencer's and Hot Topic, just, you know, more expensive because it's "local".--Shirts and CDs that are so obscure that people will just assume you've crafted them yourself.--Blowing all your "food" budget on music so that a hobo can ambush you once you get outside to bug you for your last few bucks while the rental cop watches because he's a dick.--Buying  video games and consoles without being hassled about pre-orders and strategy guides. --Those poster/autograph/plague sets for all those movies/albums you don't actually own but still feel "define" your aesthetic taste. If you own a "Scarface" poster but have never actually seen Scarface in its entirety, congratulations, you are officially part of the problem.==Things Zia Is Not Good For==--Saving your money.
1	Most people will try to tell you that Zia Records is the best record store in the valley. Those people would be correct.Why the low score, then? Because being Crown Prince of the Turd Playground that is Phoenix's record store selection is not exactly a glowing accomplishment. This store does several things wrong.For one, this location in particular pesters the shite out of you. "Are you finding everything alright?", "Are you finding everything alright?" YES! Jesus Christ, I was finding everything alright the first four times you asked me, now be a good little retail monkey and leave me the bloody hell alone so I can shop and eventually give you my money!I'm sure it's this economy business that's to blame, and not necessarily corporate nonsense, but someone needs to take their manager out back and explain that annoying the piss out of your customers may actually be worse than ignoring them. And it's just this store! I went to the T-Bird location and wasn't bothered. Someone casually asked me if there was anything I needed, and I said "No" and was done with it. But at this store, I was literally asked three separate times by the SAME IDIOT if I was finding everything okay!Perhaps it was the annoying tunes they had playing that added to the grating atmosphere. Censored Rap (Not that I'm a fan, but hearing the song go silent every five seconds to omit a blatant swear is fairly tiresome after awhile) 70's Funk and bad Butt Rock seem to be on the menu ad nauseum. Though, in fairness, perhaps it's just the staff during the morning or something. I notice at night it gets a bit better... if you can crawl out from beneath all the employees asking you if you're doing okay long enough to even notice.I've never gathered the courage to stand in the line of leering meth addicts at the Trade Counter to tell you whether they give decent store credit for used stuff, though, so I'll leave it to greater minds to judge that facet of their business model. I will say that their used stuff is in good enough shape... if you don't count the bleeding stickers they put on absolutely everything! You inevitably spend twice the time you would have spent actually listening to your purchase doing nothing but peeling tape and stickers. They're worse than Gamestop, that way. I payed for it, it's mine. Why are you putting your ugly stickers all over my album?Bad neighbourhood, too.I hate to sound so negative without balancing out with some positive, but the experience is fairly fresh in my mind as I just went earlier today. I guess their prices are good, unless you want something newish. In which case, bending over and having plenty of lube handy is the best advice I can offer.Just know what you want. Go in. Get out. And for god's sake, avoid their overzealous employees as if they were landmines.Or just give the constant irritants a pass and go to a different location. Or Bookman's. I know I will.
4	If times are ever desperate enough, I know I can raid our video library and make a little money selling them to Zia. As painful as it would be, I'd even consider selling my Charmed DVD collection, so long as the price is right. Zia is an amazing store where I've spent entirely too much money and grown our video collection substantially. Zia is where I went to get all the Saw movies prior to seeing the most recent instalment in the theater. And Zia is where we've purchased several records/vinyl. I have the Zia card but haven't a clue what it actually does, outside of tracking what I buy and how frequently I wander into the stores. While this location is in our neighborhood, I have to admit the location in Tempe has proven more fruitful in tracking down some really cool CDs. That's where I found a box set of David Sedaris audiobooks.
1	I enjoyed this place in the 90's. But I really don't see why it still exists. Does anyone buy CD's anymore? I can get any DVD/BluRay I want on Ebay. If I wanted tacky trinkets I could go to some place like Spencer's in the mall or Red Hot Robot if I fancied myself "cool." Perhaps its time Zia faded away like the VCR or countless other  pieces of 20th century technology.
5	Zia's is pretty much the equivalent of Newbury Comics, the record store I frequented most back home in Boston.  Now that I've moved out here, it was nice to find something so similar.  re: Chris R.- True, a lot of people are done with CDs due to the changes in the music industry over the years.  But for a lot of people, you can't replace the experience of browsing a huge selection of artists at a place like this.I'll go here and spend an hour or so until i have a stack of like 6 or 7 CDs, then narrow it down to the best 3 or 4 finds to buy that day.  I've gotten a lot of good deals here and always enjoy myself.  Staff is great.
3	Lets just make this short and sweet... I only come to Zia if I cant find what I'm looking for at Stinkweeds or Eastside. It's rare, but sometimes the smaller local shops don't always have what my little ears desire. Today I ventured in after 2 failed attempts searching for a specific CD. Yes, I might be the only person in the universe who still purchases actual CD's rather than Mp3's.. but I like to hold things. And to be held. I also like long walks down the boulevard and chocolate covered strawberries, but that is beside the point. Zia is cool. They have good sales and I actually ended up scoring one today for $5 off one of the selections I chose. Cant beat that. The joint totally reminds me of Newbury Comics in good ol' Boston, not only do they have tons of tunes, but they have sweet schwag like corn dog flavored lip gloss, bacon band-aids, wack ass Asian toys, posters, key chains and clothing. The dudes at this specific location were cool. I didn't really need any assistance with anything, but they made sure I found what I was looking for.. Its certainly not my *favorite* record store in the valley, but its not so bad and they will probably have what you want.
5	I fucking love this place. Its helped me expand my DVD collection tremendously at a cheap price. ZIA is the best place to get the latest art, independent,foreign and new releases on DVD at a great price even if they are used, I have never had a single problem with ANY of the used DVD's I have purchased there. The CD collection is awesome and they usually have hard to find releases that places like Best Buy and Borders dont carry. Some other reviewer said he can get all these things for the same price on Ebay, but who wants to wait for their stuff to come in the mail and spend money on shipping and ending up with scratched material?ZIA is the place to be!
3	Every time I'm near downtown, I always need to stop by at Zia to check out their entire vinyl selection. They have some good CDs selections from the 80s for good prices although some stuff seemed to be full price. It's a hit or miss.Service is available upon asking. So this is shop at your own leisurely pace.
1	"We asked for Mojo Nixon / they said he don't work here / we said if you don't got Mojo Nixon / then your store could use some fixin'" - Dead Milkmen, "Punk Rock Girl"
3	There people know what they are talking about in this place! If they don't have it they know where to get it!! Only creepy part....some of the wierdos that hang out there!! Lol besides them....it's all good.It isn't a top of the line music store but I don't think that is the point!  It is what it is and that is what it is supposed to be.  BUWHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
4	great place to score jazz on vinyl. Best used hiphop cds in town. I like that urban feeling I get when I go to this location, because it's kinda in the hood.But that's how Yelpzilla roles. good place to look for Staff is very friendly and helpful. I don't get why everyone feels that the staff is too cool. Maybe the other reviewers have an inferiority complex. $2.99 cds is hard to beat. Trade credit could be much better. These guys can be pirates at times They could do a better job of pricing the vinyl. ALWAYS check condition.
4	I've been a fan of Zia's for a very long time.  They have a great selection of movies, music, games, and toys.  I usually swing by there once a week or so looking for cool old games and new toys.  The big con: you cannot return defective games or game systems, only exchange.  I recently bought a Sega Master System, and it wouldn't play card games.  When I tried to return it, I could only get store credit.  That wouldn't be a problem if they had another one, but they didn't.  So I could only get store credit.  A big flaw in my eyes.  Otherwise, a great store.
4	Zia's is a good hang out place in Phoenix, Tempe, etc., and has been for years.  You certainly can't get bored there.  They have vinyl, cassettes, VHS,  DVD's, magazines, etc,  You name it, they have it.  Looking at them,  you honestly wouldn't expect to find the staff is surprisingly well informed.  I'm comfortable asking about just about anything domestic or foreign.  You can get some really good buys on a multitude of things, including the really cheap, because everything is used..  It is one of those you need to be ready to do a little looking places but the prices and variety make it worth it.  I never walk out of there without at least something.My friend who is 91 with Alzheimer's loves Zia's.  She says it is the best people watching place in town, much better than Bookman's.  The funkier the better for her and you do see them at Zia's.
5	This is a sweet new location. They moved from the 19th Ave & Indian School to camelback. The really cool thing is it's right next to the light rail.The store is an old CVS store, so it's super bright inside with all the cool signs and a massive vinyl section.   I dont think ive ever seen a larger vinyl area in a local store (unless you're vinyl only)Cool people and super awesome staff. Highly recommend!
2	This place is hit or miss. Usually miss. 12 years ago I could find buttloads of out of print, hard to find gold. The past few years it just went down hill. Seems like "New Times" and "Mtv" run the show now. Just a bunch of main stream crap. Worth checking out on a boring day. Prices are to high, but once in a great while you find that hidden gem.
4	I know it's easy to get music digitally and for free and all that... But I like CDs. The quality is bonafide and the cover art is rad. I love music. I love a bargain. Zia marries these two loves perfectly. I can usually find two or three used CDs that I really want to buy for less than ten bucks each. Got my jams. Got my shopping fix. I'm a happy camper. Gotta go dance! Vacationer is playing!
1	Crabby employees, ridiculous prices and no restroom for customer use. Dumb!
5	I've found good music, and good movies for cheap each time I go into this Zia...  They also have a lot of cool toys!  And the staff has always been really friendly to me.  Thank you Zia!
5	I'm old. Yes, just a look at my T&A and you'd think I was a young and fresh Bunny, but sadly the few wrinkles on my face and grey hairs say other wise. Anyway, I remember the first CD I ever bought was Sheena Easton's first and self titled CD. I was so excited that I played that CD over and over. I still feel the same way when I purchase a CD. More so when I purchase a CD at a record store and at a bargain. I love to browse around and listen to the staff's current faves and the recommended new artists at the music listening stations. I have a huge shelves and shelves of CDs and i still get excited when I add another CD to the collection. Support Indie record stores...and old people like myself that prefer old fashion record stores. Cheers***
4	I frequent most of the PHX area Zia locations pretty often, less often now that I have a child, but still often. This one is pretty much my favorite. Size and location aren't my only reasons, for the most part the staff is fantastic, and knowledgeable, and most importanly for folks who frequent record stores, leave you alone. Buying entertainment is a leisurely activity. I hate when looking at records, and clearly doing fine, to be bugged with offers of assistance, over and over. I get it you work here, you have the ability to help, I'll find you if I need any. For the most part the prices are very reasonable, the LPs are well organized, and set up well for digging. To be honest I haven't dug around a lot in the singles, as it seems to be a bit organized, but that's okay, part of the fun for some. Very well spread out, making great use of the space, clean, well lit, have found many a gems here...
4	Coming from CA was looking for a place similar to Rasputins or Amoeba. This place is pretty close but a little more expensive but still great none the less. Great selection of records and movies, and local music. Hubby likes looking for old school music and real hip hop albums. He found this place a while back and we've been to the one in Tempe which is smaller so this one was great for him to look in! They have great DVD and Blu ray trade value and little knick knacks and snacks too.For trading in you need a AZ for this location but the one in Tempe a CA was ok, not sure why they have different rules here but good to know for next time! They take card, cash and trade in credit frm previous sales. The area is ok too and parking is plentiful. Losing one star for customer service that isn't that great but who needs me when you get lost in browsing for some great finds! :)
3	I've been coming to Zia stores since I was a student in Tucson over a decade ago and have been generally pleased with my experiences there.  They have decent prices on new releases, and I always enjoy browsing and looking for less common CDs that always seem to show up eventually.I don't think I had ever tried to sell anything to them before yesterday.  It's not in my nature to thin my collections by selling CDs and DVDs but I happened to have such an occasion recently.I was pretty surprised to have the experience there that I did last night given that the past was always quite positive.  I had purchased a bundle of all 9 seasons of The X-Files on DVD from Amazon because they had a great deal on them as a package.  I did already own the first 4 seasons, but it was still less expensive than ordering the remaining ones by themselves.  Anyway, I was left with the problem of having some DVD sets that I just didn't need, so I thought the best solution for that was to get a couple bucks for them by selling them at Zia.  I had, after all, seen these exact sets on their shelves for sale recently.  I brought the 4 sets in and was told by a girl at the counter that they only buy used items.  I'm sure I had a confused look on my face but told her I'd gladly take the packaging off of them if they wanted them that way.  She said that I could bring them back tomorrow but that she couldn't buy them then because she had seen that they were new.  That was when another employee chimed in that they wouldn't buy them from me at all (maybe I said something they didn't like) because they weren't used (and maybe she was taking a mental note of my appearance in case I tried to come back).  Their looks were condescending, and they didn't even bother to offer an explanation of why that policy exists.  I had to tuck my tail and leave with the impression that I had somehow done something entirely wrong.  I wound up going to Half Price Books down the road who gladly purchased the DVD sets from me.I probably won't stop coming here altogether because I'm unaware of any kind of comparable independent record stores anywhere around Phoenix.  But I doubt I'll try to take anything to Zia to try to sell it ever again.  I contacted Zia on twitter, but they didn't seem interested in confirming or denying that they wouldn't buy new DVDs.
5	This place is just fun. You walk around the large former pharmacy and there's display signs featuring Dave Chappelle as Rick James and a floor-hamburger eating David Hasselhoff. Really solid selection of vinyl records, genres include rock (biggest), r&b, hip-hop and electronic. There's a retro video games section where you can reminisce about your favorite NES cartridge. The DVD selection is ridiculously deep, especially in the tv section. Lots of cool books, gifts and a place where you can make your own t shirt. They offer a trade in section where they acquire their treasures. Behind the trade area there's a wall display with all sorts of Star wars toys still in the box. The prices were fair. Go there it's an experience.
4	This place has almost everything you could want for entertainment...music, movies, books, games, etc. The prices are fair enough and it's easy to find rare items you cannot find outside of online stores. The staff is friendly, helpful, and trustworthy.
4	It always surprises me how organized the chaos is. Sometimes it can be a little difficult to navigate and find what your looking for. But the employees always know where to find stuff. Super helpful. The store could maybe use a bit of a redesign, but that's part of the charm.
2	Moving from Indian School to this building was a terrible idea. Zia used to have kitschy, rare, interesting inventory. Now, the store is an old CVS building, with terrible ambience. The friendly, indie vibes are all but gone, and the stuff they carry is crap from romance novels to mainstream films. There are still obscure fun items near the checkout, but it's not the same. It's like the girlfriend with a special, unique look...who went and got a tit job and a nose job while she was at it. Now she giggles with a vacant look in her eyes. I go here every once in awhile, but I prefer half.com or amazon instead.
4	oh Zia good thing you are around, this is a amazing place to get use CDs, DVDs and video games that are no longer available in other stores. They also have collectible toys, cups, key chains, books, old records and many many more.. the staff are pretty cool and the place are clean. sometime if you are lucky you can come across a amazing find that is worth more than you paid for... or priceless for some each individual. I don't personally know much people that listen to CDs nowadays but for me they're amazing which this is the place to get them at. kind of hard to leave without buying something..
4	It's hard to be a record store when most of us can just download what we want with a credit card and a few swipes on our smartphone. This is why Zia's newest location brings more cool merch than ever. Used DVDs: Around $4 each, and a very good selection of movies you might have missed 5-10 years ago. Video Games: For classic and current consoles. The selection *is* a bit weak for PS3, however, but you might find great deals on the used selection. Vinyl: Very large aisle. I totally approve. Misc: Customizable T-Shirts pressed in-store!? Oh gosh, I can't wait to come back and use it. Looks awesome!Okay, the music selection isn't that shabby. I can't think of any bands that I wasn't able to find. They even had more obscure indie bands like Winter Gloves. I fully trust they know what they're doing. Of course, expect the usual awkward security experience...bags get handed to you at the door, and some 140-lb kid in an oversized security outfit will glare everyone down.
4	You can get lost in here for hours. Great selections and perfect for trips down memory lane. Be it thru music or movies. Saw people trading their old stuff for credit towards new CDs or records. I enjoyed my visit. Didn't encounter any customer service other then when I checked out. Overall greAt place and dope to visit.
5	Goodness.I come from LA... so I'm very familiar with vinyl record stores, used book stores, large CD stores, gigantic dvd selections, and etc.This store, which I visited on a whim after a trip to a yelped restaurant, did not disappoint. In fact, it surprised me. The selection was extremely competent. For such a jack-of-all trades store, it barely had a jack-of-all trades selection in any department. The most one could really complain about was the manga library, but I hardly think that's what people would come here for.It won't have every single item you're looking for, for sure, but you shouldn't expect something like that from a non-specialty store... but don't be too alarmed if you DO find something you didn't even realize you were looking for.I found every DVD I was curious to see if they had it, but I couldn't find every CD I was looking for. I couldn't find every Video Game I wanted, but I found a lot more I was surprised they would even still hold onto.In-all, this store was a very pleasant surprise for me.And their prices are a steal compared to most places.5 stars. Would frequent if I lived in the area.
2	Completely mind boggling used record pricing. Outdone only by Record Revival for absurdness. Shouldn't used records be priced to sell? There's no way anybody buys totally trashed and boring Verve jazz titles for $10 and more. They have a $40 Wes Montgomery record on the wall... been there forever. They have more Dan Fogelberg, Moody Blues, Krokus, Doobie Bros, etc. records than the entire valley should be allowed in one spot. Anything Beatles, Stones, Zep, etc. related is gonna get priced $20+ regardless of condition. If people are buying this stuff at these prices, I need to open my own record store. 2 stars for really cool staff, and some good random blu/dvd scores, but ugh... the used records... just dismal.
