4	Within the newly opened Wild Horse Pass Casino lies a replica of this Scottsdale favorite.  With a menu that boasts a blend of blazing Bhudda's Delight, Broccoli and Beef, and Beijing Chicken Nachos, this place gets a "B+" rating from this Evil Jungle Princess!   I am still beaming from the bowl of broth bequeathed "Tom Kha Gai" and my lemon basted and battered crispy chicken leaves me breathless! Better bet the least busy time to bask at the bar is early evening...Bye the by, the staff is very observant and attentive.
3	So we've eaten here twice.  Last night was our second time.  Each time I've ordered something different.  Trying to find that  one item on the menu that will become my absolute favorite. Honestly, it's pretty good...its not the best in the west, but it's good and affordable compared to what I've eaten at other casinos here in AZ.Greg is an awesome server and the Manager is a cool guy!  Thanks for taking care of that chic with that wicked hackle evil witch laugh that would frequently erupt throughout the entire restaurant.One major complaint though...Please do not ever, ever, ever run out of SAKE again.  Not everyone will like the pear or plum sake.  You must ensure that you have regular sake on hand especially on a Saturday night.  Me and BF were ready to get lit and we didn't really care too much for the pear sake. We'll be back again as I had my eye on something on the menu.
4	So we have eaten here several times and each time the food and service has been very good. We usually sit at the bar for drinks and food. I love sushi but do yourself a favor and skip it here, very disappointing. The sizzling platter surf and turf is addicting. Sliced fillet Mignon, shrimp, veggies, I crave it! The mister got the Jeweled Beef on the last visit. Fillet Mignon, Asian noodles and veggies wok fried in a chili sauce. Our server warned him on the heat level but he ordered it anyway. If you like spicy food this one if for you. I had one bite and it was way too hot for me but I am a bit of a wimp when it comes to spicy foods....damn you acid reflux!
1	I was trying to wait till I tried this place again, but decided eh, why not just write it now. The restaurant is located inside the Wild Horse Pass. The food is delicious too bad the service SUCKS big time! We had a plethora of appetizers and not one of them let me down. Our party was big so the service sucked at the worst time. They took our orders in order, then when serving the entire meal; each dish was yelled out by the servers deli style and then handed to our guests to place on the table themselves (if we wanted to serve ourselves we would have done a buffet). They did it very rude too. My plate was supposed to be served sizzling, but somehow the waiter forgot to serve it, as it sat on the table next to us for 5 minutes, then served lukewarm. On our way out (to dance) I witnessed the bartender reach into the ice bin with the actual glass she was serving the drink in (isn't this a violation?). I wonder if the service sucks because the menu is so affordable and delicious they are counting on return business? non the less I won't be back.
1	My husband and I decided to try this place because we had won a gift card at our daughter's school's silent auction. We arranged for childcare and went out to the casino on a Sunday night. The ambiance is seriously lacking due to "windows" that open up into the casino allowing sound and smoke to invade like a flock of rabid pigeons at a garden party. We were seated at a tiny table in a corner in front of the aforementioned windows. This definitely was not adding to the desired "date" feel. The menu was that of a posery "Bamboo Club" but lacked much of the club's appeal (and that's not saying much). We are very familiar with Asian food as my husband is Chinese and I was raised in a Chowhouse. The food was definitely not what one would could authentic, but more of a merely adequate take on fusion. We started with the Ahi appetizer. I believe we enjoyed the slaw it was served on more than the fish itself, as it was none too impressive. We decided to share an entree because we wanted to do three courses. For this we chose the seafood hot pot. I thought the sauce was good, but did not warrant the green curry label. I also thought salmon was a strange choice for the fish chunks in the dish. A white fish would have taken on the curry flavor much better. Salmon isn't something I really expect in cooked Asian dishes. When we ordered this dish, the waitress recommended that we not get the fried rice because the dish was "more like a stew". We hadn't even discussed fried rice because we knew what what we were ordering. Maybe this is a suggestion that should be reserved for people who ask for fried rice to avoid sounding condescending. The desserts were decidedly not Asian, despite making a dessert spring roll. We tried the creme brulee because I'm a sucker for it. A little bit grainy IMO but it had a good flavor. When it came time to settle the bill, all love was lost. They do not take Ling and Louie's gift cards! This was the sole reason we tried this place. The manager was sent over and dealt with us in a very patronizing (emphasis on very) tone about how he just couldn't do anything about it. When the waitress (Brittani?) returned she inquired what he had done to help and we told her nothing ,and that we were pretty angry. She then left for awhile and came back, telling us that she had asked him (the manager) to take off the entree and my hot tea. He did this, but only after she told him that we had considered leaving our gift card and splitting. Seriously, I have never considered a dine and dash until this jerk spoke to me like I was a four year old who had eaten too many cookies. Thanks Brittani, you're doing what it takes to make customers happy. Your manager, however, will rip the proverbial mask from the lackluster ambiance and flavors and expose this place for what it really is, a casino food stand. Think I'll go to Panda Express next time.
3	Cowafee Tawk -- Restaurants in Casinos - Yes? -- No?  Unless, you're in Vegas, you shouldn't expect much from restaurants in Casinos around the valley.  They are what they are and L & L is fake Chinese food.  Surprised!?  Well let's just say the food is okay compared to my cooking (I don't cook).  They're tad bit better I guess I can say.  I got some sliders "Asian Fusion?"  and it was edible -- I like my fries :)  The service is actually very good.  My water glass was always full -- almost too full at times.  Thankfully I didn't spill.  The ambience of the place is tad bit rowdy and too bright for my taste.  I'd appreciate less lighting, and it's not to say I like to eat in the dark :)  - Enjoy!
3	My friends and I decided to eat here this past Saturday around 9pm, just to kill some time before we went upstairs to Airia Nightclub.  We were a group of five and since there was an hour wait for a table, we opted to sit at the bar.  Food:I didn't have time to peruse the menu since I was too busy chatting, so I chose the first thing that caught my eye - the New Wave Pad Thai ($13.99).  The other gals ordered the Korean Sizzling Salmon ($14.99), Thai Mussel Bowl ($11.99), Spicy Ahi Tuna Tempura Roll ($9.99), and the same Pad Thai dish. I was pleasantly surprised by the generous portion of my New Wave Pad Thai; it was enough to feed at least two as a full meal.  There were plenty of chicken breast chunks and shrimp.  The sauce was a bit on the tart side, and although not a groundbreaking dish, I enjoyed the flavor. (See pics.)The portions for the Spicy Ahi Tuna Tempura Roll and Thai Mussel Bowl were also generous.  I tried a piece of the sushi roll and was not impressed; the "tempura" was too crunchy, probably a result of being over-fried.  Drinks:Four of us tried the Forbidden Dragon (looks like a Mojito / $7.99) and the other tried the Frozen Thai Mai (not Mai Thai, mind you / $7.99).  The Forbidden Dragon consisted of pineapple rum, mint, lime juice, pineapple juice, and was served with a floater (shot) of absinthe.  My drink wasn't strong enough for my taste, but still, I liked the flavor - had a hint of licorice (from the absinthe). Pros:- quick and attentive service by bar staff- generous food portions at reasonable prices- interesting menu with lots of choices- located downstairs from Airia Nightclub Cons:- lack of ambiance (too bright and smoke/noise from the casino floor filtered in through the open spaces where windows should have been)- not enough alcohol in the specialty drinks
5	Don't let the fact that this restaurant is located in a casino deter you!! There is nothing cheesy or "restaurant casino" about it! I'm talking primarily about the food. Service is good. Restaurant setting, nice. Seating, plenty. Blah Blah Blah. Anyway! The menu is very creative for Asian food. I love the pepper steak prepared with friend rice, asparugus and mushrooms. We ordered the sampler appetizer with the traditional pot stickers, crab wontons and coconut shrimp. It was delish! The menu is fun and extensive. F'in loaded sliders, the F stands for filet mignon. They have lunch portions which helps since the food is a little pricey. But I am a firm believer in you pay for what you get! This is definitely one of my favorite Chinese places ever!
4	This restaurant kicked butt for our group of 12 when we came in for dinner on a Saturday night. Our reservation was for 7p and they were ready for us with a big table toward the back (I definitely recommend sitting as far from the front as possible - the open "windows" to the casino mean you see and hear all the casino noise and smell the cigarettes.)I think Asian fusion is overrated to begin with, so I didn't find this place any better or worse than a PF Chang's or Bamboo Club, food-wise. The prices were on par with both those chains, and their offerings similar as well. I wasn't starving so shared the Ahi lettuce wraps and fried wontons (with real crab) with a friend. The wontons were excellent, not too greasy with a good balance of cheese and crab inside and wonderful sauce drizzled outside. The Ahi wraps were nothing special, in fact I found the filling to be nearly flavorless. Everyone else at the table was incredibly happy with their entrees - that included the meatloaf sliders, evil jungle princess (yes, she totally ordered it just for the name), and the sizzling salmon and asparagus to name a few. Aesthetically speaking, the sizzling salmon looked absolutely incredible and the perfect serving size.  Serving our large party went off without a hitch, and that is worth three stars alone. There wasn't a single order missed, late, lukewarm or wrong. Though we did have a mysterious order of chicken lettuce wraps show up randomly. I never had to crane my neck to flag someone down for another drink (again, really hard to pull off with a large party), and from the hostess to the server to the manager (who came by to help out and drop off a few items) were cool and genuine. And big points for asking us up front if we all wanted separate checks to avoid awkwardness/confusion at the end of the meal. They get that fourth star for the really impressive service. Great job Ling and Louie's!
4	Went for lunch. Food and service was top notch! All the ingredients were fresh. Atmosphere was pretty good considering it was at a Casino. I was raised in Vegas so no surprises for me in that department! The combinations of flavors in the various dishes ordered left me feeling like I had traveled to another country in my mouth! The chef staff really know their spices! The menu is friendly and offers a wide variety for different tastes including sushi! The prices are reasonable and you get a good amount of food for your money. Good bye PF Changs....This is much better food!http://spoonfulpersuasion.blogspot.com/
4	We came here with a large group. 14 people. We had a reservation at 8:30 and we were sat pretty close to that. The waitress was perfect and even split the bill without asking. The food was good. We got crab puffs they were AMAZING.  I got teriyaki  chicken. It was good.  The pear saki sucked though! :( Everyone loved their food and they didn't mind our rowdy group of 14 girls who had been drinking the last 8 hours. I would recommend this place for dinner.
4	I want to be clear that I am picky about places with Asian influence as it is one of my absolute favourite kinds of foods. Long and Louie's takes the California fusion bistro concept way past the more famous rival PF Chang's! I want to say that I might be being stingy and unfair by not giving full marks but they probably deserve it. My two visits have both been satisfying.I have to stress that I am very picky when it comes to Asianesque cuisine a it is my favourite food.  Ling and Louie put creative thought into the fusion bistro cafe concept and they indeed seem to "approach love and cooking with reckless abandon"!  I am a fan. I am probably not being fair to them by being a bit stingy with the fifth star, but... I am sure a few more visits and drunken chickens later and I can be swayed to loosen my clench. I am a fan of their crab wonton. This classic is done tastefully and not just laden with cream cheese. You can actually identify the crab meat in them! And the sauces sweet with gingery tones. Yum. I went a ahead and also tries their signature rice dish...Uncle something... I don't remember Uncle's name but I'm crying for mercy with the blessing of this light and simply delicious offering . I'm glad they don't spoil this one by trying too many things with it: just good quality ingredients. I had a chicken and shrimp combo.
4	Tried the long life chicken/rice soup & beef and broccoli  tonight.. They were delish!  Will definitely be visiting again soon.. Probably even just for a quick bowl of soup.  Yes, it is THAT good!
4	Somewhat like PF Chang's but at this location you can gamble! The food is no gamble however, it features tasteful  well-prepared Asian fusion.I shared 3 of their starters with my wife (spring rolls,pot stickers and Mongolian flatbread ) and enjoyed them all. Also,the serving size made this a fully satisfying lunch.
4	I love Ling & Louie's.  Their food is SO good.  Hubby and I eat here A LOT.  I've tried a few different things but always come back to the Sizzling Chicken & Shrimp skillet.  Oh so tasty.  The fried rice is REALLY tasty, but I've been trying to eat healthier and have been getting the brown rice which is always fluffy and good.  We've always eaten at the bar and have had great service.  The only reason I knocked it down a star is because it's a little pricey.  But still worth it...
4	Ling & Louie's is a favorite place for me when at Wild Horse Pass doing some gambling.  I have had the ahi tuna, the firecracker shrimp and the orange chicken and all were delicious.  The service can be a bit slow at times, but always friendly and the food is always hot and fresh.  The fried rice (it's an upgrade...go for it...double down!) is worth it.  Soooo yummy.  And the food always tastes better if you can get it comped from your casino host.  :-)
4	First day in Arizona.. 1 hr after checking in our hotel at Wild Horse Pass hotel and casino.. we decided to try out this asian spot. it was pretty good.. but not as good as the asian spots in Cali where most asians lived. the food was a bit too salty. the lemonade drink thing i got was too bitter. wished it was a bit sweeter. my bestie and i ordered the Pad Thai and Filet mignon dish.. both were a bit salty. the Pad thai was drowning in msg and sauce. it was a bit too much for me =/Service was great tho!!! the asian man who was our waiter was very attentive and hooked us up. next time i wanna try their Sliders. the burgers looked HUGE O_O
4	Ate here this past Friday and the food was delicious! Something that really stood out for me was the F'n Loaded Sliders. Filet Minion mixed with blue cheese and a bottom less basket of garlic fries! It was so good and the prices are not what you'd expect for such a delicious meal. Your getting P.F Chang's but without the hit to your wallet and in my opinion way better food. We can't wait to go back!
4	Filet mignon sliders- delish! Service is up and down. But the sliders never disappoint:)
4	Walking by the restaurant, we peeked at the menu and the unique items on there caught our interest, so we popped in for a bite.  There's a lot of interesting combinations of Asian, Mexican, American, Italian style food on the menu.  After a few minutes, we decided to order:Edamame, $4.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tAEKCC7h9h9A79SfYx0Prg?select=dQv6EXMRrGXzekKHPrWCBQ#dQv6EXMRrGXzekKHPrWCBQPotstickers, $7.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tAEKCC7h9h9A79SfYx0Prg?select=IujYeFio8lXyFxtXlS7aZQ#IujYeFio8lXyFxtXlS7aZQFirecracker Chicken with Broccoli, $11.99 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tAEKCC7h9h9A79SfYx0Prg?select=TNdXgXqP1vHHewqCcS5CDQ#TNdXgXqP1vHHewqCcS5CDQMeatloaf Sliders, $11.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tAEKCC7h9h9A79SfYx0Prg?select=Nnk3lac4Z-WL2PadKfHXlQ#Nnk3lac4Z-WL2PadKfHXlQGarlic Parmesan Fries (Came with the Sliders)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tAEKCC7h9h9A79SfYx0Prg?select=5L5xBaNpKxIVuF7iv3g4rw#5L5xBaNpKxIVuF7iv3g4rwThe food came out pretty fast.  The Edamame was very good, The Potstickers were delish.  The Meatloaf Sliders was the one that I was most interested in, but it came up short.  The Meatloaf was a little bland, lacked a full flavor that I was expecting.  The Garlic Parmesan Fries were very good and full of flavor.  The best item though was the Firecracker Chicken w/Broccoli....nice Spicy flavor and the Sauce that the Chicken was cooked in complimented the dish well.Overall, it was a decent experience.  There are many more items on the menu I'd like to try.Return Factor - 87%
5	I have been to Ling and louie's numerous times over the past few months.  I think their food is way better than PF Changs.  however, their customer service is why I continue to come back.  Dave Manahl, the manager, is absolutely great.  Not only did he fix my friend's order immediately after it came out too spicy, but he also gave us a discount for the inconvenience.   That shows this place actually cares about the value of customer retention.  Thanks Dave.  Great Food, Great Atmosphere, and reasonable prices.
3	Working in Phoenix I decided to stay at the Wild Horse Pass hotel and Casino. Which I do not recommend. Before I went to my room dinner was needed. I walked around the casino and decided on Ling and Louie's. the resturaunt is very nice. I sat at the bar and ordered a rickshaw margarita. It had a refreshing mojito/ margarita taste. On the waitperson recommendation, I ordered the sizzling blacked pork and chicken platter. It came sizzling and definitely on a fajita style platter. (Applebee's style) the Vegetables were fresh and the rice was good. The platter was.... Just average. If the most memorable item was the broccoli then it missed the mark. They did have a nice selection of beverages on tap. That made the meal memorable.
4	Went for lunch while visiting Phoenix and fell in love with the Wango Mango chicken. I just moved to AZ and can't wait to go back and try the other unique dishes.
1	Food are very salty! I prefer Bamboo Club in Scottsdale. Very bad experience, poor customer service. Staffs are not professional. I wouldn't recommended it.
3	Hubby and I stopped in for lunch. It was just free they opened so it wasn't very busy. We started with the lettuce wraps a my hubby is a big fan of them at PF Changs. They were pretty good but a little salty for me. The honey walnut chicken was good. The sauce was different but I really liked it. The fried rice was ok but nothing special. Overall we had a good experience but the service was pretty slow so I would hate to see what it's like when they are busy. This was our first visit to the casino so I would give the other restaurants a try before returning.
5	Calamari is amazing!
2	I really wanted to like this place. I craved Chinese food tonight (and let's face it, I'm a sucker for crappy Chinese food), I was hoping this place would hit the spot.The decor was decent, had a good look. The overall theme was cohesive.It's the food that missed the mark for me. I had the Crab Wontons for appetizer. They were.... eh. I couldn't tell if they were cold in the middle or if they were just in so much cold sauce that it sapped the heat from the fried goodness. The consistency was off too, I found the filling to ooze out all over the place, which was a little awkward considering I wasn't given an appetizer plate.For the main course I had the signature dish, the Evil Jungle Princess Chicken with the fried rice. It was a disaster. I had expected a chicken dish with a side of fried rice. It all came in one bowl, like a trough of food. I couldn't really make any distiction between the fried rice and the underwhelming chicken dish. There was nothing  memorable about this dish, just a steaming pile of disappointment.I will not return here by choice.
5	You can substitute tofu for most of the dishes! Also if you're not a fan of rice as a side they do excellent wokked veggies. My hubby always gets the sizzling seafood platter and loves it.
4	The service was top-notch, which is half the battle.  For a sit-down restaurant inside a casino, my expectations were limited.  I was pleasantly surprised to have had a good experience.  The appetizers were tasty and nice size portions.  The main dishes were  presented well and were also flavorful.  One thing I noticed was that they did not try to substitute spice for flavor.  The dishes were tangy without killing the flavors of the food.We will return.
5	My husband and I eat here whenever we can. We like the lettuce wraps, fried wontons and the mongolian flatbread. Great appetizers. We've tried the prime rib sliders and fries too. Real yummy! All the servers we've had have been great. " "Candy" is the first server we had there and is excellent. Ask for her! She's very friendly and attentive. I would recommend going there during the week or around 4 in the afternoon on the weekend. There is a long wait during the dinner hours on weekends. Great food and service! We enjoy gambling there and have won some $$$. Not a bad time out at all!
5	Best Chinese food in the city..not a close second..
5	Best Chinese food I've had yet... The calamari was incredible as well as my "surf &turf" main course. I will definitely be coming back for more.. The service at the bar was a bit lacking, but once seated, our waitress was great! My wife had the Lo mein and was very happy with it as well.
3	Here lies the remains of my Ling & Louie's review, may it rest in peace.A once colorful and insightful diatribe, (at least in my opinion) is now rotting somewhere in the depths of a dark and dingy Yelp dungeon. (see below)I'll give it another try. Here goes.Ling and Louie's is a nice retreat from all the madness one might expect from an Indian Casino and its trailer-trash, octogenarian patrons. Their Evil Jungle Princess is 8.95 and average, nothing to get excited about.I took sanctuary in Ling & Louie's after I caught drift of what the Summer's Eve challenged old lady on the slot machine next to mine was cooking, my nose hairs singed beyond recognition.As I said, safe haven for under ten bucks is a deal, even if the food is average.Hi Diego,We wanted to let you know that we've removed your review of Ling and Louie's Asian Bar and Grill, Wild Horse Pass. Our Support team has determined that it falls outside our Content Guidelines (http://www.yelp.com/guidelines) because it contains inappropriate content.
2	Had dinner there tonight... Not impressed. With anything, really. Flatbread was greasy, princess chicken wasn't tasty or spicy as advertised. Spring rolls came with old cilantro- dried out, discolored leaves. I'm being generous with 2 stars.
2	This visit was my first to 'LL's can't say I want to return anytime soon.  The service was fair and the food was about the same.  This location was situated in the wild horse pass casino and hotel which was my first time visiting.My friends took me and my brother here while my visit back home.  Can't say I enjoyed the restaurant very much and that maybe just because the waitress may have had a bad day or weekend but it also seemed qto be bad attitudes around the entire staff...  I have personally always liked eating at casino's, I know super strange but this visit was not ideal and not bad just no fire unfortunately for LL's.I ordered the evil jungle princess beef, when I noticed it on the menu I just couldn't resist.  I also order some soup which was nothing to rave about.  When my meal arrived the presentation for a $16 dollar plate was very poor.  I have payed for meals under $10 and gotten $30 presentations before but this was bad.  First bite was interesting and towards the middle to the end I just had enough.  I was hoping for more of what was described in the menu detail but the cook failed to sell me on it.In the end LL's received stars based on performance and taste and I may be slightly more harsh on upper scale places but that's for a reason $.  My return to 'LL's may possibly happen again some day but not soon.
3	Service was great. Server not that knowledgable about drinks but apparently not his fault, they don't allow staff to try the specials so they cannot recommend - boo. Appetizers not that bad and not that special. The sizzling surf & turf and wasabi mashed potatoes were excellent. Signature margarita not that great.
4	My husband and I went to dinner here over the weekend. We've only gone to the new Gila River Casino once since they did the overhaul and the first time we visited we just ate in the food court area.   We got there around the dinner rush so it wasn't surprising when we were handed a little pager for when our table was ready. We took the pager and went to walk the casino while we waited. They said our wait would be 20 to 30 minutes but the pager went off at around 15 minutes. We were there on a Saturday night and they seemed to be rather well staffed. Our waitress was nice, friendly and helpful when it came down to questions about the menu and the alcohol selections. My husband ordered the Lo-Mein which he liked once he dug under and got to the noodles that were under all the carrots. I got the surf and turf. The steak was cooked to perfection along with the shrimp and the green beans were steamed perfectly.  All in all my husband and I enjoyed our experience at the restaurant. Next time, we'd like to get there at a time where we could actually be seated on the patio so that we can enjoy our food outside.
4	This food was great! I wish the hotel here was a good of an experience. Happy hour was good, food was good! The only reason I didn't give 5 stars- attention to the tables. Bussing, pre-bussing, refills. Very slow. My friend to to take another friends water because she couldn't get a refill for so long. I'd love to go back!
5	Best food in the state of Arizona.  Next level everything, sizzling skillets are out of this world. Never had an issues with service either. 100% will be back.
2	2.5 stars. I'll round down rather than up as 3 is far too generous. This is not Chinese. It's (only somewhat) Asian-esque.  Essentially the flavors are Asian, sort of, but it ends there. Service is adequate if unpolished. L&lL fits right into the Phoenix area, certainly not known as a city for serious food devotees.  People seem to like this place. The food is decidedly unserious (but not in a good way); horribly sweet, poorly presented, much like "Chinese" food one would find in any food court in middle America.  L&LL wouldn't last two weeks in any city with a clue but as this is Phoenix, well... Not recommended.
2	Food was fair, heavy on the sauce on our dishes and even the kids didn't like their noodles. Service was good, for the quality it was expensive.
1	I'd give this place .5 star if I could.  Waited 45 minutes for a table last night - ok so we killed some time in the casino as we waited. Pan seared potstickers were served cold, told the waiter, waited for a 2nd serving, they were cold too.  Famous rice and chicken soup barely had any chicken in it at all.  Spicy ahi roll should be named NO spicy ahi, tons of rice roll - awful!  Sizzling surf and turf platter was very salty.  All in all very, very disappointing.  I've eaten lunch a the Ling and Louie's in the DFW airport it was 1000x better than thisl  Terrible and we will not go back!  How can you serve cold potstickers twice and not have a manager come by to apologize. Awful food, awful experience. I don't think anyone that works in this location cares about anything - not the food, not the customers, not the dining experience...someone better wake up and fix this place or it will not survive - and maybe that's a good thing.
1	Yuck! Had dinner with a group of four on Saturday.  None of us would eat here again. Any other restaurant in the casino would have been better.
5	Decided to have my Birthday dinner here so happy with my choice.  Saturday night they had an hour wait.  Food was delicious and well worth the wait.  Food had awesome flavor and we can't wait to come back.  Firecracker chicken was yummy and just the right amount of spicy.  My husband got walnut shrimp it was delicious.
5	We were staying at the wild horse pass hotel for a mini staycation and for dinner, we decided to try this restaurant. It was pretty good! We were seated and greeted right away on a Tuesday evening. Our server, candy, gave us some suggestions of which items to try. We started off with a Siamese chicken pork egg roll appetizer, the egg roll was good, with very crispy skin, but by itself it was only okay. If you use the sauce it came with, it was so delicious! I wanted more!For the entree, I chose the Taipei pepper steak with brown rice. To me, it was very tasty and succulent. I ate the whole thing. I would recommend the dish to others and wouldn't mind coming back for the same dishes.
