5	Kevin Mette of K Tow recently helped me tow my Toyota Prius from a mechanic in Phoenix to a mechanic in Mesa. He was recommended to me by a mechanic.  In addition to being extremely honest, reliable, and accommodating to the schedules of all involved, Kevin was also friendly during a stressful time for me, and a real pleasure to work with. He was also extremely reasonable with his pricing. If I ever need a tow again, he would be the first person I would call. I highly recommend him.
5	I can't even begin to express my gratitude to Kevin for picking us up when our car died in the middle of nowhere at lake apache.  he not only came out an hour and a half out of his way, but squished 4 of us in to the front of the cab.  during the long ride back, we ended up stopping at a great Mexican restaurant with him and his wife, and then we dropped the car off and he gave us a ride home.  He was so entertaining and fun, making a really crappy situation much more enjoyable.  Thanks so much Kevin, you're amazing!!!!
5	Kevin and his wife show up one hour after I called, just like he said he would.  We had an hour drive to where my broken down 1990 Cadillac was.  His professionalism gave me the clue to just stand back and watch him and his wife work together.  They knew what they were doing.  But, more time was spent talking on the long ride to and from with the car.  That's when I made up my mind they are good and honest people.  I am putting their business cards in all my vehicles.  Thank you so much!
5	I was told by another tow company to call Kevin at K Tow and I did. It says a lot to me when a competitor is giving out a number to another business. I was glad I got his contact information. On a Saturday afternoon my car was broken I called Kevin and he answered and said he would come tow it and he showed up promptly and towed the car home and put it in the garage for me. I couldn't have asked for better service. Very friendly and super reasonable rates! I will continue to use his service as needed and recommend him to anyone that is in need of a tow, jump, etc. Thank you again!
