1	HORRIBLE experience with these "people."Started out fine when asst. manager Greg took my lens information and help me choose frames.  Nice enough.  I let them know about my need for an accelerated time frame to receive the frames due to a trip.  Was not informed about the possibility of a rush order.  Was treated very rudely by front desk staff when I called to inquire about my glasses a week later.  Was told that there was nothing they could do at all and I was going to need to go on my trip without my glasses.  I left for my trip and, on the 11th day without new glasses called and was informed that the glasses had just arrived.  This was on Wednesday.  Greg agreed to ship the glasses, BUT I wouldn't receive them until early the NEXT WEEK.  That's close to 3 weeks since the date of purchase.I finally had to ask my husband to pick up the glasses and ship them to me, OUT OF POCKET, in order to receive them in time to be able to see for only half my trip, which was an educational journey requiring intensive learning and long vision (which I DO NOT have).  When my husband arrived to pick up the glasses he was treated disrespectfully:He was not greeted and left alone at the desk for 5 minutes, finally having to get there attention as they stood right next to him.  Then, Greg did not answer any of his questions, rather, he smiled at him and told him to "be patient, you need to wait" when he asked a respectful question.  DID NOT receive ANY answers.  My husband finally informed the staff that we would not be patronizing their services again.  Thank GOD I even received the glasses at all.  I haven't even been able to put them on yet, let's hope they are the correct prescription.  What an AWFUL experience and I am not even in town to deal with it.  THANKS FOR NOTHING!!!!!!!!DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!  AMATEUR NIGHT!!
1	If I could leave a zero star review I would. I will say though that if you can see Dr. Christensen, he is great and the only reason I would ever go to this office. Unfortunately he is no longer the regular Dr and is only there on Monday, which I wasn't informed of when I made my appointment. I came in to get a new contact prescription because I'm running low. I saw a Dr Erika, I can't recall her last name. After taking me into the exam room she asked if my eyes were usually this red? I told her no, I was outside all weekend and my allergies were extremely bad. My eyes had been red and dry for a few days. She told me she had allergies too, and that was it, she proceeded through the entire exam. At the end of it she tells me she can't give me a prescription because I have too many allergens in my eyes. I didn't need a medical degree to know that. I was never informed that my allergies could prevent me from getting contacts. If I had been I would've rescheduled my appointment. Instead I was charged $59 for nothing. Furthermore I have been attempting to contact corporate all week and haven't received any response. Don't waste your time with this company
4	The service was excellent. I never felt like we were a burden. We were able to make appointments for the entire family and they were very accommodating. When it comes to getting my glasses, I know what I want, so the selection isn't really a problem for me. The most important factor for me is how I get treated at these places and this one had excellent customer service. I'm a fan.
