5	Went to Casual Water last night with some friends who live in Tega Cay and could not be more pleased. It was a Monday night so the full dinner menu wasn't available, but there were more than enough options on the bar menu to accommodate us. We started with potstickers, the presentation was lovely on a bed of shredded purple and white cabbage served with a yummy Hoisin type dipping sauce. We also had a margherita flatbread pizza that was delicious as well. Next up was the watermelon and arugula salad. Yes, it was as good as it sounds. The watermelon was sweet and juicy and contrasted perfectly with the peppery arugula. Goat cheese crumbles would be great on this salad, I think I'll ask for some next time :)To finish it off was sandwiches and those didn't disappoint either. I had the chicken salad and it was fantastic. It was nice and creamy with big chunks of white meat chicken served with crispy leaf lettuce and juicy tomatoes. Oh! I had pasta salad as a side and it was good too after I picked out the olives, cuz I don't care for them. Our server was Wendy and she was fantastic, she was also bartending, but they weren't super busy and we never wanted for anything. Wine pours were genourous, always a good thing :)The only thing I can think of that they need is maybe a sign outside cuz I'd never been there before and I wasn't sure which building it was. Can't wait to try the newly debuted dinner menu the next time we go!
4	This is a great place to go if you live in Tega Cay. You can probably walk to the restaurant from your home.  We go here often. the sushi Chef, Chuck is amazing.  Everything he makes is super fresh and a work of art.  I suggest any sushi item on the menu. They also make a nice steak there over an open fire.  The only thing I don't like is the dessert. They serve individual moussy desserts off a dessert tree. I would like to see a made to order hot dessert, ice cream, or maybe a peice of cake on the menu.  Other than that it's a great place to go for a very reasonably priced meal.  Also if you are a smoker you they have an outdoor section set aside just for you. I'm not really a smoker, but I would imagine that is very rare these days.
5	Woohoo!! This is one of my favorite restaurants!! Best salmon ever!! The bar is a ton of fun and everyone seems to know each other. The food is awesome, love the sushi!! They have a sushi menu, bar menu, and dinner menu. The dinner menu has a "smaller plate" option on dinner entrees which is very affordable for what you are getting... This place is great for drinks, dinner, large groups, etc... great patio area, live music, karaoke, great drink specials, covered porch with seating options and fans. Can view Charlotte from covered porch... pretty neat!
1	My husband and I dined here this evening and the food was terrible. My husband had the gyro with fries. The sandwich barely had any cucumber sauce, over loaded with lettuce, hardly any tomatoes, and the fries were the frozen crinkle cut. No feta on the sandwich and hardly any cucumbers in the sauce.I had the shrimp eggrolls and shrimp tempura sushi. The egg rolls were mostly cabbage with any overwhelming taste of ginger. My question is where is the shrimp in the shrimp eggroll? The sushi was only 2 cold fried shrimp, seaweed, and rice. (Which can be usual for a $4 roll, not a $6 roll, and the shrimp were not devained.) They could have put some of the cucumber they skimped on in the sauce for the gyro with the sushi just to give it a little something else.We have been here before and it was decent, but they have recently changed some items on the menu and its not good anymore. The only thing they have going for them is the service. We have always had the nicest servers whenever we've been. However, I have never once had a manager come to my table to see how things were going.
5	Awesome place and very very good food
4	Relaxing atmosphere, friendly staff, beautiful location with outdoor seating, great beers on tap, food was yummy, everything cooked just right, overall a great dining experience.
5	Hidden gem to be honest.   When you pull up to the club house. its not marked at all.  Its the middle building in case you are wondering around like I was.   We came in on a Saturday night and went into the bar and sat down.  Great service, stiff drinks and the food was fantastic.  Scallops were awesome.   Im coming back again to sit in the main dining room and try the wood fire food they have... it smelled awesome.   Easy crowd, plenty of space.  Im guessing the outside area is great in the summer for drinks as well.
3	Glad to have found this place! I do, however, think they need to clean it up a bit and update it as well...especially the outside. We witnessed dirty tables, the staff smoking and the fans above are disgusting... It just needs some TLC
2	I'd give the food 4 or 5 stars, but the service --not so much.  We sat down in a crowded bar and expected to wait a bit, but got attention from the bartender right away.  Got our drinks right away too, but ask for a minute to decide what to order.  That was the last time we saw the bartender.  After 20 minutes (10 minutes after the bar emptied out and it wasn't even busy) we finally got  served.   Not the first time with poor service.
4	I have never had a bad meal at this restaurant. The only reason it is not 5 stars is because sometimes the food is slow. I still recommend it because the wait is worth it.
2	NOTE: This is for the 'DROP AND DRINK' outdoor patio bar/food - could not find a place to review it on its own, I have NOT eaten at the inside restaurant 'Casual Water' and do plan to try it.We went on Sunday, 7.20.14.  I was excited to find a place that had jazz outdoor on a deck on a Sunday evening (in the lake Wylie circular).  For several weeks I had prodded my bf for us to go.  Unfortunately, we won't be back.  The jazz was nice (turn it down just a tad for conversation).  The deck is very small and seemed to have a lot of regulars who lived by the club or had been playing golf.  Some quite visibly inebriated; one older gentleman sitting near us was slurring as he spoke to two ladies and then got up and left with car keys in hand.  There was a rather loud party celebrating a 75 yo lady's bday which was no problem but one lady walked around wanting them (and other patrons) to sing ('nah nah nah nah, goodbye'?  we didn't get it) over and over which was very annoying.  Also, lots of smoking on the deck, which is unpleasant for those who don't want to eat with smoke.The service was terrible. We were there for over twenty minutes and had been given menus by a waitress with a sweet southern accent and long dark hair but she never came back. We finally flagged down a blond waitress and asked her to please at least put in a drink and app order for us.  Several of the outdoor tables were dirty and stayed that way for more than an hour, perhaps they were understaffed?  The blond waitress was very sweet and took our order but 10 minutes later came back and asked me what wine it was that I'd asked for.  I was very annoyed as I have worked in a restaurant years ago and you NEVER leave a patron that long without SOMETHING.  When she came back with our drinks I told her we'd been there for over 20 minutes without so much as ice water and she apologized and told us the drinks were on her.  Service was very slow, but friendly.  She finally brought us crab dip and it was decent but nothing to shout over.  We ordered food - I got the Roma Flatbread - I had asked the waitress what her recommendation was between that and the chicken salad croissant and she said the flatbread.  When I got it, it was absolutely SOAKED in the balsamic and pesto? - when she stopped and asked how it was and I said very messy/wet and she said, yes, it's really soggy.  ????Hello??? you recommended it.  Anyway I would never get it again, I was thinking a nice flatbread with basil, tomato and mozzerella and a bit of balsamic drizzle.  It was very spicy and literally swimming.  I had it all over my hands trying to eat it.  My bf's southwester wrap was pretty good.  The pub chips were ok, but Hickory Tavern, a chain, has better.  For $42 (not including tip) it was okay but we'd never go back.  The service was really super slow and disorganized and the food was mediocre at best.  Such a shame, it really could be a sweet little hidden gem.
4	Excellent food that is worth the wait. Emphasis on wait. You will need to flag a waiter down repeatedly when they are busy but extremely good food; best in the area.  I play at this club and eat here every time I am in town. The sushi is the best I have had anywhere down south and they deserve the credit. They could use a better selection of craft beers.
4	Great shrimp and strong drinks. Priced reasonably and tucked away quietly in Tega Cay.
