4	Great service and very pleasant to deal with. Mary was very accommodating with the scheduling and Victor showed up promptly, was very professional, and got our AC running quickly. I'm glad I called them.
5	I was referred to this company by a respected teacher at the HVAC trade school in LV. The man who looked at my Freus was knowledgeable, and quickly diagnosed the problem with my sump pump. When the price for a new pump was too high, he suggested some alternatives I could explore. There was absolutely no "upsell" pressure, which seems to be the practice at many local HVAC firms.  Thanks much!
5	We called Climate Control Experts to do an annual servicing on our HVAC last spring.  We've tried a half dozen companies since moving to Vegas and always felt like they were not that knowledgable or just trying to sell us something we didn't' need.  Not so with Climate Control Experts!  John arrived on time, shortly after the office called to confirm he was on the way.  He was tremendously knowledgable and courteous.  He put the shoe covers on every time he came inside and took them off, every time he went outside.  He was here for an hour, confirming the temperature of the air as it came into each room, that it switched on and off at the designated temperature settings, and of course, the level of coolant, etc.  We were stupefied to see he had removed all of our filters (we have the washable kind) and had taken them outside and was washing them all!  We've never had this level of service.  No more trying a different company each year.  We found a keeper! Thanks, Climate Control Experts!!
5	I had the best experience with this company! I came home from work to find my air conditioning not working & it was very hot in my house. I called and they were extremely helpful, assuring me that someone would be arriving within the hour. A technician arrived and what I loved is the care he took as he wore booties to protect my carpet, a badge to identify himself and he fixed the problem without trying to sell me something that I did not need. I would highly recommend this company! Great service and the process was easy and enjoyable!
5	As a native of Las Vegas all I can say about Climate Control Experts is WOW!  I wish every company in the trades field had their capabilities.....Prompt, professional and did what they said they were going to do at a great price.  Definitely on my short list of contractors that I refer to friends and family, and they always make me look good!!
5	I've never had a trade worker come out to my house for free until I utilized the services of Climate Control Experts. Their technician was knowledgeable and inspected my a/c units and installed a device that was paid for by NV Energy and saves me money. The best part was: it didn't cost my anything. Climate Control has several programs ongoing with NV Energy and rather than charging for their work, they bill NV Energy and pass the savings onto their customers. I cannot say enough positive things about this company. I recommend them to everyone I know. Help spread the word about this fabulous company!
5	When the installer I hired failed to show I had a real problem on my hand's I had two new AC systems and no one to install them.                                                                                                         I didn't want to make the same mistake twice so I decided to check the BBB accredited website and found Climate Control Expert's. I made an appointment and a few days later the owner Chris showed up with his lead tech Alex. They evaluated the job and made certain changes so my new systems would work to their full potential. Two days later their installers Steve and Gabriel showed up on time with booties and drop cloths ready for work.Needless to say I'm very happy with the work, workers and the price.I recommend them highly.
1	BEWARE this is the worst service company I have ever had in my house! Every part of this experience was either a lie or a scam or bate and switch. They offer a service call for $39. Never did they ask how many units do you have and I was VERY specific about what needed to be done, my pilot lights needed to be lit. When they arrived, I was told because I have 2 units, there would be 2 service charges. They told me they couldn't light the pilot lights and the heaters were so old they would have to replace them and when I told them I didn't have the money, they offered credit 2 year no pay credit terms and the guy said he was the owner. Then he said 1 year no pay and I reminded him he said 2 year, and he said yes, 2 year. He did that 3 times, misquoting the terms, and when I corrected him, he said I was correct. Then his company said they don't have any 2 year no pay terms. Wouldn't the owner know that? Then he got flirty to try to get me to commit. That didn't work, then he said he'd take my car as a trade! I didn't fall for that, either. That was end of October, used a space heater all winter. Fast forward to last week. My a/c didn't come on....called a different company. He went in the attic and the door was left off the unit, and both units were completely disconnected! Now they want to deny they did anything wrong and won't refund the money for the service call. So I want everyone to know how they are. The other reviews are probably written by them or friends of theirs. Do NOT trust these people! You will regret it! The owner wouldn't even return my calls. I'm sure he did not want me to recognize his voice and tell his wife/assistant that it was him, since he was so flirty...told me he was divorced and sued for custody of his children and has them full time, trying to endear himself to me...awww boo hoo...
1	I received their flyer in the mail for them to install a WCC relay for our AC Units.  Our cost would be zero dollars because of the $80 rebate from NV Energy. Of course they tried to upsell into a maintenance package as well (which is understandable).The appointment time was almost two weeks later to show up between 12-2 pm.  I finally received a call from dispatch at 4:45 on the appt day  that they need to re-schedule because the technician was sick. The dispatch supervisor (Angela?) wanted to reschedule nine days later. Two questions she could not answer: 1: Why did I not get a call earlier since I had to wait at the house? 2: How can I be sure that you will show up on time for the next appt? No apology was made. In a sarcastic undertone she made it sound like "you are getting this installation for free."  Does that mean that my time isn't valuable? Was the tech really sick or did I get bumped for a "paying customer"?   Based on their lack of customer service, why would you want to use them? I asked my question 3x, "how can I be sure you'll show up on time for the next appt?" and she just replied "this is the time/date I have available". She hung up on me but told me to find another company before she hung up on me.Bottom line, unprofessional staff.  They even tried to argue what time my appointment time was scheduled.  I've been in customer service all my life.  The customer is not always right, but they are still the customer.  Their owner spent a lot of time and money in marketing and it was wasted from dispatch's lack  of service and professionalism.  Was the tech really sick or did I get bumped?  At the end, it doesn't matter since I was not a priority to this company.  There are too many other AC companies out there that will provide professional service.  Climate Control Experts is not one of them.
5	Here we go again. Different unit .Moms ac went out and Climate Control Experts came out the same day got it running, had to order a part but she was able to have the ac working in the mean time.Fast service,professional,great price. Thanks again guys!!!
1	ok first of all the lady who answers the phone for this company is not friendly at all she needs an anger management or somethingand secondly this guy shows up about half hour latefixes the a/c and telling me that he doenst have a receipt to give me and told me that he will send me the receipt thru my email no email whatsoever ever since he left which was like a months agovery unprofessional placenow im writing this review to tell u guys DO NOT WAST UR TIME
5	Not what you would expect from a company like this.  Maybe after living in Las Vegas for over 15 years, I'm skeptical about service-based companies and think they are all out to screw you.  Definitely not the case here!  My tech, Brandon, was right on time, thoroughly explained everything he was doing and was very professional and friendly.  I hope everyone gives them a call, you won't be sorry!
5	Yvonne was very professional when she answered the phone.  She was knowledgeable and even went through options so that I could have my AC serviced.  Yvonne scheduled the appointment and I feel she deserves a raise for her hard work and dedication to the business.  Great job Yvonne.
1	Alex is very unprofessional.  He showed up late to my appointment by 3 hours, no call nothing.  Then when he did come out, he was to call me back about another issue and I'm still waiting for that call.  I've been having a problem with efficiency and this new ac was supposed to save me money but my bill is 30% higher then I started with.  I don't know if something was explained right or what.. I would like results and all I get is " I will have him call you"  I know Yvonne is doing what she can, but this gets frustrating when a grown man can't be held responsible for his actions.  He knows he needs to call me and he never does.
1	first of this company is run by people that are out to get as much money from you as possible. do your own research people the owner of this company was INDICTED WITH 4 FELONYS FOR THEFT AT HIS OLD JOB AT THE UNIVERSIITY MEDICAL CENTER IN VEGAS.  beware of the a supervisor or sales guy that will come out after the technician has been there to look at things. the technician should be able to explain what the problem is and what can be done to fix it, when the sales guy shows up and starts explaining how much money you need to spend there is a problem, I always get 3 estimates before I commit to a repair, these guys were trying to sell me an entire system when all it needed was a compressor. it would have cost me 4k more to go with CCE.
