5	When I walked into this place I immediately felt the energy of Love and acceptance.  As i sat through the service I had to hold back tears.  this is a place of love, acceptance, and spirituality.  it is a place for everyone, no matter your sexual orientation, your religion, your beliefs..  all they teach is Love, its amazing!i am so glad i found this place!  If you are looking for a place for acceptance no matter what, this is definitely the place for you.Ronney
5	Note: The earlier review (from 2007) is when a different church occupied the building. The newer review (from 2011) is when New Vision Center was in the building. Lest anyone get confused making sense of the two previous reviews.As Ronney stated, it is a welcome, inclusive environment based upon universal spiritual ideas. If you're a fundamentalist Christian, you'd think they're Satanists. If you're Catholic Christian, you'd think they're Satanists. In other words, they don't take the Bible (or any sacred text) to be so word-for-word literal. In fact, it's not a Christian-based teaching per se, though it is religious science, which is "New Thought," a spiritual lineage that has its roots in the early 1900's. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, who wrote "Sherlock Holmes," would have loved New Vision. New Vision has classes and discussions about A Course in Miracles, Eckhart Tolle, "The Secret," stuff like that. They have classes and workshops throughout the week. Sometimes, different groups in different classrooms. HOWEVER, and this is a big however worth noting, the congregation is 80-90% baby boomers and seniors with maybe 10-20% Generation X'ers and young adults. That leads to a not-very-exciting music ministry where you'll typically hear the boomer-groovy likes of Joe Cocker, John Lennon, even show tunes...but you're not likely to hear any of the guest artists covering "True Colors" (Cyndi Lauper), "Days" (The Kinks), or "I'll Be Your Mirror" (Velvet Underground.) That makes for a very weird experience at church: hearing your parents - and grandparents - favorite music at church. Not a good way to attract young people to your church.   Good people, loving people, but if you're not a baby boomer or a senior citizen, you'll probably need to go a few times to get to know them. Otherwise, you'll begin to feel out of place real quick.
5	Not sure about the other review (9/2/07), New Vision moved to this location on 12/24/09.   I was looking for a place of spirituality that didn't have judgement or have guilt.This is a very welcoming group with great music and love.    If you are looking for a new spiritual home, try New Vision Center.
