4	Happy about E85 gas!!I have been looking for E85 gas for a while now and got lucky when this place opened up across the street. Also, was happy to find out that the E85 gas is a lot cheaper than regular.While I was there I got my seats shampooed. Happy to say they look better than they did when I bought my car, and got a free Ultimate wash to go with it.Another fun fact, they have an amazing drink selection, everything from coffee, beer, milkshakes, energy drinks, etc. In addition to all your favorite munchies.So far I am very happy with this place and plan on becoming a regular customer.
5	Everyone was super friendly. Went in for a car detail to remove some debris on my hood. The guy tried to offer me a monthly membership but I told him I just wanted it done the one time. He didn't push the situation any further. He quoted that it would take 1hr to 1.5 hours and I said that's fine that I would just wait. The waiting area is also a convenience store which seemed odd at first but was actually convenient. Go figure. They had like 5 TVs and 4 comfy lounge chairs. Free popcorn for car wash customers! It cost me $99 to get buff, wax, and complete car wash inside and out. I had a bunch of dog hair they offered to clean for an additional charge but I declined. It took ab 2 hrs total and my 2009 Hyundai hatchback was sparkling. It seriously looks brand new. And most of the dog hair was gone!! I will def be back. Took a bit longer than expected but they were pretty thorough. Only thing i would suggest is letting customers have control of remote. CNN and espn don't fit ALL of your clientele.
2	I took the 49.99 package for a detail (best package).  Their job was well below average.  Crumbs were still left under my seat and dirt was in a visible spot on my passenger side.  I wouldn't go there again or recommend them.  Alot of other solid car washes that do a better job at the same or decent price I will say that everybody was really nice there
5	In the past I have used Danny's car wash and happened upon this one by accident. I needed a wash badly and the inside of the car was dirty as well.I got the their cheapest wash, ($15.00) and I was impressed! They did a great job vacuuming the vehicle, wiped down the vinyl inside, removed the trash and cleaned the inside windows.I was pleased with the amount of time of they spent on the vehicle when it came out of the wash...a solid 10 minutes. There was no residual water anywhere and they did a great job on all the windows, inside and out. They applied tire-shine and air freshener. I hope all Cobblestone's are like this one!
5	Took my vehicle in today for a full detail - interior, exterior, & engine. I decided to drop off rather than wait, since I expected a time quote of 4 hours. They surprised me with a 2 hour quote. Showed up at quoted time, but car wasn't ready. Since I was dropped off, I had to wait. I waited, & decided to try the free popcorn. I have to say, that when my 8 year old car came out it was worth the wait. They did an excellent job! It looked almost brand new. It was the 1st detail EVER where they cleaned the glove box, the between seat storage, & removed the car seat. After 3 years installed, a bit afraid of the evil under it! It was nice to also have the manager say they were sorry for the wait. :-) I will be back for our other car!
4	This place has been in the midst of being built for at least 2 years. Maybe almost 3 years now. Finally it opened up a few months ago.I have been in here 3 times now.Because, at first people seemed a bit nervous running it. There is an older guy that does not seem like he belongs there. Trying to sell you everything,from gas to a detail of your vehicle. He must be the owner or at least an investor. I just wish he would stop trying so hard.I am giving them a 4 star because, they do try so hard.I tried to tip the guys that were doing all the hard work on the car , drying it by hand and all. But, they just give you the hand and have you give it to the team lead.Which is fine if they are all splitting the tips.( The Workers) that is).Things are just a little too up tight here,so then you feel bad for the workers, like they are all nervous and afraid to do anything.There is a happy medium with workers. You do not have to have the raines so tight.They do a good job, but not a great job.I think that is due to the micro management.But, it is a new business and hopefully they will work it all out.It is not cheap. But, I bought gas which saved a little on the car wash itself as well.I am glad there is another choice in Tempe, because, there was not too many to be honest.
1	Told is it would be an hour wait, it took 2. They blamed it in how busy they were (which is understandable) However the center council was dirtier than when we dropped it off and we spent $50. We will not be back.
3	Was my car clean after I took it here? Yes? Was it as clean as I wanted it to be? Not really.I got the mid-level car wash - it was $19.99. This included wash, wax, vacuum, etc. The people working there were very nice and it didn't take very long.The outside was great and they did a really good job on my windows - I didn't realize how dirty they were. I can see so clearly now which is great.The one place I was disappointed in was the vacuuming. My center console was like half done, several places in my back seat were still dirty and it was like they didn't go into the hatchback at all. Plus my mirrors were all completely out of place when I got back in my car so I had to put them all back.Next time I think I'll just get the cheaper wash and hope they take a few more minutes with the vacuum.
1	Thank you cobblestone for allowing to waste my time and money with your company. I shouldn't have to come home and clean the hard water, bugs, and dirt off of my car. I expect from a full service car wash that I paid 30 dollars for I wouldn't have to do so. From the terrible job you guys did last time to this terrible job, you have secured my decision to never use you again. Maybe if you managers weren't so worried about looking like a badass with their super cool sunglasses and tattoos up their necks we could get something accomplished. Thanks again cobblestone!
4	I have recently moved to Tempe having driven here from the Midwest. Those dang bugs in Texas are huge and nasty.  My car was a hot mess.  I was in terrible need of a wash since the Az sun was baking those suckers right onto my paint job.I saw this car wash when I was getting groceries. Figured that it really didn't matter how good it was, something had to be done.I chose a special for $7.99.  First I want to say back home this is the price of a standard wash....so all these extra services were great.   I was given a wet towel for mu dashboard and a little scent wafer.  He gave the front some extra spray on those bugs and thru the wash I went.  There was no one to towel dry my car but that is ok it dried pretty quick.  There was free vacuum with the wash which I did not use, but nice in case I needed it.Now about those bugs...... this wash cleaned aboit 98 percent.  It looks great.   I figured I would need bug cleaner applied first, bit over all a great job and I will go back!
5	I LOVE this place! Every time I come to get my car washed I'm pleased with the quality of service I receive. Everyone is so nice and welcoming. Enjoy a clean store and clean environment. I've referred alot of friends and family and they all love it! GREAT JOB TEAM COBBLESTONE!!
5	They opened this car wash & fuel station about a year or so ago. They do a great job detailing and washing my car every time. Their lounge area has a TV and their store has a fantastic product mix. The bathrooms are also clean.A solid 5 stars!
4	Found these guys close to my office, great work very satisfied...got the works this go round I'll be back.
2	Some Auto Spa. Staff was friendly, place was clean and convenient for if you had to wait. I came here to get my car detailed. That wasn't really the case. They forgot to clean places like the rear view mirrors, the board behind the back passenger seats, the trunk. I ended up having to clean those myself. I have leather seats and I needed them to be conditioned. They don't seem to be conditioned. They actually look as of they were greased down. The back seats still look oily. They conditioned my dashboard for some reason even though it wasn't leather so at the moment it looks super greasy. At first I thought it would take some time to go away. But it's actually been a week and it still looks bad. I'm very disappointed and will never be here again. Way to impress a first time customer Cobblestone!
4	I'd bought their Groupon promo, which was a great deal! Been here 3 times, and they've always done a decent job for me. 2nd time I was in I'd just got a new car and wanted her perfect. I paid the extra few $ to get the spray on wax. When they dried it, I guess they didn't blow out the side mirrors completely, so after I drove off and got out of my car, there were water streaks all down both sides. Grr. I drove back over and they recognized me from earlier and were nice enough to clean it back up, and blow those mirrors out better.  Of course, you're going to have to go through the whole upsell process when you check-in, which can be annoying. Dude, I just want the wash I told you I wanted. Geesh...lemme go! 3rd time I was in, they tried to sell me on a higher priced wash that came with a rain check, because he said rain was forecast for the next four days. Darn. I should check the weather more often. Turns out he was right and 2 nights later we had all the record setting flooding. But, it also turns out that the Groupon came with a raincheck, so no need to pay extra. ;)The attendants are nice and do fast work. I'm in and out in less than 20. Other car washes I've been to I've been scared to leave anything in my car that's not bolted down. Cobblestone takes away that fear with the higher quality people they obviously go out of their way to hire.
5	This is the best Cobblestone in the valley! The staff is extremely friendly, helpful, and efficient and their washes are superior to the other locations. I have gone to many around the greater phoenix area and I will go out of my way to end up at this one.
5	So a couple weeks ago I got my car washed at the fantastic Cobblestone Spa on Baseline and Kyrene. I got my free bag of popcorn, and went outside. I put my clutch purse (big wallet) on the chair next to me and played on my phone. My name was called, I gave them my membership slip for the free wash, my tip and took off. That Friday night when I went to gas up my wallet wasn't there. I had to call it quits for the night with no license (am taking a photo of it BTW in case I forget it or something) and worried about 'where' all night. In the morning I back tracked and called Cobblestone. Yes, they had a wallet. After my description I was super happy to get it back. Nobody knew who turned it in so I didn't know who to reward and thank.Everyone is always so nice and friendly and I promised I'd send them a pizza. Last Friday, I got the 24" meat lovers pizza from Venezia's Pizza as a big thank you for everyone. These guys are terrific and saved me days if not weeks of work replacing all the things you carry in a wallet. All the $ was there and honesty ranks them top billing. Thanks Cobblestone, you restore my faith in fellow human beings
4	I really liked how clean the car wash was. Great prices and they have happy hour everyday between 7-9am which is really cool. The only reason I gave it 4 star is because they offer free vacuums with a purchase of a car wash n the vacuums suction isn't that great. I have a husky dog so I need a really good vac to get all that hair up. Other than that it was a great experience. My car was spectacularly clean so I will be back.
1	This is the worst car wash, have never seen this type of low quality service. Went to get the Ultimate ($25.99) and it is no way near to a regular wash. These people do not respect your money. Better to avoid this place.
