5	I recently moved into a new house in Central Phoenix that had about 100 feet of 15 foot high dead oleanders. I did a quick Google search and found Ryan's website with a lot of great information on what causes the oleanders to die and his process for removing them. After a quick phone call Ryan came out and gave me an estimate the same day. His prices were very reasonable compared to my landscaper. Ryan did a great job walking me through the process of removing the oleanders and we setup a time to start the demo within the next few weeks. The day of the demo, he showed up on time and completed the job quickly. I was so happy with his work that I'm having him remove a tree, several other bushes and trenching a footing for the new block wall that's replacing the dead oleanders.I'm very happy with the service and price I received and would recommend Ryan to anyone.
5	My nieghbor and I purchased the alley behind our houses.   We needed someone to come out and remove the gravel and level the area for irrigation and so that we can also fence that area in.  We had several different companies come out and give us estimates.  Ryan was the most reasonable estimate.   He was honest and came on the days and times that he said he would be here.  I have recomended Ryan before and will do it again.
5	I found Ryan on Yelp, and what everyone else has said is true! He came out and quoted me a very reasonable price to cut down a tree in my back yard. I mentioned that I wanted to do some other yard work, and he made some suggestions and gave me a quote for that work as well. He cut down the tree the next day and removed all the debris. Since I didn't have time to call blue stake, he cut the stump a little below ground level and covered it up. That will be fine for my situation.The following week, he came back and removed all my front yard grass, treated the ground, and replaced it with rock. He ordered just enough rock, and my front yard looks great. Ryan was very professional and did a great job.
5	I have some good news and some bad news. I recently bought a house... that's the bad news. The good news is that I found Ryan's Removals to clear out some oleander from my yard. We have a small dog who likes to eat things he finds on the ground. Random things. Any things. All things. It turns out that oleander is poisonous and they have little flowers that fall all over the place. It would only be a matter of time before my little terror finds these flowers and eats them... so they had to go.There were 7 of these large shrubs, each averaging about 8-10 feet tall. I started doing work on 2 that were clumped in a separated area from the others... Pruned them down to a manageable size and then starting digging a trench around the trunks. I dug, and then dug some more, cutting roots along the way... about every 6 inches I would give the stump a push to see how it was holding up. I got down to about 18 inches deep and gave the stump a push... that thing was still as solid as a Greek column... I made some space to get a sawzall in to cut at the stump and managed to get a hefty sized chunk out. I carried it to my brush pile and threw it on victoriously. Standing there in the Phoenix summer heat looking at the work I had done, I realized something... I was NOT about to do that 6 more times! I looked on Yelp and talked to some friends to get removal service referrals. After getting a couple estimates, I chose Ryan's Removals. Ryan was priced comparably with the other company, but he came across as being very friendly and down to earth which I liked. The day of the project, Ryan showed up with a Bobcat front end loader and other tools to help remove my pesky oleander. I had a feeling he was going to have better luck than me and my $12 shovel. Throughout the entire process Ryan was constantly being conscientious about not doing any damage to our property, our neighbor's property or any of our other landscaping features. Anytime he thought there may be an issue, he would communicate it to me in order to discuss what solutions I preferred. At the end of the project everything was cleaned nicely and our yard was left looking amazing. My shovel and I are worthy opponents, but even with my handy dandy shovel, I never could have done as good of a job as Ryan and his crew. DIY-ers... sometimes you just need to call a professional. And if you have a removal job of any kind, I couldn't recommend Ryan's Removals more.
5	This past summer Ryan and his crew removed our massive 30+ year old Oleander hedge which had succumbed to the dreaded blight. Ryan quoted a reasonable price for a massive job (300+ linear feet of 15 foot high hedge)  and completed the job on time and as promised. Incredibly, no other vegetation or hardscape was damaged in the process, even though there was limited area to work in. I am very pleased to offer the highest recommendation of Ryan and his crew!
