5	Ariel Navarte: My name is Viviana Tise. I've been here since July 20, 2014 after having a Hip Replacement Surgery. Today is Saturday August 2, 2014 and still recovering at the facility. Since day 1 of being here, Ariel has gone out of his way to make me comfortable here. Ariel made me smile, laugh, and brighton my days. Anything to make my stay here, unstressed, Ariel would attempt doing, without getting in trouble. Yesterday, the Nurse Charlie, got him in trouble. Saying he didn't bath me, turned a/c on so I'm cold and refused to put on non slip socks on. NOT TRUE!!! Ariel took care of me always. Not hurt me. I asked Charlie if she could please put my right sock on because I couldn't. In front of a new trainee, Charlie said, she will have Ariel put my 1 SOCK ON! THAT'S NOT HER JOB. Charlie also blamed Ariel for me crying. Charlie lied!!! Ariel told her I requested my pain RX'S. It took Charlie a good HOUR TO BRING MY RX'S.  JUST BECAUSE SHE'S PREGNANT, SHE CAN'T PUT 1 SOCK ON ME REALLY??? Stay home Charlie if you're to GOOD to help... Ariel should get a raise, for doing his job PLUS MORE...  Thank You Ariel and Everyone I took pictures with. I will also write about you all GREAT EMPLOYEES/NEW FRIENDS. Always, Viviana Tise
1	This place doesn't even deserve a star! They abused my mother let her sit in feces unless myself or my dad would clean her. She pages them takes then a hour to response they are never on time with medication. Now they have released her without her prescription my mother is very ill has a heart condition, kidney failure, High and low blood pressure and severe chronic pain due to her neuropathy. Whoever suggest this place say no unless you don't love your loved one!  I've seen elderly screaming for the nurse and I have helped them. DO NOT TRUST THIS PLACE!! It may look nice and fancy but it's a disgrace and it's disgusting I took lots of pics! BEWARE OF THIS HELL HOUSE!!!!
5	I have been visiting my 80yo friend and neighbor for almost a month now here. Compared to TLC in Henderson,  this place is heaven sent.Most of the staff says hello and express interest in my friend's concerns and needs all the time. I can see that this rehab center helps the resident to progress and they never give up on them. The Staff are very patient, kind, and self motivated in doing their job. Kudos to Mike in P.T., Jackie in nurse aides,  and more.Thank you for having standards that most rehabs dont.
