5	Dr. Sidhu and his staff make visiting the dentist a much more tolerable experience!  They have gone above and beyond for myself, my husband and my two daughters.  Gentle, patient, attentive and they always seem to know who we are when we walk through the door.Dentists are hard to come by in Las Vegas  - Dr. Sidhu is the exception.  I highly recommend them.
4	This is one of the most friendliest offices I've been to. I came here after having some issues w/ the tooth from hell. Literally. I put this pain up there w/ my kidney stone, without the morphine available. I was at my wits end and was alternating between 3 alleve a day and orajel (which made it worse). This ended up being a cracked tooth (pre-molar) which only Dr. Jessy found. I find it hard to believe that in the course of 3 years and 3 different dentists in 3 different states couldnt find this problem and who simply told me to adjust myself to my tooth sensitivity by using sensadyne. I went to another dentist here in LV on Sahara after reading decent reviews about there sister location in N.lv on yelp. well.....thats a nother review but to sum up - he couldnt find it even after looking @ xrays. I walked in to dr. jessy's ofc praying to find out what in the blazes was wrong w/ my tooth that made me want to kill myself and he found it in a short 3-5 view of my tooth - even w/out an xray. He did xray this just to confirm, and indeed my tooth was cracked. I had a root canal and in  the end almost a year later I had to get the entire tooth extracted and implant put in but I was just glad someone was able to help me. This place is definitely a pretty penny, but as they say you get what you pay for. I plan on keeping my teeth forever so its worth it to get rid of my pain and not have to repeat this type of hell ever again.
5	I had a great experience here with the friendly staff, informative Dentist, and state of the art equipment and procedures. I will be back for sure
5	We have been patients for over 7 years. First dentist we ever visited when we moved here, just because he happened to be close to our home and did we ever luck out! Dr. Sidhu is AWESOME! So great with my kids! He was really great with me too and I am a big giant sissy who is very hard to get numb :-) The office staff is super nice, super friendly, and Kara the hygienist is WONDERFUL! My kids love her!
4	Although Dr. Sidhu is moving (sniff) there is another dr staying. I'll try him, as the beautiful office, over the top great staff, will all still be there. Mostly I will he aide Dr Sidhu asked me too. If I gave to have a guy in my mouth I want it to be a handsome, intelligent, gentlemanly guy, and Dr Sidhu was ALL of these. Sigh. We will miss you, good luck. So, New/Old Dr, who's name I can't remember, let's see what you've got. Lol
5	I'm not the best at going to the dentist. Been over 10 years. Friend recommended the office. Went in everyone was friendly from the start. Have a lot of work to be done but feel this is best place to do it.
