5	Wiked 6 is our new favorite date night. Dinner was amazing with excellent service.  After dinner we had cocktails outside where there was a fire pit, rockers, and live music. Such a hidden gem in Foutain Hills.
5	The food here was so good! We had a girls night here for the wine tasting on Wednesday and ate pizza made in the wood oven and a pitching wedge salad (cute and clever name for my favorite kind of salad served on a golf course). We came for the wine, but ended up having a fun night around the fire. The pizza was by far the best that we've had in AZ. (2 of us are from NYC, so we have high standards)  I was happy to find such good food in a causal place. There aren't enough places like this around. Just what I was looking for. Prices are very reasonable. I felt really comfortable here and can imagine spending a lot of time here. I love taking friends to a place they've never been.  When it's this good, it makes it easier on me to plan nights out. home run! Or should i say hole in one ;)
5	The Wicked 6 is an outstanding display of what bar food has evolved into!  With unexpected ingredients and flavor that jumps out from almost every dish it makes for a "must stop" when in the North Scottsdale/Fountain Hills area.  Don't let the location at sunridge canyon golf course fool you this is not your average "golf club" dining spot. With a bit of a rock and roll vibe this is a great place to bring the whole family any night of the week. They offer everything from bonfires, beanbag toss, ping pong, to full indoor and outdoor seating. The atmosphere and ambiance enhance the overall dining experience with breathtaking views of four peaks and lower fountain hills. The Friday night bagpipe player who comes up the 18th green of the golf course is an experience all in itself that is a must see. Great food, great service, great spot!
5	Incredible food, service and of course views. Truly outshines any other restaurant in Fountain Hills, and can hold its own with any of the big boys in the valley.
5	We go to Wicked Six often for both lunch and dinners.  Their service is excellent, the presentation is outstanding, and the food  is terrific!  Go there and you will not be disappointed.
5	Amazing views, great staff, polite & friendly staff, superb customer service, awesome happy hour food & drink menu.  Live music. Fountain Hills' best kept secret, our town's little piece of heaven!!!!!
5	AMAZING!  We had our mother's 80th surprise party at Wicked Six.  Upon trying to decide what to serve Chef Matthew suggested a "journey through the menu". The food was 1st class as was the service and ambiance.  Chef Matthew came out interacted with the guest of honor and the other guests in our party as well.  The Wicked Six is far better than any other restaurant.  The chef is unbelievable! After dinner we sat outside and listened to the live music...here again no disappointment!  The entire evening was above and beyond our expectations thanks to Chef Matthew and the entire staff at Wicked Six!
5	I am always pleasantly surprised by how good the food is here at Wicked Six.  The service can be inconsistent, but the food makes you overlook that. Last night we had the Ah Tuna Poke appetizer,  delicious as always!  The freshness of the tuna is complimented by avacado and an interesting balsamic sauce, then plated with an excellent mixed greens salad, won ton chips and a very tasty Wasabi sauce.For the main course I had the Short Ribs and my wife had the Pizza Margarita.  The short ribs were beyond expectations,  cooked perfectly and served with mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables.   That may sound heavy, but the balance of flavors and textures along with an incredible sauce just pulled it all together and made it impossible to stop.  Resistance was futile, as they say. I wanted to lick the plate.  Seriously. My wife's pizza was very good.  The crust is how it should be coming from a wood fired oven.  Nice crispness on the bottom, with just the right chewiness on the inside.  Again, good combination of flavors,  the cheese did not overwhelm the tomatoes and basil, and the balsamic reduction gave it a nice tangy finish. Dessert was the brownie with ice cream, chocolate sauce and a berry glaze.  This is my favorite kind of dessert,  and Wicked Six does it right, even down to the mint leaf garnish.  The service can be improved,  we got our Poke before our wine made it to the table, and we had to ask for appetizer plates, which also took a while.  The staff seemed to really care however, and we could see that they made an effort to help each other out.  With the beautiful views and incredible food, we were able to overlook these minor shortcomings and enjoy a wonderful evening out.  Wicked Six is worth the drive, no matter where you are in the valley.
3	Three of us had dinner this evening and very much enjoyed the excellent food, fine service, and great ambience.  But, we won't be back until the weather permits patio dining.  The problem is the very poor acoustics which makes table talk very difficult even with the dining room less than half full.  Everything in this large, high-ceiling room is hard scape so that sound carries from conversations at other tables, the bar, the kitchen, and echoes to produce a terribly loud and unpleasant background noise.  We were considering bringing a group of 20-30 for lunch in August, but  there is no way if we can't even talk among us.  Sure hope this gets fixed soon!
4	good for happy hour
5	This place is so awesome, Im writing a review while still at the dinner table. The wedge salad and the prime rib special was to LIVE for. Not to mention, they gave the birthday boy an excellent dessert. Will Definitely come back!
5	Great view and wonderful patio. Service was terrible, waitress did not write anything down, we had a table of 10 of us and she screwed everything up. Would only bring 1 drink at a time. Ordered food only 1/2 of it came out, waitress forgot to put order in for some of it. Food was mediocre. Best thing is the view. Would not eat there again, but would have drinks and hang out. They had an awesome acoustic guitar player there, a shame for him that service there was terrible. We saw 2 tables of people leave due to service.
5	We went to the Wicked Six last weekend and were delighted with the service and the food. Absolutely delicious appetizer, delicious gourmet dinner and the dessert was the perfect finish to a fantastic meal. Our waitress was almost immediately table side and she was polite, personable and seemed to know the menu inside and out. We also had a great chat with the chef who gave me some great pointers on grilling vegetables! This is a definite go to restaurant. Great value for the quality of the food served. We will be back again and again and will recommend the Wicked Six to all our friends!
5	Just had lunch today with a few of my girlfriends. I ordered the fish tacos and would not hesitate to order them again next time. I'm not much of a restaurant critic so I'll finish by saying the service was great and food was delicious!
2	They need better beer if I will ever get my husband to go back. The best they had was kilt lifter. No IPA.
4	My girlfriend and I try to go to lunch once a month or so, and we always try somewhere new.This month it was lunch here. She had a Chopped Cobb salad and loved it. It's was huge and she had to take some home! I had the burger which was cooked perfectly and very good. The Wicked Sauce comes on the side, which I appreciated. I stuck my fork in and took a taste. It was very similar to a 1000 Island Dressing. I'll bet it would have been super on the burger (because the main ingredients in the 1000 island is Ketchup and Mayonnaise). I opted out only because I was being calorie conscious. Great view. Super nice staff. And it's not far from my house, I'll definitely go again!
1	Great views. Food just okay, nothing great or special. Many of their meals are very spicy. The soup , the coleslaw spicy Also very overpriced food. $13.00 for a pastrami sandwich on regular bread with not alot of pastrami. Way overpriced food where the service is good but the food taste & quality needs lots of improvement.  Nothing to write home about. Go for the views & bring your own lunch. The food is not worth the price tag...
1	Gave it another try since I was notified that they had an IPA, however the food was terrible. My "fork tender" short ribs could barely be cut with a steak knife and were really fatty. Our dogs got all my meat but one bite. My husband's pork chop was literally raw in the middle.The only saving grace was that the vegetables were nicely done. I'm sorry but $29 is too much for a few Brussel sprouts and carrots though. Service was also poor. Rarely checked on us and forgot to bring the soup we ordered. We will not be returning, which is too bad since we live so close by.
5	My wife and I enjoyed a nice lunch at Wicked Six today. Great food and service. View of 4 Peaks for out of towner's was superb. Not only do we recommend but we will go back again.
