5	The best Vietnam noodle soup I have eaten. Service is great too!
4	Being from New York City, I would think that finding better Pho in Canada is hard to fathom but I have been swayed after this trip.  With dinner plans at Europea falling through, we decided to stay within walking distance of our hotel.  Located on a block with 4 other Pho restaurants, we decided on this one based on its decor and the less mom and pop aesthetic.Sitting across from the exposed stone wall, we had cushy leather seats that looked deceptively stone-like themselves adding to the cohesion.  Our host/waiter was very friendly and provided recommendations to suite our cravings.  We started with a mango salad, which was fresh, spiced and seasoned very well.  Then we followed it with an order of 4 chicken wings.  Hands down one of the best wing I've eaten.  It was very tender and juicy with a great crispy crunch without being hard or greasy.  We each had the vermicelli bowl with grilled pork and bean sprouts.  Although tasty, there wasn't anything exceptional here.  Anytime you can walk into a Vietnamese place and not be gliding across its greasy floors, you'd wonder if it was authentic.  This place sets a new standard where great Vietnamese food can be had with a chic ambiance.
1	I took my family of 11 people here because it's spacious and modern.  The food quality is okay to good.  My fiance order bun bo hue but they gave him a large wonton soup instead.  When he went to correct the order, they still wouldn't give him his order.  Wth kind of customer service is that!  They were rude and should be happy I brought them in business.  He kept it and ate it anyway.  They argued him and said you order b15!  But I saw him order and pointed at b16.  RUDE!  Everyone's order was right but his. COME ON! They also didn't fill our waters or check up on us and gave us dirty looks.  They also ignored and walked away when my sister wanted her specialty drink.  They gave after her meal.  We did NOT feel welcome.  BE NICE TO TOURISTS super stuck up!  HORRIBLE HORRIBLE customer service.  Next time I will take a picture of the their face and tag it here, thank you!
4	This resto is a nice change from the typical traditional Asian style restaurants in Chinatown. It is Fine cuisine Vietnamienne and it has only one veggie dish. IT TASTED GREAT. full of fresh veggie soup with noodles, , nice Chicken broth,  not too salty. Flavorful I would get the medium size, the large was too filling.A nice change from the typical Asian restaurant, nice and zen decor
2	Overall, the food was mediocre. I've had much better  bun at many other restaurants. Spring rolls were quite tasty however. The pho was acceptable, but light on veggies and herbs. Service on the other hand was absolutely terrible! Very rude waiter and waitress! Would not go back again just because of that!
4	Stopped in to Pho XO for lunch. Right away, I noticed that the interior of the restaurant is MUCH nicer than the exterior would suggest. Impressive. The place was buzzing. Busy, busy, busy. I was excited. Busy places are usually good places, right?I sat down and asked what the specialties were. Server told me "tripe". I was wondering what "trip" meant on the menu. Sadly, I'm not *that* adventurous. I asked her to help me choose between the pho and the vermicelli menus. Couldn't decide. She suggested the vermicelli with pork and rolls. Sure. Service was very slow, but to her credit, the server kept looking at me and feeding me that ol' restaurant BS "it'll be just a few more minutes"... I got that she never forgot about me. That was nice. The meal came out and I was disappointed by the huge amount of vermicelli vs. the pieces of pork, but when I finally added some of the sauce and mixed everything up, the taste was really nice. I would return, but I'll try the pho. 3.5 stars rounded up.
4	This is a Vietnamese Restaurant we found in the Little Chinatown part of of downtown Montreal.   After attending the World Parkinson Conference at the Palais Congres de Montreal , we were hungry and was looking forward to some dinner.   The restaurant had a simple modern decor about it and was spacious.   Service was fast and efficient, and the place was very clean.  Vietnamese food is one thing I can always rely on being consistent, and it was proven again with our dinner here.   The soup bowls with noodles and thinly sliced beef were splendid, not too salty, piping hot and the noodles and slices of beef cooked perfectly.   We also had the typical entire of pork chops over a bed of rice, and some Vietnamese fried egg rolls, all delicious.  I love Pho!  This was definitely a positive experience in Montreal Quebec!
5	Came here with a group of nine on a Tues at noon. They had immediate seating at a giant tree trunk table (!), and fast, if somewhat sullen, service. I had the raw beef pho, and it was exactly right for a cold and slightly rainy day. Our group was noticeably quiet when the food came, and we fell to! We were back at the convention center within our 90-minute lunch hour with full bellies. Only one true vegetarian dish, though. Inexpensive.
4	I stopped here for a quick lunch my first day in Montreal.  The Pho was absolutely delicious, and the spring rolls were a little slice of heaven.  I highly recommend this restaurant if you find yourself up in Montreal!
