4	Went here today to have my tailpipe extended for emission testing. George was very courteous and the price he quoted me over the phone stuck when I visited his shop. It took all of 20 minutes! AND HE IS OPEN SATURDAYS! Will be going back for further modifications in the future.
5	What a great business. I've had mufflers added to my 1988 Mustang that sounded great. I had a stolen catalytic converter replaced on my 1999 Toyota 4 runner.both times he did excellent work for a really good price. I highly recommend Mad Hatter.He even said that I could bring in some rebar from home depot and he would weld it onto the new cat converter to prevent any future theives from stealing.
5	Been a few days since George and Furman finished installing my new exhaust system on my 88 Fiero.  I am very pleased with the result, and am very happy with their service. They are decently priced, and work quickly and effectively.If you need any exhaust work done, bring it here.
1	Wanted to get a Flowmaster muffler installed and this was the cheapest place I could find to do it. I also read the other reviews and figured it was a slam dunk. However, not so much. When I brought the truck in to get the muffler installed, they said that the muffler was too big and it wouldn't fit. I would have to get the right size in order for them to do the work. So I called Wade's Discount Muffler & Brakes, and Wade told me it wasn't a problem. Not only did Wade do the work, but he also only charged me $5 more. IF YOU DON'T WANT TO DO THE WORK, THEN WHY EVEN BOTHER HAVING A BUSINESS!!
1	I had George bend me up a couple pipes for my custom exhaust, and when I ran into a snag and took the vehicle to him about getting another pipe fabricated he was a complete jerk. I don't own a hydraulic bender or a lift, that's the only reason I was there. What I was asking for would have taken less then an hour to do with those tools. He spoke down to me the entire time constantly telling me that my vehicle was "a mess" and that I was doing "everything wrong" and that he refused to work on my vehicle unless he got to completely tear everything out and redo it, which I couldn't afford. I'm a machinist and welder that has grown up around cars and apprenticed in numerous hot rod shops. I might know a thing or two, and the first thing I know is I would NEVER treat my customers that way. I would avoid this place at all costs.
