1	I feel bad for writing this review but I'm also sorry for the meal I just endured at Johnny K's.  I've eaten there before and thought nothing of it: not good, not bad. Today, the service was excellent like always but the food was AWFUL! Definitely some cost cutting in the food department which is sad because the place was PACKED. A few of  the items we wanted were out or no longer being served...brunch on a Sunday. Really!?! Okra was overdone, Country-Style Steak was none of the above but rather a chuckwagon-quality "beef" patty drowning in gravy.  It was so offensive to eat that my brain won't let me stop reliving the nightmares of each bite. My mom couldn't cook either but she was mom and we learned to stomach some awful food growing up. I found a place worse than mom's.
3	Johnny Ks is a nice choice for a solid homestyle country breakfast.  It's always the same and it's always just fine for a great price and excellent service, it's a good option.  I'm not a huge fan of their lunch or dinner, it's not that it's bad, but there are better options.  Also, it's a great place to bring little ones.  With friendly and fast service...it always go smoothly.
2	Had lunch here Saturday, it is definitely a cute homey family place.  I ordered the philly cheesesteak and my friend ordered the club sandwich.  His sandwich was beautiful and wow huge, he said some of the bacon was a touch undercooked tho.  My sweet and hilarious waitress put my sandwich down and asked 'does everything look ok?'  To which I replied, 'maybe I didnt order the black hair on the pickle'.  Since I am blonde and she was blonde I could see the wheels sputtering in her head there was no way to get out of this one.  So I helped her out and handed her the pickle, suggesting I really did not want a replacement.  Ug, so I am not a kid and I realize that cooks making probably minimum wage are not donning hazmat suits to prepare a meal for Princess Melissa or any other paying member of society....so I let it go...I know it just happens.  I picked carefully through the rest of my sandwich tho...  The coleslaw was fabulous, the KFC kind that is a little sweet and finely chopped.  All in all I would say this restaurant is "meh' and definitely has overtones of creepy cousin-in-law who is always asking me to go to a strip-joint with him when I go home for Thanksgiving.
2	there are lots of family-style, "southern cooking" places like this in the area and Charlotte metro in general.... this wasn't much different, but was overall very unimpressive. food was kinda blah, not horrible but nothing fantastic. limited choices and frankly ugly atmosphere. went with a group of 6 people and probably half of us were less than thrilled with our food. the server was friendly and quick (there were no other people in the place when we went though, so that's not saying much). overall, it's just ok. I wouldn't recommend it if you have options, and I won't suggest it as a place for us to go again, but I wouldn't protest if I was with someone who really wanted to go there.I do want to point out we were there for dinner on New Year's Day. we often drive by and see tons of cars in the lot during breakfast and lunch times, so it's apparently popular.
3	I would feel bad writing this review if I thought it would have any impact on Johnny K's business, but since I'm almost certain that no one who frequents here reads Yelp, or gives a damn what we say, I'll carry on.  Having now eaten here 4-5 times, I think I can give it an honest shake. Everything is clean and the service is always good, which is why I threw in the 3rd star, And the lady who owns it with her husband is always super nice.  As for the food, it's just your typical meat and potatoes type joint run by a hard working Greek family in the South.  A bit too greasy, and a bit too much butter on everything, but always served with a smile and always pretty cheap.  There are places I prefer in the area, but when my clients want to eat here, I'm cool with obliging them.
4	i've been trying to find a little town diner for sometime now. I think I've found it!Nothing spectacular just plain simple, good service, good food. They way these little places should be. If you want gourmet go into Charlotte.
2	Johnny K's was meh. I went there for weekend breakfast and it was about half full inside. The food came out quick but the results were below what I would expect even from a greasy spoon place. Terrible biscuits and the sausage gravy was yucky. The server was very unfriendly although the ladies at the front counter were nice. They did cook my eggs correctly but thats about it.
