3	If you are in this building and in the need of a quick cup of coffee, this is the place to go. I came in for a bagel with cream cheese and was served by a friendly barista. They have limited seating inside since it's more of a "grab and go" type place, but I had a seat over by the counter that faces out to the Hilton Courtyard. Lots of construction going on so not much of a view, but a nice, quiet place to enjoy a snack. On your way out check out the cute little mugs that they sell (see pic).
5	My favorite coffee spot uptown.  Even after a year of not coming in (because I was working outside of uptown) they still remembered me and my drink (large, light roast.)Their coffee is more flavorful/better than any of the other places uptown and its cheaper to boot (larger coffee is $1.80!)The muffins are delicious (though far from healthy).
4	Considering I'm staying at the Hilton this week and working at the AT&T building next door, the Coffee Station is the closest java joint to get my caffeine fix in the morning and during the 2 to 3 PM lull.I must say that the several times I've been here so far, service has been incredibly friendly and they make tasty coffee.   I just had their breakfast sandwich and a large coffee this morning and the total for both was under 4 bucks.   Wow, really?   All I get for that at Starbucks is a lame scone.   And service here was far superior to the service I get at Starbucks.   The only thing I'll give Starbucks over Coffee Station is the quality of the coffee.     Still, me like very much.
5	The staff here is SO friendly, and the coffee is great, too!  They really make an effort to learn who their customers are and are super nice even when there is a long line.  You can tell they are doing a great business because they have 2 Starbucks, a Caribou, and a Panera in close proximity, but always have a steady stream of loyal customers!
5	Forget about Starbucks. Coming from Miami for a business meeting I stopped here. These are the friendliest people you can find and the coffee is the best. It was a refreshing experience.
5	THE BEST place to get coffee in Charlotte!  Clay, Phoebe and the rest of the staff will do their best to make you welcome!
5	The friendliest staff I have ever encountered in the service industry, period.  Great coffee and they are efficient.
5	Great services, also good prices. Agreed with other reviewers, incredibly friendly staff, what a nice way to start the morning!
5	I love this place. I come to Charlotte all the time for work and always stay at the nearby Hilton. They have SO many kinds of coffee/tea and always have fresh bananas (my breakfast of choice!) The staff is so nice and friendly too- always cheers me up!
