5	What do you do when you need to get your cycling training but just do not have any desire to tote your road bike on vacation with you? Rent a road bike right? But, nobody rents road bikes. SO you thought. With an upcoming metric century and a desperate need for some training miles, I decided to do a google search with only little hope to find something. Thank goodness, AOA EXISTS!!!! This company offers tours, team building and bike rentals (including both mountain bikes and ROAD bikes.) And, don't think they just rent out 1970's 10 speeds either. They have Trek and Specialized road bikes in three classes. There is standard, performance, and high performance. I Each class is a different price. I opted for the middle of the road. I figured it would be much like my bike at home. I chose the Specialized over the Trek, since I ride a Specialized regularly. The components were mainly shimano, and the saddle Specialized. I made sure to bring my gel saddle, sure that my comfy girlie saddle from home would not come standard. A good bike overall, for mid range. The staff was very nice. They were able to take my reservation an hour before my ride and had what I needed in house. I showed up and within 10 minutes had my bike, an emergency  kit (C02 cartridges, tire, tools), and a route map for the area that could be modified to meet my needs. WHAT A RIDE! Ok, so it was not NAPA, but you cannot expect that in the desert. Some great landscapes, some steady elevation gains, some quiet roads, some wildlife (rabbits mainly), and a gorgeous sunny day in March. It just doesn't get much better than that .I cannot rate this place on their tours or their team building, but I will most definitely be back to rent a road bike when I am in the Scottsdale area. I will make sure that I make a reservation in advance, though, since this rare find is likely to leak out ! Cant wait to come back and ride again later in the year!!! Thanks AOA.
5	A great place! Fast, friendly service and the bike I rented was well tuned. They also provided a couple of good routes for riding.
5	I used AOA about a month ago for some group team building activities.  I have to say, I was very impressed from day one with the service they provided.  Bernard was able to work with me on my time, budget, and activity needs to come up with 2 different activities for the group.  We did the Team Orienteering and the comination of building a bike for charity & then a bike ride in the dessert.  The Mountain biking activity was a HUGE hit, the Team Orienteering wasn't a big hit but that wasn't the fault of AOA...it just wasn't a good fit for my group.  When I called Bernard a few days out to say that I needed to make sure my CEO had a hard bike ride, he assured me Seth would take care of him.  As is turned out...Seth gave our CEO a private ride which he loved and talked about for the duration of the conference.AOA had helpful friendly staff and excellent equipment.  All the staff seemed to really be excited about what they do and helping out-of-towners enjoy themsleves.  In the end, our CEO was happy and the attendees really enjoyed themselves...which made me happy.I hope to be able to work with AOA again in the future!
5	My boyfriend and I were looking to rent bikes for a day and The Bicycle Ranch on FLW directed us to Arizona Outback Adventures. Their main business is hiking/biking tours, but I still wanted to review them because they were so friendly and helpful with our little rental! They got us set up with bikes and helmets quickly (each bike was $25 for a few hours). They gave us a map and suggested specific trails that we take and said they would come pick out to help us if we got a flat. Great group of people and excellent customer service. I'd imagine they're great with their tours/activities!
5	Excellent bike selection, quick in and out, knowledgeable employees on the trails around Scottsdale.  Exact combo I was looking for while on vacation.  Will use again.
1	TERRIBLE SERVICE,   They told me they had the bikes for rental, then they did not.   DO NOT GO HERE.   Very rude.   When I called back to complain, they hung up on me.
5	This cycle shop rocks.  Quick and friendly service despite my late arrival (my bad).  They had a lot of rental options to choose from.  Recommend this place for rentals.  And they are close to the entrance to the preserve.
5	Rented a couple mountain bikes with a friend from work yesterday.  Great experience.   5 minutes outside AOA's front door we were trekking through the AZ outback...a great ride.  Staff was friendly and knowledgable.  Provided several options for local trails, with options for different skill levels.   Equipment was great - mine: double suspension, carbon fiber with clips.  Very cost competitive. After at great 2 hr. ride, the best part was cooling down in their office.  Would definitely work with them again.
5	First I should disclose that cycling is my great addiction! When traveling without my own bike, I always fit a ride or two into my itinerary using rental bikes. I rented a bike from Outback Adventures while in Scottsdale, Arizona last week. When considering the rates, quality of equipment, ease of rental, general policies, and customer relations...I've got to rate this shop the best I have ever encountered! I return to Scottsdale every year for Spring Training. I'm so glad that I discovered this place...planning on many future rentals.
5	I just finished a half day rental with AOA. They were great! We are a family with a small child (2 year old), and we were able to rent two adult bikes and a trailer. The bikes were comfort-ride, and definitely were, and the trailer was light weight and super easy to use. Friendly, knowledgeable staff who gave us directions, and even recommended a place for lunch! We will rent with them again theme time we're here!
5	Great rental experience. Customer service clearly a priority. Excellent equipment and great advice regarding routes. Maps available and very helpful. Will never rent from anyone else again in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.
5	Excellent experience here. Nice two year old Roubaix as road bike rental. Shifted flawlessly for 50 mile McDowell mountain loop. They even had an assortment of pedals so we didn't have to bring our own pedals to clip in. Steve, the guy who did all the sizing, etc. could not have been nicer and even helped us put the bikes into the truck. They let us pick up the bikes the night before our ride so we could get out early. We had them back by noon and they only charged us for a half-day. $60 for new Roubaix is a good deal in my book. Highly recommend!
5	I travel often and rent road bikes whenever I can.  AOA has provided the best services I have experienced yet.  The bike I rented was high quality, and in amazing condition and they delivered it to my hotel prior to my arrival.  The website was a pleasure to manage, provided clear and detailed information and the staff was knowledgeable and clearly focused on making my riding experience extraordinary.If you plan on renting a bike in the Scottsdale area.... AOA is the only place.  Wish they had shops in LA, Dallas and Minneapolis.
5	Took beginners mountain biking with my 9 year old son. Summer, 100 degrees in desert! Plan for the early class! Sunscreen and water!James was our guide and was great adjusting to my sons level yet pushing him. He was great narrator, guide and first aid - great job!
5	These were the most helpful people I have ever met.      They totally work around my conference time and they're opening time to ashore me a bike.   It did not work this time but I will be back
5	I wanted to ride and bring my bike on our mini vacation to Phoenix. Since we were flying, I didn't trust the TSA and baggage handlers at the airports and looked up where I could rent a semi decent bike to keep up with my training. I was very happy to find AOA due to its fleet of bikes that matched my high end road bikes. Cary helped me get set up and since I am very particular about my fit, we talked about my bringing a longer stem to swap on the Trek Domane 6.9 I was going to be riding. I've already spread the word to my riding buddies who travel to AZ and hope to use them again soon! Double thumbs up to AOA!
5	Rented a great mountain bike to ride the McDowell mountain trails and couldn't have been more pleased. Friendly, helpful staff and I'll definitely be visiting again.
