5	I'm not going to review any particular show (since I've seen about half of their shows). I'm just going to review them as whole company.  Cirque du Soleil is a performing troupe that started in Montreal 25 years ago.  Their shows are a very unique cross between the circus (minus the live animals) and musical theatre.  The shows usually feature some sort of storyline set to music and involve the high wire, the trapeze, the trampoline and several other Cirque Du Soleil-specific acrobatic acts (you'll just have to see a show to find out...).  As a company, they develop one show a year that usually starts in Montreal's Old Port in early summer and then tours the rest of the world starting with Canada.  Right now, I think there are 5-10 touring shows with 5-10 "resident" shows at various casinos in Las Vegas (of which the famous "O" is my favorite). Depending on the location, the shows are either in their custom tent and stage or in a theatre built to their specifications. From experience, the shows usually last about 2 hours with an intermission and there are refreshments and souvenirs to buy.  I can guarantee you have never seen anything like the Cirque du Soleil.  The shows are still jaw-dropping for me and I've been seeing them for almost 10 years now.  Kids LOVE Cirque Du Soleil and the shows are all kid-friendly.  I'm looking forward to taking my nieces to a show for the first time.The down side: the ticket prices are outrageous (but they can get away with it because of the sheer unique-ness of their product) and the shows usually sell out weeks in advance, so if you are  planning on going in a group, get tickets as early as you possibly can.
5	This review is specifically about the new show OVO.Almost too late, I remembered that Montreal is home to the world-renowned Cirque du Soleil. Fortunately for me, when I checked the website a few days prior to my trip to Montreal, I saw that the new production OVO was playing during my trip and a few tickets were still available.When I was shown to my seat, I was amazed at how close I was to the stage--just two rows, and maybe 12 feet separated me from some of the world's best acrobats. I was so close that I could see the details of their makeup and costumes, like the seemingly two-inch-long eyelashes on the women.OVO tells the story of a world of insects, including a flirtatious ladybug, a bugtown mayor, and an intriguing stranger who arrives in town carrying a large egg. As a romance develops between the ladybug and the stranger, an equally intense battle over the egg ensues between him and the mayor.As the story unfolded over the course of two hours, I was treated to an amazing spectacle of vibrant costumes, stirring music, and astonishing athleticism and artistry. Group by group, the various acrobats took center stage to perform their magic. The troupe of Asian girls costumed as red fire ants wowed the audience, followed by the women dressed as black widows dancing on a rope web, and the couple who created a beautiful and touching mating dance while twisting through the air on ropes.There were also the shiny bronze scarab beetle men who performed a more traditional flying trapeze, and the lone acrobat who commanded attention for his tightrope act and even managed to balance himself by one hand above the rope. But one of the most visually amazing feats was the interaction of the artists with the climbing wall backdrop. Certainly with the aid of trampolines, the acrobats bounced several feet up the wall and clung to the handholds with the easy tenaciousness of  flies on a wall, before bouncing back down again.I can hardly do justice to OVO by describing the performance with just words, so I encourage people to visit the website for a video preview. If you're in Montreal, this is a must-do event. Otherwise, wait until OVO travels to your town on tour.
5	This is my first Cirque du Soleil show under the grand Chapiteau. I was kinda reluctant to go to see OVO after watching the preview but it was actually pretty amazing! I had the second row from the stage and we could clearly see everything. Another awesome experience from Cirque du Soleil, just what I expected.
5	Prices are steep but the entertainment is steeper. Cirque Du Soleli OVO is amazing. This was my first snd hopefully will not be my last. My partner and I chose to sit in the very front on the side. I believe it was $94 and you may have to turn your hand, but it was well worth it. One can still see all the action clealy. What one should do is go on their site to buy the tickets and you can see the prices and available seats. Make sure there are no poles in the way. I completely and whole heartedly recommend going to see at least one Cirques Du Soleli production. You won't regret it.
5	I have been to two Cirque shows so far, and am contemplating my third. If only the tickets weren't so expensive! (Not that the performers don't deserve every penny from the ticket price, perhaps I should rephrase that.) If only I wasn't such a broke-ass! I saw Corteo in Vancouver, which was awesome, unfortunately we bought tickets a little too late so our seats were pretty close to the back, but the costumes and makeup were awesome! I was super stoked to hear that this performance meant "the death of a clown" because they styled the whole show based on old style clowns and had a little comedy bit in the middle. I think the coolest part was the little tiny girl that had the helium balloon and floated through the crowd! OMG that would be so fun!! The other show I saw was in Montreal last year and it was called Ovo, and I was stoked because my friend scored us FRONT ROW TICKETS!! HOLY SHIT!!! This show was all about bugs and I was so close I could see the lizards licking their lips at me (which was almost offensive at times LOL) and I could see the performers' arm muscles shake as they did their handstands and the sweat beading on their foreheads. For an extra $40 the front row is the place to be! I loved the flirty girl who was the little bumblebee or whatever she was, so cute!! I will be back in Montreal in a month and am debating on getting tickets to see Totem, the newest show from Cirque, which is about the evolution of the human species. Oh how I wish I had a million trillion dollars!
4	I love the cirque!  Once you've seen them you really wont see the point of traditional circuses with animals.  Absolutely thrilling.  I've seen them three times twice here in Montreal and once in Vegas with Chris Angel Believe. Although I was really thinking I was going to see more Mind Freak and less cirque it was still entertaining but a little disappointing. If you want to see Chris Angel don't go see this show as he is in and out and you don't see much of his freaky self.   The shows are good for kids but might be a little much for very young ones under 5.  Some of the characters are a little scary.
5	Seeing Cirque Du Soleil in Montreal is like no other experience.  This was actually my absolute favorite thing that we did on our trip here and I will for sure hit up the cirque every time I am in Montreal.  I saw a Cirque show in Vegas about 4 years ago and have to say that the Vegas show paled in comparison to this show.  The Montreal show is in the actual circus tents with the correct stage and lighting and seating, etc.  Our seats were amazing -- 3rd row and totally worth it! It was like a dream come true.  I could see the performers, their faces, expressions, and their costumes and their props and it was just plain awesome.  The show I saw was Totem and I thoroughly enjoyed it and felt like I completely got my moneys worth.  The performers are the best in the world; costumes incredibly creative; I could go on and on.  This is yet another "must not miss under any circumstances" event to attend in Montreal.
5	Had the pleasure of seeing my 4th Cirque Du Soleil show last weekend - Kurios, Cabinet of Curiosities at Cirque's home city - Montreal. The newest addition to the  dazzling world of Cirque Du Soleil. I discovered the larger than life performances of CDS less than two years ago and have since then chased them far and wide (Boston, New York, Dallas, Montreal ...) to indulge in as many of their shows as possible. Flamboyant costumes, otherworldly music (original compositions), fantastical settings, seamless transitions between acts and the eclectic collections of acrobatic acts are the signatures of every CDS show. Kurios achieves a strikingly good balance between skits of humorous nature and the stunning acts of acrobatics (both aesthetics and unexpected skills); the storyline is also much more prominent in this one as transitions between each act are weaved together by familiar characters and the cabinet of curiosities. Solo acts, couple acts, and group acts; balancing act, juggling act, air acrobatics all bring their own unique qualities to the show. The artistic tabletop projections and costume aided body art acrobatics are truly beautiful and qualifies as artistic presentations; while the balancing acts and air acrobatics shows true mastery of many decades of practiced skills. The location of the Montreal Cirque du Soleil Big Top shows is none other than the Old Port across from Place Jacques-Cartier, one of my favorite places in Montreal; plenty of dining spots and a place to relax and people watch, before or after the show. The tickets for Cirque du Soleil is on the same caliber as any Broadway performances but for any lover of performance art, the exhilarating experience is definitely worth it. Some associations (companies, schools) does offer steep group discounts to see the show and the opportunity is a can't miss.
5	Perks of the job!Love the new show KURIOS - Cabinet of Curiosities It was strangely amazing. Kept me wanting for more. I saw about 9-10 shows so far! The only thing i would change would be the seating. The lack of spacing between chair can be a bit annoying, specially when sitting next to a stranger.Yes I recommend this show. They are located in  in the old port of Montreal, good location.I wouldn't recommend driving there. They don't really have "real food" its mostly movie theater snacks. There's plenty of restaurants around to compensate. This performance is a MUST SEE!
5	I'm lucky and privileged to live in the home city of Cirque du Soleil, where they have the world premiere of their new shows at the beautiful Old Port of Montreal.  Cirque du Soleil amazes me. Every time I see new production I would think this is the best one, and two years later the new show will be of course fantastic and better. So I thought about Amaluna, but the latest show Kurios surpassed my expectations. Kurios was so good that I even forgot the biggest woman in the tent was sitting in front of me and blocking my view most of the time. Yeah, the seats in the tent are for mid size people, buy more expensive and central ones if you can afford it, preferably closer to the stage. If in town around Christmas you can still enjoy some of their old shows at the the Bell Centre arena. Yet, being in the signature blue and yellow striped tent of Cirque du Soleil for a brand new spectacle remains the best experience.Love you Cirque du Soleil creators and performers! Thanks for all the magic moments!
4	It originates here, so you gotta go, right? Kurios was perfectly paced, expertly performed and the perfect length. The tent setting is ideal: a great space with not a bad seat in the house. It's a little expensive, but you definitely get your money's worth. It's fun hanging out in the lobby area for a beer and a look at the show's merchandise. A fun evening for everyone.
5	Saw show on July 4, 2014. WOW!!!!! Amazing!
