5	Great little place. I was there for a wine tasting with the Arizona Wine Bats last night and had a blast. The owners are really nice and very accommodating. Although I didn't try any of the food, from what I could tell, every seemed to thoroughly enjoy it. The have a very nice wine selection for you to try and buy by the bottle at very reasonable prices.  Definitely a nice little place to go for a quick drink or before a night out on the town. Give it a try :)
4	I'm a fan.  This place needs a few more people to frequent and it could be really fun.  The bar is nice and the staff made some great suggestions on the wine that I should get based on my preferences.  There was a little lack of customers which made it feel empty.  The prices were great and the quality was outstanding.I spoke with the owner and they told me that they are really looking hard for great high quality wine at a reasonable price.Support this local establishment and stop in for a glass of wine and some apps before dinner sometime.
5	I admit, I am generally easy to please. This place however, was fantastic! The waiter suggested a wine to fit our taste seemed actually happy to be serving us. I had a brie beaujolais that was the sweetest little mix of warm brie, dried fruit, and sour apples. I would love to see this little local owned place booming with people. Its on a quiet corner with patio seating outside and couch areas for relaxing with wine and friends or cozying up with a date. I was more than pleased.
5	I loved this place! It was a little dead but we did go on a Monday night. Their selection of red wines was great. They have one of the best sangrias I've ever had. My sandwich was great & my husband loved his spicy pepperoni pizza. Great service & cute atmopshere w/ couches & paintings. Stop by & give them a try :)
4	I'm not fond of crowds so it's 415pm for me @ happy hour where all drinks are 50% off but not the $13 wine flight which is 3 cute flasks of any u pick wine.  I had the Riesling Leitz out, Spanish 07 Priorat & lastly, for variety the sangria.  That would be paired with the $13 Chianti platter which includes genoa salami, asiago, mozzarella, olives, pepperocini, roasted tomatoes, roasted red peppers all served with hot bread balsamic vinegar & olive oil plus balsamic vinegar & don't forget about the sopresetta.  It's another type of sausage in this delicious platter, kind of like salami.  $9 for Roman sandwich which is roast beef.  All was very good.  Our friendly server was Brian.  Definitely want to return.
4	They have a great selection of reasonable wines.  The team there will help you choose what is best for your taste.  They have a bitchen happy hour and yummy appetizers.  They have live music on some nights and comfy couches.  Best part is - I can walk there from my house!
