4	I'm a real movie person.  I love everything about movies, and this theater makes watching them a very pleasurable experience.  The theaters are well maintained and the picture and sound are very nice.  But what really sets it apart from other places is the staff.  They are a very helpful and well informed bunch.  If you have a question about anything movie related, the help desk here can get you an answer, or point you in the right direction.  Although it might take them a few minutes to get to you, that's the only real down side.
3	Really I feel like it is just too big.  I am attracted to smaller cinemas, it just seems like you get better service.  There are so many people coming in and out of this place that the employees really don't care about being nice to their patrons.  The upside of such a big theater is that you don't have kids running circles around you and your date.  They also have a good selection of arcade games to play, but no pinball machines, you really need pinball machines.  There are so many screens here that you don't have to worry about getting a ticket, so that's not bad I guess.
3	I've been here several times and had a fine experience, but last night when I went to see "W" there, I was pretty unimpressed with the theater. I can only imagine the theater is being hit hard by the economic slump because they hardly had anyone working there. And it was a Friday night.We waited in line for a while to buy our tickets because there was only one person selling them and the automated ticket machine was broken. Then we waited in line at concessions because there was one person working there. Then we got into the theater and it was disgusting. Half the seats were covered with trash and our feet stuck to the floor. An employee came in and discovered no one had cleaned it, so she started to pick up the garbage. It was just kind of a sad experience all together. Still, I'll probably try to head there on a weekday, when movies are $5. And if you don't mind hiking to the theater from the Lynx stop, you can take the light rail to the end (485/Pineville) and avoid using gas.
4	Cozy theater never too packed and it's a straight shot down South Boulevard.  I finally realized they do the thing where they pre-load a bunch of paper bags with popcorn in case there's a rush (and there never is) and it can get stale if it's slow.  So sometimes you have to brazenly ask them to refresh your popcorn.  Stick to your guns!  At $11 for a large drink and large popcorn, they can refill that bad boy with the fresh stuff.But it's clean (the floor won't pull your shoes off like in some theaters) and the seats are awesome for big and tall peeps.
4	We went to AMC this past weekend to see "Madagascar 2" and I laughed my @$$ off.  I've always enjoyed AMC movie theaters, as they seem to be cleaner than most other companies'  theaters and they have a great rewards program.  I'm constantly getting coupons for free drinks, popcorn, or a free night at the movies (movie, drink, AND popcorn).  We went before noon on Sunday, and seats were only $5 a person.  It's a great deal, but I can never keep up with their pricing.  Sometimes the specials are before 6 p.m, sometimes before 4 p.m., and sometimes before noon.  And now there are also specials Mon-Thurs for $5 for all seats, too.  No specials (unless you're a student or senior citizen) on their busiest nights (Fri & Sat), but if you can adjust your moviegoing schedule, you can get some great deals at AMC...if you know when they are!  Unfortunately, going to AMC isn't as convenient as I'd like to be.  Otherwise, I'd go there more often.  I wish they had an AMC on my side of town!
2	Dropping two stars because the movie entertainment and quiz video that shows while you're sitting in the theater waiting for the previews to come on the screen in theater #20 was all digitally pixelated with green squiggly lines and annoying to look at.  Other people in the theater were wondering aloud if the movie was going to appear that bad too.So I went and asked the manager if the movie was going to be jacked up and he said no it's just the stuff between films.  He was right, the movie was fine.  He said "it's just a cheap little box that shows those videos."  But that's not a way to maintain confidence in your movie projection technology.  Buy a new cheap box for the hundred or more people visiting theater #20 every week.I hope they don't continue to undermine their existing customer base with lazy or cheap maintenance of their equipment.  Because there are plenty of other places to see new releases in town.  I'm becoming a big fan of Phillips Place Stadium.  It's nice and it's by the mall...
3	Went here when we ran out of things to do with my sister tourist wise- and none of us saw the movie "The social network".....so we went to a 5:30 showing on a sunday. We were three of about 10 people there. The trivia preview stuff was avoidable- only because we had the sound but not the visual. We were talking so we didn't really care. Then an employee came and was sitting there watching the 5 of us in the theater (at that time-some more came in once previews started) like we were causing trouble (which we were not) and didn't make any announcement about lack of screen show. Finally my sister got up to ask him about it and he got on his phone thing. He said they were aware of it. We were able to watch the movie with no problem- sound and movie were just right. Theater overall was clean, as were the bathrooms.
4	Definitely a fan of AMC.  If you watch movies on weekdays or on weekdays before 4pm, the cost of a ticket at AMC is only $5.  My friends think I'm crazy since I like watching movies during the week and not on weekend nights.  For a while, I kept thinking that their special $5 price was only before 12pm on weekends.... so I kept picking the 11am shows - no wonder all my friends don't ask me to go to the movies anymore!There was a time when this location went downhill, but I don't know what happened - switch of management maybe... the ship was righted and the place is kept in good condition and is always on the list when I am thinking about movie locations.  Just wished it was closer to my side of town!
2	I will only come here for advance screenings anymore.  The last time I attended a regular movie here, everyone was talking loudly not only too each other, but also on their cell phones.  Several phones rang during the movie and rather than people turning them off, they answered them and talked to the person calling.This area is changing, so I'll give it no more than 5 years before it's sold and converted to a $2 movie theater while AMC movies a little further south towards Ballantyne to better compete with Regal.
4	Nice theater. Good sized kids pack. Clean seats, totally didn't have that stinky sticky smell at all.
3	There's not much that I can say that hasn't already been said, so here are my few observations of this particular AMC theater...1) The theater is tucked behind the smattering of mass retail (it's behind DSW, Old Navy, Ross, etc.)2) Plenty of parking right out front3) It smells like a movie theater...don't pretend you don't know what I mean. Stale-ish popcorn and commerce. 4) It's quite the large theater with plenty of showtimes, comfy seats and box office smashes to show. 5) Only want to pay $5 per ticket? Here are the movie times you need to plan:-Before 6 pm, Mon-Thurs -Before 11:55 am, Fri-Sun.Enjoy the movies!
3	I am so OG that I can just about remember when this place was new.  Truth be told, it is not quite true, but it is close.  What I do remember is when it was like new.  It is no longer the case.  Now, it is a bit run down, and that is generous.As has been mentioned elsewhere, there is plenty of parking.  It could be because most people are elsewhere.  Probably at a mall at a newer theater because this place has seen better days.  Many of them.  Probably better years in fact.  Maybe even better decades.On the good side, the place is good-sized, with 22 screens - unfortunately they are all in sad shape, and there are oh-so-many other options around town.  If you have any other option closer, you might want to use it.  If not?  It is not a bad choice, because hey - they do have a large selection after all.
2	Not bad but I'd take a bulletproof vest if you go on a Friday or Saturday night. Super duper ghetto!
2	Oh, AMC South Blvd. Everytime I pull in your parking lot I wonder why I am here when there are so many other options out there for movies. I rarely even go to the theaters, so why waste my hard earned cash at this run down theater? Typically it's because I have waited until all the popular theaters have stopped showing the movie I want to see, so my choices are limited and I know that's my fault so....... Ok, back to the review:I want to scrub you with bleach, AMC Carolina Pavillion. I know your staff probably cleans you daily, twice daily? But you're just old, dark and tired. There are a lot of screens here, so that's a plus, but the parking lot is in disrepair and not the safest lot in the area (more lighting would be nice!). I would suggest any other theater in Charlotte besides this one - only go here if you have to. That's right, AMC Carolina Pavillion - you're my "only if you were the last theater on a deserted island"
4	This place right here..... right here!!!  is my fav theatre.5 bucks b4 6pm (through the week)5 bucks b4 Noon (i think on w/e)I'm an early bird so I like to go solo sometimes. Catch a 10'clock movie be out by noon. Still have the whole day left. Its something about coming out a movie and its still bright outside. It puts at least an extra hour in my mental clock. 3D... gotta love it.buying tix online.... gotta love it.buyint tix at the ticket machine..... gotta love it.food... ahh its a movie theatre... u get what u expect. (i'm not a popcorn eater so.....)Go have fun, enjoy!!!!Cheer's
4	AMC is well AMC. When I came here I was kind of surprised because this would be the first time I came here and checked out this movie theater. I felt as if it was new as I walked in it felt very grand with the high ceiling and big letters. The parking lot was a little bit dark as I walked in, which could mean a little more liability with the security of movie-goers. Food is expensive though, but they do offer pretzels and cinnamon buns which I haven't seen at any of the other AMC's. Then again, I don't go up and buy things often. I have heard that this movie theater was old, maybe they updated their facilities. Overall, I would come back here if I lived nearer. If a screening comes up for this movie theater that I want to go watch I will definitely come back here.
4	One of my favorite theaters to watch a movie based simply on the location and price. Usually hit up a matinee here, which is $5 before 3pm...solid! Plus it's located next to Target, Old Navy, Nordstrom Rack & World Market...nice little Sunday don't you think? A lot of movie's and flexible movie times. Oh yeah...they serve popcorn too (that's the most useful part of the review).
5	$5 bucks before 6pm on weekdays!? Count me in! This theater is tucked away behind other retailers like Target, Old Navy, etc. If the snack option prices bother you, a gas station is nearby. Nice seating too.
4	Come Monday - Thursday $5 movies!!!
4	I was surprised by this one. Never been here before, but had free tix to an AMC.Parking was a breeze. I appreciate theaters that are at the back of their center away from entrances and exits to the road. The main lobby is pretty impressive - really big. And they have the most comfy theater seats I've been to (without expensive ticket prices).Very out of my way, but if I ever have AMC tickets again, this is where I'll use them.
2	I usually visit this theater on Saturday mornings.  It's a great way to see new release movies.  All tickets are $5 and the theaters are never crowded. Plus you get to pump your own "butter" on your popcorn. Great for those of us who like clogged arteries with our movie.  The screens are big, and stadium seats are comfortable.However, I just recently went to see Skyfall at 5:00pm on a Friday evening.  The theater was absolutely disgusting.  Popcorn and trash were strewn around all the seats and floor.  It looked like it hadn't been cleaned all day.I got a hold of the manager who feigned concern and sent ushers in to clean.  The two guys who showed up walked around for about a minute, swept a tiny bit and left.  the place was nearly as gross as when we walked in.Our movie ended about 8pm, and the theater was practically as empty as when we arrived (I would have expected much bigger crowds on a Friday evening with a premiere of a blockbuster movie).
4	I like this place alot, esp for their plethora of screens and movie selections.  I will say, I went here on the Friday after Thanksgiving and they were far understaffed at both the ticket both and the concession stand.  Plan better please - people go the movies around Thanksgiving!Never had anything from the concessions so I can't comment.
3	Usually clean. Good popcorn.
4	Here for Skyfall, I was pleased. The ticket prices are as usual crazy, but that's what they cost these days. The seating is very comfortable with cup holders for the drinks and tall stadium seating so that you're able to see the screen and not the back of the head in front of you.Picture and sound quality were excellent. No complaints there.As usual concession stand prices were off the charts. $3.50 for an 18 ounce Diet Coke that was half ice? WTH?I'll definitely be back. This was a good experience!
4	It's my favorite theater in town. I never have a problem when I go. The staff is always friendly and helpful. There was an issue with the ticket machine outside the manager let me in and fix the machine and gave me my ticket. It's a good theater and usually has whatever movie I want to see.
3	For an older theater, this one isn't too bad. (This will fall on def ears, but) The price for popcorn and soda, however, is OUTRAGEOUS (at all theaters, not just this one). For small popcorn and soda, $10.75 ($6.00 popcorn + $4.75 soda). This is why I never buy anything but a ticket. If I could buy a medium drink and medium soda for $6.00, I would buy that most of the time I am there. Isn't that better than pricing a lot of people out of concessions? Just asking...
4	Went here today to see the new Tom Cruise flick Oblivion.  I have to see this theater is difficult to find if you don't already know where its at.  Its located all the way in the far back corner of this huge "Pavilion" shopping center off of South Blvd.  Once finding it however, I was more than satisfied with the service.  They had enough staff to handle any Memorial Day rush.  The interior is clean, and the screen are plentiful.  This was the only theater playing Oblivion,  In fact, I have found that this theater plays many movies that other theaters have already stopped showing. In Summary, AMC Carolina Pavilion 22 is a better than average movie theater.  Friendly service.  Clean.  Plays movies other theaters don't.    PS: Oblivion was better than expected.  Def worth a Red BOX viewing.
4	I hadn't been here in a long time but happen to be in the area. It was a Wed night and it was extremely slow. so it was easy to get the perfect seat. Everyone was friendly. The seats were clean and comfortable. Only complaint is that the bathrooms were a little messy as if since it was slow they didn't even bother to check on them.
4	My husband and I came here with a couple of friends to watch This is the End on a Sunday evening. Probably the only thing I can complain about is that they only  had one person selling tickets. There was a line probably about 8 people deep, and nobody ever came out to relieve the line. Perhaps they weren't expecting that type of crowd, but it was a holiday weekend. Other than that, I had a fantastic time. AMC is a great place to go if you want to avoid the crowds, that was nice because we almost always go to Regal, and there is almost always a very full theater. We didn't get any concessions, so I can't comment on that. They do have you put your own butter on the popcorn. One thing my Grandma has taught me with that is to use a straw, put it over the spout where the butter comes out, and then you can get your butter to the bottom of the bag, just slowly move the bag down, so the straw moves up through the popcorn, and you never have to miss the movie going to put more butter on your popcorn.
4	I've been a fan of this theater since I moved to Charlotte. I mean it's not fancy by any means but its in a great location. It's secluded in the back of a shopping center which has a lot of my favorite stores (Target, Bed Bath and Beyond, Kohls) . So, I can catch an early movie and then do some shopping. Totally a win for me!!! Let's see there's always tons of movie times for your to chose from and whenever I'm here there's been ample parking, the staff has been pleasant, and the concessions have been good.There's really nothing more to say other than I'm a fan and recommend this theater!
4	Let's go to the movies! When all other theaters in town are sold out, come here and you'll have elbow room to spare. It has been a while since my last visit...like most people with a new car, park far away from everyone to save the new and shiny as long as possible...just to find a ding in the side when I returned from the show. Anyway, took my chances and came back to see a newly released matinee. I tried Phillips Place and Epicentre before coming here and both shows and future showings were sold out. However, AMC wasn't and had plenty of seating to spare. Like others have noted, if you don't want a crowded theater with 22 screens you are bound to find a show and still keep your personal space.The concession stand was great and speedy. The popcorn was delicious...although now you serve up your own butter. Obviously, I need to get to the movies more often. My one issue is if you buy your tickets online and pay the extra fee, you shouldn't have to wait in the ticket line to get a physical ticket (really defeats the convenience). Hopefully theaters and Fandango can work that out. Overall, I'm very happy with AMC on South Boulevard.
5	Weeknight date, uncrowded parking lot and a theatre to ourselves. Yes, please!This location is not the latest and greatest, but is very clean, the ticket takers, popcorn makers and cleaner uppers were all friendly and polite! Popcorn tasted fresh, Cherry Coke was perfect and the movie (Saving Mr Banks) was good!We'll be back!
2	It's a fine theater and all, but yeah, I can't go here.  Sorry.  I thought the audio was a tad loud.  More importantly, the seat are just average.  I can't help it.  I've been spoiled by super comfortable seats at other places.dmo out
5	Clean theater! Comfortable seating and nice, helpful staff. Bathrooms are VERY clean and even have seating to wait for others. I would definitely visit this theater again! Please keep in mind that this theater is difficult to find. It's behind the shopping center to the far left and there are no directional signs to help you find the place. Worth the search!
3	This has alway been my favorite theatre until today! The security told us the theatre was ready to be used and there already two couples sitting in the room and when I entered the room it was filthy! The whole theatre is a mess even the bathrooms not coming back!!!!
5	Usually not crowded during the day.
5	Better prices than Stonecrest. Better bathrooms, too!Value for $ excellent.  Great location off of S. Boulevard and can shop after at target, kohls, Nordstrom rack, world market, etc. This theater worth the few extra minutes from Ballantyne to save a few bucks on tickets.
4	This used to be the place not to go, but with the new screens, seats, soda , and sushi machines what's not to love, love, love?
4	Updated screens and all you can drink sodas w better than ordinary junk food ... Not bad .. Like all theatres it's junk food is pricey but that's a theme wherever you go .. Seats are comfortable and staff makes efforts to clean theatres so yeah it's good ! The movies are on Hollywood  - hit or miss  over all it's a good place to go
4	They have good movies playing all the time.  The environment is clean and the staff are courteous and quick!
1	This was probably the worst managed movie theater I've benn to.  We went to a 6:30 pm show and the first thing I noticed was only one individual selling tickets at the window.  Once we went inside we waited in line to purchase popcorn and drinks.  We stood in line for a while and discovered why.  NO Popcorn ready!!!! How in the world do you not have popcorn ready at a movie theater???  Although there were two popcorn makers, only one was operational.  Why???  I could see the frustrated looks on customers faces as they stood to the side waiting for the popcorn to be done.  Once it was our turn, we ordered popcorn and water but we were told they had no water bottles left.  That was the final straw!!!  We turned around and proceeded to the customer relations desk to get a refund for our tickets.  As we waited for one other customer who was ahead of us and we overheard him informing the supervisors/manager that the theater he was in was in, the movie had not started on time and there was something wrong with the sound system.  The manager confirmed there was an issue and was being worked.  When it was our turn, I requested a refund and she promptly processed my request.  No questions or inquiries as to why.I was really surprised with such a big company as AMC to see so many things going wrong at the same time.  We're new to the area and not sure if this was just a fluke or a common theme for this theater.The manager and supervisors need to get on the ball.  They should have identified the lack of prepared popcorn and water on hand.  Additionally, an employee should have gone into the theater where the moive that hadn't started to inform the customers of the situation and apologize for inconvenience.  Don't make your customers come looking for someone for answers.If this is the way things are operated at this theater, I don't see why people accept this level of service when paying so much money to see a movie.  We noticed there are plenty of other theaters around Charlotte and are willing to drive further to receive better service.
4	I consider this my local theater. It's shown its age, but they recently taken to updating parts of the interior, including the concession stand. They have removed the old school soda fountain taps, and in its place installed the modern Coca-Cola freestyle machines. They've also added digital menu boards.The seats show their age and can be dirty and at times tattered. The restaurants are clean, which is a plus."Amazing."
3	This wasn't my sisters 1st choice of preference but, since the nicer theater closer to her home was packed...this location it was. Actually we easily found parking, the line was very short to purchase tickets and the theater was very lean and clean. This is a decent spot to see a family movie. The only thing that bothered me was that, upon entering the theater it reeked & I choked from the smell of too buttery, over popped popcorn!  I couldn't wait to reach the theater & get out the burn popcorn smell. Wooo....Overall the picture screen was outstandingly clear so, we enjoyed the movie ANNIE. However, the seats in the theater are really narrow & stiff. The seats do not adjust or move like newt theaters. They offer old school seating, in an old school kind of way.
4	First off, hard to find oddly enough. It's actually behind the Target, we drove around in the dark trying to find a 22 screen theater with a Garmin and yelp. Kinda gave us the giggles. Typical set up, walk up windows for purchase. The man asked us if we had the loyalty card for AMC which we did not and were interested in getting because we just moved here and this is a nice theater.  He didn't offer to sign us up, so okay whatever. Line for concessions has a large candy display right in the middle so unsure of where you should que??  Other than that, clean restrooms and stadium seating AND normal sound level (my pet peeve)!!
