1	The customer service was great. The problem is that I paid $400 for mink eyelash extensions. I repeatedly stated that I was going for fullness and that I did not want long lashes. When she was finished she started explaining why "she" selected the length that she did (which was longer than I wanted) and she also explained why she selected a certain diameter lash and a lash that stretched out rather than curled. Now, I did not know that all of these options were available and for $400 you would think she would have included me in making these decisions rather than risk me leaving dissatisfied. Basically she went with what she liked rather than ask what I wanted. I wasted $400 because I am embarrassed by the long outstretched lashes. If she had listened to me it would have been a shorter lash and if she would have asked me I would have opted for a curl rather than outstretched lashes.They do good work, so if you go insist on being part of the decision making right upfront.  That should be a given.
5	I got mink eyelash extensions from here in January.  I have gotten two fills and I just love them.  Everyone tells me how natural they look.  I think I'm addicted!  My fair eyelashes now look black and thick 24 hours a day and I can't even feel them they're so light.  I wish they were my real eyelashes, but then again, no one would ever know they weren't!!  The technician is very experienced, she treats it like an art, and she only uses the best products.  I'm very happy and my husband who was skeptical at first is happy too, especially because it now takes me half as long to do my makeup and to wash my face.
5	I have bad novalash extensions for about 2 years and i heard about this place from a girlfriend. I have to get fills every two weeksand she us getting them only every 4 weeks and her lashes look great. I wash happy to get a money back guarantee in writing and a new set for $200 that where softer and totally amazing. The technician have me the look i wanted. They go out of their way to give you what you want because they give you a money back guarantee. That's a huge thing. The lashes where the fullest extensions i ever bad. I got half minks and half silk. It tool about 90 minutes. I have gone 3 weeks. And have a fill scheduled at almost 4 weeks. I have never gone This long. My lashes look good still. I bad some damage from. My synthetic ladhes but i can see my naturals area returning with these new lashes. I'm sold. They offer a guarantee. In. Writing,  the ladhes feel better, look better, don't damage and last longer than my old ones. My fill at 4 weekend us 80 and i wash paying 60 every two weeks before.
