4	This was our first time, after hearing about it locally. Went this last Sunday around 11:30am, wasn't busy and found a table once we ordered.We each ordered our own mini size. The mini size (6"?) was perfect for my wife, however I felt slightly hungry afterwards. I went w/ the James Dillon and added mushrooms. My wife had the Calexico and she liked it a lot.  Price on the mini is very reasonable. The next size up is about $7 and is 11" which would be slightly more than some people can handle.Good selection of toppings. Had some good beers (bottled) and some on tap.  I think some wine by the glass but not sure where/what it was. I think a beer/wine glass was $4-5. Sodas are almost $2 but includes refills and they have nice looking iced tea and lemonade.Staff was friendly and says hello and goodbye as a group, to all patrons entering and exiting. You can order online too.FYI - these are thin crust pizzas, not thick or regular. Gluten Free Options Available!
5	I was very impressed with this place. I saw the sign on the building a few weeks before it opened, and I was curious because I had never heard of MOD Pizza before.MOD stands for Made On Demand. I would compare it to Chipotle, but for pizza. The price is determined by the size of the pizza. You can get any amount of toppings, and it's the same price.I had a MOD size (regular). I think they said it was 10 or 11 inches in diameter. The crust is thin, but not too crunchy or burned. I thought the crust was perfect. I had the Ulysses, which has garlic, mushrooms, mozzarella, parmesan, asiago, and gorgonzola cheeses. I added pesto and artichoke hearts. It was delicious. They also had a refreshing marion blackberry lemonade which I really enjoyed.
5	We love this place! My husband and I have been 2 days in a row. We love that you can add as many toppings as you want for one set price. And the lemonade is seriously to die for!! Everyone was so friendly and awesome. We have found our new favorite pizza joint!!
5	Went there by chance and loved it! Great pizza, great price. Service was on point and the patio is large. Loved that you can put what you want on the pizza with no worries about price.
5	This place opened earlier this month and it's already become one of our regulars. The pizza is delicious and the staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. Super impressed and excited to go back and try the lemonade another reviewer raved about!
5	We have been here 3 times now, and they just opened last week!!The staff is great, cool industrial feel, nice being able to watch them assemble your pizza. I like that you can get as many, or as much, toppings as you like-all for the same reasonable price. Great!!The gluten-free crust is delicious!!! My husband and daughter are GF. We have searched high and low for good GF pizza in Gilbert-and have finally found it!! It's so good we ALL get the GF crust now!! The salad is also customizable-add whatever you like-all the same price.They give free samples of milkshakes, have generous portions, good service-friendly and attentive. Love, love, love MOD!! Try it and see for yourself-you'll love it too!
5	Awesome pizza,  excellent service, and fast!!!!! Staff is very courteous and greet you when you walk in. MOD pizza and a soft drink just over $11 and they offer a public service discount ( military, police,  fire fighter)
5	This place has seriously good pizza, awesome atmosphere and great customer service. Thoroughly impressed for a gourmet fast pizza experience. Also, balsamic. Fig. Glaze...sooooooo good! :)
5	Great pizza, fast and friendly service. Highly recommend.
5	Can't wait to return! Staff was BEYOND friendly, helpful, and polite (Cafe Rio could take a lesson). The process was simple and quick. Next thing you know, we have our own personal pizzas! Fresh pizza and a drink for 2 for only $11.95!? Can't beat that. We can not wait to return.
5	This is my favorite restaurant after just one visit! The pizza is fast and great pizza! Unlimited toppings. Lots of flavor. The Gm (Brian) was there and really friendly. Got to talk to him for a while. Salads, cheese bread, cinni-bread! It's all good. Highly recommend!
5	Our new favorite place! The pizza is so good and the staff is friendly and efficient.  Great food,  great service  -  we will be eating there a lot!  :)
5	Can't wait to go back! What a great addition to Gilbert. First and foremost, they have orange blossom beer on tap. That's right, ORANGE BLOSSOM ON TAP. In Gilbert. I mean come on! That would be enough for me to go back even if the pizza was just mediocre, but it's not! It's FANTASTIC. Wood fired, build your own using as many toppings as your heart desires (all for the same price!) and the service is top notch. The general manager even came over and introduced himself and told us to let him know if we needed anything. We will be back for sure!
5	Ownership cares what customers thinks, much respect. Believe they fixed the hours on Yelp as well. Here now, and they are super fast and FRIENDLY. Love this place. Greet you when you walk in, even when theirs 20 people in line. Pizzas are spot on each time. Best part, AFFORDABLE! we each get our own PERSONAL pizzas and drinks for $13!! Can't beat that.
5	Ahhhhmazing pizza!! We had the Maddy, and a pizza with garlic, pepperoni, mushrooms, and black olives, and garlic sticks. Everything came out quickly and the pizza and garlic sticks were so good! The marionberry lemonade was fantastic as well. Place was busy, but that's expected for a Friday night. Staff was friendly and efficient. We will definitely be going back soon.
5	Just made our first trip to MOD Pizza...It was fantastic!It's got a great atmosphere, industrial feel, with great service and the pizza was delicious. The staff is friendly and enthusiastic. It was pretty busy on Saturday afternoon, but that's to be expected with a restaurant that just opened and is getting great reviews....it was worth it. It was packed!You can basically create any pizza you can imagine with all of the toppings/combinations to choose from.....and they have beer :)Check this place out and you won't be disappointed.
5	Fantastic pizza and very quick too! First visit and we will be back for sure...love the local beer touch!
5	Best pizza ever!!! Yummy fresh ingredients, make your own, portion sizes are perfect. Staff is amazing and I'm going back again today for lunch. I'm on a program and their calorie content fits right in!! Have fun with it!! Yay MOD
4	Pretty good pizza at a pretty good price. We would come back here again. I really liked the balsamic drizzled pizza I had. The Olivia, I think it was? I removed the tomatoes but other than that, it was great. Unique pizza that I haven't seen or had anywhere else.  Overall, the service was friendly and the price was very good.
5	Really enjoyed picking my own personal pizza ingredients. Pizza is cooked in brick oven and is very tasty. Salads are made over a pizza crust and really good too. This is a great concept and idea for a pizza place.
4	Walked in, and they greeted us at the door. The person at the counter was trying to explain how it worked, not very well but we can read, so it wasn't hard to figure out. Putting the pizza together was slow and disorganized. We got there right before the lunch crowd and I'm glad because I wouldn't want to wait in that line as they fumbled around trying to put the pizzas together. That being said, the food was great and priced well. I put the slow line/assembly as they have only been open a week and it should be better. You can tell they were all new people. It would have been 5 stars if that was fixed. Seating was also not that great, but ohh well. Had a chicken, ham, mushroom, olive, tomato pizza and my lady had mushroom and ham. Crust was thin and crispy. Cheese was good, toppings were good. Next time I will do something a bit weird like a siracha chicken or something like that.
5	Love this place!  Great price for an 11 inch personal pizza. I had the Caspian and it was really good!  This is our new favorite pizza place. Great vibe here too. Kind of industrial. Love the music here. It's like the old ska/punk I used to listen to back in the 90's. Management is awesome. Good job Brian!
5	Food is amazing and the service is top notch! It nice to come to a restaurant were the people actually serve you with a smile!!
5	BEST IN GILBERT!  We love this place.  'Nuff said!The food is outstanding.  The quality & selection of ingredients is out of this world.  The fact that I can make a pizza in any way possible blows my mind.  Today I had chorizo, mushroom, pesto, red sauce - topped off with a little gorgonzola, parmesan, and mozzarella.   Yes ... The best part is the service and the management.  The GM Brian and the rest of the staff are like old friends &  out of their way to make sure your MOD experience is exceptional.   You won't believe it, but that kind of service makes the pizza taste even better.
4	I really like MOD Pizza, plus the staff is incredibly nice! Okay, a Chipotle-style pizza joint in Gilbert?! Sign me up!I love that you get to choose whatever you want and the prices are ridiculous for a pretty good sized pizza. The ingredients are always fresh, they're constantly changing things up on the recommended menu, and they even offer gluten-free crust, which isn't always the case for trendy pizza joints.When they get busy, I can see how things can get a little wonky with getting the right pizza out to the right customer - I ordered a pizza, but they accidentally gave it to someone else with a similar pizza. I ended up getting a replacement pizza immediately, plus they gave me a coupon for 2 FREE pizzas the next time I came in! Great customer service!- 4 stars for the service, staff, and quality + tastiness of the food. - Minus a star for their delivery/output system.
5	We tried this place for the first time last night. We were VERY impressed! The whole concept is awesome. We all like our pizzas a different way and MOD Pizza makes it easy for each of us to get our pizza just how we like it. They give you all the choices of ingredients anyone would eat on their pizza and the ingredients were fresh. The atmosphere is casual and very laid back. The employees looked like they were having a good time. We fed a family of three, including drinks and an appetizer for $33. It is our new favorite pizza place!
4	THE CHIPOTLE OF PIZZA! Love this place. Originally all over Seattle Washington and now in the desert!
4	The Chipotle method of pizza. Pick a size ($4.47 mini or $7.47 regular) then head down the line for unlimited toppings included. Fired up in the oven for you in just a few minutes. They also do two salad sizes down the line the same way. Unlimited fountain sodas, iced tea and some really sweet lemonade.
5	Very impressed! Great atmosphere and very good pizza. Surprisingly fast turn around after ordering. I got the Calexico pizza with a few modifications because I'm a big baby with spicy food. The girls at the front of the line were friendly and enthusiastic in helping me get what I wanted. The place is very clean and well put together. The dining room a bit on the small side but there is outdoor patio seating that will be nice when the temperature drops below 139 degrees. Above all and most impressive to me was the staff. They seemed genuinely happy to be there and in making sure you enjoyed the experience.  Get there. Get some. Do it. I will be back soon. P. S. Try out the lemonade selection. Outstanding.
5	I worked at a pizza place while in college and I loved making my own pizza for my meal breaks, I made it exactly how I liked it. This is the feel I had at MOD Pizza. The flavor of the pizza was great, it was made quickly and to my specs, and good pricing. All of the kids loved it too. We will definitely be coming back.
4	Great concept, good food, friendly staff.I ate at a direct competitor on a recent trip to Portland (pieology), which just didn't match the ingredients available at MOD (no roasted red peppers?  WTF?)I give it 4 stars because, as a native New Yorker, I'm a bit of a pizza snob and this just isn't NY pizza...still really good though.Based on some other reviews, I tried the lemonade...and that $h!t was damn good!If you have a slightly bigger appetite, try the Mega, it's a double crust pizza with a layer of sauce and cheese between the 2 crusts...like a stuffed crust pizza, I dig it.
5	I have been back to MOD about 6 times since they opened. Every time I go, the line moves quickly and the food is consistently good. They have an online ordering feature on their site, so it's nice to have the option to order online and run in to pick up the pizzas as well. MOD has become my go-to spot for pizza.
5	I LOVE MOD Pizza!! The pizza I got was amazing and the service was great!! I am definitely coming back!
5	I love this place; Their black raspberry lemonade is delicious, and the pizza is awesome! Its quick, really cheap, and absolutely delicious!
4	One of the best pizza deal around. Price is very affordable and unique  first time got it to go. Pulled the menu online. Got the mad dog. When I picked it up and went to pay it was just over 7$. And it was loaded. Thin crispy crust  very good.
5	New place and we LOVE it!. The flavor of the pizza and toppings are great. They are quick, priced great and friendly staff. First time we chose one of their suggested pizzas. It was good but we were still a little hungry so we purchased a small personal size one. That combination filled us up. We went again and both hubby and I got a personal size. He put more ingredients on his and was filled up. I put less and could have eaten another slice or two. The third time we went we tried the double crust and were stuffed! My only complaint about this restaurant is the indoor seating is very limited. There is lots of outdoor seating and come cooler weather I am sure it will be adequate for diners. I love the crisp thin crusts and their staff is the BEST!
5	I've been dining at Mod Pizza weekly since it opened -- every Friday.  In fact, Friday's are official dubbed, "Mod Pizza Friday" -- that's how great Mod Pizza is.  Their staff is always friendly, helpful, and the pizza is ridiculously good.  If you're hungry, the Mega Mod may be too much (got that the first time).  The Mod is good enough for the average person.  For the little ones, get the mini-mod.  The salads are great too!  And the prices, for what you get, it's one of the best dining values in the area!!  See ya'll next Friday! :-)
5	Great pizza!! My husband and I shared the "Mod" sized pizza and we were able to pick what we wanted on our sides.  I had the marinara base with pesto and had the following toppings: pepperoni, spicy sausage, salami, olives, artichoke hearts,banana peppers, parmesan, and asiago cheese!! I did go a little overboard on the toppings but you get a little greedy when it's UNLIMITED TOPPINGS!!!!  With that said  the crust remained nice and crispy! We will be going back soon!
4	I really want to give them 5 stars. My only problem was not even the fault of the employees. Their website gave me wrong directions because of a typo. Other than that, great pizza. Employees are spectacular. I saw the dude with a beard and knit hat  talking with some kids while they waited. Employees get 5 stars. I T department gets 3. Food gets 1 billion stars. Thanks guys
5	This is the 4th time I've been here and every time the food, the customer service, and the vibe are superb. You make your own pizza (like the Subway of pizza) which sounds like a recipe for disaster but it has yet to disappoint. Constantly great food. The employees are all super friendly, always giving service with a smile. The blackberry lemonade is to die for and the overall vibe is fantastic. Recommended no doubt
5	Great pizza for a good price. Get to add all the toppings you want for the same price. My wife and I can't always agree on a pizza but here we can get exactly want we want.
5	GREAT PIZZA! EVEN GREATER PRICES! The food was definitely worth the wait and every penny
4	I am impressed with MOD pizza.  I want to say that the only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is for the seating and comfort of the restaurant, but more about that later.MOD is a design your own pizza restaurant with just a few other offerings such as salads and milk shakes.  Think of it as a subway or Chipotle of pizza.  The menu is limited so if you don't want pizza, go elsewhere.  When we were there, the line was long and out the door so come at off times if you don't want to wait.  There is pretty much every type of topping you can think of.  The only topping they didn't have was green olives, which I would love if they added.  There are suggested pizzas but you are free to pick your own as well; just pick a sauce, a cheese, veggies, meats and finishes.  You are free to pick as much or little as you want and you pay the same price depending on what size you choose.  The prices are very affordable.  The pizza moves downy he line with you and then gets fired in a (coal, I believe) oven.  It takes about 5-7 minutes to complete and then voila, your pizza is ready.  The crust is a little bit like a lavosh crust, not a typical pizza crust, but still tasty.  I really enjoyed the pizza I made; red sauce with mozzarella, artichokes, mushrooms, black olives, basil and spinach with a pesto drizzle.  It was delicious.  We also shared a caesar salad which was good too.As far as seating, this is where I would love an improvement.  The seating areas are small with some high top tables and a few booths.  The problem is the boots are smack where the line is so you have people on either side of you watching you eat while they are standing on line.  It is pretty uncomfortable.  There is a patio outside with misters and wire patio furniture as well.  Not exactly comfortable, especially in the summer.  I just wish this restaurant was bigger with better seating.  This is not the kind of place I will bring my parents or grandmother for that matter as they won't find it comfortable.I can't wait to come back and try all the different combinations of pizza I can think of.
5	Gave them a 4, only because the place was hard to find via internet. Problem was fixed. So I'm changing it to a well earned 5. Gonna eat there today, so pumped.
4	Wow, this is really really good! I actually like the smaller pizza sizes because I can take my family out and we can each get our own pizza rather than bickering endlessly about what will or will not be ordered on the pizza. The quality of the pizza totally exceeded my expectations and I will definitely be back in the future. The only reason that I didn't give it five stars is that they have a very awkward seating arrangement where some tables end up being right next to the line to order. This means that you are eating your food while a group of people literally gawks at you from mere inches away. Just don't sit anywhere near the waiting line and you will be fine.
4	Good pizza plus good prices and good tasting, it is a little confusing if it's your first time..it's like a subway for pizza..don't recommend  the garlic strips (pizza dough with a crap ton of garlic on top)
4	Walked in here knowing it was a BYOPizza place but not much else. The place is pretty cool, priced low / inexpensive, tons of topping options, quick service, a couple wines and beers on draft. Great lunch spot. The shopping complex gets crazy busy most days, try to go on a Sunday when everyone else in the neighborhood is at church ;). 4/5 stars because the music was a little too loud (loved the music selection, just needs to be turned down so you can at least hear them call your name when your pizza is ready.
5	We went in late and we were still greeted with smiles and fantastic serves. Great pizza and salad. Thank you
5	My co-workers and I had lunch here at 1pm since I had never been. What a great concept. I had a mini Olivia (pesto, cheese, tomatoes and topped with balsamic glaze.) Perfect size for one and the pizza was great. I'm really picky about my pizza and will definitely be back. People complain about the parking but there's plenty of parking as long as you are willing to walk a few more feet. It's really not a big deal.
5	Excellent pizza, great concept. Brian came to check on us to see how everything was and while he was standing nearby, my sister announced she is expecting. We were all ecstatic for her, of course, including Brian. He brought free milkshakes to my sister, myself and my sister-in-law (we're all expecting) and gave us vouchers for free pizza. Great customer service, great place to eat. Looking forward to going back.
5	Good pizza if you are looking for a personal size pizza. I loved the fact I could build my own pizza and it was cooked right in front of me. and the price for the pizza is amazing. Good pizza for a good price.
4	True to habit, I checked out MOD Pizza based upon the Yelp reviews. I'll have to say, it is worth the chance and lives up to the reviews. One of the great things about this place is that no matter what you want on your pizza, it is still the same price. At other pizza joints if you add a few ingredients here and there your $10 pizza becomes $20. Upon delivery it looks like a frozen pizza.But, not MODs.Conveniently located off Market, this little place is in a really great location if you are shopping on the weekend and want a quick bite to eat. MOD has great service and you receive your food quickly. Both times I have gone to place a carry-out my wait time was super short. I will have MOD in rotation. No doubt about it.Check it out and enjoy the good eats :)
5	Soooo, went to check this place out because we were in this part of town and Yelp had this rated pretty high, and who can say no to Pizza?The whole plaza was pretty busy, but this store wasn't too bad.  We were first in line and reading some reviews on Yelp talking about unlimited toppings sounded excellent.  The staff were pretty friendly and I got to put whatever I wanted on my pie.  So for starters, since it's my first time, I got every meat and jalapenos (red sauce).  Pretty simple, but excellent at the same time.I got the normal Mod pizza (11 inches, pretty much a personal size) for $7.47 (doesnt sound too bad) and nothing else.  We waited probably almost 5 minutes and the pizza was already done.  The whole thing looked excellent.  The meats were pretty tasty (well, when their together they taste the same) and the crust was the perfect amount of crispy.   Good til the last bite.So overall, not the best pizza I've ever had, but with the choices of toppings you can put on it and with the price, it's definitely one of the best pizza places to go to.  Will go again
5	LOVE this place! My favorite quick and inexpensive pizza place around. Such a fun atmosphere, family friendly, and they are always so good to my 2 yr old son. I've been when its very busy and when its not so busy, they are always fast. Especially since they have to cook so many one by one. I LOVE that you can put as many toppings on as you want, and nothing costs extra. Very good prices. Awesome place, you must try it!
4	SO GOOD!First time here, and it is so good! The best way to describe MOD Pizza is a fancy Subway, but pizza. You make your own pizza to your liking. Personal size pizza with any toppings you want?! Who wouldn't want that! Even though it is so packed the staff was still very nice.The only downer is that the seating is horrible. The seating inside was "family style" seating, or you were on a stool looking out a window, not too bad, but is was so busy you couldn't hear anything. The outside seating is really large, but the tables are all ready falling apart. The table we sat at needs to be in the trash it was wobbling all over the place.We can't wait to go back... for carryout! Maybe we will try their fancy salads next time!
5	After living in Bellevue, Washington where Mod pizza is known for being one of the bests pizza places! I have happy to see that there was one it my area, so I immediately thought that I must go! After visiting Mod I was pleased to find out that the food is just as good as any other Mod I will become a regular!
5	I'll be going back for my third time in 3 weeks tonight. I live close by and decided to take my 5 year old to it for a "date" night. The plaza, like others have said, is busy and parking can kind of be tricky. They honestly could use some more space because it has been packed every time I have been there (Friday and Saturday nights). The line moves relatively quickly, about the same as a Chipotle. The food itself is pretty dang good. With your own choice of unlimited toppings, the type of pizza is truly up to you. The crust is thin and they don't go overboard on the sauce. I have a 2 and 5 year old who both loved it, maybe it was the promise of free milkshakes if they behaved (which yes they got thanks to "magic"). While I know the free milkshakes are most likely limited and just trying to promote families to come back, it worked!
5	Super Friendly Staff, fastest fresh pizza in the East Valley. But fast isn't all, it's also the best pricing for a custom 11" pie I've ever seen.  Probably should mention that it is also wildly delicious. There are several "kit" pizza's but all are customizable with a huge selection of delicious toppings.  Our son had a ball ordering his very own custom pizza made just for him, and since Mods are single sized, Mom & Dad didn't have to compromise. Definitely going to be our new pizza spot.
4	Went to Mod Pizza for the first time tonight with my son. We are both very picky about pizza so I wasn't expecting much. I am glad to say it was delicious!  Even my son loved it. All the toppings you want ant no extra charge was a plus, and love that they make it right in front of you. It only took about 5 minutes for them to cook and they were so tasty. They also have parmesian,  red pepper,  and oregano shakers at the tables, which was nice. Seating was a little awkward but not enough to keep us from eating there. Will definitely return :-)
5	I'm not sure who is going to win in the Civil War of the amazing flavor that just came from that pizza I loved it every minute of it
5	Great food for one price. Friendly staff. Darrin is our favorite pizza artist! This is our second visit in 2 days and it won't be the last!!
3	Odd place. The pizza wasn't bad, but they did forget my basil, worse the seating is extremely uncomfortable.
5	Awesome pizza and atmosphere.  Love the customer focus!
5	AWESOME. One of the best pizzas I've had in a while. One flat price per pizza size, get the toppings you want. Great taste, cooked in a brick oven, great atmosphere, great service.
4	I first saw the concept for this type of pizza place in San Diego called project pie. Mod pizza is pretty close but if they really worked hard and used really high quality ingredients and better soda selection, they'd be 5 stars just like project pie (see my review from earlier this year). Still, mod pizza is pretty good, and I'll probably be a regular.
5	Went there with my brothers in laws wife and sister. Loved that I could put as much of whatever I wanted on it make a truly customizable from the dozens of choices and millions of combinations. The lemonade was also delicious. Everything was fresh and could tell just my by looking at it. Can be really healthy depending what is put on it. Crispy crust good cheese.  I'll be going back there.
5	Best gluten free pizza I've ever had! So good that I've been here two days in a row. I just wish they would make the mini gf. I highly recommend MOD - yum!
5	Just tried this place. It's simple and quick. You make your own pizza or salad or you can pick off their menu. It was super delicious and I will definitely be coming back!
5	Love, love, love the Pesto Chicken pizza with mozzarella!! I can eat one daily! All my picky kids love the pizza too and the fact that you can choose the style of you want and the toppings! Salads look great too although I've never had one. Fresh!
4	We have been to MOD pizza 4 time now for a quick pizza and beer. We love friendly staff and the fact you can get any toppings on one pizza for less than $8. The pizza is tasty thin crust and is done by the time you find a place to sit, great for the price. San Tan beer was great but the wine need some more aging.Things Brian the manager could improve maybe change the seating inside very limited, floor needs a good mopping and outside metal patio furniture needs work to keep table from wobbling.
