2	I spotted this pet store while going to Ace Hardware and decided to check it out. The store stocks pet supplies with reptiles, fish, birds, and small mammals like rabbits and hamsters.I was sadly disappointed by the store. It seemed fairly clean, but the animals did not seem that well cared for. A few examples:- The hamster cage was sort of shoved haphazardly on the floor. The hamsters had just a flat floor in the tank they were in. Nothing to run around in to give them exercise or to climb up.- The bearded dragons seemed in too humid an environment with soil substrate which is the wrong substrate to use.- They have two leopard tortoise babies who were already showing signs of pyramiding and had nothing to eat but huge pieces of lettuce in their tank - no hay or nutritious greens.- Their iguana is on the floor in a standard aquarium tank. He definitely wanted something to climb. While we were there he kept jumping on the ceiling of his cage just to have something to do.I can't say much for the care of the fish or birds since I don't keep those animals (though their cockatiels seemed really happy), but I was saddened by the care of the other animals. They are having their basic needs met but not much is being done to keep them happy and well while they wait to find homes.
4	Just when I thought I had been to all the reptile stores in Arizona I expanded my range and found this place out in very East Mesa. There are a couple different types of reptile/fish stores, the very professional looking ones with special show cages (Arizona Reptile Center, Ocean Floor, etc) and those that keep most of their animals in ten gallon glass tanks on shelves (Exotic Predators and Prey come to mind) like this one. I do like both type of store, but there is something nice about having everything a little more organized. They had your standard bearded dragons and tortoises along with a decent selection of both fresh and salt water fish. As far as other exotics go they had some parrots and cockateils and a couple chinchillas as well. One thing I liked was that their individual pieces of wood (drift wood, cork bark) were all priced instead of by weight. This makes it a lot easier to know what your spending before you pick it out. On the day I stopped in here alone I saw cork bark at three different stores, one priced by the pound and one by the gram. Let's keep things simple, just weight it when it comes in and price it then.They did have a breeding room to the side and it looked like they were breeding some different things from your regular leopard gecko, corn snake, bearded dragon fare. One thing I believe I saw marked were some eggs for some Australian geckos of the genus Nephrurus. Very cool.
5	Best pet store, great friendly employees and give great advice and help.  They got great needs for my pet corn snake
4	The employees were very nice and friendly. The place is really clean and they have a few things I haven't seen at other pet stores. They have a two-headed red eared slider! He/she was cute. I've never seen one in person. He didn't look the healthiest but most two-headed animals don't live very long. He had a very small place to live in. It was a little sad but one of the employees said that they have had him for over a year. I liked the place just wish they had more betta stuff. They just had some plain looking bettas. Nothing special. But they had a bigger bowl to live in than most pet stores. They weren't in tiny cups and it looked like they were very well taken care of.
4	Small pet store with very little saltwater fish which is what I go in for. They have great prices if they have something your looking for.
5	I loved this place!  We were looking for a tortoise for our son and had gone to several other places like Petsmart and Petco.  We decided to try out this little place and were so glad we did!  Kirsten helped us and she was so knowledgeable about the tortoises and gave me so much information.  She showed us how to soak them and feed them and what is healthy on them  and what to look for if they show signs of sickness.  It was very clean.  I read the other review where it says she didnt think the reptiles were well taken care of.  I saw the opposite.  It was like all the animals were her babies and she cared for their well being.  She had her back door open with some cages set up in the doorway just letting those animals bask in the real sunlight.  The tortoise we got is 3 months old and was bred right there in the store. I like knowing where my pet came from and knowing they are born locally and not shipping from some other place.  I know that I will be able to use this place as a resource for anytime I have questions about our tortoises and what they need.  We will definitely be loyal customers.
1	Called this morning and was told they had what I wanted. I drove 45 minutes and opps "no, we don't have that."
4	Great prices and extremely knowledgeable. Sometimes the selections can be a bit thin, but I've gotten pieces there I've been unable to find elsewhere.
