5	This may be the nicest, most relaxing B&B my wife and I have ever stayed in.  We have stayed there about three times when we make an annual pilgrimage to Madison for a gardening conference at Olbrich.It's in a farm house lovingly converted to a B&B.  The owners are lovely, friendly people and excellent cooks too!  One morning we were the only couple at breakfast and the food was fabulous!!!Their dog was present while we had breakfast; that makes it seem more like home.  I wish that the llamas would come over to the fence so I could pet them.Check out their web site at speckledheninn.com
5	This place is fantastic. The owners are friendly and personable but not overbearing. Happy, their golden doodle dog, is the sweetest and most welcoming "greeter" on the planet, yet - again - not overbearing. Guests receive a lovely, multi-course gourmet breakfast, and the owner/chef cheerfully accomodated my request for a gluten-free, vegan meal! The grounds are lovely ... there are lambs and llamas (no joke!) ... one has use of a mini kitchen and a nice little guest hangout area, in addition to one's nice, homey room. We had a jacuzzi in our room. We had no qualms or problems during our stay, at all - this is the comfiest B&B ever!
5	My husband surprised me with a little getaway for my birthday and a wonderful stay at the Speckled Hen Inn B&B. We have some experience with B&Bs and this one is very nice. The Innkeepers are friendly, kind, and like others have said, not overbearing. It's located on a small farm that has sheep, llamas (or they may have been alpacas), chickens, a very cute dog named Happy, and some outdoor cats. The farm house where the guests stay is tastefully decorated. There is a nice living area and a library area where you can lounge about. There is also a mini kitchen you can use, if needed, with snacks. Our room was a very good size and it was neat and clean. We had a tv and dvd player with movies to choose from. I also noticed how nice and quite it was. 4 of the 5 rooms were filled while we were there and yet it was always very quiet in our room. The breakfast was wonderful! The owners are very good cooks and served us 2-3 courses for breakfast. Some of the food we ate, like the eggs and some fruits were straight from the farm. Free WiFi was another convenient bonus. If you're looking for a romantic getaway I would highly recommend staying at the Speckled Hen Inn!
5	This place is, amazing.  The owners are very welcoming, and when you eat breakfast it is like you are sitting in your parent's dinning room.  The room we stayed in was beautiful.  It had a huge shower/steam room, mini bar, great TV with satellite, fire place, and a bed that swallows you.  There are other features to this B&B other than the place itself.  As mentioned, there is the most amazing dog EVER here, properly named "Happy".  There are also a handful of amazing cats on the property that will gladly accompany you for a stroll on the property.  It's nice to hear that the B&B is also pretty sustainable.  All the food they make is pretty much from their farm/garden (fresh eggs, veggies) and anything that can not be grown on their property is from close by.  We have stayed at a handful of B&Bs but this one takes the cake.  I would recommend The Speckled Hen Inn B&B to anyone.  I couldn't even wait to leave our room to post this review!
4	We stayed in Madison Lakes rooms, it was beautiful - modern, comfortable, very well put together.  Being dog friendly was a great treat and we got to bring our 4 legged friend with us, who loved the stay.  The property is wonderful and the owners incredibly nice.  Breakfast was really great, a wonderful way to start the day.  The only reason I give 4 and not 5 stars is that it is somewhat close to the highway, which detracts from the tranquil nature of the property, though not enough to prevent me from staying again.
5	I should have left this review back in November when I stayed here with my parents - every time I look through our vacation photos I think about how much fun I had showing them Madison... and how we enjoyed where we stayed just as much.  Pat and Bob and Happy (their dog) were wonderful and their food was amazing.  They make many of the ingredients on their property (fresh maple syrup anyone?).  Would go back in a heartbeat.
5	By far the best B & B I have stayed in (I have stayed in about 5 in my life thus far). Huge breakfasts that were yummy and a lovely, relaxing atmosphere. My co-traveler and I honestly decided to stay in the inn rather than go into Madison on a Saturday night because it was that cozy. We are not 80 but in our late 20s/early 30s!You can hear the highway when you sit outside, but it's kind of like the sound of strong winds. It's hard to believe that the property is that close to downtown Madison, yet it's a farm. Although I like to try out different B & B's, just for different experiences, I would strongly consider staying there again for a weekend getaway.
5	My business partner and I stayed at the Speckled Hen by chance while on business in Madison.  All hotels were booked and we were lucky enough to get a room here.  I can't say enough about this B&B.  We were overly impressed with the Inn, the Inn Keepers, our rooms and the breakfasts OMG!!! Awesome ;)   I felt at home here, my room was extremely comfy and cozy and quiet.  Breakfast is served in your time and is one of my favorite parts of the stay.  Every morning its something new and exciting and Delicious!!!  The Inn Keepers and warm and friendly and the conversation was never dull.  I will stay here whenever I'm in Madison.  The price and the service go way beyond the cost of any hotel I've stayed in...  This place is a real find.  There are also hiking trails, farm animals, and an abundantly beautiful property.  If that isn't enough a good deal of what is served for breakfast is grown on the property.    To say it in one word, AWESOME!!!!!
5	This was our first B&B expierence and it was amazing! We stayed here June 2012 for a birthday weekend. The owners made us feel very special and right at home. Our room, the Madison Lakes Room, was huge and the bathroom was spectacular. I loved the steam shower! The property is large and a great place to take a walk during the day. They are also lots of outdoor seating areas to sit and enjoy the scenery or read a book. The breakfast was great, I think we had 3 courses a day of food. Pat makes a great breakfast and Bob provides good company during the meal. Their dog Happy is also a companion while you eat or walk the property. They do also have snacks in the lounge area for you to enjoy at anytime. There are sodas in the fridge and sometimes fresh baked cookies!
5	Inviting, comfortable, quite, homey, elegant, and friendly are words that come to mind when thinking of our stay at the Speckled Hen.  My wife and I came here for our anniversary and we were not disappointed with any aspect.   Upon arrival we were met by the Inn Keeper, Pat who gave us a warm welcome and brief tour of the gust areas and our room.   The guest area, or as they call it, the "gathering room" is very warm & inviting.   Here you can sit to meet with others, read a book, select a wine, or enjoy complementary drinks such as coffee, tea or soda with some light snacks available as well.   The freshly baked cookies are awesome.    There is also a computer to use if you wish and there are several binders and folders with local attractions or restaurants to try out.   Our room, the "Madison Lakes" was outstanding.  Large, and outfitted extremely well. You will not be disappointed.  There is a king sized bed, a gas fireplace, nice sized TV, with good cable channels, or use of a DVD (you can borrow DVD's from the gathering room), free wifi, a small fridge, sink, and two comfortable chairs to melt into.   The bathroom is ginormous, with a large whirlpool tub, a huge walk in shower complete with steam and rainfall shower head, all of it being very nice.   The grounds of the Inn is really a small farm, with fruits, veggies & fresh laid eggs that find their way into the ingredients for breakfast.    Around the far there are several trails to use, winding you past the barn, sheep, a lama and various beds for wild flowers, herbs and vegetables.   As my wife and I walked the grounds and headed back to the Inn, we passed a good sized gazebo which seemed to beckon us in for a look.  Inside there are a few comfortable chairs, wine cooler,  a DVD player (with aux connections) and some wine glasses just waiting to be used.   We sat in there for a while and we actually had plans on going out on the town.  However, this entire scenery before us was extremely relaxing... the woods, birds singing, farm animals grazing about, all made for an extremely, wonderful  relaxing environment we simply could not walk away from.   So, we concluded our evening by enjoying ourselves in this tranquil environment accompanied with some wine.    Ahhh... a very memorable time which we shall cherish for some time to come.   After a sound sleep and outstanding shower, we headed to breakfast where we dinned with two other couples who clearly were enjoying their stay as well.  The breakfast freshly made by the Inn Keepers, Pat & Bob, is made up of several courses; fruit, scones, beacon and eggs, all of which was eaten with delight and a perfect ending chapter of our stay at the Speckled Hen Inn B&B.  The attention given by the Inn Keepers, Pat & Bob is perfect.  They have really taken care of many of your needs in advance simply by setting up the Inn & Grounds really well.  They are both attentive and engaging while at the same time not being overbearing.   They really do have it well balanced!   Obviously, my wife & I will be checking back in here again.  So, if you are looking for a place to get away from to unwind, (which is only a short drive from the Capitol Square) or in need of some quite time, then this is the place for you!   Thanks Speckled Hen, for such a relaxing time and creating some wonderful memories!!!
5	This place was wonderful all around. I would return and I would recommend. It is a bit higher price point, but it is such a great space it is worth it. If you are looking to get away, relax, have a romantic weekend, enjoy nature, this is a great place. If you just need a place to sleep you might want something less expensive (unless you can afford it). The first floor of the house is very clean and neat, but has a very comfortable and cozy feel. There is a small kitchenette stocked with coffee, tea, cold drinks and lite snacks. If we stayed longer I could see relaxing down there enjoying a glass of wine, playing a game or reading. There is a nice selection of wine available to purchase so you don't even have to go out. Our room was very nice. King sized bed, robes, our own deck with a great view of the sheep. The bathroom had a big Jacuzzi tub and a large duel-head shower. We enjoyed glasses of champagne on the deck before heading out to explore and hike around their land. He had dinner downtown Madison which was an easy drive to and from. When we returned we were happy to have the fireplace in our room and cozied up with some of freshly baked cookies left out for guests. Breakfast was delicious. Farm fresh eggs from their hen's, herbs from the garden and all the other ingredients were local. We had good conversation with the other couple staying there as well as the owners.Great place!
5	My husband and I were looking for a unique place to stay for our anniversary. We had looked into some area hotels but, the website of the Speckled Hen Inn B & B was very inciting and truly sparked our interest to try it.  SO GLAD WE DID!!From the moment we were greeted by one of the owners, we felt welcomed and comfortable.  Beautifully clean, decorated and comfortable.  The room we chose was amazing....the privacy, quiet and relaxation was just what we wanted and loved.  (luxurious bedding, tub and shower)Breakfast was truly delicious and thoughtfully prepared.  Just one other couple was staying at the same time as we did and it was fun and interesting to have breakfast with them and the owners Pat and Bob.Love their "greeter" Happy the dog...he is just as his name says...Happy (sweet and friendly too).We were sad to go and look forward to coming back in the near future for more than just an overnight.If you have never experienced staying at a B & B, THIS is the location to try.  Once you stay here other's will pale in comparison.Madison WI is a neat city to investigate and is well worth the trip up North.....Thanks to Pat and Bob...your doing a wonderful job...keep it up!
5	Bob, Pat, and Happy made my stay memorable and enjoyable! I stayed in the Token Creek room which is located on the ground floor. The room was so comfortable and clean! There was a little plate of cookies waiting for me along with water and a tiny bouquet of fresh flowers. I loved waking up and opening up the blinds to look out on the little farm that they own. It was so peaceful! The Inn is also centrally located (it took me 15 minutes from the time I left their inn to drop off my rental car and get through security at the airport) even though it feels like you're in the country. I don't think I left a 10 mile radius while I was there and was able to see everything I wanted. Every breakfast was phenomenal. Bob smoked the breakfast meats himself, ham one day and bacon the next. The eggs came from their chickens, the cheese and cranberry juice were also sourced from Wisconsin. I love eating local! We had some great conversations about food, wine, work (pre-running the Inn), entrepreneurship, and owning your own dream business. Last but not least, they're golden doodle, Happy, made me happy every time I saw him. If I wasn't flying home I might have tried to steal him. ;o) I will be recommending this Inn to anyone who is traveling to or through Madison!
