5	5 Stars for what it is...Dairy Queen! Who doesn't like a Blizzard? Fast and Yummy. In and out with a Blizzard Meal Deal. I was spoon fed a Hawaiian Blizzard on the drive home...it doesn't get much better than that.
4	Of all the Dairy Queens I've been to in my life in CA, TX and now AZ, this is the nicest and cleanest location I've been to. I guess that's what happens in Awhatukee.The staff is fast when you order inside and also when you order through the drive thru.I could eat Chicken Finger Baskets and Blizzards all the time! I'm happy to live so close to this location and enjoy all the wonderful treats this place has to offer.
4	I had not been to this location since they remodeled the inside it's really clean and nice... Friendly staff I was impressed. I ordered the chicken finger basket it comes with fries and two pieces of toast... For the sauces I went with the honey mustard and the gravy... I rate the food as followed.Chicken Fingers - BFries - BToast - D Gravy - BHoney Mustard - BI will be back again for lunch plus I really wanted a blizzard.
2	I was craving Dairy Queen for quite awhile.  When I finally went I was wondering what I wanted it so badly for?  I ordered a grape freeze.  The icey slush mixed with soft serve vanilla.  It was was so mediocre.  I felt like I was wasting calories for the day.  If I want a treat I can think of such better/higher quality treats and ice cream.
3	Always a good stop for a blizzard. Service is friendly and fast.
3	I went here for dinner tonight after work since I was starving and haven't gone grocery shopping in God knows how long. First off it was really clean and everyone was friendly and service was fast.I ordered a chicken strip basket with gravy which was yummy. The fries kinda sucked but they always have been kinda blah here. I also ordered a large hot fudge sundae with extra hot fudge which was way over priced and not worth it. The hot fudge was sort of gummy and gross. Okay it was super gummy and gross. Not sure what was up with that, the sundaes at Sonic are half the price and a million times better.I'll definitely be back for the chicken strips, not so much for the ice cream.
4	Excellent service as always. Best swirl cones in town.
