4	It was in this store that I discovered Wolfstone and their "Not Enough Shouting" CD.  I enjoyed listening to this CD so much that I came back to Scotland with my wife to see them in concert.  For this selfish reason, I give this store four stars.Assume that the karma is good here and you'll discover music that you would not find anywhere else.  I don't know if this is true and it will be up to future reviewers to decide.  All I can say is that for me, the store was magic.
4	Having gotten all teary-eyed about my vinyl collecting days in another recent review, I'll try not to dwell too much on the formerly fantastic selection available here. What it had in quality, it gradually lost in custom sadly, and so HMV has lost one of the aspects that made it truly great.Still an excellent entertainment store, and fairly massive. Brilliant for DVDs, ok for games, and a bit pointless for music as you'll probably end up stealing it for free.
4	I always end up spending at least an hour in here milling around the DVD section. This store is pretty big allowing for a huge quantity of stock. I don't buy music because I steal it from my boyfriend, who is still old school and purchases all his music. But he usually manages to find what he's looking for, with the exception of some bands earlier albums which aren't so mainstream. My usual experience is with the DVD's. There is a section with all the major movies (and not so major) displayed in alphabetical order which makes hunting for Drop Dead Fred so much easier if you know the alphabet. I like the TV box set section as it has pretty much every decent TV show on DVD. I picked up The Wire here for 60 pound. Score. The staff are generally quite helpful. A staff member heard me comment on how shite Twilight was and we had an in depth discussion on how terrible it was.
5	I used to come to HMV all the time, but then they introduced a silly scheme instead of the student discount. T'suh!But I can't resist it. You can't really fault HMV, they have everything. And if they don't have it, they'll order it for you. The staff in this branch are what makes it special, to me anyway. They are so friendly and lovely! Often I feel that people trying to help you in shops are just doing it for their commission or whatever, but in HMV they genuinly want to help you. I was looking in the jazz section just the other day and one of the guys working told me to check out Eilleen Hunter, an 'upcoming and promising jazz artist' . You can't buy that sort of service!
4	Over the years, HMV (His Masters Voice) has gone through some changes.Let me explain. When I was first discovering my love for music, HMV was the one stop shop for just about everything - they had all the bases covered. Anything from the latest releases to the most obscure and odd bands you could think of - which was perfect for my extremly eclectic taste in music.Now however, with the advent of the DVD and music downloads, HMV seem to be dedicating far less space to actual music - what would have once been 95% music is now easily 60% DVD's in most cases.This HMV, however, seems to buck the trend - yes, there are still loads of DVD's, Blu-Rays, T-shirts, book and even a whole floor dedicated to computer games, but still the music is the main focus here. Spread across three floors, this is easily one of the most impressive HMV's I have ever seen - with firendly and helpful staff, and a vast range of just about everything - including the music.
4	If I'm interested in buying a new album or CD, I usually head for Unknown Pleasures, Avalanche or Fopp. Their choice of music is more eclectic and the shops have a better atmosphere. If I'm after a new DVD however, this HMV is one of my first ports of call. It has a whole floor dedicated to film with sections for everything from world cinema to thrillers, westerns and musicals. They even have a small selection of classic 50s and 60s kitchen-sink dramas like Saturday Night, Sunday Morning and The Loneliness of The Long Distance Runner. For those that prefer marathon sofa sessions, they also have a wonderful collection of British and American TV drama with box-sets of everything from The Sopranos and The Wire to Cracker and Our Friends in The North.
1	Such a shame this location is slated to close! Bye electronics!Bye discounted DVDs!Bye more jobs in Ed... :-(
3	HMV not sure if I'll miss you all that much. Personally I have always preferred FOPP but I like to have options so this I will miss. I am afraid of what the future holds when theres only one shop with a wide range of media to buy new music ,DVDs, etc.Whats next Waterstones?To be fair, I never really shopped at HMV unless I had a gift to buy that FOPP didn't have but now I am forced to buy it online I guess.
2	Not sure what the deal is but they are no longer closing. Really strange.
3	This place is still going? Hmm ok then.It hasn't change at all since I can remember. Walking in here, my senses were flooded with those triggers that take you back to a time and place. That time and place being my angsty teenage years, when I'd hang out in the high street of my hometown, and make the weekly pilgrimage to HMV to buy the newest single...and sometimes even an album.The smell of carpet and plastic. The sound of a heavy rock-ish song with a double-bass drum pedal turned up too loud to give the solid impression of youthful disdain and disgust at anything less than LOUD NOISES. Too loud to distinguish the song. The look of the rows and rows of cd racks, holding cds and dvds with the artist name of film title in white sticker with BLOCK CAPITAL BLACK LETTERS. The staff who are eternally punky, all ear tunnells and dyed hair. There's even still the sound of the posters, as people browse through Nirvana to smiling cat posters, the clatter of the plastic frames as someone flicks through quickly. These are the memes of my teenage years.I came back in here this weekend past for some DVDs. Sometimes you can't beat a good DVD. It seems that the majority of the store is now dedicated to this. Gone is the top singles area, and the swathes of CDs. Not much else has changed though. In a way, I hope it stays.  A final hurrah against the amazon era. But it's really quite a soulless, packaged memory all the same.
