1	I am a fan of the 500 club and often visit this course as a break in scenery from my home MVCC course.  Today, however, was by far the most unpleasant experience I have had at the 500 club.  I do not often play late twilight hours, but today, I was invited by three colleagues to play your course, so I obliged.  We arrived and checked in at 6 pm.  We purchased our round, ($28) and proceeded to play, or try to play nine holes.  For the most part, the round was enjoyable, despite not having any beverage or drink service in triple-digit temperatures, but that was not a concern for us.  What concerned me and why I am writing today is because of the rude manner in which we were treated trying to rush our round with approximately 1.5 hours of sunlight remaining.  They wanted to close up shop early and did not inform us of that fact.  After a certain time, only teenagers run the golf course and do not understand long-term market share or basic customer service principles, which pay their hourly wage.Nevertheless, we were rudely escorted off to the club house and not even allowed to drop our bags off at the bag drop area.  I've heard of some pretty bad golf experiences with post-round play, but this one takes the cake.  Absolutely unacceptable to be mistreated in this manner.  We would not have mind if we were politely asked to finished or if we would rush our play to finish by 7:30 p.m., but instead, we were forced and guided back to the club house like a bunch of kids (all four of us are successful executives working with fortune 500 companies in Arizona).  More so, this would have been acceptable had we known to return the carts by 7:30 p.m.  Why would the pro shop employees sell us a round at 6 p.m. without informing us that the carts had to be returned at 7:30 p.m.?  To communicate the time expectation with two holes remaining in the round is absurd.  That important factorial is beyond me, but not the root cause of our complaint with this customer service -- it was the manner in which we were treated after receiving this new information and forced off of the course. Sadly, I have been playing here for quite some time, but after my experience this afternoon, I will find it hard to return when there are much better courses in Arizona who will not only provide exceptional greens, but an exceptional experience in-and-out of the pro shop.
4	I like this golf course - its challenging from the tips (not so much from the whites) and has a few holes that play through the mountains and has some nice elevation changes and they keep the greens in good shape. Its a good value in the winter (seems a little pricey in the summer) and the pace of play is good (this is super important to me). I have been there for some 4.5+ hr rounds, but overall the pace is good, and they have a ranger out there trying to keep people moving. The restaurant is limited in what they offer but I don't care because when I'm golfing, its always a hot dog and their hot dogs are damn fine. They also have a 9 hole executive course that I have not played but looks very kid friendly.
4	It is very tough to find a course on the west side of the Valley that is not surrounded  by houses.  I can't even think of one in fact.This is a nice desert course and the is not a single hole were you have to worry about hitting someones home.This is NOT to say that the course is easy, but it is always well cared for and one less thing to worry about while on the tee-box is a good thing for me.
5	Great course on the north side of town. They do a great job keeping the course maintained and are constantly putting money back into the course. If you need Lessons see GW. I have taken lessons from several people but no one has ever changed the way i think about the game like GW. By the time I finished my first set of 5 lessons I had cut a consistent 10 strokes off my game with no doubt. GW is one of a kind.
1	The proshop staff should be more polite when answering the phone.. leaves a bad impression no matter how nice the course is! Plus....clean your restrooms for crying out loud, they smell like urine.
2	Let me start by saying the course is in great condition, great layout, and overall a really fun track to play. What takes away from the course is the complete lack of customer service inside the pro shop. Can't even call it customer service. Just a couple of real miserable guys with the personalities of door knobs.
