5	I can't live without my Sprouts!  We went there tonite and got some of our staple foods like fresh berries, juices, kefir, fruits, milk and some other fun stuff like dark chocolate bars, hummus and pita bread. And then we passed by the bakery section...Blueberry Pie!  Oh, yum.  Want, gotta have.   Who can resist?  Sold!  So got home, had a slice - warmed up, with a glass of milk.  That just hit the spot.  Now, I know I will sleep well tonite.  Thanks Sprouts!
5	After just moving here from Hawaii and enjoying as close to the source produce as it gets(3-4 growing seasons year round), I have come to love the organic fresh produce at Sprouts.  Their store is spacious and always has a good smell and ambiance.Reading some other reviews about this one and yes, their usual customers are the elderly, sometimes not so friendly but I was just in the other day and got some positive vibes from them.  Luckily the grumpy attitudes don't rub off on the cashiers and stock clerks who always seem to be in a great mood and would love nothing else but to help you find what you're looking for.Regarding the fish comment from Kevin H., I must say he is on point with that one but the farm raised Salmon I bought the other day came out so tender and beautiful it just had my father and I going back for more filets.  I try to grab their weekly and monthly flyers because they have great deals on great products, even the specialty ones.  I make Sprouts my weekly outing  sometimes even twice a week for the things for the super fresh ingredients.  I love this store and I like it raw!
3	I like Sprouts...don't get me wrong...but something about this location just flat out sucks at times.The parking in this lot is one of the worst things about this place.  It is conveniently located right next to a 99 cent only store, which means a buttload of traffic on its own.  The trick for this store is to park on the side of the store, located near the dry cleaner's and pizza shop.  You don't have to deal with all the crazy old people, crazy young people, and kids running around the parking lot.Secondly, this store is always ridiculously busy.  I mean, seriously, wth?  I have noticed that many customers can be rude if your cart happens to be in the way of their shopping experience.  There are old people everywhere...no joke.  Of all the Sprouts, this one tops the notch for customers 60+.The variety and selection is great at this store.  This is the reason I continue to come back.  Fresh produce.  Amazing brats.  Wide selection of baked goods, breads, etc.  The best granola in town.  Lots of little unique things.  I wish that they provided a little bit more selection in terms of fresh meat behind the counter.  It always seems like they have the same items to select from each time I go.  I have not purchased any fish from this location yet, but I did notice that they have cajun catfish on a regular basis, which ROCKS in my book.  Still yet to try it.Also, I really like the meat selection.  When the meat is on sale, I buy it up.  Most of the time their meat is comparable in price to other grocers, and the cut and quality is much better.  For instance, I make homemade pollo asada with boneless/skinless chicken thighs.  When I have purchased this cut of meat from other competitors, it is poorly cut and has loads of fat on it.  When purchased from Sprouts, it is nicely packaged, minimal fat, and good cuts of meat.I also really appreciate the variety of specialty meats, like their bison special or veal.  I always like to try new meats and spruce up the feasts in my kitchen.Another downfall to this location is the cashiering/check out.  The lines are ALWAYS long and it seems like I wait in line nearly 10-15 minutes each time I am there.  I ALWAYS get carded, even when it is the same person who checks me out each time.  Do they not have that personal touch to remember my face or previous conversations?  I am a tad disappointed in this.  I also noticed that I frequently am not greeted when I leave or thanked after my purchases.  For a grocery store of this genre I expected much more.In either case, I like Sprouts.  There food and selection deserves 4.5 stars, but the remaining aspects I wrote about drag my rating down considerably.
4	sprouts.. i love it and hate it.. i always end up stopping by on the days where ads overlap.. =/
3	08/12/10Stopped here for a bite to eat while considering car-buying negotiations nearby.  I've never tried any of the custom-made sandwiches at a Sprout's deli before, but they were highly recommended by another Yelper, and today was the day!  I ordered one w/ roast beef, lettuce, tomato, and mayo on Sprout's own whole wheat bread.  It was just what I needed, and to think it only set me back $2.99 plus tax!  Unfortunately, this particular whole wheat bread was made w/ grain vinegar (read "corn"), so I can't have it anymore.  If I could've substituted other bread brands (I'd pay an upcharge for this option), I'd gladly rate this experience 4 stars!Cheese and chips cost extra, but not much!
4	I love love love this place. I come here everyday during the week and get my lunch sandwich for $4. Can't beat a healthy meal like that everyday. I shop here all the time every since i watched "food Inc" and started eating heathier. I get my coffee which is amazing and cheap. Also i get my fish oil supplement pills here too. Oh and i love their DHA omega-3 milk here too. I would have given this place 5 stars BUT it does have one downside. Only one though!This sprouts is the farthest sprouts west AKA closest one to sun city. So people please be aware when you a parking you're vehicles. There are a TON of old folks here. Thus the lines at the registers tend to be pretty long as you can imagine. I have talked to some of the employees that work  here and sprouts is planning on building another location actually in sun city/ surprise area so that will lighten the load on this one but that much be some time because of the economy. Besides that, it's a AMAZING place. Pls support and support local businesses!
5	I would say that Sprouts is one of the nicest grocery stores I have been in. When I say nice, I mean it's organized, clean and employees friendly people. Fifty percent of my shopping list is here, so I make the trip at least once a week. I would strongly suggest DOUBLE AD WEDNESDAY!!! Wonderful selection of Gluten Free products, organic produce and don't forget the beer and wine!
4	Love this place!  I am in here once per week buying organic fruit, seeds and nuts.  They also have the best chicken breasts ever (big and firm, just the way i like them) :)
4	Great produce at a fantastic price. The quality of produce is far superior to the chain grociery stores such as Safeway and Fry's. This store is a little too small and it's really congested inside and outside the store.
4	Great place for hippies, do-gooders and at this location an inordinate amount of old folks. I love the deli here. always a great sandwich at a good price. Although I don't see myself buying anything "soy" or "organic" or hippie friendly here I do like to shop here from time to time.
3	This was the very first Sprouts I shopped at and I was lucky enough then to pick a good day for veggies and it made a believer out of me.  This store is normally out of the way for me but I happened to be out on the 101 heading home so I stopped in to do my shopping.  It is still one of the most crowded locations and on a Saturday afternoon there was hardly room to maneuver a cart.  There is some manager discretion in layout so I had trouble finding a few things on my list but in the end I filled the list.  Now that my local store has figured out how to keep fresh stuff in stock I am glad I don't go to this one very often.
4	I go here for the three dollar sandwiches.  You can't beat the price, especially for a prepared sandwich with fresh ingredients.  I will be back soon!
3	Went to the Sprouts on 83rd ave. and Thunderbird today for the first time. I wasn't overly impressed. I wanted to get a number of items but just stuck to the produce. I browsed the meat and sea food counter and noticed the selection was limited and more expensive as were the canned and packaged goods. The bakery area was also limited in selection but the breads looked and smelled delicious but price point was a little too steep for me. Not their fault though. Produce seemed to be of a little better quality than Fry's but you pay a little more. Purchased a stalk of celery, a red onion, 1 bunch of Cilantro, 3 avocados, 4 jalapeno peppers, 6 or 7 Roma tomatoes, 4 apples, 2 lbs. of bananas and a dozen eggs. The total was $11.73. Not too bad but with limited selection and not on my regular beat probably won't be back.    Well....maybe for the Artisan bread!
4	Sprouts is a great place to get awesome produce without it costing an arm, a leg, and your firstborn child *cough*wholefoods*coughcough*. The thing I like about this Spouts in particular is the staff. They are friendly and helpful, and I always feel welcome here. I once had a produce guy tell me just how to pick a ripe watermelon, when he saw me awkwardly trying to look like I knew what I was doing. The downside is that their other products can be pricey, and you won't find much variety. I think that for the most part that's ok. I wouldn't want a Walmart type of experience, but sometimes it's frustrating when they don't have what you want. Great selection of bulk items including spices. I like that I can buy a pinch of a spice so I can try it before buying a lot of something I won't use again.Time your shopping trip so that you can avoid the Sun City crowd. I've had some close calls in that parking lot more than once. No joke!
5	I love Sprouts and I feel fortunate to have one so close to my house. The quality and price of the produce make it worth the trip alone. The meat and cheese is fresh and the sausage made in house. The store is well lit and clean. Some of the supplements and health care products are expensive but still a better deal on average then Whole Foods.
4	Sprouts is fantastic if you prefer to eat whole natural and organic foods and don't have the time or the money to get to the real Farmer Market all the time. Sprouts is definitely not a true farmers market, but it is as close as you can get while still having all the benefits of a traditional grocery store. Sprouts is also a great alternative to Whole Foods for those of us on a budget!
5	It's a supermarket. 5 stars? Really? This review is about the service and staff at this particular Sprouts.  Every single employee here acts professionally and is very helpful. People seem to actually enjoy their job and it gives this store a vibe that I haven't felt at other locations.As for Sprouts in general. The bulk pantry area, spices, and coffee beans are a great place to get some of our staples that cost far more at other stores. And the sandwiches are a great deal if you want a filling lunch that isn't a grease bomb. If more grocery stores were like this Sprouts, I'd enjoy shopping more!
5	Never ever disappointed when I come here.  Love Sprouts and can't wait till they open that new location on 67th ave and deer valley!!!
3	Sprouts is a pretty good place to grocery shop.  The best place I have found in this area so far.It was disappointing to walk into a store with a name like "Sprouts- Healthy, Natural, and Organic Grocery store" and see that about 80% of the produce section was not organic and to see several products containing high fructose corn-syrup.  I was surprised to see how small the organic produce section is in relation to the size of the non-organic section and was a bit disappointed that some of the produce for which I was shopping was not available in the organic variety. They do have a large selection of high-quality and natural foods as well.  You just have to make sure to do a lot more label-reading than you would expect to have to do in a "Healthy, Natural, and Organic Grocery Store." They are thoroughly mixed in with non-healthy, unnatural, and non-organic items.Also pretty disappointed to see the cashier automatically start loading up my groceries in plastic grocery bags.
5	We've been shopping at Sprouts since it was Sunflower, and while there was a bit of shuffling during the transition, it seems that they've smoothed out all the wrinkles now. I don't know if this store was originally a Sunflower or if it's always been a Sprouts. The produce is excellent quality and pretty affordable.
5	Sprouts, in particular this location, has become my favorite grocery store to shop at over the last 2 years. I visit this Sprouts at least once per week, sometimes more, to shop for everything from fresh produce to frozen items to vitamins. I have to say that since it has been remodeled it looks even better on the inside. I love how bright and open this Sprouts is, especially in comparison to places like Trader Joes (don't get me wrong, I love them too). The customer service here is great too! I have had to return a few things over the last year because it is moldy when I open it, or in one case it did not taste good, and they gave me a refund without any hassle. What prompted me to write this review is that last week I went in for the 25% off vitamin sale. Some people take it QUITE seriously and drop $400 in one sitting. I just wanted to get the discount on lotion, lipgloss, and soap. I was indecisive and was shopping until after 10pm when they were closed. Still, the man in the vitamin department went out of his way to help, he was SUPER friendly, made a recommendation, and also wrote me a rain check. Between the sales, specialty selection (such as gluten free, vegan, organic), and customer service I cannot recommend this store enough. I am a lifelong shopper!
3	Sprouts is my go-to grocery & health food/vitamin store, they have all the affordably priced organic produce I need plus lots of other great natural items.  This location is my least favorite. Nothing to do with the people working, they are always very helpful but the parking lot is always a mess.  If I come here it's usually right as they open because that is the only time it's not a zoo.
5	Love the variety and great freshness the staff is always very friendly and smiling always willing to help...i love to go in and get fresh fruit and vegetables. ..can't go wrong with anything that they sell...Go in and experience how all grocery stores should be
3	I like their veggies and fruits, but their meat department needs work. Seems like they never have enough workers scheduled and so they frequently run out of meat on display, so the meat cutter has to prepare it fresh, which takes 10-15 minutes. It would be better if they had more people scheduled in the meats so they could provide better, quicker customer service.
