5	I just got home from getting my eyebrows waxed by Ann Reed -- http://waxingbyann.com/I was a first time client -- so I received my first eyebrow wax free of charge.  By the way, if you're a first time client she will do this for you, too! ANN WAS AMAZING.  Not only is her location convenient and easy to find parking, her service room is adorable, welcoming, and clean.  The music she played was so relaxing and the wax she used felt amazing.  It didn't hurt AT ALL and was the perfect temperature.  Ann was very conversational, and made it feel like I had been going there for a while.  She took her time to make sure my eyebrows were perfect and let me tell you -- they are now!! I have been getting my eyebrows waxed since I was 16.  My go-to place was in Flagstaff -- but my usual lady left on maternity leave about a year or two ago and ever since I have not been able to find someone good.  I was finally referred to Ann and now I'm wondering why the heck did it take this long to find her?! She's the best -- better than my go to in Flag was!! For the first time ever I have the correct starting points, ending points, and angles to my eyebrows.  I never thought this would be possible to achieve without the addition of makeup.Thank you Ann!!! And I highly recommend her to ANYONE!!!
5	Ann is amazing. Whatever you have done by her, you leave the salon feeling like a million bucks!! Always makes your day.
5	I called Ann as a new client and she went out of her way to fit me in with my time constraints. I was so happy that I met her. I needed my eyebrows waxed and I am really particular about it.  SHE DID AMAZING!!  I will be going back and will recommend her to all my friends. Her price is awesome too.  ONLY $15 and the first waxing is FREE!!!An added note, I have sensitive skin and the wax she uses was actually the best for my skin and did not irritate it.  Definitely go see her.  From a dude's perspective she is cool and gets you in and out. From a girl's perspective she really listens to exactly how you want them done and gives it to you.  The quality is great!Cheers!
5	I drive 40+ miles round trip to get waxed by Ann. Everyone thinks I'm crazy but I would drive even further because she is the best! I am very particular about my eyebrows and have had many horrible experiences in the past, but Ann puts me at ease. I know I will love the shape and they will be even! I also have very sensitive skin but the wax she uses does not make my skin break out and the redness is gone in less than 30 minutes. Ann is professional, personable, and her prices are very reasonable.  I recommend Ann to all my friends and anyone looking for a great Aesthetician.
5	Ann does the best brow wax.  Quick, painless, personable, professional not to mention exceptional shaping skills.  This should be everyone's "go to girl".  You will look and feel like a million bucks!
5	This lovely lady is all good vibes. She enjoys doing eyebrows and that's what makes her fabulous at it. No Asian-thin horror stories here! I gave her 25% tip cause I fell in love with her energy and it was $25 total... She also makes her own sugar scrubs, jewelry, and candles! All around, Ann deserves the business. I was a first-time client but I don't think she endorses the first-time-free offer anymore... Either way, I am extremely pleased with the outcome of my appointment and my skin wasn't irritated in the slightest even though its sensitive. Cheers!!
5	I had searched and searched for an eyebrow expert. Finally!! I found Ann. She fixed my arch and design and I couldn't be happier. Her prices are super reasonable and her waxing room is relaxing. She also carries the Blinc eye line products. Obsessed with their liquid liner, amplified mascara and eyeliner pencil!! (Sorry, Ann! I posted this on Jennifer's salon site by accident at first!)
5	A good friend of mine has been going to Ann for years, and I am so glad I finally listened to her and saw Ann myself! Let's face it, no one enjoys bikini waxes. But with Ann, they are quick and as pain-free as possible. I really like the products she uses, and her location in Old Town is very convenient.
5	I have been going to Ann for just over 4 years now... she always fits me in.... always does what I need and I always have a great time at my appointment. She is an eyebrow goddess and is consistent and I always leave looking better than when I came. She also gives an amazing facial. I would HIGHLY suggest you visit Ann for all your waxing and facial needs!
5	Before Ann did my eyebrows, I didn't think it really mattered. My eyebrows are light and not an obvious feature on my face. After Ann waxes she darkens my eyebrows and WOW, now I look younger than my age. Also using the Blinc eyeliner and mascara, which is awesome, did not think I could wear eye make up anymore. Thank you Ann for making me look younger and excited about make up again!
5	I just realized that I've been going to Ann since 2011. Anyone who can get me to rip my hair out on a consistent basis for three years has got to be good ... and we are not talking my eyebrows folks. If you have never had a Brazilian or bikini wax, you should probably go to Ann first. She is the sweetest person and despite how awkward it is to carry on a conversation sans pants, she makes you comfortable. Seriously. I'm at the point were I can say anything to Ann without my underwear on. She probably knows my body better than my boyfriend ... but he is definitely a fan of her work! Is that too much? Did I just go too far? Well, I am not done.She also is an expert in essential oils. She can mix up personalized products just for you. I swear by her sugar scrub and body butter. It's amazing. I want to eat my own arm after getting out of the shower, that is how good I smell. Everyone says diamonds are a girl's best friend, but they are highly mistaken. Ann Reed is a girl's best friend. She will make you smell good, look good, and feel good.
