1	I learned of this company through a living social deal. I emailed them to set up an appointment. The earliest available date was a month later, I went ahead and scheduled the appointment in spite of the wait time. One month went by,  on the scheduled day of cleaning in which I was told they would arrive between 12 and 1... NO ONE shows up. I wait, at 3:30 I email asking why was this scheduled appointment not kept?... I've yet to get a response or an explanation.There are many cleaning companies out there, my suggestion - try a different one than Maid 4 it all.
1	I heard about this company on a living social deal and thought I would give them a try.  I should have known when they didn't answer their phones and had no voice mail system that they really didn't have things too together!! However, I emailed and sent them a message on Facebook.  They responded really fast to the email but weren't able to schedule me for another 5-6 weeks! Two days before my scheduled appointment I emailed them to confirm that they would be coming that Friday morning.  I got a response that yes, I was scheduled and to expect them between 8-9am.  Friday came...and they NEVER showed up! I tried to call them twice that morning and got a voice mail. I left a message and never got a call back.  I sent them a message on Facebook-and no response! I am not really sure the point to schedule appointments and then not show up or return calls! This is extremely unprofessional and it just gives the business a BAD name!! I wouldn't recommend even trying to contact this place...even if it is a screaming deal...you will end up wasting your time waiting for them to show up and calling a business that is poorly ran!
1	I also purchased a voucher through livingsocial.  I had left several messages and finally got a call back but missed it.  The message left (@ 8pm) stated they were 'in the office now' and provided another number.  I called right away and received the same mailbox that you get when you call the number on the voucher.  I have now left several messages over the past few weeks on both numbers - still no return call.  I have contacted livingsocial to advise them that this business may no longer be active.
1	After this company no showed for their scheduled appointment with me-I emailed them to tell them how unprofessional this was. I got a response nearly 2 weeks later blaming a staff that had left the company and that she had canceled appointments and not told anyone ?? They said they would like to try to reschedule my appointment at a time that would work for me.  I scheduled another appointment but found out I had something come up for work.  I emailed them nearly 2 weeks in advance asking them to reschedule...no response! I emailed them again a week later...no response! This company is a JOKE! Don't waist your time!
