4	Delicious vegetarian-friendly fare. Meat makes an appearance on the menu but treated "as a celebration rather than an obligation". I recommend the market fresh fish, perogies with beet salad, quinoa salad with peas and pistachio, and the white-wine mussels. Sprightly cocktails and out-of-this-world house juices created by the sweet and talented cook, Melissa. The ambiance is cozy, comfortable and light which is refreshing in a city dominated by dark woods and rustic, bohemian vibes. They play good music and not too loudly so perfect place to enjoy with a small group. A much-needed and welcomed addition to this hip neighborhood.
4	Neat little resto tucked in the Petite-Patrie area near Beaubien station.Walked into the door with the open kitchen at the front and a face full of delicious smells. There was a bit of a wait, it took no longer than 10 minutes and the host/server offered us a drink and even stools to sit on while we waited. I dig the interior design a lot, with it's lightbulb-lit lightning shaped sign, the lovely turquoise accent wall at the rear and the subtle homages to "Santa Barbara" (who I couldn't resist looking up and apparently is the patron saint of artillerymen, military engineers, miners and ppl who work with explosives). Also they give away buttons! I love buttons. Anyplace I get buttons is already a step ahead.The menu is meatlover and vegetarian friendly and reasonably priced, they also have some delicious beer/wine choices on their list. We ordered an appetizer of cornbread, hummus, homemade salsa and walnuts to start. I had the special which was sweet potato au gratin with a side of kai-lan (chinese broccoli). It was incredible... and perfectly balanced the sweetness of the potato with the baked cheese topping. My friend had the gnocchi dish, made with the larger sized gnocchi "dumpling" bits and was also very good. Neither of us could finish our plates or had room for dessert. I did top it off with a tasty espresso though... mostly to avoid falling asleep on the way home due to my full belly.Slight downside for me was that the seating is cozy. As in you may accidentally play footsie with your neighbour cozy. And if you get seated at a table bench-side mid row... good luck taking a pee break without ducking under the table or knocking a wineglass over with your badonkadonk while trying to delicately squeeze between tables (that may or may not have happened to me). This is probably not as much of an issue when they aren't quite as busy.I would definitely come here more often if it wasn't on the complete opposite end of the city from where I live. That being said, it is worth the trek so I'll be returning for more mouthgasms eventually.
4	This was our first stop after crossing the border. We had been driving 8 hours, and had in no way anticipated that our GPS would switch to roaming as soon as we entered Canada. Also, I had thought there would be a more even split between French and English, so we were kind of in a culture shock. I'm not very good at vacationing, I guess. So, it was nice to have a pleasant dining experience after all that! Santa Barbara is a nice casual-but-trendy place. Lots of light woods, religious iconography, candlelight. The waitress was very nice. I tried speaking French, she spoke French back, I stared at her wide-eyed as I realized I was in way over my head, and she promptly and pleasantly switched to English. I could have hugged her. Menu is very simple, and bilingual. Of import: although this place is primarily vegetarian, there are a few animal dishes on the menu. Pork chops and a couple fish dishes. This is relevant. Read on. I permitted myself an alcoholic drink, bcs I deserved it. Gin with citrus and earl grey tea. It tasted delicious, but was small for the price (in my opinion; I don't drink much, so I'm not a good judge!) and I couldn't really taste the tea. Joe got the gnocchi, which he raved about. I tried some and it was absolutely delicious. My entree came with quinoa, which was mixed with beets and oranges. I had never had quinoa like this, and I have to say it was delicious. I am definitely stealing the idea to make at home! The rest of my entree was fish. Because I am an absolute moron and accidentally ordered fish. I cannot tell you how the server would have reacted if I sent it back, bcs I was too humiliated to do so. So I chopped it into little pieces, casually hid it in my napkin, and then threw it out later. I think one of the other waiters saw me, because he came by and was like, "Ca va?" Then he said some other stuff, which may have been, "Because I see that you are wrapping your food in your napkin like a maniac." but I didn't understand it, so I just said, "Oui!!!!!! Ca va bien!!!!! Merci merci merci!" over and over until he must have concluded that I was definitely a maniac and left. This is how the socially awkward deal with problems, people! Despite my idiocy, I will repeat: the gnocci and quinoa were both fantastic. And honestly, even when I ate meat, I didn't like fish, but this fish smelled and looked incredible. If I were still a meat eater, I would have tried it. Promise. They take cards, but ours didn't work, so we had to get cash across the street at a gas station. By then, I think the waitress was sick of us, bcs she seemed to get a little snippy. But I promise, we were doing our absolute best as strangers in a strange land! (Yes, I am using that phrase even though I'm talking about a girl from Rochester going to Canada.)
4	Healthy and refreshing.  The beet appetizer was to die for!  Did not leave the restaurant feeling like I ate too much.   The portions were just right. The only negative comment was the noise level.  It felt like a noisy cafeteria.  We skipped dessert to get out of the din.
4	Here are the things I loved last night at Santa Barbara:The Rhuby, white wine with rhubarb: not too sweet, the perfect summer drink, totally unlike anything else I've tried, totally delicious. The pineapple chilli homemade soda - fresh, the chilli is not too hot but cuts the sweet, super fun non-boozey drink. The appetizers and salads. All of them. The feta, green pea and dill mezze was so light and scrumptious salty and I could have eaten this all to myself. The zucchini fritters were light so savoury and not at all greasy tasting, the herb butter they were served with had me schemeing ways to lick the plate. The kale salad I could have (and should have) eaten for dinner instead of sharing with a table full of vultures (jokes!) The panzanella my sister ordered was filling and light at the same time and would be top of my list for next time. The place is bright with restful colours and a lively clattery atmosphere, seats about 40 I'd guess so not too crowded. The staff seemed a little stretched thin at moments but were faultlessly gracious throughout a barrage of mom questions from my table. And the thing I didn't love sadly? My own main..I ordered the special and so did another of my crew, and we were both kind of left flat by it. The mussels and shrimp curry with rice and asparagus sounded delicious and was just kind of.. meh, ok. Nothing particularly wrong with it, just heavy basic flavours, asparagus on the side feeling like an afterthought, boney fish in the curry, two shrimp total, I dunno.. not bad, just wished I'd stuck with the amazing salads and good looking green things swirling all around me instead. Anyway, live and learn. I'll be back for cocktails, apps and salads 100%. Oh - heads up, they don't take credit cards here, just debit.
4	A great brunch spot. Expect to pay on the pricier side, but you will get your money's worth in both quality and ambiance.
3	Food was good! The chef does really interesting combinations. The service though was terrible and it kinda ruined the experience. I usually am very tolerant with waiters, but when one is just rude and doesn't smile when I ask something, I can't accept it. I would give another chance to this place for its food. Hopefully they'll have fixed their service issues. To the owner of Santa Barbara: We got plenty of good food in Montreal, make the experience pleasant as a whole!
5	First things first, this place is cash and Interac ONLYNow onto more important things: the cocktails are amazing and they are always switching them up. For a veggisaurus like me, there are a TON of choices and I have never left here less than absolutely, freaking stuffed and happy. They switch up their mussel recipe fairly often which is good, but their curry mussels are to die for, everyone at the table was pretty much stabbing one another to soak up what was left. Everything on the menu is tasty, fresh and delicious and the staff completely rule. Cozy spot and you can always get a table if you're patient, well worth the wait if they make you wait.
5	Loved this place, the service is nice and quick, food is delicious, I recommend the ginger drink and the soldat d'artillerie plate.
4	Les beignets aux poireaux et le fondant au chocolat, caramel et jalapeno sont des incontournables.Excellent service
5	We've been here several times, for brunch and dinner and only had wonderful experiences. The cocktails are interesting and always well executed. The food is incredible. The nice thing about this place is that the menu changes with the seasons. It's always a nice surprise to see what's being served. Even the items that are always there (ie. the mussels) change every time, and have always been amazing.The service is wonderful. Friendly, knowledgable staff each time.  We were trying to think of a nice place to go for a birthday dinner... looked up all the restaurants in the neighbourhood to finally settle on this one, since we knew it'd be great, and we're not disappointed at all that we came back here.The only thing to be aware of is that they don't take credit cards, which may come as a shock if you've spent quite a bit on dinner and weren't prepared.
4	This is such a cute, little place. The Santa Barbara offers great, fresh, comfort food, just perfect for the soul. I also promised myself to go back for brunch sometime soon. In the meantime, if you do happen to pass by for dinner, make sure to try the delicious enchiladas !!
