2	Note.  This review is just for the bad coffee experience I had one morning.I had to stop here one morning for coffee as I was on my way to an off-site meeting.  Normally I wouldn't bother with a review of convenience stores, but who the HELL put decaf in the regular pot?  How could I tell it was decaf?  Susan didn't assume the form of a human female after drinking it!  It tasted burnt and flat and I'm pretty sure I peeled a little film of the top!On the other hand, the meeting wasn't worth staying awake for anyway!
4	These four stars are for the cashiers. I've been befriended by the night cashier and I enjoy our nightly chats.  Mostly it's complaining about how bad working customer service is.This 7-11 is a hot mess, to put it mildly. Dingy floors, broken Slurpee machine, and they don't stock Starbuck Double Shots.  But this is my 7-11 and I shop here every night. The store is so bad that it's amusingly glorious in the way that a terrible horror movie is funny. I have seen some serious train wrecks while waiting inline to get a pack of cigarettes. This 7-11 is for the freaks and geeks and I feel right at home shopping amongst them.
3	Okay, up a star!Yeah it's still a sketchy 7-11 and I likje how Lucretiz described it as a hot mess.  Still it's convienent if you need some travel-sized over the counter meds, candy, or something else that's pre-sealed.
2	A 7-Eleven downtown always make me feel dirty.  Doesn't matter what corner or what part of downtown they are located.They are all almost always cramped, jammed into a very awkward space and made to contain everything a normal store would carry.  The clientele inside, let's describe a majority of them as shady.  How many times in such a small space can I be asked if I have $.53 cents to get on a bus.  Get out of 7/11, then you won't be spending that $.53 and be able to use it on the bus.This one is quite close to the center of the downtown region, but if memory serves me correctly, right now, there's not much else around it.  I think I could have been near having a panic attack before leaving here.  In a pinch, it's a quite stop and possibly cheaper than a drug store in the downtown region.
