5	this whole night was a BIG BLUR! but ironically, one of my most memorable vegas trip! we were partying at the Club Rain when we ended up at the mother effin' hugh hefner suite! THE PARTY WAS OUTRAGEOUS! the suite had HOTTT bar tenders, HUGE hot tub, crazy ass pool that extended to the outside looking over las vegas....and of course the infamous ROTATING BED! i seriously thought i was a rockstar because i was sure partying like one!! woke up with theee worst hangover but it was worth every minute! if only all my vegas trips were this crazy.
5	If you ever get an invite to party here, no matter how blacked out/intoxicated/tired you are... DO NOT TURN IT DOWN. After clubbing at Prive all night, we met up with the rest of our girls at the Palms. I remember wandering the casino for about five minutes and then the next thing I remembered was partying in the Hugh Hefner Playboy SKY VILLA!!!! :) Two stories complete with bar, pool, gym, kitchen, and sexy rooms.It was intenssssssssse... the bartenders served drinks non-stop. All of my girls had a crazy time enjoying the complimentary drinks, taking pictures on the rotating beds, and admiring the hot Playmate-lookin naked girls who floated around in the pool that stretched outside on the large balcony overlooking the entire strip. Truly an unforgettable (sort of haha) experience and hopefully one day we'll be back!!!!!!!!!!!
5	My wife and I ended up at a party here a couple of weeks ago.  Pretty much the definition of p.i.m.p.  The private pool area is fantastic along w/ the dining area surrounded by water w/ a couple of waterfalls by it.  I couldn't imagine what it would be like with just a few people here.Even though alot of casinos have added some extremely pimp suites like the Hard Rock..the view here cannot be beaten.  I'm not sure if that many people actually pay the retail price to stay here..I'm guessing most players staying here are betting at least $10k a hand on average.  But yeah...don't pass up an opportunity to check out this place if you get the chance.
5	I attended a party here the other night. The party was a gift from George Maloof to one of his valuable employees. If it's good enough for him, it's good enough for me. :PThis place is the ultimate party place. The floor to ceiling windows make for amazing views of the strip and the rest of Las Vegas. The pool is heated nicely, and the view from the end of the pool juts out from the building. There are tons of couches and chairs to lounge on... and this is only the first floor! You can choose to take the elevator or the stairs to the upper level, which includes a massage room, sauna, gym and rotating bed. My favorite part was the giant jet tub surrounded by a curtain of beads, and a rotating bed. There's even a glass shower open to a floor to ceiling window for all you exhibitionists.If you have the $$$$$ and are looking to party like a rock star, this is a great place to do it.
5	I love the Hugh Hefner Sky Villa! I have partied here many times and didn't realize the Hugh Hefner suite would need a Yelp review until a friend asked me about it. I will upload pics to Yelp as well. The accomodations are absolutely gorgeous and the master bedroom rotating bed is super fun. Check the pics ;)
5	still dope.
5	Got to party like Tiger Woods before his divorce! Amazing spot where everything is tricked out. 3 huge bedrooms (1 with a rotating bed), 2 floors, an elevator, a hot tub, an outdoor pool and great views of LV all around. What a place to party!!!This is the place to be if you want to live large and party like a rockstar.You don't get them girls loose loose You don't get the world loose looseYou don't get money oof, oofBut I do, I doYou don't get them girls loose looseYou don't get the world loose looseYou don't get money oof oof,But I do, I doI say y'all having a good time out thereYeah, yeah, yeah, que no pare la fiestaDon't stop the partyYeah, yeah, yeah, que no pare la fiestaDon't stop the party
