3	I stopped here for dinner last night.  I had a good experience; the server was nice, the food was good, and the atmosphere is cool there.I had the fish & chips; my yardstick for any seafood place.  The fish was odd-looking, as the pieces were like large nuggets, but it was tender, flaky, and hot.  They have good fries, too.I wanted a beer, and my server mentioned the drink specials, which included Beck's Oktoberfest for $1 / bottle.  WOW!I'm a huge Oktoberfest beer fan; I didn't even know Beck's made one!  These were obviously left over from last October, but who cares?  For a buck, I would have sat there and drank 12 of them, if I didn't have something to do later (and had to drive).What a great find!If I'm ever in that area again, I'll stop by there for food.  I want to try some of the other menu items.
1	Music so loud we had to leave.  And this was at 7:45 on a Saturday night. You are open til 2am!!! Maybe start the band AFTER the dinner crowd.   Would have loved to try the food but couldn't even heat the hostess.
1	First impressions are everything.  When this restaurant was Vinnie's we could not get silverware.  My wife ate here with our friends the first week they opened.  She ordered a Crabcake.  It was the size of a half dollar and cost 14 dollars.  It came with no sides.  I should have listened to her. The bartender brought 11 mushrooms which did not fill half of the basket for 8 dollars. 3/4 of a buck a mushroom.  Really?  Charge me 10 bucks and fill the basket!   The bartender was polite as I explained my dissatisfaction.  She offered to let me speak to the manager.  I told her there was no point.  Strike three and you are out!  We will never return.  There are so many places to eat in Charlotte.  There is no reason to eat here unless your only motivation is to look at scantilly clad wait staff.  The food is mediocre, service mediocre, portions ridiculous for the price.  Cigarette smoke wafts in from the open patio.  Music too loud.  This has been the unfortunate trend for this location for years.  It would be great for someone to employ a bit of creativity in order to provide a dining experience with a pleasant value for the families and citizens in this area of North Charlotte.
4	Based on some of the other reviews, I was beginning to wonder if there are two MVP's Raw Bars in town.  Our experience here was really really good.  The service was impeccable.  My wife is a cancer survivor not long out of treatment and had several questions about the food.  The waitress answered everything perfectly and the things she didn't immediately know, she found out and quickly told us what we needed to know.  We started with Oysters on the half shell.  Monday-Thursday before 7:00 PM they are half price and well worth it.  Fresh, clean, Chesapeake bay oysters, nicely shucked with great house made cocktail sauce, buffalo sauce, and horseradish as well.  The salad was huge and all the dressings are made in-house. The bleu cheese was some of the best I've had.  I had the fried seafood basket.  It was hot, fresh and cooked to perfection.  This cook really knows how to fry fish.  The selection was good, 2 kinds of shrimp, oysters, and Alaskan whitefish that was very tender and juicy.  Waffle fries were good, the regular fries just OK, both should have been fried a little longer.  The wife had something called pork wings.  After the waitress explained that it is a little known cut of pork from the ribs, she decided to give it a try.  We are a big fan of the pork wing now, it was as tender and flavorful as anything you could hope for with quite a bit of meat on the 3 "wings" .  The beer selection was pretty good and my Blue Moon was nice and cold.  The outdoor patio was full of smokers and there was someone smoking a very sweet smelling cigar nearby that wasn't too pleasant, but my wife, a former smoker, refused to become one of "those people" and never moved nor complained and the guy left well before our food arrived anyway.  If the smoke is a problem, the indoor dining room is all non-smoking. I realize that we have only been there one time, but are already looking forward to our next trip to MVP's.
4	I've eaten at MVP's Raw Bar and Grill on several occasions and enjoyed the atmosphere. It's a great place to socialize, network & eat good food. I received 100% quality customer service each visit!
2	I don't know what happen, but last night we had a group go for our friends birthday. and the service was so slow we could not even get drinks our first drink order took 30 min for us to get.. second order was about the same.. by the third our men were so mad they were done.. then it seriously took us about another 20 min to get our bill.  the server was as nice as pie,  not her fault just very short handed for a Saturday night. and I only seen one bartender and the place was packed.. and OMG the band that was playing was not very good at all..  sorry for the bad review but need to improve the service.
3	It's busy and super loud every time we visit which can be a turn off. Consequently, there are times when the service might be slower than expected, but the servers are always nice.Adequate service, beer, and fried food. Garlic Parmesan Wings? Indeed. I'm glad someone took over after Vinnie's left.
3	Nothing special, nothing fancy but my fav local dive bar...let's face it...there's not many bar choices by me! The waitress' and bartenders are always super friendly and know the locals. Food is bar food so take what you get. I will say they have some of my favorite ranch dressings though, love to dip my fries in it! Slather anything up with that ranch and it's delish! To be safe I usually stick to chicken tenders or cheese sticks. $1 domestic beers on Wed...can't beat that! (Though I'll stick to my Old Meck) they have an assortment to at least satisfy your thirst. They have a drink special everyday, and one weekday a good deal on crab legs. Bathroom needs a good scrub...but like I said, it's a dive bar! Expect to bring your own Lysol LOLCome visit :))
2	I met a friend for drinks and wings on Saturday.  I took my left over wings home and my husband finished them off.  He enjoyed them, so we placed a big takeout order on Sunday.  When I arrived to pick them up, I stood at the bar for at least 5 minutes waiting for someone to assist.  Finally, the bartender approached and asked what I needed.  I informed her of my order and she said she'd check on it.  Prior to her even checking to see if my order was ready (I've already waited 5 minutes), she proceeded to take an order and make the drinks for a couple that arrived AFTER I had gotten there.  In essence, it took about 15 minutes from the time that I arrived to get my take out order.  MVP's staff needs to work on customer service skills and how to prioritize.
