3	This is a good little place to get a cheap, greasy meal.  Art's is open for lunch and breakfast (they open really early and close around 2).  This place is small and can be crowded, and it is very informal.  I don't know much about the lunch foods, but the breakfast is pretty good.
2	I'm not a fan of watered down vinegar sauce with a few specs of tomato at all.  I gave it two-stars just not to be a jerk, but I tell everyone not to go here.
3	I've actually never had Art's barbecue (though I love that they spell "barbecue" with a "c" - a man after my own heart).  I've only been here for breakfast.I realize these days that your breakfast fare is generally split into two categories - fast food, that you can put onto bread of some kind and then the sort that you put on a plate.  Of course you have some leeway in there, but that will generally cover it.Art's, naturally, falls into the latter category, offering eggs and meat plates of various styles, and will typically pack in the parking lot.  You simply order at the counter and a few minutes later you are all set with a plate of piping hot breakfast, ready-to-go!Service is friendly to boot!
2	Not too bad, but considering I had not eaten here up to very recently in the almost 10 years I've worked within a block I must say I was a tad disappointed.  Think I'll try again to see if maybe I just came on an off day.
5	I eat here every week at least once. The food is good and service is always top notch. Of all the lunch spots this one has the most regulars. The BBQ is unique and I love it.  I had them cater a party and all the guests were raving about it. It's a big menu and I really only eat a couple things but the daily specials are all really good.
4	Great for breakfast. Quick, nice portion size, good quality. Home fries made to order, good wheat toast not made with crappy bread. Very clean too. Not crazy about styrofoam plates & cups.
3	Breakfast is a 4, lunch a 2 so....math.... a 3. The people are very nice. I've tried 10 different things at lunch because some coworkers like to go there with no luck. I need to just order breakfast when I go because there you can't go wrong with any of the egg choices.
5	Absolutely the best breakfast biscuits in town! This place is a Charlotte staple! Also try the party pack for larger catering needs, Danny the owner is world class he will take great care of you! The folks here take a lot of pride in giving great service and quality food! Eat here once and you will be back!
2	Maybe my standards are too high. I had high hopes for the breakfast biscuits here, based on various reviews online, but in the end they taste like frozen biscuits with various toppings. I had a chicken biscuit, and the boyfriend had egg and bacon. Both biscuits had that sweet, frozen/refrigerated/pre-made biscuit taste, rather than a true buttermilk biscuit taste. If I'm getting chicken / bacon / other savory items on my biscuit, I don't want the biscuit to be sweet! We also got potatoes, which were good, but they were nothing particularly special. In the end, I can make a better biscuit, and even the biscuit sandwiches from Bojangles are probably better than these (gasp). I want to go back to Art's for lunch soon, because I really, truly loved the atmosphere in there. The staff were amazingly nice, it's a cute little place, my order was ready quickly, and I like to support local business. But the biscuits just don't cut it for me to try them again.
