4	Upscale, authentic Sonoran-style Mexican cuisine. When you're looking for something classier (and thus, pricier) than the taco shops and cantinas. They also have an awesome adjoining Mexican food store, so if you're feeling adventurous you can buy the supplies and make your own tamales :)
5	Does this place still even exist? I used to come here back in the day, 1994 / 1995 and it was my FAVORITE place to get cheese enchiladas. I think they are still the best cheese enchiladas Ive ever had. For realz.
4	I have not been to another Mexican restaurant since I started eating here a year ago. You certainly don't come for the decor but the food is consistently good and you know it is as real as it gets.
2	This is for Espos the restaurant right next to Espinozas Market:On the positive side - the food is very affordable and you get a lot.I had high expectations after reading the other ratings but unfortunately my experience with the food was that it was pretty bland. The chicken on the chicken taco was so watery (perhaps from being boiled right before being put into the hard taco) that it took a good minute for it to stop leaking water out of the shell. The chips with Jalepenos were served with room temperature cheez wiz type sauce and canned jalepeno slices on top of hard chips. The chicken enchiladas were bland - lots of cheese on top but not very flavorful.  I wish I could give it a higher rating but based on the meal tonight I won't be going back any time soon unless a need an inexpensive meal quickly.
5	Whenever I go to the Phoenix Arizona area my first stop is Espos!  This is some of the best Mexican food I've ever had.
1	I used to be obsessed with this little hole in the wall of a gem, Espos. They have the best green chili burro I have ever had. ...that was until one day I picked up an order and was filling my drink waiting for them to bag it up. On the soda fountain you won't believe what I saw...it was COVERED in cock roaches. Big ones and baby ones. They were crawling all throughout the machine. When I told the lady in the window she said "Oh, I am sorry about that, would you like a bottled beverage?"UH NO! I would like you to freak out a little bit and sound somewhat shocked and FIX IT!!!!! I alerted the better business bureau about that. I am sure it has been fixed but I don't think I'll ever be able to go back without gagging. So be on alert for creepy crawlies while you're there..
3	Tried espos again when we were on a rush and needed a bite on the run. It was affordable and fine for take out. I tried the chicken flautas this time and for under $4 it hit the spot and I was happy. With adjusted expectations now, I think I would return to Espos when I need something affordable and quick. Definitely a good alternative to any generic chain or fast food place.
3	I have moved to Seattle, and pre-order tamales when I'm back in Phoenix over the holidays! The dine in food is also good!
3	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food7 Service7 Atmosphere9 Value
4	So we finally tried Espos. We had a chicken burrito, enchilada-style with red sauce. We also took home chips and salsa, as well as some cinnamon crisps. The prices were good, the service was fast, and the owner was super friendly, even offering a large bowl of salsa for our takeout order, which I think they normally charge extra for.The salsa rivals Carolina's in terms of taste and quality. The tortilla that my burrito was wrapped in was also excellent. Chips were ok. Next time we will skip the cinnamon crisps.I was a little worried about cleanliness issues, especially after I read the review about cockroaches. I opted against getting a drink, but everything appeared to be ok at least near the checkout area and the half of the kitchen I could see.This is a much better alternative to the Filiberto's, etc. in this area of the Valley. Much more authentic.
1	Ok...if you look at my previous reviews - I don't flame places...but Espos service is HORRIBLE. If you're in a pinch, there food is typical greasy type mexican that tastes ok but leaves you feeling crappy after you eat it. But WARNING...don't do takeout there. For 2nd time in a month this place screwed me on a a take out order and it's difficult to check your order becuase they bundle everything. This last time they had THREE items missing. And when I called to complain their manager (who wouldn't give me his name) he initially offered 10% off my next order...and then said "we'll reverse the charges, MAYBE".Im DONE with this place. That said, I only go there a couple times a year anyway (for 10 years) because there are alot better options than this.
5	Little hole in the wall places like this make me really miss the valley.Sure the seafood in Boston is a million times better and I have access to just about any ethnic food I can find, but I have yet to find suitable mexican.I miss being able to walk into a place and instantly being hit with an overpowering aroma of slowly cooked sauces and specially seasoned meats.The prices beyond reasonable once you see how much food your getting, and the tamales we ordered for Christmas were huge and stuffed with meat.  Not like the ones you find that are all masa.For the record, me likey
4	Espos has a lot going for them...and it is all in the food. The decor is tacky and the house-turned-restaurant is bordering on dirty every time we go in there. However, the food is amazing. I cannot stop dreaming about taco salads and fresh made tortilla chips... My husband orders something different every time, but I'm a steak taco salad fan. The food is authentic and hot, fresh made to order. The dirt and the glove free hands frighten me a little, but the food is just that good. And we usually wait about ten minutes. I do not find that unbearable.
1	Have been here a couple of times, not by choice.  I thought the place was pretty filthy for a restaurant... actually it was pretty filthy for a backroads gas station restroom.  Bugs all over the floor, dirt, grime and a smell.  The food was OK at best - certainly not the best Mex food around; not the best Mex food on Chandler Boulevard for that matter.  As I am known to do, I checked out their report on Maricopa County's restaurant ratings site.  WHOAH!!!!!!  Mind you this was a while ago but I pretty much put my foot down and decided not to go there.
3	My family and i have been going to Espos for many years. To be completely honest this place has its good days and bad days, sometimes the food is top notch and some days it is really bad. I know they had hired alot of different people and you could tell in the service as well as the food. Though on the weekends it seems they are on there game most of the time.  I too have had bad experiences with calling in a order and the order not being complete.  But i learned my lesson and tear it apart before i leave checking to make sure its correct.Fast forward to yesterday, My coworkers and I were wanting a Espos fix.  I ordered a Carne Asada Chimichanga and a soda,  not my usual Chicken Enchilada Combination Plate. I also noticed that they now charge you 45 cents to run your card, I hate when businesses do that.  So all in all i spent about 9.31 for a soda and chimichanga. Which for me seems a little steep. I understand with the economy changes have to be made but hey thats alot of money!Also the soda was out of CO2 so it took about 10 minutes for the girl to come out and change the tanks. Which for me was to long, as it wasn't overly busy. Now to the review of the food the chimichanga was covered in lettuce, cheese and sour cream.  I hate sour cream so i scraped it off, my fault entirely since i didn't ask them to leave it off.  The chimichanga was good but not the best. Things i liked super hot. spicy throughoutfillingthings i dislikedseemed a little dry, but not overly dry. to much sour cream.  But as i said my fault entirely. And the final take on the whole experience. I will probably be back but i will probably stick to my Enchilada Combination Plate.
2	I really used to like this place but when the management changed, so did everything else. I remember when for lunch there would be a line to the door, now I never see anyone in there. I might go here 1 or 2 times a year, nothing really that great about it anymore, right when I step in the place seems kind of dirty and isn't very welcoming. If they made some changes..this place could be decent again.
4	I have been eating at Espo's regularly since 1984, and it is my favorite (super) casual place for Mexican food. (When I want table service and cloth napkins, I prefer Serrano's.) Espo's is not fancy, but in the 25+ years I've been going there, I've never seen vermin (as someone else reported). In fact, you can see the busy kitchen when you're standing at the order counter. My only complaint has ever been the sometimes long (15-20 minute) wait, but that is not surprising with such a small kitchen and such a large number of fans. Service can vary, but is usually hurried and curt at worst (sometimes; especially when they're busy) to laid-back and simpatico at its best.
4	This place looks daunting from the street... run down and attached to what I think is a convenience store. The place looks just the same on the inside. You walk to the back of the place and order from a window and they call out numbers when the food is ready. They have a self-serve soda machine, which is a bonus because I'm a sucker for refills (but hate asking for them). We took our food to the tables outside (we cleaned one off ourselves) and had a nice chat in the AZ sunshine. The food was good, I just had a taco and a side of rice (we had just eaten a full meal a few hours prior) but they were delicious. Hoping to get back again soon!
4	I've tried several gringo favorites here, and this food tastes like homeade.  Price:  Average for the volume of food ($6-10/lunch)Service:  I felt strange sitting in the waiting room and waiting for my name to be called.Taste:  Everything I've tried has been AWESOME, and their red sauce is great on everything.It seems strange that it would be hooked up next to a convenience store, but the food is definitely worth your time.
3	Went here the other night to pick up some takeout for dinner and I realized that I have never written a review...I think this place has great homestyle Mexican food.  I agree with some of the other reviewers that the food is greasy and so that is what keeps me from eating here too often.  But it is no worse than Losbetos, Filibertos, or Nicos or the other authentic Mexican taco shops in the valley, but they have more options than just burritos and tacos.  And I think that their rolled tacos are the best!Definitely not the nicest place to eat at - not dirty, just a little worn out an not comfortable.  They are really fast with the takeout orders so I recommend just showing up and grabbing some food to go.  I noticed last time that I was there that they will give you a free dessert if you pay with cash so keep that in mind when you go.
2	Food was ok the burritos come with just meat nothing else. So if you order the chicken burrito you are going to get a tortilla filled with shredded chicken. Their floutas were good I would go back for them especially with their salsa.
4	Good Mexican food.  Nothing noteworthy other than it was good. It's not my favorite but I'll stop in here again when in the area.  I got a couple beef enchiladas for lunch.  They came in a tin and the portions were good and the sauce was above average.  Simply a good lunch.
2	Ok nothing to be impressed with here. Id rather eat at Filabertos!
4	I have only had the chips and salsa here. But that's because I can't get past it!!! I love Mexican food but I think I would mainline the salsa and grab to eat those chips before they come out of the fryer if I had the chance.Any time I have a hankering for chips and salsa....Espos is the spot. Its also adjacent to an mexican mini mart - I think its a mini mart. I've never been in the store but assume it is. FYI on the restaurant though, they charge .70 to use plastic. So bring cash!
2	I'm not sure what's so great about this place. The take-out food I got the other night was not that good. The chicken taco was soggy. The carne asada taco was okay--good tortilla. The tostada was lukewarm by the time I ate it. Other things I have gotten here have been incredibly greasy. It is cheap, I will say that much. But I guess I prefer Los Taquitos to this place.
4	Why is it that little run down places always serve the most amazing Mexican food? Some obscure psychological effect is at play I'm sure... Anyway the chicken enchiladas were over-stuffed with perfectly cooked white chicken meat and served with a bold red sauce rather than the standard green (per my request). Every item I saw hit the surrounding tables looked even better - I must return to try more of Espo's. FYI - this is right down the road from the Chandler Fashion Center and well worth the long drive from North Scottsdale.
4	Okay, I have been going here almost 2 years off and on, they recently closed there doors for a remodel or upgrade.  There opened again and well I recently went back and only noticed a few changes like a sign out front and they moved the stove around in the kitchen. 1st off the food is Great!  every-time.  If you like real Mexican food not taco bell type Mex! you will like Espos.  The prices are good for the amount of food they give you I order the carne asada combo plate and it comes with a free taco that's enough to fill up a big boy and have your old lady  hurting... But one problem most people face is You cant find the place, first off you would drive right by them and not notice it at all and its on Chandler Blvd. Go figure!!!  Its a family owned spot and even after the remodel it's still a dumpy looking rustic looking, greasy sticky tables and looks as if it could use a real good cleaning. There plain white walls (THAT'S NOT SO WHITE) and plain white painted building attached to a small market just looks dirty (and remember this is after the remodel) i guess they didn't want to change much about the establishment.  But i don't think many people mine that because there always packed with loyal customers.  I eat there too!-1 point for ambiance !!
2	I used to come here frequently a few years ago. Then the customer service really took a hit.They closed their doors for a "remodel" recently, so I decided to give it another try.The first trip back was overall a passing experience. They prepared the food I ordered. The tortilla on the enchilada in the combo plate was rock hard on the bottom. I had a very difficult time cutting it with the chintzy plastic knife provided.  Seriously, it's like one of those fake Halloween knives that bends in a stiff breeze. But the rice and beans were great.Went there last night again. It was the same person taking my order at the window as last time, but all of a sudden she barely understood English.I don't know what I paid for, but I didn't get my combo plate. Just the enchiladas. Same thing, bottom hard as a rock, only this time no rice and beans to make the meal worth while.My wife's "chicken cheese crisp", oh I'm sorry she didn't know what that was, "cheese crisp with chicken" was dry and flavorless.It's worth one trip here for nothing else then to experience the bathroom, which while much improved, is a great place to get mugged.Try it, see if you get Dr Jeckle or Mr Hyde.
5	I've been going to Espos for many years.  After my visit today, I would say "they're back!".  The food tasted  just the way it did when Olga was in the kitchen--very tasty and just like HOME.  Great food, great price, and great staff!
5	Everything is good here! Been coming here about 15 years I would say. Kind of slow, but totally worth it!
5	Where have you been all my life Espos?  Where?  I have traveled up and down this state, Mexico, New Mexico -- and each and every Mexican food place in between it that has it, I order Green Chili.Why Green Chili do you ask? Because at a young age growing up in Gilbert, I was already spoiled with a variety of foods mixed in between our cultures and any event is an excuse to chow down.  During a "Gilbert Days" years and years ago, I decided to have a Green Chili burrito from a stand on the side as I was starting to get sick of bean&cheese and red beef burritos.  When I bit into this burrito and started eating it, I had what some would call a monumental religious experience. My mouth exploded with such flavor and texture it compelled me to seek out this recipe with every fiber of my being henceforth. Once you have tasted it, you are forever changed. It caused me to try every green chili recipe I could (and most weren't suitable).  I tried to deal with Filberto's variant, too spicy at times, too chunky, meat was stiff.  I even kept going to Chalo's in Globe for their version which is comforting, not spicy. A friend told me my search for this Green Chili recipe was like Johnny Depp's character in 'Once Upon a Time in Mexico"Skip to a few months ago..Wife tells me she sees this sign by Chandler Mall, just a few miles from us proclaiming their green chili is worthy of trial.  My interest was piqued. Could they provide something comparable to something that I haven't had in almost 2 decades?  We went there and I ordered the Green Chili plate and a real Coke(awesome).I took a slice of tortilla, dipped it in the mixture.  It seemed they cooked it properly with shredding the meat. texture looked perfect.  I bit into it and.....I am not absolutely clear what happened next, my wife tells me that my consciousness seemed to have gone somewhere else for a bit and when I came back, mentally, I could only mumble 3 words over and over "this is it, this is it, THIS IS IT!". I went right to the counter and told them the green chili they have is what I have been looking for all my life.  They looked at me like I was crazy but you know good food when you have it, you know great food when you have it and you know to compliment the cook when it does happen.  The rest of the green chili I inhaled - now I don't mean that I ate it super fast and with gusto - I mean that I was eating it with such passion and fury that I subconsciously used my lungs to assist my mouth in placing as much of the Green Chili in each bite where it belongs, IN MY BELLY.This is the place for your Mexican comfort food.
3	The food was good, but really not what I had been looking for.  I wanted a nice sit down place with a frozen marg. and that is not what this place is.  This place has good food, served in disposable aluminum take out containers.  Again, the food was good, but greasy.  My party sat themselves and you go up to the counter to order and pick up your food.  The woman at the counter was helpful.  As a pescatarian, I can't say there were many options that satisfied my criteria.  This was a good place, in my opinion to get take out mexican, but a bit too much like burger king or McDonalds for a dine in place.   Plastic silverware, served to you on a cafeteria tray, etc. Also, no booze.  Sad Panda.  That said, there was a massive rush of people coming in around 630pm on Sunday.  Maybe the meat versions of their dishes are really good, but I wouldn't know.  It got a bit loud from the noise of the dinner crowd.
5	Oh-my one of the best Green Chile Burritos I've had. If you like good Mexican food give Espos in Chandler a try. They've recently upgraded the building and made the atmosphere more comfortable and inviting. The price is on par with other Mexican food restaurants and the food is a bit more authentic. I definately recommend Espos!
2	I stopped in here to feed my enchilada-style burrito craving, something that should only be done at a small, hole-in-wall place serving Sonoran style food. Espo's fit the bill on that account, and it has gotten some good reviews recently so I decided to try it out after shopping at nearby Chandler mall.Right off the bat, I noticed the place was kind of dirty. I wasn't expecting anything immaculate, but I've seen nicer Filiberto's. The tile floor badly needs a mopping.My veggie burrito came out quickly and steaming hot. It was mostly a disappointment after that. First off, no sour cream or guacamole came with it which is my expectation for enchilada style. The red sauce was tasty with a very nice kick to it. I still added lots of salsa too which I also enjoyed. But there was way too much of the average tortilla, and the filling was a major letdown. Was I wrong to expect that a veggie burrito would contain veggies? Shredded iceberg doesn't count! The beans were too liquidy, and the rice had little flavor.This place did nothing for me, but luckily there's plenty of other burritos in the sea.
5	We've driven by this place a number of times and never stopped in.  Finally did!! My quest for the Most Awesomest Tamale Ever had a giant leap forward tonight. YUM! We played Crazy Eights and enjoyed the laid back atmosphere as we awaited our food. NOM NOM NOM!!!!!
4	The green tamales are delicious! LOVE THEM.
4	I have driven past this place many times over the years, but it always looked a little scary, and with Someburros nearby, I would just always go there. The other day I knew I would be in the area around dinner time and wanted to see if there was anything new in the area worth checking out....the reviews for Espos were all recent and talking about the awesome green chile (my personal fav) and how they had recently spruced up the place, so I decided to give it a try.The interior is still very old school Mexico, but it was clean.  The banner outside says something like "We have the BEST green chile" so I definitely had to give that a try, I ordered the Green Chile Cheese Crisp (Quesadilla) and the cheese enchilada plate to go, the food was so cheap, it was like $10 for both!The food smelled amazing on the long drive home to Scottsdale, and I couldn't wait to try it.  I went with the enchiladas first, many times what disappoints me most about enchiladas is the bland sauce, but this red sauce had a nice bit of heat to it and was really flavorful, I was pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed my $3.85 enchilada plate!  I moved on to the Green Chile Cheese Crisp, my only complaint was that they had not cut it into pieces, it was just a giant folded over tortilla, but as soon as I took my first bite all of that was forgotten...it was AMAZING!!  It reminds me of something from my childhood, the beef was so tender and flavorful, it wasn't spicy but it had some heat, I was in heaven!  I didn't get a chance to try any of their refried beans, so that will be on my agenda next time, but I will always have to get something with the Green Chile!If I lived closer to this place I would definitely be a regular, I will now be skipping Someburros and heading straight to Espos when I am in the area.
3	I've ate here many, many times and the food is good but it can be on the greasy side. Obviously, it's not greasy enough to keep me from eating it so don't let it deter you. I don't generally stay in the establishment to eat because it's small and I don't like to sit butt to gut with strangers. I've never seen a problem with sanitation here-ever. Espos Mexican food is not the first place I would go to get some cheap Mexican food but it's not at the bottom of the list either.
4	Not fancy but very tasty!  My husband and I took our 2 kids here for lunch.  It's a small place that's pretty clean and basic inside.  It seemed popular, too.  It was half full when we arrived at 11:30 and by the time we left, there was a line.  There is an order/pick up window where we ordered the green chile burro, chicken enchiladas, a cheese and a chicken quesadilla and a beef tamale.  Our food came up in about 10 minutes.  The burro was amazing, as good as Rosita's Place.  The enchiladas were very good, as was the tamale.  The quesadillas were pretty standard.  Salsa was awesome!  Overall, the food was flavorful with just the right amount of heat.  We all ate until stuffed and still had leftovers.  We are psyched about having this place around the corner from our house!
3	While this place is better than most generic, greasy Mexican places that are popular in Phoenix (go figure), the only really great thing here is their carne asada tacos. The horchata is too sweet and kind of bland. Service is okay- they forgot my order but promptly made it when I brought it up to them. The salsa is BAD. It tastes like the pizza sauce that comes in Lunchables.
2	"Authentic Mexican Food" seems to be a complete lie here. I feel like Taco Bell is more authentic than Espo's. 2 Stars, because the Carne Asada Taco Salad I got was nothing but a bowl of lettuce, a few chips, and small balls of Carne Asada every once in awhile. They took over 30 minutes to deliver our order. (There was only about 5 people in the entire restaurant, 3 of which were already eating.) Then, they got our orders wrong, and also charged us extra to put something that was already included in the salad on the side. Only good thing: The Salsa, and the Bowl it came in.
1	Ick!  Everything was bland, service was slow, no bathroom.After reading reviews tried the green chile burrito. No flavor.  Same with rice and beans.  Bland.  My son and husband had tacos and the shells were tough and greasy.  My husband ran to the bathroom when we got home.You have to pay for chips and salsa (they were out of guac).  Chips were also tough and greasy.Won't go back...ick.
1	I stopped in here for dinner recently to see how the place looked after their recent "remodel" and I was surprised to see that even though there were improvements made to the exterior (fresh paint, expanded parking lot, and nicer patio) the inside looked exactly the same except they had replaced the rundown, ugly, uncomfortable tables and chairs with others that were only slightly less ugly and uncomfortable. Everything else was exactly the same, including the layer of grime over all the fixtures, walls, and flooring. I was willing to overlook that since we usually only do takeout anyway but once we ate our food my husband and I both agreed that we would not come here again. The quality of food has been going down the last couple of months but this was a new low. I have never liked the place itself but at least I thought the food was decent but nothing we ordered this last visit was even edible.  Dry, crumbly tamales, burnt tortilla chips, and carne asada that tasted like the meat had spoiled. The worst part was the crispy taco that was disgustingly soggy and filled with a substance that looked like dog food and tasted like what I would imagine that canned dog food tastes like. I mean, it was worse than Taco Bell. Seriously.There still seemed to be a steady stream of people coming in the door, again mostly take-out orders, so I guess their customers are very loyal or else not everyone thinks it's gotten as bad as I do. I think most of their loyal fans keep coming back since it is so cheap, but there are lots of better options for cheap Mexican food in Chandler.
5	Newest favorite Mexican Restaurant.  Great prices and the food is AWESOME!!! Not sure what happened on the days they got bad reviews, but I will be back here on a regular basis.
4	For a cultural review project in my English class I chose to eat at an authentic restaurant; I am a bit picky with the foods I eat so I decided to try authentic Mexican food. After doing some research online I found that Espo's had some positive reviews and figured it was worth trying out. I have been to the Chandler Mall many times and never noticed that Espo's was right down the street. I have to say, after seeing the exterior I was a bit apprehensive to eat there, but my mom has always told me that "little hole in the wall places always have the best food." The interior was a bit smaller than I was expecting but it had a nice charm- I loved the different photos that were on the walls and the older look to it. The fact that you had to take the menu to your table to decide what you wanted and then walk up to order was a bit strange but it was a new experience and made it not so ordinary. The staff seemed very friendly and the food came out quickly. I ordered the Red Beef Tamale Plate ($8.85), my mom ordered the Green Chile Burrito ($4.95), and my boyfriend ordered the Green Chile Chimichanga ($6.95). The food was amazing! We each took turns trying each other's food and I can honestly say I loved it all. Everything had a great flavor, the burritos were nice and crisp, and the sauce that came with the tamale was wonderful. I'm so glad I discovered Espo's through a school project; I will definitely eat there again. I learned that you really can't judge a book by its cover, Espo's may look a little rough on the outside but they can make some delicious food! I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys Mexican food; it is completely different compared to Arriba's, Someburros, etc.
4	Good traditional Mexican food.  Quick too.Excellent shredded chicken!
3	Like everyone else on Yelp, I've driven by this place about a million times without ever venturing inside; but when the 15yr old told me she really wanted some Mexican for dinner, unable to bring myself to go on yet another Filiberto's run, I logged onto Yelp, did a quick search and said to myself ... "oh yeah, I've seen that place a gazillion times, why not?"I read that the place has recently undergone a remodel.  If that's the case, I'd hate to see what it looked like before.  Other than a thick layer of schmutz on the ceiling, there was nothing wrong, but certainly nothing inside looked remotely new.  I walked up to the window and ordered the green chile burrito (my standard for all Mexican restaurants), my daughter ordered the machaca beef burrito and a quesadilla.  Actually, she ordered the pork carnitas burrito at first, but they were out, so machaca would have to do.The food came up quickly, and while the tortillas were excellent, the green chile was average at best without the kick I expected.  The machaca burrito was absolutely packed with beef (had to have 3x the beef of the green chile burrito) and was pleasantly juicy.  The quesadilla comes simply folded in quarters.  Initially I thought it was just an extra tortilla, but sure enough, there was a layer of the standard melted cheddar inside.  Actually, it was kinda of fun to tear off pieces of the quesadilla and dip them in the red chile sauce they provide alongside.Bonus points for having Barq's Red Creme Soda in the soda machine; otherwise nothing to get too excited about, but nothing noxious either.
5	It seriously upsets me when people bash this place! They obviously have zero taste for real Mexican food! We have been eating here for years, and have loved it all the way! We especially love the remodeling, friendly staff and if course delicious food! I love the beef flautas with guacamole, green chili anything, the been and cheese burrito, and the chicken supra taco salad! And don't forget the hot salsa! Oh so good! This place is always packed, so that also goes to show Espos is a favorite among many!  Leon has really made this a great neighborhood business.
3	3.5 StarsThis is a pretty neat little Mexican restaurant.  They remodeled this year so I had been meaning to stop by and give them a try.  The setup is a little weird you order in the back left of the restaurant and have to wait at the little window for someone to take your order.  Then they give you a number and you hang out around back half till they call you.  I liked that they have lots of vegetarian choices ( for a mexican restaurant ) that are labeled on the menu, always nice.  They have a small patio outside which is pretty nice for the fall.I found the food pretty good for a fast food mexican place.  I covered mine in the slightly spicy salsa that came with it and guacamole so my tostada and cheese enchiladas were pretty good. They didn't seem bland at all. I'll have to ask if they have hot salsa next time.
5	I love their Chicken Enchilada plate! Great place! Try it!
5	Excellent food, would highly recommend. Visiting from Ca where we have some good Mexican food to compare.
5	Always good food. Not good for my diet though because the portions are huge. I guess we all have to be something and chose chubby.
5	Best quick mexican food in town hands down!!!!!!!
5	This is some of the best Mexican food we have ever had.  Its kind of a dive, but at least 12 people came to pick up take out while we ate our food.  It was our first time there, so she offered us samples of some of their top sellers - green chili, red chili, shredded chicken and machata beef.  We had some of each of them and a chicken crisp (quesadilla).  It all tasted homemade. It is all served in foil plates, but who cares when it tastes so good!
5	The food here is great!! I've lived next to this place for years and have never eatin here until recently. Needles to say I have since purchased a two meals within the past two days!!
3	I would give Espo's more like 3.5 stars. The machaca beef is top notch as well as the cheese enchiladas but the service is so so. The last time I dined here it took over 15 minutes for our order to come and it was only two machaca taco's and two cheese enchiladas at 6:45pm on a Wednesday. It was not busy and no one informed us that the wait would be close to 20 minutes. The food is pretty good and I will be returning but I do think that service could be a little better. Also the hot sauce/ salsa is really good.
4	Espos is looking better all the time. Still being remodeled, and painted. I love this place. I am a long term customer that doesn't have any problem recommending them for lunch, dinner, or take out.
5	Really cannot say enough great things about this little taco shop on Chandler Blvd.   To say its a taco shop doesn't do it justice. We had a fish taco, carne asada taco and the el presidente burrito and they all were excellent. We also got the chips, salsa and guacamole but we also added a side of their green chili that was out of this world!!The have the bomb cocktails too! We started with their black cherry mojitos and ended with a drink called "The Mail Order Bride" that literally was so good I could have drunk ten of them! Definitely my new fav Mexican food place!
5	AMAZING!!!!!I have lived in the valley for 25 years and have always struggled to find great Mexican food until now. This is a charming southeast valley authentic joint that must be on your list of places to go! The green chili is some of the best I have had on either side of the boarder and now with the recent addition of top notch Mexican beers it even tastes better. Their fresh chips and salsa is spicy goodness, I could have just had that for dinner!Go out of your way and make sure you stop by this well done Mexican delight!!Great job Espos!!Brook
4	We are back!!!  We ate here on a regular basis a few years ago and then the place and food declined to where we said never again!  We went back again this past Friday (5/31) and although the place still needs a good cleaning and paint job...the food was so what we remember!  I had the carnitas and my partner had the enchaladas and we also had chips and salsa.  No complaints...only full and happy customers!!!  Can't wait to go back for green chili...looked fabulous.
5	Espos is a great place with amazing food. Everything I have ever ordered has been top notch. Will I be going back there soon??? Within ten minutes!!!
5	Machaca Chimichanga -- awesomeness. One of my favorite two Mexican restaurants in the Phoenix Metro.
5	This place has become our family's favorite Mexican restaurant. Friendly staff, incredible food, atmosphere kinda ghetto... just how it should be. When you walk in the first time, they toss out a sampler of their best meats. And it's not the basics, it's their house specialties. I always get the machaca beef burrito (I add cheese, beans and rice, and get it extra grilled) with a side of sour cream, and it blows my mind every time. My wife gets the bean and cheese burrito and prefers it over Some Burros and Filiberto's. For dessert we recommend the sopapillas. Delicious. Get an ice cold Coca-cola in the bottle to top it off. Overall, especially considering the good prices, this is a fantastic eating experience. Just don't plan on eating the rest of the day! ;P
1	I recently went to lunch at Espos, and engaged in an epic battle for a churro.As I approached the counter to get my chorizo burrito and churro, the churro was missing and a plate of sopapillas was there instead. Before I could say anything, the woman behind the counter said bluntly, "We're out of churros, so I gave you sopapillas."I thought about it for a second, and realized only a churro was really worth the extra flab my friends would see at the pool that weekend, and told her, politely, I'd really just prefer to not have sopapillas."You just want your dollar back?" she barked, as if I had asked her to drive to the U.S. treasury to collect one. I said yeah, I just love churros, and don't think I need anything else.She huffed to the register, grabbed a dollar, and handed it to me.Now look, one doesn't want to be petty, but really, the churro (after tax) costs $1.26. As I looked at her face that was saying, "Why couldn't you just eat your damn sopapillas like I told you to?" it occurred to me I shouldn't have to pay Espos twenty-six cents for a churro I never got."I think it was a $1.15 on the menu," I said.Oh man, now she was pissed. Saying nothing, she hit a few buttons on the register, "returned" a churro officially, and handed me $1.26.All of that drama might be worth it, if the chorizo didn't taste as bland as watery ground beef. Sorry, Espos, I'll just drive to Someburros a block away.
5	My husband grew up in Chandler and has been telling me how good the food is here for 10yrs. We just moved back to Chandler from Mesa where you can't find a good Mexican food place to save your life! I was hesitant to try Espos because from the outside, it looks questionable. LOL. It's literally a hole in the wall type of place. But I am SOOOOO happy we tried it. The food is amazing!!! We love Mexican food and have struggled to find good, authentic, Mexican food places so I am over the moon about living close to Espos so I can get my Mexican food fix whenever I want! :)
2	Here I was thinking for some bizarre reason that their carne asada would be better than morenos or mi casita in chandler and boy was I wrong.  I had come here for (street tacos) carne asada tacos hoping I would find another joyous Mexican place I would be fond of.  Their carne asada had a very weird texture or lack of I should say with very little flavor or crispiness in the slightest its almost like they boiled it and threw it on the stove and swished it around til it got hot but not crisp obviously.If their carne asada was amazing id be in heaven with how ginormous the size of those things are. I wish someone would have warned me that they are no where near street taco size they are like street tacos on steroids.  I am in love with the usual street tacos because my stomach will only allow a max of 3 in my stomach at a time.  The pico de gallo has a lot of minced jalapenos so beware. My spicy tolerance is slowly diminishing where I can no longer handle extreme heat like that. I do happen to like their red sauce though  it is spicy enough for me to handle to dip my not as spicy food into to add the heat with each bite.  Not much to really say besides I wasted a lot of money for two tacos. So overpriced and the longest wait known to man for 2 tacos. 30 minutes for 2 tacos is crazy.  I understand you are busy but 30 minutes really?I doubt ill ever return to this establishment.
4	Talk about GOOD food! I first tried Espo's back in April 2006, I had just moved here and was tired from unpacking so I ventured out and came across (almost missed it though, it can be a bit hard to spot) Espo's, decided to stop in because the little mom n pop hole in the wall places always have good food.I've been continuing to eat here for the last seven years. Sure, it's decorated a little cheesy and it's the kind of place that, sometimes I think, I probably don't want to know how (un)clean the kitchen is, but damn is it good food. I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered there and will continue to go and recommend it to my friends looking for good, authentic, Mexican food.
5	A bit surprising, but the best fish and chips around can be found here!  Pete's doesn't come close. Crispy, always fresh, and generous portions for $5.99. One of my favs when not getting the green chili beef items. Fish tacos kill Rubio's here too. Bigger, crispier, and way fresher tasting.
2	Damnit, damnit, damnit! I wanted to write a good review of this little mom and pop restaurant. On the surface it's got a lot going for it; it's quaint and sufficiently run down enough to make you think it's one of those small gems, it's gotten great reviewsIn the past, it smells like a good Mexican food place should, and it's been around forever. Unfortunately it did not live up to expectations. I got a bean burrito with sour cream and a large horchata. The tortilla was excellent, but the beans were so cold that they didn't melt (or ever warm) the clump if cold cheese inside, leaving me with what is essentially a burrito-cicle. I came in relatively early at 11:10 so I suspect that they just were not really ready for me. The taste wasn't bad, it was just that it was too cold to really enjoy. As a sidenote, the horchata was so sweet that it was almost undrinkable, and had the taste and consistency of coffee creamer.What a shame.
2	WAY overpriced for what you get. Cheap ingredients, bland food.
3	We liked it but probably not enough to come back. We got El Presidente, which is a green chili and carne Asada burrito. It was spicy and a good flavor, but I wasn't loving the carne asada texture. And although the flavor was pretty good, it needed pico or guacamole or something to give you a break from the spice and the flavor. The carnitas burrito was better, and the carnitas texture was great. Love that. But again, it needed something to mix it up a bit. It was just meat and spice. Next we got the green chile tamale. That was very good. But usually tamales aren't enough alone for me to love a place. Really what Espo's needs is a salsa bar with limes, different kinds of salsas, but especially some pico. Finally, the folks at the counter were nice. However the table was sticky and there were several flies buzzing me. It had an interesting smell that wasn't Mexican food. Not bad, but didn't make it more appealing either.
2	OK but seems to be living off its history and loyal patrons.  Damn sure not worth a no-apologies 35 minute wait for a single person's meal to be made on a not very busy Sunday night.  This is the last time I waste my time waiting for middle-of-the-road mexican.  Congrats, Espo's. You chased another one away.
5	If you want real Mexican food, this is the place.  The machaca beef is extremely tender and has a wonderful flavor.  I highly recommend the machaca beef chimichanga.  The atomosphere isn't your traditional American restaurant rather it feels like you are in Mexico have a great dinner and margarita!
5	We called them early this morning and asked if they could create a family style meal for one of our teams...not only did they do it...they nailed it! We had MORE than enough food for the team, in fact I am sure they will have plenty to eat on for a few days. The service was fantastic. The food was delicious. The prices was excellent!I will take the family here from now on!
5	As a Chandler Arizona native, I have a VERY warm place in my heart for Espo's Mexican Food... I've been coming here since I was old enough to eat a burrito!!!Dont come here expecting fancy schmancy ambiance...Come here for Delicious, Authentic Mexican Food served up fast in a very casual setting. You cant go wrong, everything on the menu is delicious & prepared daily. This "Mom & Pop" restaurant opened its doors in 1974 & has been Family owned & operated for over 40 years. Great if you want good food fast & aren't trying to wine & dine.We usually call ahead & pick up our food to go, but there is also a small dining room inside & an outside patio with seating as well.My favorites are the shredded beef tacos and the bean & cheese burritos...and they have the BEST Green Chili!!! Everything on the menu is delicious. See More Here: http://thesuiteworld.com/dining/espos-best-mexican-food-restaurant-chandler-arizona-dining/
4	I love this place. I hadn't visited this establishment in over 17 years. As I told this to the gentleman that took my order, his response was "It hasn't changed at all (the food)" and I totally agree. I remember way back then, I would look back into the kitchen and see Nana's, Mamas and Tia's cooking, which to me says this place is truly authentic.  I had ordered what I always got before, the green chile plate and just for funsies, I tried one of their green tamales. I swear the tamale tasted exactly like my Nana made every Christmas! The green chili plate comes in a foil pan filled with the green chile, beans and rice. All the food touches so if you don't like that sort of thing... ask for them separated. Oh! I forgot to mention as I had also forgotten that it comes with a huge taco as well, I seem to remember them coming in shredded beef and this one was ground beef but it was still very delightful. I ate outside on the patio and it was a little loud but I was alone so if I had someone to talk to I probably wouldn't have noticed much. They gave me bottle full of green salsa to compliment the meal and I had bought a soft drink that was refillable. It was a small cup 12 oz I believe so I had to refill a lot since I'm such a wuss a eating real chile ( yah yah I know I know, I also don't speak Spanish either). Anyhow I noticed that you can buy the tamales by the dozen there, I'm not sure how much that would be since I know I paid something like 3 dollars for the ONE I had. I have to say, prices sure have gone up. I asked how much for a tortilla and almost choked when he said 3.95 or 4.95 depending on the size (12 in or 14 in). I said... uh maybe I'll just stop at Food City and get a whole dozen (but boy are they delicious). In short. I love this place. It is not fancy, you can be very casual when going there. It is safe to say, this is the spot Hispanic people go to to get REAL Mexican food. Filibertos is kinda a joke in comparison to this place and be prepared to pay for the upgrade in flavor. I will definitely be back for more! As a matter of fact, I want more now!
5	Their Green Chili Quesadilla and their Chicken Enchilada plate are to die for! One of my favorite spots!
5	The best Mexican food in Chandler.  Our church group started having taco nights here a few years ago, and they are so nice.  El Presidente Burrito is the best thing on the menu!!
5	I'm sick about them closing the place down... I loved it.
