5	We love this school! My 7 yr old daughter has been taking classes her for about 3 months and we could not be happier.  She loves it and the  disciple has helped at home. You get a lot of individual attention. I would recommend this school for everyone.
1	When our son started here 2 years ago it was amazing . The instructors were phenomenal and my son really LOVED karate.  They pushed several competitions throughout the year so we decided to train for one and try it.  My son was only 4 at the time of his first competition.  We paid A LOT of money on top of the already expensive tuition to have one on one sessions to train for competition.  When it came time for the competition we found out they don't send their instructors and we were completely on our own.  EVERY other studio sends instructors along with a team of supporters for their competitors.  We continued to compete, and the kids who represented Sandoval usually ended up with first place wins.  Their training and trainer was amazing, but was often denied permission to attend competitions.  The kids were NEVER recognized for their achievements on their website or Facebook page.  Karate was my son's main passion and now it's really fizzled out.  He was in the same class for over 9 months and had so many younger/new kids join that he completely dominated the class when the sparred.... not in a good way because it didn't make him any better of a fighter.  Sad to see it go downhill so fast but we won't be back.
4	We immigrated from Europe exactly 12 months ago and were looking for an activity that will help our kids accommodate to the new environment. After some internet research, we found Sandoval relatively close to where we live and scheduled trial classes. My daughter, 7.5 and my son, almost 6, are attending the classes since May 2014 and are very happy. Four stars are because of the following reasons: 1. After the trial class, they took us to a back room and played the now or never, if you sign in now, the uniforms are free but today only. We were determined to sign them in before we went on the first class, but we didn't like the hard approach, which here (USA) we learned, it is everyday practice. 2. It is expensive. You have to sign a six months contract, pay for every exam, new belt and sparring equipment. Regardless of the listed facts, we are happy with the kids progress and will continue to go. We like the discipline, the excersize, the self defense techniques, the instructors dedication and determination to teach the kids, the hygiene and the overall atmosphere. See you there :)
4	My son has been going here for a year and a half and loves it. This is one of the places where he never wants to miss a class. The pace of the lessons is appropriate for the age level and the kids also get one on one practice time with the teachers.
5	My boys have been going to Sandoval Karate since June 2013.  Initially, we picked Sandoval Karate because of the location and we couldn't have been happier with our decision.  My kids absolutely love the instructors and enjoy getting recognized for their hard work and determination.  The instructors strive to make the classes fun while learning self-defense techniques, self-control, coordination, discipline, and focus.  I was really impressed with how quickly the instructors learn all the kids' names and how well they focus on working one-on-one with them.  I enjoy watching my kids grow and become confident with every belt promotion.  Thank you Sandoval Freestyle Karate!
