3	please don't ever ever ever...chill and serve bourbon neat, in a martini glass. i was feeling generous at the bar tonight but please don't repeat this err.please get snifters & Jim Beam...Update:Got my drink correct this time. Different bartender makes a world of difference.
5	I am wondering if Ken M or Louie U have actually been to Vesper. I've been twice now, and it is fantastic! There is no piano or cigar lounge, and nothing in the Cosmopolitan would be reminiscent of old Vegas. As for the chilled bourbon, ever heard of a Manhattan? That is bourbon/whisky drink that comes chilled in a martini glass, perhaps Louie had one of those. Anyways, Vesper is a premium cocktail lounge that has a cocktail list far superior to anything I've seen in this city. This is the kind of place that cocktail aficionados will go to. The bar is stocked with fresh fruit purees, homemade syrups, and all sorts of tincture looking bottles that remind me of an apothecary store. I had a drink called the Violet Femme, which was unreal and came topped with a candied violet. It was almost too pretty to drink. My friend had a Pina Colada type drink that was dessert in a glass. Half the fun was watching the bartender make it, as it's quite involved. I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the list. Oh, and the bartenders are cute, too.
4	Quick!  Where are your favorite places to get cocktails in Las Vegas?  If Downtown Cocktail Room, Herbs & Rye or (the lesser known) Twin Creeks were part of your thought process, then proceed to the Vesper Bar at your earliest convenience.  Another bar staffed by mixologists has opened up in Las Vegas, and this time it takes it's place in the newest property on The Strip, The Cosmopolitan.I've been to Cosmopolitan two times; the first time was to see the new property, and the second time was specifically to visit The Vesper Bar due to it appearing on this list: http://www.drinkspirits.com/best/top-5-cocktail-bars-in-las-vegas/When you're listed amongst DCR and Herbs & Rye on that kind of list, well, you've certainly piqued my interest.  The Vesper was actually the first venue inside the Cosmopolitan that I saw as I got off the elevator on my first visit.  And to me it just seemed like another casino bar, ready to serve Coronas and vodka cranberries to it's patrons.  Oh, how wrong I was; the first clue was the name of the bar: Vesper.  The name of a cocktail that made it's way into bars through none other than James Bond.  The menu here has a very neat layout: on the left hand pages, classic cocktails are listed along with a brief history of the drink.  On the right side is a corresponding cocktail recipe; the Vesper Bar's take on that classic cocktail.  I wish I had taken a picture of the menu, as I tried a handful of drinks, all of which I've forgotten the names.  Have you ever had a cocktail that used Earl Grey syrup as one of it's ingredients?  Throw in some Bombay Sapphire Gin, with a little magic, and you have a drink where the sum of it's parts tastes nothing like you would expect.All this praise and history and rambling, yet I gave this place four stars.  The reason for that is the price of the individual drinks.  Expect to pay $12 to $14 per cocktail.  While these drinks are very well crafted, other bars in town can offer the same quality for half the price.  I told myself I would be okay paying this much for a good drink, but seeing the receipt tally up to $65 for one round of drinks for 5 people was a little hard to stomach.This is just a "placeholder" review; I need to visit again and remember the drinks that I've tried, along with details on what they are made with.  An update is already in order.  But I felt that I had to write this review and get it up to help spread the word about this excellent new bar in Las Vegas.  Like I said at the beginning, if you enjoy a good cocktail, you need to stop by The Vesper Bar.
3	This bar, and all the bars at the Cosmo for that matter, are known for their cocktails. I should have tried one. Instead we opted for a chardonay that was unbearable sweet. I'll know better next time.This bar is located right off the main lobby. Not really a place to hang out for a long time. More like a bar to chill while waiting for the rest of your group to show up. While you're waiting, try a cocktail, not the wine.
4	My friends and I went to the Chandelier Bar before dinner on a visit to Cosmo. We enjoy our specific cocktails best, 2 of us enjoy dirty martini's with Chopin vodka and blue cheese stuffed olives, the other 2 of us like Hendricks Gin with cucumbers (kind of considered old people drinks, but hey, we love them!), both hard to get all of the ingredients while we're out sometimes. When we tried to order these drinks at the Chandelier Bar the waitress told us Vesper Bar would have the blue cheese olives and cucumbers. So, for our after dinner drinks we were excited to check it out and get our favorites! Big disappointment because they didn't have either! So, we just ordered what came to mind since we didn't even look at the menu since we thought we know what we'd be getting. Those drinks were OK (just regular dirty martini's and gin & tonics), but after hearing about all of the other cool specialty cocktails they had on their menu.I'd love to give them a second try. Decor was nice, had a good time, just disappointed that they didn't have the specialty items we were told that they had!
4	Swanky bar with good cocktails and clientele meant for people watching and eavesdropping. Did I just say that? Well it's true.  The patrons here provide the entertainment, and make for great stories.  Such as the DB next to us who bought a bottle of Cristal ($800) for 2 Russian chicks and shotgunned it!  Shots of Cristal, never a dull moment in Vegas. To make matters worse, he ordered regular shots AFTER downing the Cristal....ummm, shouldn't that have gone the other way around? Come here for a great cocktail. I have high standards for drinks and this place was spot on. Can't remember the name of the drink I had but it had maraschino liquor, vodka, rose wine, and garnished with 3 raspberries.  Delicious!  Plus the bartenders are friendly, quick, and know what they're doing, which makes your experience that much better.
5	NOTE: My review has nothing to do with the prices of the drinks at the bar, just for the experience-- which was AWESOME. Prices for drinks ANYWHERE on the strip are redonkulous, except if you're gambling because of course the drinks are always free. For wandering eyes, there is always something around you to catch your attention whether it be the pillars, the lighting fixtures or the drunken monkeys running around bare foot. The decor is GORGEOUS. Very modern and preeeety. You're within view of the changing pillars in the lobby/ front desk area. The bar has limited seating with (usually) easy access to your bartender and then you have the surrounding areas with additional seating where you're served via cocktail waitress. Beware of the best bartender ever-- George, Jorge, Georj, didn't get the spelling but he is such a doll. My GF and I were sitting at the bar for awhile and he was just real nice and provided the experience that you should have at any bar. Not to mention, he's easy on the eyes ;)Prior to our experience with George, there was another bartender that, if I could, would have rated this place, at a -10 stars. That fohawk wearing *bad word* failed to check up on us and when we'd go over to him to order more drinks, he'd move to the other side of the bar to serve OTHER people, gah. But that experience is now a distant memory. Georgy peorgy, you done good.
5	So, went here with my wife and her best friend recently.  I have to say, really amazing drinks.  The prices are a little bit high, but let me remind you all of something, YOU'RE IN VEGAS!!!  If you want cheap drink and to remain in Nevada, head to Tonopah, Ely, Winnemucca, etc.  You get the drift.  The bartenders are all really knowlegeable and didn't hesitate whatsoever when I just asked them to make me a delicious vodka cocktail.  Best. Cocktail. Ever.  Had fresh basil, vodka, and other stuff.  I would recommend this bar to anyone in town for a weekend, or locals wanting to see the new Cosmopolitan!
5	I went there probably 6 times in my recent trip to Las Vegas. I am a cocktail snob. I like to test bartenders on old drinks, and they passed every one with flying colors. Jack Rose and Ward 8 with homemade grenadine, brandy crusta, a real (not red) Mai Tai, Singapore Sling, more I can't recall. Plus I let them make me a few that they liked. The bartenders are friendly, and delight in talking about cocktails. They introduced me to brands I had not known about (an old tom gin called Ransom for example), gave me little tastes of them so I could better appreciate them. They never blinked at any order, and catered to me like I was an old friend. They have a lot of customers who come in and don't know what they're missing when they order a Jack and Coke or a Corona with lime. That they tolerate them (it's kind of like going to a high-end restaurant and asking your chef to make you some toast) is amazing to me. That's why they are in hospitality and I am not. If you don't know much about cocktails, but have an open mind, come here and put yourself in their hands. Oh, and I did not find the prices to be outrageous. The pours are generous, and when you're making a drink that requires 6+ ingredients, carefully measured, and presented artfully (so many kinds of twists I saw!), the $10-$12 is worth it. Have 3 drinks, concentrate on them as fine cuisine and not mere vehicles for intoxication, and afterwards go to the casino and get toasted on free drinks at the tables if you must.
4	Such a great lobby bar. Props for the comfy bar stools. Excellent people watching. Fantastic cocktails.I love the way the cocktail menu is set-up. On the left-hand side are the names of classic cocktails with their time era and a summary of each. On the right-hand side are the bar's twists on those classic cocktails with, of course, the ingredients and price. And the cocktails are different from those available at other Cosmo bars.I had a lovely twist on a pina colada that was served in a champagne class and comprised of bruleed cinnamon. It went down like a glass of milk and was all-around fab.This is definitely a place to stop every time you are in the Cosmo. However, I can't quite give it 5 stars as while the bartenders were very nice, they paid little attention any of us sitting around the bar. I understand when it is busy (which it really wasn't at this time), but at least a nod or "I'll be right with you" would be nice. There were a couple of folks who stood at the bar for over 10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged they were there.
3	While we waited for our room to be ready, we picked this bar to relax, have a cocktail and doing some people watching. Two out of three were spot on. The bar has a great atmosphere, the people watching is nonstop interesting and the cocktails were phenomenal BUT only having one waitress available for a full bar we quickly passed over an hour on just one round.
4	One of my favorite bar and lounge at one of my favorite hotels in Vegas! I love casino Royal movie, I 'v been wanting to try that Vesper martini ever since I 'v seen that movie! my dream came true! thanks to cosmopolitan hotel! This is a beautiful bar, located at the main entrance of the hotel, bar is surrounded by mirrored tiles, and some real red roses at lounge area, very romantic, waitresses are so friendly and pretty! very easy on the eyes. :) drink menu is all from 007 films, very interesting. I ordered Vesper martini of course, its very strong and tasty ! I loved it. had 2 of those, try Dutch roae too, its really good, we hung there for about 2 hours, ordered a couple drinks. Drinks are from $12-14. This bar is so romantic in the back, comfy sofas and couches, perfect for some cuddling and intimate times. Or people watching in the front during the day.
4	Great bar!  What's not to like in Vegas.  The drinks are a little pricey, it's Vegas, everything is expensive.   Service was great, drinks were strong and the ambience was amazing   Overall, it was cool ass-kickn bar!
4	Oh, what a little gem.  Went here after a delicious dinner at Comme Ca.  It's the bar closest to the check in desk and right when you step off the west elevators.  At first I thought the place was very noisy because, duh, it's in the middle of the walkway with lots of girls stuffed like sausages into tight dresses walking by, but I discovered if you sit on the side of the bar closest to the registration desk, it's quieter and still allows for some 5-star people watching.I ordered a Hot Mule after reading about it from another Yelper.  Delicious.  My husband wanted a Blood and Sand, which wasn't on the menu.  He asked the bartender if he knew how to make one and the guy smirked and said, "Of course."  I like my bartenders cocky and knowledgable about their drinks.  I already loved this guy.Best of all was the price.  I don't know if we came during a Happy Hour or what, but the menu said my drink was $14 and when the bill came, it was only $10!  Surprise!Pics attached of our lovely cocktails.
5	Get there.  Go on.  What are you waiting for?  GO.
5	Vesper Bar @ Cosmopolitan LV: StripFriday April 23, 2011Five Stars2 a.m.They served the Best Cocktails I have ever had and No one there even appreciated them.Favorite Drinks:1. Pimms Cup2. White Linen3. Dealer's Choice Bulleit Cocktail Each of the cocktails was well crafted, filled 2-3 ounces of liquor, and only cost $10 per drink. They used fresh ingredients and Distilled Water Ice Cubes.
5	One should not be surprised that a casino like the Cosmopolitan has such a swank lounge. The plush chairs with individual ottomans beg to be wallowed upon. If you are a single person, these are the perfect chair to kick  back upon. They are spaced out enough for privacy, but close enough to mingle, if you wish. When you have a party of three, or more, it is nice to sit at the bar. Speaking about the bar, the staff are easy on the eyes. Besides their good looks, they make a refreshing libation. I had been craving a mojito for a while now and when Aziz B. ordered one, I was quick to jump on the bandwagon. I cannot remember the last time I had been served such a phenomenal mojito. The lime and mint are distinct, the simple syrup is not overpowering, a bit bubbly from the soda water, and the generous pour of alcohol makes the $12 per cocktail not seem so bad.
5	after settling into our suite, we went down to Vesper bar and had Lillian as our bartender. she was just fantastic!!! she gave us recommendations and even prepared us some drinks she made up herself. she simply asked what kind of flavors i liked and she made me a drink. TWO of the best drinks i've ever had! seriously, it was surprising. no lie. she was the sweetest too! she made the boy a drink too and made him like gin. lol! it's how it's made is what makes it good. and she was just awesome!! the vibe was cool and modern but not much else to say as we came down during the day. the night time seemed to be a bit more upbeat with ppl really dressed up to go to this open bar area. definitely set the mood for the cosmo
5	Nothing short of amazing..... This is one of the few bars in town that I trust to make me a drink that consists of more then two ingredients (Ie. Jack n' Coke or Vodka Tonic). As a former bartender,  I am very picky with regards to how my drinks are made. To me, cocktails are art and the bartender, the artist. Where else in town can you order a legitimate Pina Colada that is not pre-made and poured from a slushy machine. Where else in town can you order a legit Moscow Mule and they know exactly what you are talking about. The bartenders at the Vesper Bar at Cosmo are a collection of the best of the best. And the best part? The prices were very reasonable for the drinks that were poured. Even if they had cost twice as much, I still would have been more then happy to pay the price for a five star drink.
5	My new favorite bar with my new favorite drink, the Violet Femme.  Gin, elderflower syrup, maraschino liqueur, lemon juice, and sugar on the rim - it's very yummy.  And pretty with a violet right in the middle! What I love most about this place is the people watching.  Grab a seat facing the walkway and let the fun begin.  Tourists with those huge drinks on a lanyard (there is one shaped like a guitar now), impeccably dressed women going clubbing in impossible shoes, a family of 3 passed out on a couch in the lobby, a few nip slips, and a ton of drunk people.  All there for your amusement.  Plus excellent cocktails.  The cocktail menu lists old favorites on one side of the menu labeled Cocktail 101 (e.g. Bloody Mary) with their answer to those old favorites on the other side of the menu labeled Dram and Sip (e.g. Mambo Italiano - a drink with antipasto in it!).  The Violet Femme is their answer to the Aviation.I've noticed a lot of the bars in the Cosmopolitan offer the same drinks.  You can probably get the Violet Femme or any of the other drinks at Chandelier Bar.  But the people watching, ample seating, and great staff makes the bar superior to the others.UPDATE: You can no longer get the Vesper Bar drinks at Chandelier or other bars.  I talked to a bartender at Chandelier and they are "forbidden" to make any of the drinks from the Vesper Bar.  Interesting...
5	While I was in Vegas and bored outta my mind, I called my "friend" Chris who moved to Vegas a few years ago so we could "chat".I was staying at the Cosmo so I told him to meet me at the Vesper Bar so we could have a drink and he could possibly slip me a quaalude *kidding*People watching here is amazing.  The bar area is pretty much empty most of the time, but there are so many people moving past from the hotel.  All kinds of walks of life, from everywhere.  The drinks all have interesting names and even more interesting ingredients.  Drinks are average prices, anywhere from 10-15 bucks, but they're worth it.  The bartenders are nice, and easy on the eyes.  If you happened to see an Asian guy making out with a tall white guy...That was probably me...God I'm such a slut, at least Chris cured my case of boredom.
4	"They" say everything in life provides a learning opportunity. Here's what I learned at the Vesper Bar last week: a White Lady cocktail is a Sidecar made with Gin.I wished I had my Yelp friend Alexandra S. with me to enjoy a White Lady as made at Vesper because she is the person who first clued me in about Sidecars several months ago. Sidecars have since become one of my favorite winter - spring cocktails. The White Lady version seems a perfect cocktail for summer months. (Move over, maybe, Perfect Margarita?) So here's a virtual toast to Alexandra S. who, by extension, introduced me to the White Lady. Everything is connected to everything else. ;-) Here's what I also learned from sipping a cocktail at the Vesper Bar: 1) The crystal beading that envelops the Chandelier Bar IS lovely but one cannot drink the beads and the mixologists there, at least those on the second floor of the three story bar, don't quite have expert mixology nailed down. The Vesper mixologists do. 2) Vesper is the best bar for relaxed people watching at the Cosmopolitan because it is adjacent to the registration desk and one of the concierge offices. . For the price of an excellent cocktail, you can easily gain an hour's worth of entertainment watching people come and go. Not quite free entertainment, but close enough by Las Vegas standards. 3) Each of the bars at The Cosmopolitan (including each of the three floors of Chandelier Bar) has their own specialty cocktail menu.  The one  at Vesper was the most interesting of them all for my husband and me, 4) The multi page menu at Vesper offers cocktails from standards to house specialties that run approximately $12 - $14, and use top quality ingredients so overall, by Las Vegas standards we thought they were a good value.
5	Vesper martini is one of the best drinks I've had in Vegas. The bartenders are more like architects than mixologists. Drinks are engineered to perfection.
4	One of my favorite bars in this city, located by the registration end of the Cosmo.  The  mixologists definitely know what they are doing at this bar, and they came up with their own twisted up version of the classic post exhibition era drinks.  Given that the Aviation is my lil addiction, their version of the Violet Femme is very tasty indeed.  Their version of the Manhattan is also very in depth, but potent.  Great trendy bar to hang out to people watch as well in the weekend.
4	Can I get a Hot Mule in this beeyotch? Apparently not. They are out of the Hangar One Spiced Pear Vodka that is a key ingredient. The bartender told me that they won't be able to get another bottle until October. I just checked Hangar One's web site and he's not kidding. The Spiced Pear is only made "once a year and in really small batches." But fret not. They will be making a variation of the Hot Mule with another vodka. It just wasn't available when I was there last week.So what does one order when their most popular drink is out? I went with the standard Moscow Mule. I actually enjoyed it quite a bit. I've recently discovered drinks made with Ginger Beer and this one comes on strong. It's the perfect beverage to let melt over the ice, which is usually how I like to enjoy my drinks.Like Herbs and Rye and Vanguard Lounge, Vesper lists the eras from which the drinks originated. I really enjoy this aspect of the bar experience. I'm a noob when it comes to cocktails, so it's nice to at least have an idea of a drink's origin.Finally, how can you not love a bar named after a Bond girl?"Three measures of Gordon's, one of vodka, half a measure of Kina Lillet. Shake it very well until it's ice-cold, then add a large thin slice of lemon peel. Got it?"Good
4	A lobby bar with not only style but actually pretty damn good cocktails.  The bar is located right next to the main lobby area of The Cosmopolitan.  It has a very chic modern vibe and has plenty of comfortable seating to relax and enjoy a cocktail.  The vibe is also relatively relaxed for Vegas and it's a great place to either bring a date or a group of friends to enjoy conversation.  The service was a little off at first, as we sat down at the bar and no one really greeted us.  Finally, we decided to just move to a nice sofa, where we were promptly greeted by a friendly and helpful server.  The cocktail menu is very creative.  On one side of the page, you see a list of classics, like the Manhattan and French 75, etc.  On the other side, is their creative twists on these classics.  I tried the Mayan, which is a nice spicy version of a Manhattan with "Aztec spices."  If you like your drinks with a little bit of a spicy kick, you have to try this.  While a lot of bars now days claim to be practicing the art of mixology, Vesper Bar actually does it and does it well.  I have been to several of the speakeasy bars in NY and LA, where prohibition style mixology has been reborn, and Vesper bar's cocktails can definitely compete.  I won't say it's the best, but definitely the best in Vegas.  So when you need a break from the clubs and have gotten past the vodka-red bulls and jack & cokes, pony up for a real cocktail at the Vesper Bar.
4	I WISH we had visited here more than once, because I learned about a new favorite drink:  the Moscow Mule.We stopped here one evening for drinks, and it was not very crowded, but there was a steady stream of people - good for people watching.  We sat at the bar although I might have preferred one of the cushioned chairs - it was a long day. :)I ordered the Moscow Mule, because of my love of all things ginger, and this drink does NOT disappoint. I love that the menu offers you a brief history of the drinks - it really does entice you to order things.  At least, I felt a bit suckered in by the "story" of the drink.  The two bartenders we interacted with were excellent - the first one seemed like he could pass for David Copperfield's love child...  and given it's Vegas, well... JUST KIDDING, David (and your fine attorneys!!).  But  really, the mannerisms and look were David circa...well...  (my attorney is telling me I shouldn't type any more!)  The other bartender was a bit more friendly, and didn't remind me of a celebrity lovechild.  The presentation of the drinks also sets them apart.  I ordered variations on the mule for the rest of my stay, and none matched Vesper Bar in terms of quality nor presentation.  This place is awesome.  I wish I could go back NOW.
5	Vesper is more of an upscale Lounge. It isn't the type of place you go for a crowd, but it's a good place to wind down (or up) with a yummy martini. The drink menu is impressive and the bartenders really know their stuff. If you are looking for a signature cocktail, trust in them and you will likely enjoy the results. With a smile, I was mixed up a custom concauction for my tastes specifically. Outstanding! Our group of 10 enjoyed the vibe and elegance here so much that we just hung out and didn't end up leaving to go anywhere else for the night. Read more Las Vegas and Los Angeles Reviews on my blog- http://rescuelashelters.wordpress.com/2011/07/06/the-best-of-the-las-vegas-strip/
3	Seems anything inside the Cosmopolitan is worthy of praise, and The Vesper Bar is no exception.  On my way to the fabulous Chandelier I passed The Vesper Bar, and thought "hmm.... I need a drink to get me to the Chandelier" (yeah only in Vegas is that thought process logical).So I stopped here, not alone of course.  My party and I went up to the Chic bar/lounge and I ordered a Moscow Mule.  Mmmmm delicious.  The only problem, their Moscow Mules don't come in Copper Mugs....  Darn, Darn, Darn.... That would have landed this place another star!  But it tasted delicious.This Ultra-Lounge is upscale without the smell of pretentiousness you'd find elsewhere.   Come here to prepare yourself for the Glamour and excellence that awaits you inside the Cosmopolitan, and on your way out.  You deserve it.
4	If the bartender wasn't having a "bad day" the first time I visited Vesper, I'd have given 5-stars for sure. Quality quality quality drinks and ingredients. They aren't bartenders, they're drink-masters or some other unique nomenclature. They made art with mint leaves, shakers, muddlers, and whatever else they used behind that counter. Not your average Vegas lobby bar. This place is super legit. They really take their time making superior beverages, so don't show up in a hurry. You'll be dissapointed in the wait, rather than impressed with the result.
4	If you are going to pay Strip prices for a drink, you should at least get to enjoy it in a beautiful setting. Vesper Bar offers just that, interesting drinks served in a relaxed, sophisticated lounge bar.After attending an event sponsored by Yelp at the Cosmopolitan's pool, Megan  M. and I stopped at the Vesper bar for a drink. We sat at a comfortable table which allowed us to enjoy some good conversation and people watching. Being a gin fan, I ordered the Violet Femme. With gin, elderflower syrup, maraschino liqueur, lemon juice, and sugar on the rim not only was this a beautiful drink but it was tasty as well. Definitely a sipper, not a chugger, but that is what you should be doing in in such a classy joint anyways in my opinion.The only reason I am docking a star is I felt like service could have been more attentive. Perhaps if we had sat at the bar this would have been a 5 star review. Regardless, next time I am on the Strip and craving a unique libation I will likely hit up Vesper Bar again.
3	It's inside The Cosmopolitan so I'm inclined to be negative cause that place sucks. However, this place is THE BEST SPOT ON EARTH for people watching because it's in frontin' hipster heaven known as The Cosmopolitan and it's right by the lobby and the elevators from the parking garage. So, if you go around 9-10pm on a night that Marquee is open, you'll be entertained watching all the girls try to walk in heels or the packs of douches in Affliction tshirts and too tight vests acting like they're extremely famous. The drinks are retarded expensive but they're no more than any other bar or lounge on the strip. Nothing on the menu is cheaper than $11 and some will run you up to $16. The waitresses are nice but when they approach you the first time, order your drink or expect to have to flag them down after waiting 20 minutes for them to come back over. I've been here twice and this situation has happened both times.It's really noisy but again, it's such good people watching that it's worth it.
5	in the cosmopolitan hotel which is so beautiful. they serve really fancy nice drinks. nice decor, very upscale loungy. i like it. located right by the lobby where u check in/out , close enough to grab a drink and head up to your room or on your way out
4	"Awww yeeaah!"I know. I'm so out of touch with catch phrases and hip sayings. Ah well. At least I know a nice bar when I see one.Vesper definitely treated us well as we chose this bar/lounge to kick start our evening activities during my BFF's '29 and still dayum fine' birthday weekend. Tasty, quality drinks in a beautiful setting with my bestie made for a fun evening.
1	We went on a Sunday afternoon.  There were four bartenders, and only three other people at the bar, all had drinks.  We were ignored by all of the bartenders for about 20 minutes before we could even order.  It's not like we weren't trying, we initially just made eye contact only to be ignored.  Then we started flagging them down, only for them to avert their eyes.  Finally, we had to flag down a waitress who got their attention.As for the drinks, it's really nothing special.  It looks like I may be the only one who thinks this, but with all the options within the Cosmo itself, I'd rather check out the Chandelier or Bond.
4	Let me preface this by saying this is not a "jack and coke" bar. It's a bar that specializes in signature cocktails. Go upstairs to the other bar if that's what you want, or even the other 11 bars within this hotel.We sat at the bar for probably 4 hours, just watching Jamie and Dory make drinks. I had a fabulous Bison Grass vodka, infused with bitters and a lemon rind. Jamie has ruined me because nobody will probably be able to make it anywhere else. Nor, is  Bison vodka at any restaurant.I had a great time, hanging out with my friends and chatting it up with the bartenders. I recommend not ordering anything from the menu, rather ask them to make you a cocktail. But, give them something to start off with. My friend said he wanted something Vodka based, that was spicy but refreshing. He had some sort of delicious cocktail that was made from chipotle vodka. Yes, Chipotle Vodka. I know my drinks, and I have never even heard of such a thing, but it was fabulous. If you ever stop or stay at the Cosmo, do yourself a favor and stop by this little lobby bar. The reasoning for the 4 stars, is because my favorite drink is the Gibson, and they didn't have cocktail onions. But, that's the only reason. Salud!
5	Fantastic bar. My all time favorite. Highly recommended for foodies. Extremely fresh and exotic ingredients, first class bartenders who invest serious time and effort into standard or custom made concoctions. Suggest Martini lovers have a "Vesper" Martini upon arrival. Also great for people watching. Dressing up is a must.
5	Hands down, best bar experience...ever.   Lilian (bartender) was pretty amazing and did such a good job at casually explaining the concept of the bar (between making drinks for others) that our stop for one drink became a 4hr experience.  Enjoying a cocktail made by a professional who loves what they do and is more than happy to share her/their random facts on the spirits they carry...awesome.
4	Glam, glitz, and good cocktails. Really good cocktails. That's what the Vesper Bar at The Cosmopolitan is all about. And smoke. Lots of it. Which always weirds me out coming from a non-smoking state. But whatever.On the hunt for great cocktails in Vegas I was escorted here by my knowledgable guide (as well as on recommendation from friends and LV Yelpers) and it did not disappoint. The sleek bar is crazy stylish. I love the mirrored and flashy decor and the style of the space. The drinks themselves were expertly made. I opted for a dealer's choice which was good and a hanky panky, which was excellent. The skills of these bartenders are readily present in spades. The only down-side? Expensive cocktails. $15 for a drink that would be $9 or $10 elsewhere. That's 50% extra - yikes! I get that I'm paying for the fancy surroundings but isn't that what the casino is supposed to pay for? I guess I'm in Vegas so I should just shut up and be thankful for such delicious cocktails, but 4 drinks on a tab that runs up to $55 without anything else is... yikes! Not a spot I'll be able to frequent. Especially when I can go a few blocks west and enjoy drinks on par for regular price. I won't hesitate to come back here if I'm on the strip and want a good drink,  that's for sure. I'll just have to save up for it. And the price is the only reason this is not a full 5-star.
5	You can find fancy cocktails and drinks at just about any bar in Vegas. So if you're looking for the classics (a Gin Fizz, a Long Island Iced Tea, or Rob Roy) or a shot of this or that, just about any bar will do. But if you want to discover a really unique drink, you have to seek the services of a mixologist who serves up specialty cocktails at a mixology bar.While bartenders mix and serve drinks, a mixologist develops their own recipes and has taken cocktail making to an art form. We're not talking about flair bar tending here, where cocktail shakers are thrown in the air and bottles are juggled. Mixologists infuse bourbon with bacon, use only the freshest fruit and veggies, turn to specific brands for their blends, include exotic ingredients in their drinks (like the Szechuan Button that leaves a tingly feeling on your tongue), and create a cocktail for you when you name your favorite poison or flavor, and guide them as to how savory, spicy or sweet it should be.Our favorite mixology bar in Vegas is the ulta-sophisticated and chic Vesper Bar at The Cosmopolitan Hotel. It's located off to the side of their front desk, so you can grab a drink right after you check in or end your trip with a cocktail at check-out time.Its talented mixologists love to put modern spins on classic drinks, and create multiple variations on them. Why settle for a plain old Manhattan, when you can have their take on it -- the Mayan, which combines rye, a floral bitter called Amaro Meletti, some cinnamon, and fig vermouth.Our last visit here was an early morning one, where mixologist Roger Gross was clearly wasting his skills serving coffee to sleepy guests who wanted nothing fancier than two creams one sugar. The professional that he is, he poured every cup of Joe with love and a smile, but his face really lit up when we told him we wanted to start our 6 a.m. morning with a bit more pep.He quickly mixed up a coffee-based drink for my wife with some black coffee, a bit of Tia Maria, some espresso-infused vodka, and a touch of cream. I suggested I wanted something spicy to start my day, and Roger served up a Burro Caliente. This is a spicier version of their Hot Mule that still uses ginger beer and ginger syrup, but substitutes spiced pear vodka with a chili pepper vodka. The Hot Mule is itself a revamped version of a traditional Moscow Mule for any taking Drink History 101.Roger is an evil genius when it comes to developing new concoctions and is always eager to tailor a drink for you, turning to the laboratory of spirits behind him (and his many jars of herbs and spices that sit on the bar) for inspiration. He is so bloody creative, that when a wimpy guest with an "upset tummy" who wanted to continue their all-night party handed him a bottle of Pepto-Bismol early one morning, he gladly accepted the challenge to turn it into a cocktail. After a botched first attempt, he muddled it with cucumber, and mixed it with some lime cordial, rose syrup, fresh lime juice and gin, and offered up what he named the Bubble Gut Gimlet! Party on!
5	FANTASTIC place.  We spent hours there one day (mid-week, blissfully uncrowded) and learned a ton from the bartender about mixology.  Love the vibe and the fresh ingredients here are incredible.  Friendly, low key and outstanding drinks.  Will definitely be back.  The Burro Calliente is my favorite drink of all time.  Suberb.
3	A very fancy bar right smack dab in the middle of the Cosmopolitan lobby... Perfect for people watching if you don't mind paying top dollar prices for the drinks. I always have an issue paying for drinks in Vegas, since they're free when you're playing at the tables and everywhere else I go it's comped. Ah the perks of knowing the right people.......................... Oh hell, who am I kidding. I don't know anyone! More like the perks of a push-up bra and stilettos! There - I said it!!!
5	Previous trips to Vegas had left me and the GF unfulfilled in our pursuit of quality, handcrafted cocktails.  We had stayed at the Cosmopolitan back in May and had checked out the Vesper Bar, but its cocktail menu, at the time, left us unimpressed with its preponderance of vodka and gin based drinks.  This time around, we decided to give it another try based on other reviews and were very glad we did!  Jamie (you'll recognize him by his shaved head and glasses), our very knowledgeable and friendly bartender, informed us that the Fall menu had recently gone into effect.  It was much more to our liking with a nice range of cocktails using darker spirits like bourbon and scotch.  On three separate occasions, we sampled a range of their drinks.  My favorite drink from the three visits was an off the menu original concocted by Jamie, the Country Time Lemonade.  It was a tart, but not overly so, refreshing take on the well-known Lynchburg Lemonade, using fresh ingredients and substituting the potent Booker's for Jack.  Surprisingly smooth, not surprisingly delicious!  Jamie is passionate about making great cocktails and delivers impeccable service.  Make sure you ask him to make you his Country Time Lemonade.  Another highlight, this one a Vesper original from their menu, was the Mayan, a Wild Turkey Rye, Amaro Meletti, cinnamon-fig infused vermouth, Angostura bitters, Aztec chocolate bitters, and a touch of cayenne.  A boozy drink, it drank very smooth throughout with a bit of heat at finish from the cayenne.  An excellent concoction!Vesper Bar became our unofficial launching pad for our evenings in Vegas.  Sure, it's just a much classier version of the standard hotel bar nestled in between the casino floor and the front desk area.  However, the Vesper Bar offers the best classic and original, handcrafted cocktails on the Strip...and without a doubt among the best in Vegas.
5	This is my favorite bar in the Cosmopolitan. It's much more quiet then Chandelier which I appreciate in a noisy city like Vegas. It's still beautiful and sparkly like Chandelier but with way better ingredients and better bartenders. When I first arrived I went straight for the bar and asked for something vodka and citrus based. He came up with the most delicious elderflower frothy lemonade herby concoction. Another evening, again, trusting the Bartender, he created a spicy beer based blend- I don't even know what it was but it rocked my socks off. Can't wait to go back.
4	Great little lobby bar at the Cosmo. Like many have said before me, they have innovative cocktails to try. The setting is quite nice and hip. I don't really enjoy lobby bars that much. I always feel like I'm rushing to head elsewhere or waiting for friends who are slow or late, but when you're doing such activities this place has great ambiance to do so. They have lots of seating, which I have to give it up to Cosmopolitan for this. Most of their bars include ample seating. The most important things to offer in my book. Great little spot, not to be missed in Vegas.
4	After an excellent delighting evening with friends or family, I always want to stop at this nice bar at Cosmo to get some admirable flavor of a divine beverages.  They make some great cocktails!!!If you love  Ciao Bella's Blood Orange Ice Cream, you might want to try their "A Perol Necklace(Bols Genever, Aperol, Blood Orange, Orange Flower, & Ginger Beer)"Also, "The Mayan" is pretty good if you are a fan of Rye Whiskey and Cinnamon.  "Sage 75" is another favorite of mine(Gin, Sparkling Rose, Sage, & Raspberries).  And the "Hot Mule" is awesome.  They use the Hangar One Spiced Pear Vodka, Ginger syrup, & Ginger Beer.  I usually like to try this during Summer time :P The colorful fruits (lemons, oranges, and lime wedges) are available on the bar for people who like to add these to their beer or mixed drink.The herbs and spices are all in the clear containers that you can glance at them while sipping your drink.  Very simple, clean, and well-organized bar set up which I like it a lot.Most of the drinks are $10 to $14 but, they are all well made drinks!  The Vesper Bar is a must try^^*
2	Yes it's a beautiful bar at the beautiful Cosmopolitan, but man the bartenders that night were horrible! I visit Vegas often and we always stop by The Cosmopolitan and usually we just get drinks from the waitresses walking around the gambling section, but I wanted to get a drink at every bar.  This bar was our last stop and man...these bartenders are rude!  We were sitting there for almost 15 minutes and the bartenders saw us there, but they were too busy flirting with a group of women.  Finally I flagged one down and he gave me the "annoyed" face I know you guys know what that looks like...its the face someone makes that makes you want to punch them in the face. Anywhoos, we got our drink and then he overcharged us! WTF FOOL I'M GOLD LEVEL DON'T EFFF W/ ME UGHHHHAfter that I left, I didn't even want to gamble anymore I was so annoyed...as I would say in Korean those guys are SSAGAJI OHP SUH which means self-centered and arrogant LOL
4	I wish I could give this bar two separate reviews, the first for cocktail quality and the second for other general things like seating, service, etc.Bottom line: cocktail quality is 6 out of 5 stars. Absolutely unbelievable drinks here.On the other hand, ambiance, service, noise level, and so on are fairly typical for a not-so-great bar on the Strip in Las Vegas and I'd give it 2.5 stars.Personally, this is one of my favorite bars, because all I really care about is getting a great drink. However, I know a lot of people focus on other things, so that's my take. Now that that's out of the way, let me tell you why this bar is amazing.I took my friend to this place a few weeks ago, since it's a 10-minute walk from my condo nearby, and we just wanted to have a drink anywhere really. When we sat down, I noticed that all the bartenders were in standard uniform, but one man was in a two-piece suit with a lovely tie, and his garb seemed managerial. With a huge stroke of fortune for me, he took our order: an Old Fashioned for me, and "something with Amaretto" for my indecisive companion.He decided to take significant creative liberties with my order, which I turned out to be eternally grateful for, and he concocted a libation of beautiful complexity for hers. I have memorized the recipe for the new spin on an "Old Fashioned" that was served to me:2oz. Glenmorangie 121oz. Sloe gin1oz. Lillet RougeOrange bittersLemon twistShaken and served up with a homemade pickled cherry. They make their own cherries. If you're not smiling right now, we're not friends.This drink, as a whiskey fan, is ABSOLUTELY divine and quite literally has changed my life forever. I don't think I'll ever go out drinking to a reasonably well-stocked bar and forego asking for this cocktail for as long as I shall live. It doesn't yet have a name, but you must try it if you love whiskey. You can substitute whatever whiskey you want in place of the Glenmorangie, and all of them will impart their own unique twists. You'll have a very hard time finding Lillet Rouge in many places, so try substituting any cherry or berry liqueur in place of it, such as Cherry Herring. It makes for another great drink.The "something with Amaretto" turned out to be a beautifully complex recipe including a ginger liqueur, cayenne pepper, and a bay leaf. The flavor of this drink changed multiple times throughout a sip, and showcased all of its components individually. It was heavenly.
4	I was pleasantly surprised to find a Mixology/ista bar in Las Vegas! The cocktails here are still a little mainstream and aren't as close to NYC's PDT/Milk & Honey or SF's Bourbon&Branch, but still, rock solid and delectable!Plan to spend $10-$16 per drink. You can order from the menu, or talk to your bartender and explain what sorts of flavors you enjoy, and he/she'll test your palate.Great for grabbing a drink and having good conversation, or simply starting the day/night right before you head out for your Vegas ways~
5	People who don't allow themselves to be immersed in the experience that is Vesper are missing out tremendously.  Granted they make all of the standards very well, but to fully appreciate it you'll want to inform your bartender what type of spirits & flavors you are in the mood for and you'll be conjured up something extraordinary, something to remember for quite some time.All of my drinks had tequila in them (my spirit of choice) and I like heat, so habanero was used liberally and the muddled cucumber had a cooling finish.  The wife hates tequila, the bartender said that she wouldn't taste it or she'd get another drink no problem or cost... there was no replacement drink and for the first time in a decade the wife drank tequila.  If a bartender can make a drink with tequila for a tequila-hater and 2 of them are ordered, you know the place has to be ballz.
5	"A dry martini," [Bond] said. "One. In a deep champagne goblet."    "Oui, monsieur."    "Just a moment. Three measures of Gordon's, one of vodka, half a measure of Kina Lillet. Shake it very well until it's ice-cold, then add a large thin slice of lemon peel. Got it?"    "Certainly, monsieur." The barman seemed pleased with the idea.    "Gosh, that's certainly a drink," said Leiter.    Bond laughed. "When I'm...er...concentrating," he explained, "I never have more than one drink before dinner. But I do like that one to be large and very strong and very cold and very well-made. I hate small portions of anything, particularly when they taste bad. This drink's my own invention. I'm going to patent it when I can think of a good name."    --Ian Fleming, Casino Royale Places everyone!  Cue lights, music. Roll cameras!  Mark!  Action!  After a brilliant birthday dinner at The Barrymore, we gravitated like a magnet to this bar.  Not as dramatic in ambiance as The Chandelier with all its bedazzled finery, the Vespar Bar is a bit more discreet with a clientele a little older, more mature, more sophisticated.  Well, maybe I speak for myself.  There's a swankiness here that cannot be explained but only experienced.  Perhaps the name Vesper is meant to be a refrained whisper that sounds more intriguing each pass of the lips.  The signature drinks here are phenomenal and brink on legendary.  Case in point being their Hot Mule (Hanger One Spiced Pear, Housemade Ginger Syrup, Lemon, Angostura, Ginger Beer & Mint).  So best to order up, not down.  Explore the liquid artistry of the mixologists and challenge them to create a masterpiece rather than paint by numbers and pop open a can.  Faux pas is wearing Manolo and ordering Grey Goose with a can of energy you could easily buy at 7-11.  All dressed up and still ordering like a kid.  Our mixologists shakes his head and says to us, "Wide awake and drunk."  No Manolo could class that drink up.  Oooh Vesper, is that you at the corner bar stool?  Your platinum blonde hair, your deep blue lagoon eyes, luscious lips and hourglass je ne sais quoi.  Nope, just a very high end "professional companion" going for about $350/hour. "I'm afraid I'm a complicated woman," is what Vesper Lynd said in "Casino Royal".  Oh, I have no doubt.   Just another actor on the stage of life, entertaining those still sober to care, sipping a crafty cocktail (or three or four) and taking in the scene.  No less, a great place to call it a wrap.Happy 2012!
4	A small bar near the hotel concierge.- offers a breakfast menu- $12 mimosas- took the bartender awhile but he apologized for the wait- seating around the entire bar
5	This was my favorite of the Cosmo bars.  We went here every night of my 4 night stay.  Great atmosphere, great service, great drinks!  We enjoyed the more laid back feel of this bar, and the big couches on the side were nice and relaxing.  Make sure you visit this bar if your at Cosmo.
4	Adorable lobby bar that doesn't feel like it's right in a lobby. Way bigger than it looks from the casino side. Nice drinks, good bartender, and cool atmosphere. It's super cute too. I'm always the DD so I got a non alcoholic drink and the bartender gave me a huge drink for the price of the small one. Pretty awesome!!!
4	I love the cosmo!a grp of friends and i arrived at this bar around 1am. . .after an 8hr car ride from OC!NYE/bday festivites began! The bartender was super friendly and made our drinks super stiff.An order of a cadillac margartia, remy n coke, goose n sprite, 2 beers, and jack n cokes. . .of course the drinks were on the pricey side, but hey its VEGAS!This bar was on the lower level near the lobby, beautiful crystal chandielier!
4	My husband and I tried three drinks each here on Boxing day.  Each one was fabulous and our server never let us sit long before checking on us.
4	This bar was one of the lights in a confusing stay in Vegas. Jamie, our bartender, took great care of us. Carole C. had the Vesper, a drink inspired by James Bond and his antics....while I went for the Blue Blood and enjoyed it immensely. While people were sitting at the bar, many were allowing Jamie to do his thing by ordering off the menu or allowing him to create them something special. This was good, because I wouldn't come to this bar looking for a standard drink...you can get that about 30 feet away, on the casino floor for free...just saying...the drinks here are more about the quality of ingredients and training of their staff...so it makes sense that the drinks would be a bit more expensive. Carole and I had fun here as we met Tomas and his friends who decided to buy us multiple rounds of drinks. Too bad that we hadn't discovered the wonderful drinks at this bar earlier in our trip, we probably would have bartered some of our terrible hotel experiences for free drinks here!
3	pricy; but worth it.The drinks at this place are more than "drinks." They are drinkable art-forms.Every one of the drink recipes are out-of-the-ordinary. But don't come here to order a "jack and coke" or something boring like that. Spend the extra cash to get an "art drink" =]
2	A low 2.5 starsGood drinks, SLOW SERVICE. I never got the apology the other users got when things took too long, maybe we didn't seem like high-rollers... The cocktails were expensive but thats expected considering their location in the hot new casino on the strip. Decent music and comfortable couches helped with the wait. This place really deserves 1.5 stars, but I bumped it up a star since the drinks were tasty.Oh, make sure to ask for tap water to help rehydrate or be prepared to get a $5 bottle of Figi water. No thanks.
5	It s always a real treat to return to Vesper everytime I go to Vegas. I wish every bartenders could be as skilled and knowledgeable as those guys.Everything is fresh, made from real fruits (not the concentrated crap), they use the proper  tools and take pride in their work. You can basically add the term "artisan" bartender to their craft.The best part is that they are open 24/7!!! So whenever you feel like sipping on one of the best cocktail of your life head to vesper at the cosmo.Trust me you won t regret it! Make sure to seat at bar to get serve fast and enjoy watching the experts at work.
4	Overall great place to start our stay at the Cosmopolitan on a Friday afternoon!  After check-in we elected to get a cocktail prior to heading up to the room.  Our bartender was fantastic and even though the bar was getting crowded we were promptly served.  We had the hot mule and a a gin and tonic.  The ginger in the hot mule was delicious and so good we ordered another by a different bar tender and it was equally delicious!  Great place to start the weekend!
4	I really like this bar. It is perfect for sitting down, grabbing a drink and people watching or carrying on a conversation. The bartenders are pleasant and sometimes try to add a new spin on a drink you are ordering. I appreciate this type of interaction from the bartenders. Unlike a time at a different bar where I  described what I was in the mood for and asked the bartender for suggestions or even speciality drinks and his response was basically he wouldn't risk me not liking it so I should pick something! What the hell?!  I never had that problem at Vesper.. the bartenders seem all too happy to give suggestions and engage the customer. Of course it is on the pricier side, but it is a nice bar with plenty of seating even on a weekend. We usually like to come here and get a few drinks before dinner or further evening plans, people watch, and also play a little game of spot the working girl. Lobby Bars on the weekends seem to be prime hunting grounds for ladies of the night or escorts. On our last visit we were able to eavesdrop in on a negotiation. I know, we are easily amused.. but it makes for a fun a time and great stories.
5	This was my go to spot before playing black jack or going to dinner. Not cheap. But it's vegas baby!
4	Vesper has a beautiful ambiance to sit upon while you watch the people  passing the hallways as entertainment. Plus that the seats are actually comfy. The drinks are definitely crafted well and many are unique. We're a big fan of classic cocktails and mixology and they do not disappoint in their main feature. I don't want to get a drink anywhere else on the property that's for sure.I've stopped a few times just for a quick drink while waiting to move onto the next, but definitely sit down and enjoy here too. Last visit was one where I was just left alone to enjoy people watching and it elevated my like of this bar to be able to laugh at Creature Features in peace and comfort. Never really busy probably because it is a lobby bar, but it isn't just a great lobby bar - it's a great bar in general.
4	Open, upscale, nouveau style bar. Great place to meet gentlemen who are staying in the Western Tower.
1	The two of us sat down to have cocktails at this beautiful bar in the west tower of the Cosmopolitan Hotel.The entire staff ignored the sh*t out of us for a half hour, while tending to all the other patrons without fail.So we got up and left....I guess there's nothing else to say.
2	"Excuse me, where's Vesper Bar?" I asked a Cosmopolitan Black Jack dealer."Go this way, pass all the good stuff and it'll be on your right," he accurately replied. To save some time he should have just answered, "Who cares?" I know this place gets a lot of high reviews, but come one, when you have the Chandelier and Bond bars in the vicinity, why would you bother with this one. I don't know, maybe I'm missing something, but every time I'm in here I'd rather be at Chandelier or Bond.  When I pass by and look at the Vesper patrons, I think, why aren't they at Chandelier or Bond...or even Book and Stage?!? Vesper is a nice place, don't get me wrong, but when I come to Vegas and the prices for a drink are all the same at each bar, I'm goin' to the one that wows me the most every time. My advice...step out of the elevator, make a right, pass by the Vesper and keep on walking! Ok, one positive thing I will say about Vesper is that it can be a great place for people watching late at night. Ya know, the people who have spent the night in Vegas going somewhere more fun than Vesper and are now stumbling to the elevators on the final stretch back to their room.
4	1. It's in the Cosmopolitan. That's worth at least 3 stars to begin with! Seriously, if enough people haven't said it yet, the Cosmo is the place to go to feel hip in Vegas. Maybe in the entire United States. It's so cool here, I'm amazed I'm even allowed to hang out.2. The ambiance. The bar atmosphere is just slightly different from the atmosphere in any of the other casino bars or the casino itself. It's very open to people walking by, but kind of private, with comfy chairs/couches to lounge on. It's still super cool, of course.3. The drinks. They are delicious, especially the oft-mentioned hot mule. Seriously, if you care about cocktails at all, you need to try it.The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because of the prices (~$14 a drink, which I realize is average for the Strip) and because its hip location actually works against it. I mean, it's tough for Vesper to stand out TOO much, when the Chandelier, Book & Stage, and Bond are actually in the same building.
5	LOVE.If you don't ask the bartender to make you a custom drink, you're doing it wrong. Yes, it will be expensive. Yes, it's worth it. I ambled up and asked for something not too sweet, and floral. I told the bartender I like absinthe. He asked if I was into grapefruit, I said yes.He made me a yummy and DANGEROUS concoction with some luscious grapefruits he apparently got at the farmer's market that morning. Some girl nearby was amazed at the amount of effort he was putting into my drink, and ordered one too. He sampled, and mixologied, and added this and that. Warning: it's pretty low-key. The appeal is in talking to the bartender about crazy liquors. If you're not into that, you won't be impressed.
2	I don't get the hype. It's just the lobby bar.  A friend and I grabbed a drink here on my most recent stay at the Cosmopolitan while we were waiting for others to get checked in.  I have never paid $12 for a Bloody Mary before and I hope I never will again.
1	Like David G's review.. let me just copy and paste and tweek it a bit.The three of us sat down to have cocktails at this beautiful bar in the west tower of the Cosmopolitan Hotel.The entire staff ignored the sh*t out of us for a 15 minutes, while tending to all the other patrons without fail.So we got up and left for the BOND Bar....I guess there's nothing else to say.
5	This is a GREAT little known spot in the Cosmo Hotel next to registration.  While the Chandelier Bar gets all the publicity, Vesper has the true mixologists.  The nice thing is when you go back you will see familiar faces behind the bar that actually remember you (unique for the strip).  Just belly up to the bar and give one of the experts the flavor and beverage you like and they will mix up magic.  Just be patient as perfection can take time.  The cherry on top is the drink prices at Vesper seem to be significantly less than the other bars in Cosmo and you get an Aston Martin compared to a Honda.  Always an interesting crowd at the bar as well.  At 7AM, they even serve a limited breakfast if you had a late night.  Go for the Egg McMuffin (or coq madame as they call it).  Late night, the Mexican Milk -- finished with a blow torch, is magic.
5	Our second visit to Vesper (on 7/1).  (Went to Chandelier bar first, waited, no f*ing service *at all* (management are you LISTENING?), went to Vesper instead, to our great benefit.)  At Vesper we sat at the bar, had Jason as a barman--he was knowledgeable and personable (read outstanding).   (On our first visit to Vesper, the barwoman was *not*.)  Jason took the time to tell us about the flavor profiles of various bourbons and gins.  He *created* (not just filled an order) for us two rounds of excellent drinks.  If you're interested in an outstanding cocktail, see Jason at Vesper, otherwise take your chances on mediocre drinks.  It's your money.  We loved and appreciated his expertise, excellent drinks, and great service.  Bravo.
4	Yes, this place is great. Does it beat my Downtown Cocktail Room? Hell no. But if I'm on the strip, this is the equivalent drink wise! Not service wise.I enjoyed a Honeycomb cocktail and it was made extremely well. Super tasty and I love that they use hand cut ice. I was able to sip on my beverage as long as I wanted and not have it get watered down. The environment is obviously gorgeous being inside the Cosmopolitan, the service is mediocre at best, the drinks are amazing. So, if you don't mind possibly being ignored at the bar for 5 minutes check it out!I obviously gave this place 4 stars instead of 3 because my drink was that good. You guys barely got a 4 from me, just so you know.
5	Love this place!  In our search for a cool local spot for classic cocktails, we came across the Vesper Bar.  Wow, what a great find this is.  I am a big fan of Gin, and had my very first Gin fizz here.  Our waitress was phenomenal, and helped us through the menu.  We may have "tried" many of cocktails, all were awesome!  Its hard to find places like this that make classic cocktails such as the ones we had.  Our waitress was extremely knowledgeable, and knew all of the drinks, how they tasted, etc.  We were able to describe to her the things we liked in a drink, and she was successfully able to provide recommendations of other drinks that we should try.  Her choices were spot on.  This place is simply unassuming since its literally in the lobby of the Cosmo hotel. We  went the last time we were in Vegas again, and again the drinks were awesome!  If you are into classic cocktails, this is a great spot.
5	This is my new favorite strip bar, I cannot believe how good and super unique these drinks are. It looks more like a chemistry lab then a bar. I ordered a One night in Bangkok and it was ridiculously delicious. My g/f couldn't really decide on a drink so she described what type she likes so the Bartender, Rodger, whipped up some strawberry and black pepper concoction, freakin amazing. Then I ordered their drink with tequila and habanero extract, this drink was also fantastic but paid for it later. Also was informed that they actually changed their drink menu on Monday. I can't imagine what they had before but now I will be coming back to try the rest
3	How cute! Vegas is growing up and finally learning how to drink!They turned this hotel lobby bar into a classic cocktail/gin bar kinda place with the whole Vegas flair... While their tenders can mix some great drinks, and are friendly with their own creations and things they think you'd like, everything still felt fake... Just like the rest of Vegas. And goddamned expensive - Just like Vegas.Though, this is probably one of the few bars I've been to in Vegas that I will suggest to friends, or repeatedly visit.
4	Vesper may not have as much pizazz as the Chandelier, but it's more secluded (quieter, too) with a decent amount of lounge area. My friend and I had no problem finding seating and we were served in a timely manner. The Hot Mule is a tasty drink, indeed. I highly recommend it.
5	The Cosmopolitan has more than a few options to "get your drink on" but if you're looking for cocktails it's really between the Vesper and the Chandelier. The Chandelier  is flashier, louder, prettier, and more "hip" whereas the Vesper is quieter, more collegial, and serves the superior cocktails. The waiters are attentive and talkative; they'll described the various drinks to you if you have questions (the girls seated next to me had to be explained the difference between soda water and regular water). If you go here, make sure to order their eponymous drink, the Vesper of James Bond (book) fame. It's an incredibly alcoholic beverage made of gin, vodka, Lillet, and orange bitters (for coloring) which incredibly flows down with ease. Trust me, it'll be hard to stop at one (In the books James Bond says he drinks only a single Vesper at work but his, if I remember correctly, is twice as big as the ones served at the Vesper Bar). If you go to the bar midday/early afternoon it won't be too crowded but you can expect a decent and generally friendly crowd. While there I befriended a Romanian, an Australian, and an Italian, which was an amazingly diverse and jovial crowd.
5	The Vesper Bar, which is located inside of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, is one fine establishment.  The bar is very classy, intimidate, and not loud, considering there is alot going on around the bar like the lobby, casino, and hotel elevators, which is always packed with hotel guests coming in and out.  The Vesper Bar is a great place to go to for a drink, or two, or three (lol) after dinner, and before starting the night.  The Vesper Bar is a great place to start the night out, and even end the night.Nestled in between the lobby and casino of the Cosmopolitan, the Vesper Bar is located across from the hotel elevators, so if you are a hotel guest such as I was this past weekend, it's hard to miss this place.  I found myself at this bar every night of my three night stay this past weekend.  The crowd is mixed with singles, couples, all ages, having a great time socializing and meeting each other.  I had such a great time that I was at the Vesper Bar until about 5am Saturday morning and the place was still busy.The staff is very friendly and attentive, and the drinks were amazing.  I finally found a place in the Western region where bartenders know how to make mojitos.  Special thanks to Jeffrey and the bartender with the different colors in her hair (didn't know her name but she is the mojito master lol) for making my favorite drink memorable, and thank you to the Vesper Bar for helping to make my weekend at the Cosmopolitan a memorable one.Thank youVictor
3	This is a good bar with very good drinks. I like the decor very much and the fact that you can just hang out for hours. My favorite drink here is their version of a cosmopolitan, which is kind of an orange-cranberry cosmo. Very very tasty!This is one of the best people watching spots in Vegas, period. My friends and I spent many hours here watching people come in from the taxi line and head up to the Marquee. Drink service is pretty slow. Expect a 10-15 minute wait between drinks.
5	Roger is one of the best mixologists and most charismatic people I've ever met. I went there for cocktails four out of my five nights in Las Vegas, and asked Roger to whip me up unique concoctions at his discretion. I think I only repeated two drinks out of sixteen rounds (over four nights remember) and each one was as good as the next. Fresh ingredients coupled with Roger's sense of humor made each evening a blast.Ask him about Christopher Walken's Psychic Friends Network when you're there. If you don't, you could be in grave danger and Todd Bridges will come to your house!
4	The pitstop on the way to Marquee. This place looks great from afar, but I'm not a fan of the open-street atmosphere of it. If I'm sitting here, drinking some wine, I don't want tourists in their Hawaiian shirts walking by and judging me.The bartenders are great. I would definitely come to Vesper and get drunk with their affordable cocktails before going to Marquee.
5	This bar visit was amazing.  I went on 8/25 Saturday night, found a seat and was greeted right away by a nice lady with a big smile.  I asked if she could make a Ramos gin fizz and away to work she went.  I am going through some crazy bad stuff in my life right now and it was nice for it to all dissapear for that one drink.  I will go back when my life is right.  When I open my own bar, I want it to be like the Vesper.
5	Every time we arrive in Vegas, we head first to Vesper for a couple of well-crafted drinks to start the trip right.  Do yourself a favor and ask for Jason.  He makes the best drinks on the Strip.  Give him your favorite flavor profiles and let him make you happy.
4	Good stuff! Bartenders are very attentive, entertaining, attractive, and make good drinks! What more could you ask for. Their boss isn't bad either... Shout out to "The Man" from down under :D Thanks for a lovely time (even though we actually had to pay for our drinks... what...?? us, pay?? lol)Worth stopping by if you're at the Cosmopolitan.
5	I always feel as though the staff, including management, at Vesper are award winning individuals. Each has their own style of mixology that can send your taste buds flying into space with the utmost enchanted sensations. Sweet, bitter, earthy, tangy, etc., whatever your preference in a cocktail, this place can give you exactly what you need. Roger, Bryant, and George are just a few of the mixology deities that I have come into contact with. There are many of them out there, but these boys know how to shake, muddle, and stir, showering you with delicious libations that can boost your mood or possibly land you on your face if you are not too careful. The one thing you need to know about Vesper is that, yes their drink menu is fabulous and full of creativity; however the real creativity lies in the hands of your bartender. Try not to order off the menu and let them do what they do best. Just tell them the type of flavor you prefer (sweet, bitter, earthy, salty, ect.) and let their creativity soar. Even if you do not like it, they will just make you another one until you reach that succulent gratification.   As for the atmosphere, it depends on the night you go. During the weekend is can be loud, yet still fun. You can sit there and watch people stumble in and out of Cosmo since it is located by the main valet entrance. On slower nights, the music really pulls you into the mysterious setting. I really enjoy how it looks, especially the ceiling decor. Very relaxing and tranquil. This bar is fantastic and of course it's a bit pricey because it's the Cosmo, its Vegas, its America and these drinks are not generic in any sense, but it is well worth it. Even when it is busy, that seductive drink is worth the wait. Check it out. Regrets will not be had.
5	Amazing experience!  First time staying at The Cosmopolitan.  Our room was being serviced and needed to kill some time.  Wandered in to the Vesper Bar and had the good fortune of having Jayme and his fellow bartender (sorry, didn't get his name) engage us with great conversation and wow us with fine craft cocktails.  We were not expecting such a high caliber of service from what would normally be considered a "Lobby Bar".  Great job gentlemen.
4	Vespers- also known as evensong or the evening prayersThat's appropriate because based on my experience, if you're looking for a cool, sophisticated bar with an exceptional drink menu, then your prayers have been answered.   I spent a lot of time at this bar during a conference and always had a great time with friends, having great drinks (their beer menu is okay and that's all I drink) and enjoying the people watching.  If you can get a table, I recommend that because the lovely waitresses are much nicer than the d-bag bartenders who must not realize that men pay a lot of the tabs because they'd rather chat up the beautiful girls than get a guy a drink.   But the lame bros aside, the service is good.This place also comes to mind James Bond.....as it recalls the name of a woman he cared for, Vesper Lynd.   And it's kind of cool that at the other end of the hotel there's a dance club called Bond.   This place left me shaken and stirred....in a good way!
4	The Vesper Bar is basically the lobby bar for the Cosmopolitan. It has a cool vibe and is very well located for people watching / making comments as the endless parade of people walk by. As one would expect at the Cosmo, it is aimed at the hipsters and those thinking themselves "in the know". Even so, the service is good and they make solid drinks. This is the best bar in the Cosmo if you are looking for a "mixology" experience.We really like the menu. It is set up in two columns. On the left are classics made in the traditional recipe with quality ingredients. On the right side is the Vesper twist on the classic that is of a similar flavor profile, but with greater complexity or a thought provoking ingredient swap. For instance, one can order a classic Manhattan or the twist: "The Mulberry". The variation was in every way better than a Manhattan -- deeper, more complex, and a long finish. We tried several of their variations on a classic and thought they did an excellent job.
5	This is hands down one of my favorite places to sip cocktails in Vegas. Great drinks, great bartenders, and plenty of people watching in a great atmosphere. Can't go wrong with Vesper!
4	Hung out here on Friday night (Nov 2). It's just some random lounge area. I received a drink from the bartender that he whipped up based off of what I liked and what my guy friend thought I would like. All the girls loved what he made. The lounge area was comfortable. My group and I had so much fun just drinking, relaxing, and socializing that we were there until 5 am. Of course it is about the company you are with, but the comfortable environment also attributed to our long stay.
1	As a fan of craft cocktails, I was disheartened to order a revised classic at the Vesper Bar that was touted in the menu as made with Belvedere and a small-batch citrus gin, only to watch while the bartender in plain view made the drink with Smirnoff and Seagrams.  For $13, this cocktail left a bitter taste in my mouth from more than just the cheap liquor.  The best drinks I had on my trip were at the Bouchon restaurant in the Venetian.  Don't waste your time on the hype at the Vesper.
5	The last time the gf and I sampled Vesper Bar's craft cocktails was almost exactly a year a go to the day, and we came away impressed then with its quality and execution.  So, one year later, we found ourselves again at the Cosmopolitan and the Vesper Bar having cocktails.  I appreciate any bar for being do anything consistently well over an extended period of time.  Needless to say, I really, really appreciate Vesper for being able to maintain, if not actually improve on, its high level of quality, execution, and customer service over the year since our last visit.  One thing that changed substantially was the cocktail list.  I embrace change and we made it a point to sample quite a bit off of it and to pick out some of their notable drinks from the current list.  The Mulberry ($14) made with Baker's Bourbon, Nonino "Quintessentia" Amaro, Benedictine, whiskey barrel-aged bitters, and creole bitters was a bourbon-lover's dream. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6GzwaQeb3brmyBucng_WPg?userid=le3Xn9Mheb1hNxWurF7RSw#CR_qp1tOWxLAGjbSd3QTrQ Boozy, yet smooth and complex, it was quite good.  The Hendertucky ($12) concocted with Las Vegas Distillery Rumskey, Aperol, Hum, lime juice, blueberry preserve, and egg white was perhaps the most unique but definitely the most original Vesper offering. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6GzwaQeb3brmyBucng_WPg?userid=le3Xn9Mheb1hNxWurF7RSw#29oH6myzmZQzp6v4fpgJRw Much like the locally-distilled unholy pairing of rum and whiskey that makes up its base spirit, the Hendertucky is a Frankenstein's monster of disparate ingredients (i.e. bitterness from the Aperol, the cardamom notes from the Hum, citrusy tartness from the lime juice and sweetness from the blueberry preserve) that somehow work in a magical way.  However, my personal favorite and what's hands down the best cocktail to be found in the Cosmopolitan and perhaps on the entire Strip is the 12 Year Itch ($4/oz) made with Zaya 12 Year Old Rum, Carpano Antica, and Fernet Branca aged 16 weeks in a Templeton Rye barrel. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6GzwaQeb3brmyBucng_WPg?userid=le3Xn9Mheb1hNxWurF7RSw#gkKLMDn786KAjPryzrW_sA I was skeptical about barrel-aged cocktails, thinking it was just a gimmick not worth the added cost for a drink.  I'm now a believer.  The cocktail was amazingly smooth despite it being uncut with any.  The sharp, bitter edge from the Fernet was rounded out without muting its herbal notes.  With every sip, I was reminded in a very positive way of glass of flat Mexican Coca Cola.  Trust me, it was MUCH better than I just made it sound!  All of our visits to the Vesper Bar during our stay were well met by the excellent, friendly bar staff...a special shout out to Jason, who was notably personable and exceedingly talented.  The bartenders were remarkably capable of serving up well executed, balanced, and consistently enjoyable drinks regardless of the time of day or night.  The Chandelier may be the signature bar of the Cosmopolitan, but the Vesper Bar is where to go for the signature drinks!
5	This is probably my favorite spot in Vegas. I live a couple of blocks away and go here at least 2-3 times a week. The service is always exceptional, the drinks are amazing, and the crowd is definitely what you are looking for in Vegas. If you are looking for a club - go upstairs to Marquee but if you are just looking for a spot to have a couple of drinks and hangout.. Vesper is it. Trust me.
4	I loved this bar.  Very modern, fancy and upscale...just to my liking. It's a great place to just chill, have a drink and people watch.  They also have cool decorum and comfortable chairs.  The bartender and servers were very helpful and friendly.  This is a place I would definitely come back to.
5	James Bond's signature drink. Cosmo hotel. Not too crowded bar. Hello, let me pull up a seat!Everyone behind the counter is super friendly, fun and witty. Even though it's located near the entrance, the bar doesn't feel very crowded even if it is. They have plenty of seating in booths, at the bar and elsewhere.The ordered their signature drink and oh my lord, it really packs a punch. I see what you mean by it not being a girly drink, 007. For the price - great drink. It'll get you real *$&#ed up after a few of these. Vibe and staff - just the cherry on top for a great experience!
5	Finally - a great place for traditional cocktails in Las Vegas!!! As per the name, these fine folk make a fantastic Vesper Martini. They also executed a perfect Vieux Carre without batting an eyelash, which is a good sign, and the ambiance is fantastic. Love the service! Now that we've discovered a place for good cocktails, we just need to find an excellent espresso place in LV to complete our "must-haves" list!
5	This is my favorite bar in Las Vegas! Everytime i'm in vegas its a must to hit this bar at least once during my stay. Went in for a drink last night and had a blast! The bartenders are awesome and will accommodate to pretty much anything you would like. Go in and see Roger (best bartender in Vegas) he knows what he's doing!! Thank you Roger for wonderful drinks and a great night full of laughter!
3	This bar was a great, low key space to have a drink prior to getting dinner. The bartenders are quick to make the drink, but slow to take your order. Granted, the well-crafted (and unique) cocktail menu aren't easy to make. I enjoyed a Fear and Loathing; a fruity-ish take on a classic drink. I'd definitely stop here first if you're dressed in a "feelin' good" outfit and you have time to kill prior to dinner.
2	Should have just gambled for my beer.Its a great spot to meet people as its right near the front door/desk area.  Other than that, at $7 for an IPA, I would rather have hit the tables and tried my luck for free drinks.
5	This has become one of my favorite bar in Las Vegas. Drinks are great, environment is amazing you can sit here and watch people. You can see smoking hot women in short dress walking by in their high heels and if you wait long enough you will see the same young lady walking by barefoot as it requires so much walking in Las Vegas that you really cannot avoid. Service here is great even in a very busy night. Our cocktail server Angela was very efficient and responsible. I  highly recommend this lounge.
4	Pretty sweet casino bar - definitely seemed like an upscale space to be right off the casino floor. Drinks were reasonably priced, but it took a while to get our drinks. Try the #1 License or a classic Cosmo.
5	Don't come to this bar is you're just getting a beer or a simple well drink. No! You have to try the drinks they have on their menu!Yes, it is pricey but it's so good. There are some things that are not on the menu but you can ask for them to make it for you and charge you a regular drink price ($14). If you happen to be checking in and there's a long line, have your friend stand in line for you and you can go to this bar for some drinks. Atmosphere is classy-casual. Don't be intimidated by other customers - guys with blazers and gals in sequinned dresses. Vesper doesn't discriminate in service.Tip well, because drinks are amazeballs.
3	UMMMM Let's start off with the good stuff. The atmosphere is wonderful. It's cozy, clean, and classy. It's also a good place to people watch (if you're in to that). The bartenders and servers are all really nice and friendly. Unfortunately, the drink I ordered came with flat soda. Not even one bubble. It was a jack and coke...... Thought that was a full proof drink.They were super nice when I told them about it and they remade the drink. Too bad that didn't save it. The remake was pretty much flat as well. I guess I wouldn't have minded the flat soda if it didn't have a weird aftertaste. MMMMMM watered down whiskey... not cool.My friend got some coconut drink (Thailand... something) and she said it was amazing. Maybe their specialty drinks are better than the classics.
3	3.5 Stars. Ordered the Vesper. If you like Gin get this drink. I don't but it gave me a big buzz which is always a plus.
3	My brother and his wife were in town for her family mini reunion / cousons birthday. They wanted to meet up for a drink on the strip as they wanted to experience the strip and Vegas. For me as a local,  there isn't many watering holes worth it, but Cosmo seems to do a good job with their beverage program.  It was busy at Chandelier so we went back here. I was intrigued by many drinks and as much as I wanted them all, I zeroed in onto their barrel aged beverages though as those are the most unique. This is one of the few bars that do this (Andres I believe does too). I got the 4 Year Itch which you buy by the ounce. in it is  Zaya 12 year Rum, Carpano Antica, Fernet Branca aged 16 weeks in Templeton bourbon barrels, which you buy by the ounce. I only got a little 3 ounce pour. You can definitely taste the bourbon barreling which was interesting indeed. They also had a Sauvignon Blanc barre aged Cosmopolitan as well.We were a huge group and the BF and I were one of the first to order. He ordered the Macallan 1997 I believe.... they bought a cask of it from that time which is cool and different. There were a few other spirits they had this way, just the single barrel and not the labels finished and bottled product. Everyones drinks came and his was not there. I finished my drink and it was not there. Simplest drink forgotten but by the time we got a cocktail waitress attention, the BF and I had to go home to our dogs. There were only 2 servers I can see... for a full bar. It was so hard to get someone flagged down as I only got a small drink and was looking to get a cocktail as well if the BF could get his Macallan. When she came back, I just asked if we could please leave and cancel the Macallan. I rarely can get the BF to venture to lounges on the strip on a weekend and heres another experience to justify why. Maybe at one point I will be back but it definitely will be with Yelpers as he doesn't want to come back. It sucks because the quality is there, just not the service.
3	Cool spot in the lobby of the Cosmo. Bartenders were great and so were the bloody marys. Little pricey but you get what you pay for.
5	"One more night in Bangkok" = best cocktail  ever. Enough said. This is my favorite bar inside the Cosmo. Less crowded than the Chandliers and Bond and certainly way more selections of drinks! The drink was soo good, we ordered two more and took it to the room!
2	The Cosmopolitan is a beautiful hotel!  Hip, happening, lots of glam, but also full of posers and wannabes who really think they're something special.  We went to Melanio's wedding at the Pop Up Chapel and decided to stop here for a drink.This is a very beautiful space.  No doubt about it.  Nice cushy sofas and tables perfect for drinks and conversation.  It's a good place to see and be seen.  However, our bartender was not what I expected for a place that in all honesty, is pretty expensive.We sat at the bar and it took a while for our portly, goateed bartender to approach.  When he did, no "Hi," no "Welcome to the Vesper," just a half smile and a "what can I get for you."  After I ordered, I watched him and maybe he had ADHD, but it did take him a while to make my dirty martini.  When he brought it, totally missed the cocktail napkin and just placed it on the edge closest to him.Amused, I kept watching him and though he may be a decent bartender, he sure needed some people skills.  When the guy behind me explained to his two guests about the history of the Manhattan, instead of just letting the guy tell "his" story, tubby had to interrupt and CORRECT him and then walk away smugly.  Is that what people come to this bar for, to be humiliated?  Sure, maybe the guy got it wrong, but don't embarrass him in front of his guests.  So not impressed with my bartender.  The others looked better personality wise, and when tubby went to grub, his replacement was much more into make the customer feel welcomed.  So I gave another star for him.  And when you're paying $17 for a martini, the service should be top notch all the time.  So the Vesper Bar, much like the character....very beautiful on the outside, but something totally different on the inside.
2	Definitely a place to see and be seen in the Cosmopolitan. Great drink menu for those of the hard liquor bent. Not so good for the beer drinkers.
5	I've been to Vesper bar many, many times. Each time has been wonderful. This is a great bar to check out if you like classic cocktails executed perfectly, in the coolest casino on the Strip. Their house creations are also excellent. They change seasonally too, so you know you are getting the freshest ingredients possible. It is a bit more expensive than other bars in the casino but they are so worth it. When I come here I never really look over the menu with detail, because I know that literally anything I order will be excellent. There are only a handful of places in town where that is the case. I've had many cocktails here, and everything has been really, really wonderful. From the outside it looks like there is no privacy since it's on the casino floor, but I would suggest you head to the back where there are booths, it is much nicer there.
4	This is by far one of my favorite bars in Vegas. Located in the lobby of the beautiful Cosmopolitan hotel, it's actually easy to miss, especially since it's always so busy around the registration counter which is just a stone's toss away. It's an open area so it looks kinda like a place you would lounge at if you were waiting to check in. There's so much seating: couches, chairs, and the stools at the bar. If you pass by it, you may not even realize how perfect they can execute a cocktail and that it's probably the best place to find a good one. One weekend nights, you'll find that it can get pretty busy. Their house creations are amazing and unique. I've heard the menu changes seasonally, but I go there for my go-to drink: the Vesper martini. It's the smoothest martini I've ever had and it's just so tasty! Now the problem with the drink is that it changes depending on who makes it. I've had it made by four different people and there's only one bartender who makes it worth the wait and price: George. Not only does he make the drink the perfection it is, but he's also a good bartender. When it's not busy, or even when it's pretty steady, he'll take the time to get to know you and have a conversation with you. If you ever run into him, tip him well!!My boyfriend has tried other drinks there and they're usually pretty good. He once ordered a White Russian, and even though I've never really liked that cocktail, this one was on point! I don't know if they use different methods of recipes or just top shelf alcohol but the drinks are just so good to not try. If you're staying at the Cosmo, or just walking through, don't forget to stop by this little gem! And don't be surprised if you leave pretty buzzed...
4	The quintessential hotel lobby bar: great atmosphere, great cocktails, great service.  I agree with other reviewers that bartenders can sometimes push what's their own personal cocktail over what their favorite classic cocktail may be.
3	4 STARS for quality and strength3 STARS for valuePowerful but expensive drinks ($16-18!). You will get some more unique drink concoctions at Chandelier, but the prices are about the same.The Aviation is like pure alcohol but still tastes good. My favorite was the blood and sand. I would come back but be prepared to throw down a good amount of change.
2	2.5 stars really, but it's not a 3.As Public Enemy once said..."Don't Believe the Hype!"I so wanted to love this place.  It looked so cool from pictures and stories.  However, what we discovered was that bar service was ridiculously slow and the barkeep seemed to care so little about us.  He took our orders and mixed the drinks.  They were delicious.  At $13/ a drink, prices were reasonable.  However, he had the personality of a haystack.  No banter, no freindly genstures.  Not even a retro-cool giving of greif like Chicago's Wiener Circle.  Just business.  Sorry, but when I'm paying for some mixology, I expect a littler banter.  We went at 2 in the afternoon, so it wasn't like the guy was busy.  Basically super disappointing.There are so many place in Vegas (both fancy and divey), sadly I don't think I'll be returning here.
4	Order a drink that seems like someone actually cared about making you a drink.Depending on your bartender this will be not only the best drink you've had in Vegas, but best bar experience as well.  The people watching and gazing at the giant screensavers will fill your time.There are a few douchey bartenders here.  This is what unfortunately keeps this place from an easy four stars. This was a tough 4. If I got the dark haired lady every time then this place would get four to five stars easy-easy cause she is great.So how about this:Drinks - 5Service/Bartenders - 3Atmosphere - 5Prices - 3I'm a fan but on the line.
4	I seriously love coming to this bar.  It's our go to place when people want to fancy themselves some top notch drinks on the fly.  VERY creative mixologist (the ones I've tried).Our go to favorite is Old Fashions (yup we getting so old we ordering us some old fashions is right).  One particular bar tender that makes the most creative Old Fashioned drinks, hands down is Lily.  If you watch her make drinks, you can see all the creativity and love she puts in those drinks.  IF you are at the bar she will ask you what you normally drink, what things you are allergic to, if you like sweet drinks, etc, etc.  She really puts her creative mind to work.  When she is all done, she even tells you what she put in it so you can allow your taste buds to enjoy the different flavors.  You soooo do not guzzle it, you are to drink and love that creative drink back :)  I'm a fan!
5	Easily one of my favorite bars in Vegas. Not a biggest fan of the Cosmo (most of the time it's a 'can I get a water and hold the attitude?' kind of place for me) but this bar takes the cake. Their cocktail list is amazing and reasonably priced by Vegas standards. They have a great selection of liquors and can accommodate a lot of drinks that other places that refer to their bartenders as "mixologists" cannot. It is just off the lobby in the Cosmo so you get a lot of people passing through but there's almost always several seats available.
1	Agree with the reviews about the high end cocktails, but there were two bartenders this past Tuesday night who were so condescending that we almost left.  Four of us sat at the bar for a drink before dinner (we are mid-30s to 40s) and we almost left before our drinks were served.  The woman bartender tried to tell me I didn't know what a manhattan was (uh, yeah, I do) and the chubby bartender waited around for us to tell him how great his cocktail was.  It was good -- not great.  They explained to us they were "artisans" and make everything by hand, so "it might take a little longer" -- which it did.  I don't need a lecture, I want my drink.  Honestly, walk next door to the Hyde in the Bellagio -- nice people and an awesome view of the fountain show.
4	As a dorky dorkster, I have no business being in a place like Vesper.  It is contemporary and hip to the plus. The back area has a very chic feel with its encompassing booths, dark lighting and plush seating. For a "lobby bar", this is certainly different. Luckily, I was here with Yelper Sean R. who guided me through this awkward-for-me venue.Their menu consists of "classic" speakeasy-ish cocktails, then paired with their "modern" take on the classic. I ordered one of the barrel aged cocktails only to find out they were out! Thus, my Cosmopolitan was just a regular ol' one. Nonetheless, I enjoyed it very much.
4	A classy, without being too boushie, bar/lounge with amazing drinks and talented bartenders. Every Vegas trip, the girlfriend and I always make time for Vesper to get a drink or two. This bar is great to go to anytime of the day.. a quick drink during the day while hanging out, or a nightcap after a nice dinner. Being located in the elegant-hip Cosmopolitan hotel, you'll always find a cool/fancy ambiance. The best cocktail I've tried on the menu is The Vesper martini. So smooth, so strong.. it's difficult not to get a second one. There were times when I've ordered random drinks just to see how it would taste with the liquor they use.. the White Russian(my gambling drink) I had there was probably the best I've ever tasted. The top-shelf liquor and secret ingredients make for a well-constructed cocktail. The majority of the ingredients they use in their custom martinis, I am unfamiliar with.. but I always feel confident it's either going to taste amazing or at least leave me feeling toasty. ;)Most of the dude bartenders at Vesper have the same look: hipster/douchie/bro.. they're all pretty awesome though. Even on a busy night, they don't forget about you. They all have different ways in preparing drinks but all have the capability of executing a great drink. We always look out for George, who has made impeccable drinks time after time.Don't be intimidated walking up to this bar and ordering a top-notch drink. You'll get your money's worth every time.
5	This is probably my favorite bar in Vegas.  It might take them a while to make a drink but that is because they are putting quite a bit of effort in to it.  Overall great drinks, and a casual classy setting.
4	Vesper has great drinks and is not crazy crowded like chandelier bar. It can take a while to get your drinks but these couture cocktails are worth it! One night in Bangkok and corpse bride are my favorites. One night in bangkok is frothy, Limey and slightly milkshake like. Grab a couple of drinks, lounge in the comfy chairs, then head upstairs for secret pizza!
5	My favorite vegas hotel bar. Top notch bartenders who know how to make cocktails the right way. They are from all over the country and will make you anything you like. The menu has the classics or you can trust them to make something off menu. I'd suggest the latter..... you will  be happy!
3	You know...I love this place. Their bartenders make some of the best craft cocktails you will ever have. They can make a sloe fun fizz like no one else. I've been here too many times to count...but every time I go, the service is a little worse.  As a woman, I'm always surprised at this. 2 minute wait, no problem, 5 minutes...okay. 10 minutes...and then finally someone gives me the "be right with you" nod...Come on man. Come ON man. I bring my out of town guests here to show off the bartender talent, but if it takes twenty minutes to order, they're certainly not impressed.  I hope it gets better, like it used to be.
4	Bar / LoungeLocated in the Cosmopolitan hotel, this was a very nice place to begin the evenings festivities.  Very good bartenders making very good cocktails in a very nice setting just off the main lobby-way - but it did not seem like it was that close to the hordes of people walking by.Honestly, if this place was near my house, I would go there often - but alas, it is in Vegas and if i am back here, I will definitely find a stool and have some more cocktails here.Give it a shot.
2	Great bar ...Great cocktails... Service not so bueno !!!!!!!
5	Located in the middle (or does anyone really every know where anything is at in these huge hotel casinos?) of The Cosmopolitan. It's a little open to the ching-ching and hubbub of the casino, but I guess it is what it is in Vegas.I read the menu and while some things sounded pretty good, I actually wanted something different. Talked to the bartender about what I was thinking and he made a drink with tequila, ginger soda, cayenne and a dash of ghost chili oil. I'm also sure there were bitters in it, because precisely 0% of mixology drinks have no bitters.Anyhow, it was exactly what I wanted. After that I ordered a few more drinks just by explaining the taste profile I wanted and the bartender nailed them. It was great, synergy with a mixology guy.. now we're talking.Then his shift ended. The next bartender wasn't bad, but he wasn't on the same wavelength and I would have to ask him to change things in my drinks. Not really an over-all slam here, just a mild let-down from the previous guy. I'm sure he made on-menu drinks very nicely.Service was a little on the slow side, but yeah.. Vegas. Prices were high, but yeah, Vegas.All in all, if I was ever forced to go back to Las Vegas again (Im praying not to have to), I would definitely return.
5	We love Vesper.  Not sure about bad service reviews.  We always hit it for a relaxing and well-crafted drink during the day.  Fantastic cocktails.  On 15+ visits we can say most bartenders have been friendly (but definitely not all).  Jason (our absolute fave), Jamie and Stephan (sp?)(female) both nice and skilled.  Heading back tomorrow and can't wait!
5	Follow-up to yesterday's preview:  Met two new bartenders today--Jeff Smith and TJ.  We had a fun bartender face-off with them. Named the general taste we desired and they concocted up something to satisfy.   We did 2 rounds of this and all drinks were great!  Fun guys, personable, and into making great drinks to order.  Serious mixology you can't get just anywhere.  So many people order bottled beer while we sipped our great  drinks.  A crime!   expand your horizons and let them make you something great!
2	Things I love...1.) this bar 2.) the INCREDIBLE bartenders here...it's not the menu, it's the way these guys make a quality drink 3.) the proximity to everything else I love at Cosmo (Secret Pizza, Marquee, Chandelier)Things I DON'T love...1.) the fact that they took my favorite drink off the menu. Look - I get the rotating menu. I get it, I do...but when you take something THAT AMAZING off the menu, you've gotta keep the ingredients behind the bar. I come here at least once a week...and Mama needs her Andalusian Maria.  Bad.  So please, owners of Vesper, put it back on the menu or make sure you keep the ingredients as part of your secret menu. I need this drink in my life.
5	I am a Vegas local, and when I decide to make the rare trip down to the Strip or show my friends from out-of-town the city, I always take them here. Yes, the drinks are pretty pricey even though it is a craft bar, I never order on the menu. There's one bartender I always go to (this awesome woman who is just a genius at mixology) and if I want to have something fruity, but strong with Chartreuse, but under $15, she makes something amazing. At this bar if I pay $10 - $25 for a drink, it is more than worth it. Go here for the experience and for some of the best custom drinks you'll ever have.It's more of a lounging bar, quieter than the ones downstairs, though it can be hard at times to hear the person next to you or meet other people since it's still noisy enough. But honestly, best craft bar I can think of in Vegas.
4	I can get in my car, drive 5 blocks down the road into the parking lot of the Cosmopolitan and end up at this bar in less than 10 minutes. With such close vicinity, I find myself here frequently - but for more reason than one! I'm always thoroughly surprised whenever I can't find a single place to sit down and mingle with friends in the Cosmopolitan; yet, somehow I will always be able to find an empty table to sit here. It's totally awesome!Not only that, they have good drinks and they are willing to make me juice mixes with a bit of alcohol in them. What more can a girl ask for!
5	My boyfriend and I found this place and were excited to go since it is known for it's hand crafted cocktails. We were warmly greeted by Roger who went out of his way to make our experience wonderful! We tried a couple of drinks on the menu and when I asked if they could make something special, they not only obliged, but gave us the background of the liquors used and how the flavor profiles went well together. There are 2 Rogers who work there. Both are award winning and surely know a thing or two about making a great cocktail! Strongly suggest a stop here if you are a cocktail lover!
5	The Vesper Bar's biggest problem is that it has to compete with itself.  I have had some of the very best cocktails and conversations about mixology of my life at this bar, and when that doesn't happen, this bar simply falls from being the best to one of the best cocktail bars in Vegas.Challenge the mixologists.  They love it!  Give them flavors and spirits that you like and don't like and let them do all the work and tell you why they did what they did.  It's sure to be a memorable time and you'll find yourself raving about the Vesper Bar, too.
4	It is Halloween night and we just finished a nice dinner in one of the restaurants upstairs.  We ask our very nice waitress where she would go in the Cosmopolitan to get a drink and people watch.  She tells us Vesper.We head down to Vesper, find a seat at the Bar and have a great experience.  The bartenders were very nice and poured excellent drinks.  When we encountered a wine that had been opened a little too long, all we needed to do was let the bartender know and he replaced it with a new one immediately.  Great service, awesome people watching.  Thank you.
5	The drinks here are fabulous. These aren't bartenders, they are mixologists and you can taste that in every cocktail they make. Beware, they are pricey. If you came to Vegas to drink a yard of frozen margarita, then Vesper is not for you! The sophisticated atmosphere paired with the perfection of the cocktail recipes makes this bar unique. I've been here on several occasions and have yet to be disappointed. I've had the best Moscow Mule of my life here! This past weekend I ordered the "Chai One On" which is not only clever wordplay, but also a delicious drink.I got worried because I could barely taste the alcohol, but by the time I was done, I had a buzz. Mission accomplished!
5	Hands down the best Alchemy bar ever! Well, in Vegas lol. Grab a sexy seat, tell the tenders what grabs your fancy in flavors and let them go to work. It's the atmosphere, it's the skill and it's the amazing flavors these guys manage to create. Once in and your hooked!
4	If you are in town and want a drink that is actually made well, pay a visit to the Vesper Bar in The Cosmopolitan. It is one of the open-air bars, located to one of the check-in locations, but don't let that deter you. If I go the mixed drink route, I will opt for a bourbon Old Fashioned or a Manhattan. It is rare that I get an Old Fashioned that is of high quality, but I got a few here. Perfectly done, and by more than just one bartender. The guys there all know what they are doing. Excellent service, cordial staff, I highly recommend. its the best!
5	Located on the first floor of the Cosmopolitan near the main lobby, Vesper bar is one of the best in Las Vegas. Vesper specializes in retro cocktails with a modern twist. This is not a bar to order Bud light at, you'd be missing out. The bartenders are friendly and prompt, they are also a wealth of alcoholic concoction knowledge. Vesper has one the most impressive collections of alcohol I have ever seen.  Vesper is a upscale and higher end bar. With speciality cocktails ruining around $14. There is plenty of seating at the bar as well as a large area behind the bar with semiprivate and intimate booths.Vesper get very busy on weekends with lots of traffic coming in off the strip and out of Marquee nightclub.Overall and excellent bar that will keeping you coming back for the drinks and atmosphere.
3	Expectedly high priced drinks at this lobby bar in Cosmopolitan. I think one Moscow Mule was $16 with tax and tip included. I guess this bar is good for pre-partying or people watching. I just hate spending this much on drinks though?
4	YES!   I love craft cocktail bars and you can tell when you belly up to this bar that you're going to get unique drinks when you see all of the bottles and jars with fresh syrups and ingredients waiting to be muddled and shaken.I was in dire need of a hot tea toddy being that my vacation was getting it's butt kicked by a really bad cold.  Luckily, the Vesper Bar is right at the bottom of the elevator for the West Tower at the Cosmopolitan.  I asked the bartender if he had hot tea, he did.  I asked if he could make me some kind of hot tea toddy with bourbon, he could.  It was lovely.  He said they were out of a lot of ingredients (like honey and different tea flavors) which is the only reason I went four star instead of five, but he did an awesome job with what he had and subbed some Agave Nectar for honey.  It was exactly what I needed that night and I had two!Bartenders were friendly.  Prices were on the higher side, but no higher than any other strip bar, especially in a fancy schmancy hotel like the Cosmo.Love this bar and will TOTALLY be back when I'm in town.
4	Great Classic Cocktails!Vesper Bar does a great job with their drinks.  They have mixoligists, rather than bartenders that routinely nail classics and modern revamps alike.  As casino lounges go it has a wonderfully sophisticated feel (check out the pictures.)  The bar seating is nice, there are also a couple of more secluded seating options worth taking advantage of if they are open.  Vesper also has a lot of seating, so it make for a nice place with large groups.  I am personally not a fan of the bars or lounges at are open or partially open to the casino floor like Vesper is, but when I'm in the area I don't hesitate to stop by.  The prices are fair for real quality drinks on the Strip.
5	Another daytime visit to Vesper, another few great rounds of well made cocktails.  Saw too many folks before the USC v Fresno State game order bottled beer.  A crime when the Vesper bartenders can craft great a.m. drinks.  (By the way, Trojans rolled over Fresno.  Go Trojans!)  Once had a warm tea and tequila drink early--a great change away from typical morning/brunch drinks.  Anyway, another solid visit to Vesper.
5	Bartender Brandon made some awesome cocktails for us: Sazerac & French 77.  This man is an artist, using numerous rare liquors & fresh components.  This place, & Brandon, are not to be missed!
5	Alcohol Alchemy...BAM....Ive been to this place a million times because it is located in the lobby. Whether it was for a quick espresso or a old fashioned The Vesper always took good care of me.Please do not waste your time here if you are looking for cheap AMF or Long Islands...But I did have a very good Old Fashioned and one of the best Last Words here at Vesper.Cheers to good times! :D
5	amazing craft cocktails. My date suggested this place and it was spot on (and I'm pretty picky). They change up the drink menu to also keep you on your toes and wanting more. Pisco Sour and Moscow Mule were the highlights for me.
5	Great bar with excellent ambiance and superb lighting. One of the many outstanding venues inside of the Cosmo.
3	The only reason I am giving this place 3 stars is because it's ideally located to people watch.The drinks are okay too.The service is downright pathetic.
4	After staying at the Cosmo a few times, I've become very familiar with this bar. It's closest to the elevators when going to your rooms as well as the valet. What I love about this place is how relaxing it is to be here, whether or not I've been alone or with a group. I've had waiters approach me when I'm seated at a table nearby and sometimes not, but either way, when I'm sitting away from the bar, I'm not really in the mood to drink. And usually, I'm waiting around, and you'll find that many other people seem like they are too. For that reason, it's comfortable enough to just wait it out for whatever or if you want to hang out with a drink or without. I've also seen several people order food. Honestly, I can't comment on the drinks because I haven't ordered any but it's relaxing. It's slightly tucked away between the front desk and casino but I visit here every time just to get away for a little bit.
5	Good as always. Alchemists here are so good at their job you can taste it @_@
5	They make the actual Vesper drink form the novel!!  It's a show to watch the drink be made, they even burn an orange peel before dropping it into your martini glass.  The service was friendly and professional.  The atmosphere is Bond inspired but does not refer to the series and therefore avoids any tacky direct references.  We've added Vesper bar to our must-visit-again list for Vegas.
4	Cozy, stylish, good amount of alcohol in drinks.The service could be better.
3	A disclaimer... I'm not a fan of Cosmo.  Too young.  Too much of a hipster/spring break crowd.  HOWEVER... the hottest girls in town seem to congregate here.   "Ok, Mr. Man, if you don't like this place, why visit and waste time reviewing it?"  First... I sense some animosity.  Relax.  I come in peace.  Second... did you not read the part about all of the hotties?  There are two draws for me here... Scarpetta and said hotties.  Now... I kind of think the upper decks of the Chandelier thing are more interesting, but the Vesper Bar is probably the best place I can think of (in any hotel) to people watch (and by "people watch", I mean stare at beautiful women in tight little dresses).  The drinks were so so. The bar itself is pretty small.  That, and... the chairs are a bit uncomfortable.  Blah blah. Who cares.  If I want a great bar, I'll go to Mandarin Bar at MO.  Hit Vesper for booty.
3	After meeting up with my cousin, we decided to stop here for some drinks. My husband decided on this bar just because we didn't feel like walking anymore and the chandelier bar looks packed. This place was packed too but we spotted two seats at the bar so decided to stop here.My husband got gin and tonic and I got something on the menu, Hemingway's Daiquiri, it was nice and strong. Honestly didn't feel like it was a girl's drink at all. Hey, from what I remembered, Hemingway was a woman-hater (based on all of his stories and 3 wives) so I guess he needed stiff drinks. But I digress, the concept of this bar is clearly the "Gatsby age" where flappers, flashy and over-the-top existed. The whole hotel is like that so it's only fair that they kept this concept for the bars and restaurants. I was going to order wine as my second drink since my husband was on his second gin and tonic when men on both sides of us started lighting their cigarettes. I didn't want to sit so close to that smell so we left and went to the sky lounge at the hotel we were staying instead. For three drinks, it was $50, pretty pricey for drinks that weren't anything special. This is Vegas though, I guess that's what's to expect.
1	A friend ordered a Vesper here, which was advertised to contain Belvedere vodka. Instead, he saw the bartender pour Stoli into the glass. Top shelf prices for low quality liquor? Cmon now Cosmo.
5	One of the best bar experiences of my life. Aj is a cocktail genius. He was very knowledgeable,  and wasn't shy about sharing his techniques and different ingredients. a must visit when going to the cosmopolitan in vegas.
4	One of my favorite nightspots in Vegas. Knocking back a few exquisitely-crafted cocktails here while playing a spirited game of spot-the-hooker is my idea of an evening well spent. The lack of a fifth star is due to the uneven service. Sometimes it's great. Sometimes you're waiting 20 minutes for your drinks. All in all, though, a can't-miss for the cocktail lover.
5	As always, Vesper was our first stop on arriving in Vegas (10:00 a.m.-ish).  Met another bartender, Julian, and I ordered what I always order at Vesper:  The bartender's personal twist on an Old Fashioned.  Julian crafted two outstanding versions.  He was very knowledgeable and it clearly showed in the drinks he made for us.  He even gave us a sneak peek of a drink he's working on for a competition, and it was fantastic!   Cool, huh?
2	Went to the Chelsea show and stopped by here after, with a drink in hand. Instantly felt the animosity that we already had a drink (even though we absolutely intended to buy more). Finally, went to the bar to order a drink, because the server asked if we wanted another,  and the younger jersey shore-ish bartender barely acknowledged my existence until he asked for my $45+ for 3 shots, not to mention he yelled at a server in front of customers. Obviously, I understand it's Vegas, but at least act like I am a human...
3	stopped by vesper for a Paloma last night and was pretty underwhelmed. It tasted like juice ... not enough alcohol, too much ice. For a $16 drink and a place that touts itself as a mixology place you'd think you'd get something better. Bar tenders were friendly, that's about it.
4	Drinks that I drank:Vesper, Moscow Mule, & Corpse Bride.Jazz music was played which was a good change from all the House and Hip Hop music going all. (Change is good) Seats were very comfortable. The setting however was too dark in the area which could have used a bit more ambient lighting. I sat a bit away the casino area so I didn't have to deal with the noise from the crowd and machine as much.
4	Sexy little bar tucked in next to the check-in desks.  It's one of the quieter places to drink at The Cosmo.  Definitely recommend!
5	I was lucky enough to get served by mixologist Leo. For a craft cocktail guy, this was a great evening. He made me a cocktail from the menu. After that, he created just for me. He even accepted a challenge of ingredients and made an  outstanding cocktail. This is the best place to be on the strip for a true craft cocktail.
5	W introduced me to Vesper Bar with a very high compliment. "This is my favorite bar in the whole world." One glance, one sip, and I was completely head over heels with Vesper Bar too. The bartenders take great care and effort in crafting their drinks. Unlike at Single Barrel in San Jose, the mixologist we met did not ask questions about flavor or liquor preferences. My guess is he probably profiled us on our looks and his experience. But my Moscow mule was perfect. The candied ginger garnish was a delectable complement to the drink itself. Sip, sit back, and marvel at the beautiful drink in your hands. The shimmering decor of the bar and the well-dressed people streaming by will pale in comparison.
5	This place is LEGIT. I went here two days in a row. Nothing I ordered was on the menu; just told the bartenders some of the stuff I like and they just whipped up drinks right on the money. If you're into coconut cream, they make amazing drinks with that. The decor is lovely and I liked to watch the pillars with the changing screens.
4	Really cool lobby bar located right by the elevator.  Not as pompous as the chandelier bar and definitely not as grand. However, this bar is very comfortable and the bar tender poured with a heavy hand...but not heavy enough to ruin the drink.
5	CONCEPT (from the introduction): "All drinks in the menu are listed to show the progression of cocktails from around the world. Menu is separated into two styles: Classic and Vesper Interpretation." The Classic is Vesper's interpretation of the original recipe while the Vesper Interpretation is a "modern makeover to show off the evolution of the industry and also to cater to a more discerning and adventurous palate".VENUE: This is the Cosmopolitan's lobby bar. As such this is located between the hotel main entrance and the casino floor. This is the closest bar adjacent to the entrance to the hotel rooms.SERVICE: The No1DP and I actually went here twice for pre and post dinner drinking. Jeff and Dan really took care of us during our visit and know how to make their drinks! Dan even maintained his composure as he serviced and made drinks for a rude customer. Please ask for them if you ever visit.Between the two visits I had a total of 3 drinks.THEME - Mai Tai (both $16)CLASSIC: "The Original 1944 Trader Vic's Mai Tai recipe. A fountainhead in tiki cocktail that is beautiful in it's simplicity". It's made with Appleton Estate Reserve Bols Orange Curacao, Fresh Lime Juice & Giffard Orgeat. Considering I had a Trader Vic's Mai Tai two days earlier I was quite impressed with Vesper's creation, assuming they did stick to the recipe. A good Mai Tai is supposed to taste sweet but can get you quite toasted fast if you're not prepared. Note: As they were out with Appleton Estate Dan used Sailor Jerry's Rum. This still tasted better than Trader Vic's.MODERN ("Aloha Means Goodbye"): Thai influenced Mai Tai with Kai Coconut Pandan Vodka, Velvet Folernum, Fresh Lime Juice, Pistachio Orgeat Coco Cream, Birdseye Chili, Ginger Beer. I was instantly reminded of the Chandelier's Bruce Tea with the vodka and birdseye chili as common ingredients. Upon taste I thought this is essentially Bruce Tea, substitute peanut butter and matcha tea with ginger beer and lime juice. Considering that a well-made Bruce Tea is my most favorite cocktail EVER I was very happy with this interpretation. Additionally I had their mule with smoked and spicy vodka. I really like how the smoked taste accentuated the tartness of ginger beer. Their ginger candy topping was also delicious. They don't have the copper tin mugs but customers tend to steal those mugs and they're not cheap to replace.No1DP found his most favorite drink ever at this bar - a Mezcal Old Fashioned. He appreciated the drink's smoothness. He also enjoyed both interpretations of his mule.After an exceptional visit consisting of great craft cocktails I am happy that I have found a new favorite bar and the No1DP and I look forward to visiting this bar again when we are back in Vegas.If you don't care for craft cocktails they do serve your standard cocktails and well drinks, but according to Dan, a vodka red bull (standard vodka, no top shelf) costs $17-$18. The specialty cocktails are less than this, but they do serve you the whole can of red bull.
5	If you are a cocktail enthusiast, look for Julian at Vesper--you won't be sorry.  He's so knowledgeable and passionate about cocktails.  A true artist in residence.
3	Had higher hopes for this bar based on the yelp reviews. Place was empty, because it was thanksgiving week. The bartenders were attentive. The drink I had was the wanderlust, which was ok. Drink choices were just ok for a hotel bar. The bar was also peeling. Can management not afford a new counter?
5	Deep inside the Cosmoplitan the Vespa bar is a cocktail partakers dream. The variety of cocktails is impressive and you can order off the menu and have one the bartenders mix something special.  This place is not a bargain, the cocktails are priced steep, but very tasty.  I have tried a few different cocktails and generally all of them have been very good.  If you don't know what you want or can't decide, it's easier to to tel the mixologist what you like and have them go wild.
5	My Favorite Bar in Las Vegas! Merry Merry! Get your exquisitly mixed cocktails here before checking in to your room or just come to savor the true difference between a bartender and a mixologist. This IS The Hottest Bar!
