5	Great nightclub/restaurant on the west side... They have great bands on Friday & Saturday nights, excellent food, and extremely friendly owner & staff. Clean place, cool atmosphere, relaxed without pretension.
5	We ALWAYS have a great time here!  The staff is very friendly, the place is casual but lively, and the music on the weekends has never disappointed.
4	Great place to watch NFL games. A ton of tvs. Typical bar food (fried, fried, and more fried). Not a great selection of draft beers, but the drinks are cheap.Two pool tables get a fair amount of action.If you like classic/hard/butt rock, you're in luck on the weekends.Typical clientele looks more dicey than they really are, though I probably wouldn't go here on a first date.  You won't be shunned if you don't drive a motorcycle, have tons of tattoos, or have a handlebar mustache, but if you do, you'll be able to blend in easily.Cute waitresses and bartenders are a plus.
2	"Dark in the city, night is a wireSteam in the subway, earth is a fire..."She swayed languidly, as her hips gyrated in a seductive and carnal manner most unbecoming of her age,"Do-do do do, do do do, do do do, do do do, do do"while human sexuality has no age cap- her guttural languorous dance proclaimed her wanton desire for every ripe male drop of lust she could glean."Woman you want me, give me a signAnd catch my breathing even closer behindDo-do do do, do do do, do do do, do do do, do do..."The tempo of the live band increased, as the staccato and drunken attempts at dancing of the desperate middle aged men in the room filtered onto the small dance floor."In touch with the groundI'm on the hunt i'm after you.."The unbridled passions of the room intermingled on the dance floor as we stared in revolted awe, like a train wreck we scoffed at the hook ups that were just kindling, and those now fomenting to completion. As another pitcher of cheap domestic beer arrived at our table, we greedily drank the sudsy tincture and stared questioningly at the bacchanal in progress."Smell like i sound, i'm lost in a crowdAnd i'm hungry like the wolf..."As the band would calm, so too would the mating rituals of the patrons, suggesting some proportional relationship between the two. In my clouded thoroughly drunk brain I thought to myself the nature of that formula and deduced it to be congruent with the amount of drink imbibed."Straddle the line, in discord and rhymeI'm on the hunt i'm after you..."Now the atmosphere and liquor had worked its spell upon us, we rose to our feet, compelled by the news that this was to be the mediocre blues bands last cover song, zombielike we made our way to the empty dance floor"Mouth is alive with juices like wineAnd i'm hungry like the wolf..."As we danced in utter ridiculous parodied fashion, the revelers were drawn to our presence like moths to flame, they sought any excuse to continue their rituals, and ensure themselves a partner in the darkness of the night, and cougar claws came out as they vied for their kills."Do-do do do, do do do, do do do, do do do, do do...."
4	Great little neighborhood bar.  Went to watch football on Sunday and had a good time.  Beers were ice cold and not expensive.
5	One of the best bars I have ever been to. And yes they are open don't listen to google.
3	Average bar with average prices and servers. The place has plenty of TVs without being ADD and the food was rather good. I would suggest the chicken philly with a side of wing sauce. I would go back to check out the bands. That would be cool.
2	Cute little neighborhood bar. Not my cup of tea- but seemed to the perfect place for the guy that just wants to watch the game -and not be distracted by any courtship rituals...There was a small percentage of women there- but looked like that is what they were there for too.
3	It's just a big man cave. Shut your trap and chug some $3, 25 oz. drafts while you spend your Sunday watching the game. The selection ain't fancy, but the seating is nice. When I watch my team kick some ass, I need nothing more than a mug and some elbow room.If you need to light up, there's a little patio by the front. This place is chill.
5	Awesome Bar and great food and live bands... Also don't forget.. Band Together  benefit for Lisa Mesa!will be held there.. on Jan 28 2012This will be a day of music mixed with comedy as we "band together" to raise funds for my friend, Lisa Mesa who has been fighting Non Hodgkins Lymphoma on and off since 2005. Insurance won't cover all of what she needs and her musical friends are throwing a fundraiser for her. There will be raffles for prizes, a silent auction, a 50/50 raffle, a variety of music and some comedy as well! Come down and help us raise funds for Lisa and have a good time while your are at it! ALL proceeds will go to helping with medical expenses for treatments. We would Love to see you there. If you can't make it, you can always donate via contacting Lisa Mesa directly! Know someone who would like to run a vendor booth? Tell them to contact me :) Spread the word and invite your friends!http://www.facebook.com/events/121845437932281/?ref=ts
3	Serviceable sports bar with decent food. Wider draught selection than I'd expect for a strip-mall location. Excellent service but was a quiet Sunday night.
3	When I pay money why would I go to a place where it feels the servers don't want to be there? I attended one of their open mics and it was the only saving grace, although it wasn't original music. If I wanted to hear the songs that were being played I would have gone home and cranked them up. I like to listen to raw, untalented, music that jams whatever the genre. All in all the people were awesome to talk to. Lots of kick ass regulars. Prices were the same as any other place. Atmosphere was inviting. I might go back there again.
5	Great live music, open mic night Tuesdays, pool tables, trivia, and more!Kimmy does a lot of fund raisers for the community as well as frequent fun, special events. They also have some of the best waitstaff/servers around (especially the irreplaceable Theresa).Check it out, you won't regret it!
5	One of my favorite bars to go to and listen to live music, food, and a nice cold one.  The people are all friendly there and my experiences have always been positive.  Great time and very nice neighborhood bar to relax. ;)
5	Definitely a bar worth stopping at! Great Staff, music, drink specials. Real Good Bar food, and plenty of TV's for watching Football etc.
5	Great place with a unique atmosphere! Met the owners and they were awesome. The place is tidy, relaxing and decorated like a sports bar. Would come definitely next time! They have great specials and good selection of beer. Needless to say the service was incredible! In addition, they have excellent air conditioning which is a huge plus! A+
5	The best place with the best people and best waitresses (love Theresa) Food is always incredible and I come here even though I don't hardly ever drink alcohol because I love the atmosphere and the way your treated when here..Oh yeah, did I mention that the food is great - real food, not processed Highly recommend highly recommend!!!!!
5	A needed venue on the West Side... Owner very guest oriented... She gets it.... Great fans great prices great crowds place is very clean also she does not spare on the talent the bands that are there are known and very good not to mention my favorite night of the week Monday and meatloaf which is awesome for $7.95....Again the service is a bit crazy on Fridays and Saturday nights for what you can you expect when its wall to wall people.. Anybody who complains about it is a total idiot.... I look forward to Fridays and Saturdays in finding out who's playing
3	It was Saturday night here and the despite four motorcycles parked outside, we still decided to venture into this madhouse for a beverage. Ran into the usual sterotypes inside this local bar including the stumbling, old grey-haired biker with a ponytail and bandanna securely on head. Nobody looked out of control yet since it was only 10pm and the band was just an average cover band, who did not do a good version of 9675309. All tables and seats were full, so we enjoyed our brews standing in a tight spot near the swinging kitchen door. Probably unless you live closeby, you will likely never find yourself here and you will still sleep well at night. Also the TV sets look like they were leftover from the 80's.
