5	Arizona restaurant week,  What an idea!  Three course meals for $29.  I loved this venue.    I went with two girlfriends.   Be sure to ask for a booth rather than a table.   I started with the Chop salad (Avacado, bacon, hearts of palm, tomato, blue cheese and red wine vinaigrette)   Main course was the roast filet of King Salmon northwest spice rubbed and roasted with a touch of huckleberries.    My friends had Colorado Lamb chops and double cut pork chops.   I finished with  carmel chocolate Creme Brulee with passion fruit.   The best presentation of the evening though was the hand rolled chocolate cigar dipped in hazelnut croquant frangelico anglasie.   It had an "ash tray and matches" on the plate.  Sounds nuts,  I know, but it was really great.  Our waiter, Angel, was there just enough and carried on the right amount of conversation.  Yves Leger, the wine steward, knows his wine!   He is from France!   I think we embarrassed him when we asked him to say something romantic in French.   He did speak French BUT it was probably his address.  It sounded wonderful whatever he said.  This is a very nice "special date" spot.
5	The Grill is the restaurant attached to the TPC stadium golf course and is run by the Fairmont Princess Hotel.  It was formerly a steak house, but it's theme was changed to chop and fish house to avoid direct competition with the other property restaurant, "Bourbon Steak", a Michael Mina signature faux chic-dive that can barely get food out of the kitchen.  The Princess closed the other property restaurants, Marquesa (5 Stars) and La Hacienda (5 stars) to drive business to Bourbon Steak. The Grill easily and seemingly without effort beats the Bourbon Steak restaurant hands down in every category.During the day, for lunch, the views of the golf course (#18) are restful and pleasing.  The golfers add a pleasant touch to the view. At night, the view is inky blackness, which is ok by me.I never understand how this place survives.  In spite of the Princess Hotel total lack of interest in the success of this restaurant, The Grill continues to be a great place to get an if somewhat expensive, excellent dinner.  In fairness, in terms of cost, it's no worse than Mastros, Ocean or any other high end restaurant, and certainly less expensive than Bourbon Steak, but the setting is much more intimate, the service much better, and the food every bit as good, if not better than those other "must do" places.The staff is always knowledgeable, friendly and attentive.  I've been many times and have never been disappointed.  The service is, in a word, professional.Our recent dinner of Vermouth Mussels, Appetizer Ravioli, Fillet Mignon, pan seared mushrooms and risotto was up to their usual standards.  The ravioli in particular was incredible, sparking a small battle for a access to the delicious pasta.Although we didn't have fish, the fish menu is pretty extensive and always done well.  The table next to us ordered the lamb and I could overhear them raving about how good it was.   I had the lamb last time and was pleased. We were similarly happy with our choices on this occasion. There is an extensive wine list and a good selection of by-the-glass choices. Bottom line:  If you are looking for white linen tablecloth experience, The Grill is the place to go.  Good food, professional service, you will be able hear your dinner companions and you will be well taken care of.Update:  The Grill is only open for breakfast and lunch during the summer (June - August) months.  Sill a great place to go for lunch until it re-opens for dinner.
5	My fiance and I stayed at the Fairmont in Scottsdale to celebrate our engagement, and we had our first meal here. It was great! We had a nice view of the 18th hole (well, it was already dark, but supposedly we were looking out at the 18th hole :)). Our server was really nice, talkative, and informative. We told him we were going to T Cooks for dinner the next night, and he recommended certain dishes and gave us more info about that restaurant/hotel. For apps, we ordered the mussels that came with the most amazing garlic bread! I ordered the halibut (super soft) that came with little pieces of pork belly on top of tiny corn pancakes!! How cute is that? The fiance ordered the special of the day, which was some type of pork, that he really enjoyed.Overall - great experience and would definitely go back!
1	I had previously gone to this restaurant a few years ago. Since then, they have changed the decor and the menu.  Apparently, they have also changed how they treat their diners.  The waiter was very slow and he didn't really try to help us make a decision or describe any dishes that we asked about.  I ordered the chicken soup as an appetizer - it was okay, although the broth tasted like beef broth.  My husband ordered the parmesan salad, which he liked.  I ordered the filet for dinner - it was incredibly salty and the portion was very small for the money we paid.  I'd much rather eat at the White Chocolate Grill - their filet is 10000000 times better.  My husband ordered the halibut (suggestion from waiter) and it was overcooked.  He told him it was overcooked. He offered to get a new one, but my husband said it was so bad he didn't want another one.  Here's the kicker... he only had 2 bites (yes, 2 bites) and they charged us for his meal!  When I asked the waiter if he'd made a mistake, he looked at me like I made the mistake.  He did remove it after I further explained that he didn't eat it (that was obvious), but without apology.  The manager NEVER came by to see what the issue was - not when the food was returned or when we had the issue with the check.  I would NEVER go to this restaurant again.  We are local and there were several tourists there - one couple was playing cards they had been waiting so long!  Skip The Grill and drive 3 minutes down to the White Chocolate Grill.
5	All of the reviews posted so far rate this restaurant at 5 stars and for good reason. It is great...one of the best meals that we have experienced in a long time. Took advantage of their Restaurant Week special menu (3 courses with a wonderful variety). Convenient location, easy parking, spectacular views of the TPC golf course and terrific food. A MUST VISIT!!
1	Is it possible to go below 1 star? Seafood, even in Arizona, shouldn't be this bad. Soup was cold, scallops smelled like they'd been rotting in transit from the ocean and the lobster tasted almost as good as overcooked styrofoam. The saffron had a hint of dirt flavor. I was embarrassed for the chef. I've never walked out on a meal until eating at the grill.
3	Was in here earlier in the week for breakfast.  The table by the window with a view of the golf course and Camelback Mtn was nice.The food was pretty average.  My mom ordered the eggs benedict.  It took 20 minutes for it to come out.  I had the two eggs, bacon, sausage toast etc. It was OK but not too exciting.For a better breakfast experience in the area, I'll stick with Over Easy just down the road.
5	My boyfriend played in the TPC tournament. We decided to have dinner here. It was wonderful from start to finish. I had the prefixe which included seafood chowder, fresh salad, lobster & peanut butter tower. We also had a crab cake for an appetizer. HOLY. I consider myself a picky eater. I loved everything. Our waiter, Eric was beyond helpful. He was very personable and kind. My boyfriend had the halibut & crab claw. He was beyond pleased. We appreciated the GM asking about our experience. Overall, one of the best restaurant experiences in my 35 years. We don't get service like this in San Diego!
4	Came here because they were on the list of Phoenix Restaurant Week, and chosen the entries of Seafood Chowder, Lobster, and Creme Brulee. The environment is stunning, we were right on the moment when the sun was down to the horizon, left a golden brush touch on the sky with the golf course, the view just beautiful. The entries were pretty good, I still feel like the lobster is a bit over cooked, but it still good. Service is great, definitely will go back again
5	Great food, great service (Kendall rocks!!!), great view!
5	Amazing.  This is one of the best restaurants I have ever been to.   The food was really well done. The pork belly app is divine. I also had the double cut pork chop. It tasted like a veal chop.   The view is also really nice.
5	Great dinner!  The staff is friendly, the service is impeccable and the Duck was absolutely delicious. Everyone in our party was very pleased. Ask to meet Chef Nick! We discovered he's a CIA grad, which explains why the food is so amazing!
5	Food was amazing , a little pricey though. Our service was great, we sat outside and had a view of the course .  I would go back
5	I went to the Grill Friday night with two of my girlfriends. We sat outside on the beautiful patio overlooking the golf course. There were several other people dining outside- the patio has been remodeled with new furniture, a bar and even televisions outside- so relaxing! There is a new gastropub-style menu so my friends and I got a bottle of wine and decided to try a little of everything. We had the truffle deviled eggs, cheese plate, duck confit tacos, ahi tuna, duck fat grilled cheese and kiltlifter fish and chips- everything was delicious and perfect for sharing! The wasabi crusted ahi was my favorite, but there are so many other things on the menu that I can't wait to go back and try. Staff was really friendly and attentive. Amazing menu and one of the best patios in Scottsdale!
2	While the food is OK, the prices are obscene-even by Snottsdale standards. Yesterday our waiter couldn't have spelled his name right, let alone get our order straight. Fish & Chips instead of French Dip? That's hangover hearing!!! This was our second (and last) trip. No happy hour pricing and spotty service aren't a match for the nice venue-AZ has lots of pretty that comes with great food and service. Sayonara TPC.
4	I wasn't expecting much, but to my delight I loved this place!  Beautiful views of the golf course and mountains, pet friendly patio and freshly made specialty lemonades with the option to add your favorite spirit...great idea!
3	They changed the menu. NO fried lasagna anymore. No burgers on the dinner menu. The menu is very limited. The food is good but pricey.
4	Service was good, Food was really good! Looking forward to going back.
1	One of my worst dining experiences.  Way overpriced, service is pleasant but inept, and the restaurant fudged our credit card bill after we signed and submitted it.  They should revamp the entire management and kitchen staff if they want to continue with their high prices and the prestige of the Princess Resort.  Do not waste your money here on a meal.  Get a drink and then head out somewhere else for a decent meal.
