5	yum-yum-yumwe always make time for crustacean. we love the shaken beef and the lychee martinis. be careful with those - before you know it, you're drunk! don't forget to save room for dessert too!they have a club upstairs but we've never been so I can't comment on that. We've been there when they've had live music which was really nice. The decor is really pretty and romantic. Make reservations and ask for a booth.
4	Very good Asian Fusion cuisine. I've been there three times and never had anything that wasn't very good. The garlic crab is wonderful and the salt and pepper calamari is good but be ready for SALT and PEPPER. The atmosphere is very nice with a live jazz group playing background music. It's a great place for a romantic dinner or to hang out with friends. Not terrific for kids and I have no idea about parking - I usually take a cab.
5	I went not too long ago, but rumor has it this place is closed now that Aladdin closed down, so I guess the closest would be the Los Angeles Crustacean.I love fusion cuisine, so I picked this restaurant after I finished a huge exam.  It was expensive yes, but well worth the money and the atmosphere the restaurant provided.  The decor is amazing!  They must spend a fortune on decorating, because everything is so plush and the drapery on the cushions and pillows are of the highest quality!!  My friend and I got there around 6 pm, and the waiter was super polite and accomodating.  He gave us one of the nicest seats in the restaurant---the semi-private booth with the lush seafoam silk booth and yellow and green pillows behind.  It was such a nice seat!  Part of the floor was glass and the restaurant was shaped in a circular fashion.  The lighting was pleasant....sort of the soft, delicate lighting which makes any sort of girl look airbrushed.  We tried the yummy Asain Bouillabaisse, which included lemongrass and prawns.  It was delicious and delicate!  Then we got the Colossal Royal Tiger Prawns, which are one of the more popular dishes.  Then the seabass, which is always a treat, since this time around it was a bit buttery and flaky and not overcooked.We never got to try the garlic noodles, but I hear they're also quite delicious.  Too bad the Vegas restaurant closed down.  I wonder what happened to all those cushions?!Crustacean is definitely a splurge, but worth it.  I had a relaxing, quiet dinner in the midst of a beautiful restaurant.  Haven't been to the LA one, but I"m sure it's the same.
4	This is part 2 of my Crustacean report.  I went to this location a couple of years ago w/ 2 of my girlfriends.  We were having a girls weekend in Vegas and needless to say, were trying to do the grown woman thing on a little girl's budget.  We decided to just order appetizers and cocktails instead of ordering full meals.  Definitely worth it.  All that we ordered was delicious and we didn't break the bank.  The place looked very nice and very trendy.  I remember seeing Jon B there but this was after the height of his career so that was very random.
2	I'm a native San Franciscan, so of  course I've been to Crustacean and Thanh Long in San Francisco. Both restaurants are to die for, but this location's food is nothing like either one. I went to Vegas about 3 years ago for a friend's birthday, so of course we had to check out the place. We ordered the garlic crab and the garlic noodles. The waiter brought out to us a crab shell stuffed with crab meat and it tasted nothing like either of their places back in the City. I was floored! There's nothing like craking your own crab. Plus it was a tad bit more expensive. The location was nice, though. We decided to order a bottle of wine and just made the best out of the evening.
