5	The Doctors and staff here are the best around. I completely trust them with my daughter. There are games and activities to keep your child busy while in the waiting room. The atmosphere is cheery and everyone is friendly.
5	Dr. Lidieth Libby and her staff are so awesome!  She treats my special needs child with such great care!  She has special treats for the kids like movie tickets and drawings for kids who have no cavities.....my daughter is not afraid to go to her appointments!  This is amazing!  We drive a long way for the excellent service they provide!Dr. Libby really cares about her kids and it shows!
5	Wonderful place that is lots of fun for the kids! Dr. Libby is very sweet and knowledgeable. My boys actually enjoy going to the dentist and feel welcome and cared for by the staff.
5	My 3 children actually beg me to go to the dentist!!  That sounds crazy I know but once you walk into Dr. Libbys office you see why.  She has all the space pad fun stuff to play on computer games and the tokens for prizes afterwards.  What is by far the best is her kind and gentle manner that she has. She just recently had movie tickets available for the new cars movie just out in the theaters to her patients and 1 parent.  The entire movie theater was filled with just her patients!  She also does a lot for the community and with the movie tickets asked for a donation for a homeless shelter for kids that she supports.  Truly a great dentist and humanitarian
5	Words can not express the happiness I feel to have found Dr. Libby! My girls are toddlers and starting first dental visits now.  Unfortunately a tad late for one daughter. We tried another dentist before finding Dr. Libby and it was not a great experience, but I don't blame that office.  All I can say, is that Dr. Libby should be a role model in what a pediatric dentist should be like.  Where my daughter screamed in fear at the other office just trying to take x-rays and they only got one shot, Dr. Libby's team (Bobbie to be specific) not only eased my daughter's mind with kindness, laughter, and respect but also was able to get a full 6 shots of all her teeth allowing Dr. Libby to make a much better assessment of my daughter's dental treatment.  Where the other office had us scheduled to go to the hospital, put my daughter under general anesthesia due to her anxious manner to the cost of $4500, Dr. Libby offered more options and our bill is $3000 less.  Dr. Libby was so gentle with my daughter, had her smiling, almost laughing!  My daughter actually got all of her teeth cleaned and flossed, where she was wailing at the other office and only got her top 4 front teeth polished.  Dr. Libby is fantastic, and we are so happy to be under her care for both of our daughters dental needs.  Thanks Dr. Libby!
5	Such a great dentist caring great with all patients
5	Dr. Libby and Dr. Beanstalk are AMAZING!  Dr. Libby is amazingly kind and loving.  They are WONDERFUL with children.  I thought this even BEFORE my son fell and broke one of his front teeth in 4 pieces.  Dr. LIbby was closed and came right in and had to extract the pieces while we held him down (because he had eaten and was 18 mo. old he couldn't have anything but a local).  This part just says it all....I began singing Itsy Bitsy Spider to calm him and Dr. LIbby didn't miss a beat and joined in while holding his head and working.  And he assistant chimed right in.  It was a horrific experience until we were in Dr. Libby's hands.  I loved her BEFORE this happened because she was OUTSTANDING with my daughter, and the episode with my son sealed the deal.THERE IS NO NEED to go to any other pediatric dentist.   I wish I could give them 100 stars because this practice and the people who work there deserve it!
5	I loved everything about this office!  I took my 2 year old in for his first dentist appointment and they were so patient with him and explained everything to him so he knew what was going on.  Dr Libby was amazing with him and so were the rest of the staff.  He had a great time and now he's actually excited about brushing his teeth!  Best dentist ever!
5	There is just no better way to say it.  This DDS rocks.My kids are good about brushing their teeth and all, but man - you talk about a full on - no holds barred cleaning, they will get it here.  And they will not complain one bit.  The experience for them is practically fun.  Been there twice now - and will be back for years to come.
5	Okay seriously! I just went out to my mailbox and my 2 1/2 year old has an envelope from snapfish addressed to her. Of course she is beyond thrilled to get mail so we open it immediately while I wonder who the heck is sending us a picture?? Lo and behold its from Dr Libby, a picture of her and my daughter at her first appointment two weeks ago. It's just the icing on the cake to show how child -centered this practice is! From the moment we walked in my daughter was captivated with the play area in the waiting room (plus video games for the older kids!). Everyone was super friendly and our dental assistant was AWESOME!!  Why can't I think of her name? Well she was incredibly friendly, my daughter let her do an entire full checkup and cleaning, flossing etc. I loved the tv on the ceiling as well, we got our daily dose of Dora while getting our teeth cleaned. The hygienist and Dr, Libby were wonderful as well, I couldn't have been more pleased, well, maybe I'd be more pleased if I had dental insurance to cover the $160 price tag, but it's so not worth it for our family for the price of insurance...anywho back from my tangent, yes, bring your kids here for sure!  It did take over an hour for the whole thing FYI...why can't our pediatrician be so thorough??
5	We started to go to Dr. Beanstalk when my 4 year old son was completely freaked out about dentists.  Their office is amazing and made him feel like he was so unique and special.......like the only kid in the whole place!  His anxiousness went away!  They go above and beyond not only in their office!  We were in Corona, CA for a long weekend. My son woke up with a swollen jaw from an infected tooth.  I wasn't sure what to do so I called the offices emergency line and left a message. Dr. Libby called me back within an hour and asked me details and said she would find a dentist for him to see just to make sure no immediate action was needed. For sure antibiotics but any dental work could wait but she wanted to make sure. So she referred us to an amazing dentist (Dr. Richardson) in Corona. He was incredible with my son and made us comfortable that Dr. Libby and Dr. Beanstalks assessment via phone was the right one.  Dr. Libby then followed up with me over the weekend to make sure all was ok and got us in first thing Monday morning to resolve the infected tooth after the weekend of antibiotics.  This personal service and commitment from the two dentists themselves will keep us going to their office for years to come! Thank you!!
1	I really like Dr. Libby, she was great with the kids.  My only complaint is her unjust billing practices.  I received a bill almost 2 years later after service was received and this was my first bill for $79.00.  I called the billing office and they were unprofessional and informed me they had another billing department who forgot to bill me 2 years ago, so they were doing it now.  If I did not pay they would send me to collections.  My son has a primary and a secondary insurance this bill should have been covered 100%.  They never billed his secondary insurance and informed me that I was fortunate they even billed my insurance because most dental offices do not.  I now take my children to another pediatric office and I am told up front the charges and informed it is standard for them to bill my insurance.  I have filed a complaint against Dr. Libby's office with the BBB asking for a refund and if I get it, I will gladly remove my complaint.  It is unfortunate because I really liked Dr. Libby, but felt her billing office staff was rude and carried on unjust billing practices.  My only hope is that Dr. Libby is informed and makes changes, so this does not happen to another patient in the future.
5	Amazing staff! Amazing office and even better dentists. We love this place and would never consider going anywhere else.
