3	I can't give this place 5 stars since I have never had a surgery before, or even extensive mouth work done before I came here to get my wisdom teeth removed. With that said the reference to this place was quick, and my first consult with them went very smoothly. I was having some trouble with my bottom left wisdom tooth and wanted it out, then I decided to have all of them taken out at once so I wouldn't ever have to worry about it. To start, when my boyfriend and I got there, a woman was in a very heated argument (on her side) about the co-pay being due on the day of the surgery, before the surgery. Now, this is explained to you on the day you have your consult and you decide what to do. It is in the terms of agreement you sign on that day, so it shouldn't be a surprise. But she was mad, and proceeded to scream and rage at the manager for an hour.Later this same manager came back to me to schedule my appointment. I asked for a day when I had no school, but the soonest times were all taken. She was ncie enough to actually call someone and ask them if they would mind rescheduling their appointment, and so I was able to get a day I wanted. This alone is worth a 4 star review, but alas, later on there was an issue with my stitches. I went in because one hole was still swollen and leaking- and then I found out it had food lodged in it. Gross. Painful. My bad. Anyways, I had gone in earlier than my appointed check up date, and I asked if I still needed to come for that appointment, since I had just seen the doctor. I was told that if I didn't want to, to call and tell them, but otherwise I could come in for it.I arrived on the appointment day only to be looked at like a crazed person. By everyone. It was really off-putting, especially after having experienced such great customer service. I felt awkward, which made me very mad. I mean really, if there is a problem just tell me. But no, everyone had to give me that 'wtf?' look. Then to make it worse, while waiting in the waiting room for a doctor to see me, I overheard the nurses talking about me. They tried to whisper, but seriously, come on, everyone can hear you. It wasn't anything bad, just them wondering why I was there, and that made me even more angry. I wanted to scream "BECAUSE I HAVE AN APPOINTMENT, ARE WE IN THE TWILIGHT ZONE?" I got back to see a nurse, NOT a doctor, and was asked, FINALLY why I was there."You had a check up a few days ago."No. No I did not. Who the hell said that? Oh, one of your staff randomly decided to file that emergency appointment as my actual check up? No. I never called in to cancel, so therefore, it should have stayed as a scheduled appointment. The manager herself had even told me that. This mess up alone knocked them down because it was so ridiculous and unprofessional.
5	I was referred to Dr. Dudek by a pharmaceutical rep friend of mine she had gotten her wisdom teeth out and was beyond happy about the experience. I was in no pain just wanted to get all 4 wisdom teeth out before my insurance ran out scheduling went great got times I needed the first consult was good quick down to the point. Did I have to wait a little yes it's a dr office any idiot who complains about that needs to get over it one day you will be that scared pt that asks a lot of questions and holds up the clinic. Saw Dr. Dudek and scheduled for my extraction was able to do a Friday at 4pm which was great I didn't have to take anytime off for recovery or procedure. I was completely sedated which was heavenly didn't feel a thing I was just a little moody when woken up from my nap lol :) today I am 1 day after the surgery and I keep looking to make sure he really took teeth out because I have not felt ANY pain I'm still shocked not even sore or sensitive NOTHING I was prescribed a mild pain killer and ibuprofen for inflammation I have taken those by instruction and this has been the best dentist experience of my life. I thought it was going to be the most painful but I'm still in aw 4 teeth out and I feel like I can eat a cheeseburger no problem. Also all staff beyond sweet and thorough. Kay and the philipino gal in the front super professional. Then there was a short Hispanic and another philipino medical assistant in the back great at explaining everything and just good at there job will be recommending Mountain View Oral Surgery to everybody.
1	I was referred me to Dr. Dudek to have two teeth extracted. Now, I expected to have to wait a bit, regardless of my appointment time. But it was a full hour before anyone called my name, which I thought was a bit excessive.After taking an X-ray I was left in the oral surgeon's office to wait an additional 15 minutes. This was long enough for me to ignore the "No Cell Phones" sign and begin texting in an effort to remain patient. When Dr. Dudek appeared, he said a lot of things that contradicted what my dentist had said regarding my treatment plan. The atmosphere resembled that of a car lot, where you are pressured to do things immediately. Obviously, cost is a concern, so when I agreed to go over options I was asked to wait AGAIN for someone else to discuss this. Now I'm starting to become annoyed.The next person I saw informed me that there was some uncertainty about whether my bone and tissue graft would be covered by my insurance. In the meantime, I needed to pay everything up front - $1400! I suggested just doing the extraction without the graft, but was told I only had a two week window once the tooth was pulled. Again, I felt the pressure of a car lot. Since the grafts were part of a dental implant procedure I wanted to know how much the total cost would be. This resulted in having to wait AGAIN for another person to answer that question.Upon consulting with the next number cruncher, I decided to only have my wisdom tooth pulled, so I'd have time to decide on the rest of my treatment. I was informed of the cost, then my credit card was taken UP FRONT - who does this? It was beginning to feel like I had mistakenly wandered into a massage parlor!  But at least I was ready to get worked on - 2.5 hours AFTER my appointment time...or so I thought. Instead, I was taken back to the waiting room!  Enough! At this point I asked to have my fee refunded, and informed the office that I wanted nothing to do with them today or any other day.  Waiting over 2.5 hours without getting ANY work done is unacceptable, and constant pressure to make expensive decisions immediately is unprofessional. At this point I'm ready to take my chances with a pair of pliers and a bottle of tequila.
