5	the best gas station in the world! they have Ruster buster light
5	Starbucks watch your back...QT clerks are competing with you for friendly service at the crack of dawn. Everyone in QT is so friendly. Their prices for gas are usually pretty competitive and everyone knows they have a great drink selection.
5	I don't go to Phoenix often but when I do, I prefer Quik Trip. My friend and I were leaving town headed home when we came across this one off the freeway, and being a big fan of the QT we were relieved to see it! Refreshing cold purified soda was soon in hand as well as their locally baked cookies (with little M & M type candy in them!) and sandwiches galore. I will avoid the other competitors like the plague when I am in a town with a QT because I trust this place and love the selection and quality. I love how each store is laid out practically the same and bathrooms are clean and always a welcome site, and so easy to find. No fussing around for a key.
2	HOOD! HOOD! HOOD! customers are super scary. Staff was great.
5	As far as a gas station/ convenience store QT is as good as it gets.  No matter which store that I go to, it's always clean!!!  Can't say that about too many other gas stations.  Also a huge plus, is that the bathrooms are always clean!!  QT is the only option for dropping deuces, when you have to go and not home!!
1	This has been my GO-TO station since I moved back to the Phoenix area. Always been satisfied with prices, service, and cleanliness of the station. Always felt safe when I've been filling my car.  Well, NOT anymore.  A couple weeks ago I was hit up by a guy wanting $$ for gas. "Can you spare some money? I don't have enough and I need gas."  So . . . I just thought it was a guy down on his luck. Not the usual sort I meet when I am pumping gas. But, hey, OK, I get it. But that little nagging last line "thanks Ma'am" made me wonder. But I brushed it aside. It was the middle of the day and, yes, I was definitely older and I could spare a dollar or two.Well, then yesterday I stopped for a fill-up again. Yep, you guessed it! Another guy . . . not the same one asked for gas money so he could get home. Well now, twice in broad daylight in a short period of time appears to me to be the beginnings of a pattern. A rather uncomfortable one. This is Tempe, not downtown Chicago, or San Francisco. Both were guys in their 20s. Neither looked homeless, but neither were in tuxedos either. I want to feel safe where I get gas, or shop, or dine. There are lots of choices. And so, even though this station was convenient . . . I shall take my business elsewhere.Always be aware of your surroundings and be cautious. Most folks out there mean no harm; but there are occasionally the ones that do.
5	Quick Trip is a great chain of gas stations.It's one of those gas station stores  where you don't have to fear entering after filling with gas.  Heck you can come here without getting gas.  They got food, drink, other stuff and it's cheap.They greet everyone that enters, and they are QUICK with the purchase transations -  hence the name.Today they were handing out free sandwiches at this location.
4	First and only visit to a QT.  The young lady at the register greeted me as I walked in.  Nice. Very clean for a convenience store.  I just don't agree with the buy 2 drinks for $3.30, but get 1 for $2.  I see it here, in Indiana and every where I've traveled.  Attentive service for the 5 minutes I was there.
4	I LOVE this QT. They have so many products that I like to buy.The manager is so customer service oriented, and keeps encouraging his employees.I did have an issue the last time I was there though, most of the ice at the soda fountain wasn't working, as well as a number of drinks that I like were out of service.The checkout staff, however, is superb..I like the large amount of space given for the gas bar area...easy to maneuver in and out of.The location is also very easily accessible.. My GPS just messes it up for me each time!!All in all I recommend....but QT, please keep your soda fountain in working order!!
5	Great prices on refill for soda (under $1) and they have both PEPSI and coke products, so thats a good thing, and took some extra lids as the lids here for the fountain cups are very good! Not the cheap crap you get at a lot of places. The gas prices seem on par with other places around here, and the customer service is real good.This will be my place to go to while Im at the Worldmark resort here!
