5	I don't live here but my friend does! The people who work here are friendly and soo nice! The amenities are great and the location is unbeatable. The condos are spacious and very modern. I love valet too!
5	Like the previous reviewer below me, I don't live here, but I'm here a fair amount because a friend of mine does.I've seen his place, all of the amenities. Awesome pool, hot tubs, cabanas. Valet service. Racquetball court, full gym, dog run.From what I do know about the place, the HOA fees remain very high, but that's standard throughout Las Vegas high rise condos since the market crashed. Sky's got a great location at the north strip, it's easy to locate and get to, the staff is friendly and attentive, security is top notch.Great choice for condo living in Vegas if you can afford it.
1	I've been in vegas a few years now renting and i'm ready to buy.  I've never had a harder time getting in to see units available than I did at Sky.  I'm generally pretty good at ignoring the people showing me the units/houses, whatever but this time was different.  Whoever is in charge of the sales/leasing team here should clean house and start over.I dropped by and picked up a card from the gate while on lunch one day.  Tried to call the number and it never worked.  Finally had to look up a different number on the website and finally got hold of someone who told me their phone system was being changed or something and that was the issue.  She was really nice.  I wish it was her showing the units instead of the Housewive's of Orange county chick that showed up 45 minutes late to our appointment.  The front desk had to call her to tell her I was there.  Not only that but she lied and said she called me on the phone to tell me she had an emergency dentist appointment (I never received any call from her and told her that - to which she said nothing LOL).  Completely unprofessional.This aside, the point of this review is the units and the amenities.  I looked at approximately 6 units.  I found them to be really uninspiring.  Some of the views were nice but anything facing north and east had views of the unfinished Fountainebleau building which is a complete eyesore.The amenities I thought were lacking too.  The gym is tiny for a building this size, calling it a "full sized gym" in my opinion is inaccurate...one star for the pool which is nice but nothing really to write home about.I also noticed while we were going up and down in the elevator that other tenants were having trouble getting their pass keys to work in the elevator.  The agent seemed surprised when I asked to see the parking area...yes if someone is going to spend $500k+ they may want to see where they're parking before they move in...There was one unit for that the agent told me may be coming available within a few days with a floorplan I may have been interested in.  She told me she would let me know either way if it was going to come available.  It is now 6 weeks later and I never heard from her.It's OK, I wasn't really interested anyway =(
4	I loved living in this building enough that when I moved back to Las Vegas, I looked here first.  I'm a fan of the pool and cabana's; I had people over a few time and being able to grill outside next to the pool was wonderful. The billiards room was nice and I used that and the theater a few times. I never used the gym or the squash court, but that's my own fault. Having a 24 hour CVS on the ground floor was fantastic! The front desk receiving packages was great; I never missed any mail/deliveries etc. The staff was always nice and will help you bring things up if you need to. They also offer valet for when friends come to visit (since all parking spots are assigned). The only problems that I had here were likely because of the unit owner being difficult and the HOA warranty not wanting to pay for repairs.. There was a leak in the shower, which bled through to the kitchen, so they had to tear out a chunk of wall and take my  master bathroom shower out of commission for months. They sent a million people into my unit (sometimes without knocking) while they disputed whose responsibility it was to fix things. I was caught in the middle of an awkward situation that I had no control over, which given what I was paying to live there, was unacceptable. Since the units are all outside of builder warranty now, I suspect this wouldn't be a problem for current/future tenants. That situation though does have me reconsidering if it's 3 stars or 4.
1	I lived there from 2007-2010.If you work graveyard and need to sleep in or sleep in the day don't bother living there.  They like to test their emergency alarms like every 2-3 months around noon.  Every apartment has their own sirens and it's very very loud.  The test last from 5-15 minutes.  If you ever get caught in one while sleeping, it will give you a heart attack!!!One of the staff is extremely rude and incompetent: TERRY, the front desk manager is the MOST unprofessional person I know.He gossips about the residents to the other staff and he's not very discrete about it.  He talks out loud and laughs out loud, once saying one of the girls who live there looks like a hooker and that she probably gives good bj otherwise she wouldn't be able to live in a place like Sky.I didn't need to hear that.  And that was just not one time I heard him gossip.Lastly the traffic!!!  Since Sky is located on the strip, around 5ish the streets get packed especially during the weekends.  If you want to leave to go somewhere, you have to muscle your way into traffic, because no one is going to let you thru.
4	Security is pretty strict here, even strict if you are a guest for the weekend. That being said, this place is fantastic on so many levels--- right ON the strip, luxurious living, and even has complimentary valet service for their residents. No shortage of high-end big shots walking through this joint and their respective entourages. Makes for some interesting/awkward elevator rides.ADIOS!
5	I'm a fan of the pool and cabana's; I had people over a few time and being able to grill outside next to the pool was wonderful. The billiards room was nice and I used that and the theater a few times. not far from anything really.
5	We have leased a condo in SKY for six years and have to say it is the best place ever!  The staff are all friendly and warm, the accommodations perfect and our home away from home is highly anticipated every time we get in the car and drive from Palm Springs to Vegas.The Browns
5	I been living at sky for the past 4 months, I can say security is tight and friendly. Perfect because we live on the strip. I love the fact we have so many amenities like sauna,steam room,pool, jacuzzi,valet and my favorite the gym. have to say there always clean!!
1	Great building. Great views . Great atmosphere. Great location. The only reason its a 1 star is because of the management in this building. Its horrible. Very rude and not polite. I have been living here for a year now and cant wait to leave. Other high rises you should check out is Turnberry towers and Panorama. Stay away.
4	I've been staying here for a couple years now and I do love Sky; mainly for convenience of location.  There are many pros and cons to sky rise living. Here are some of my beefs with sky. Pros: location location location. $6 cab ride from the Wynn, less then $16 from the airport. Security ValetAmenities: gym pool pet friendly etcCVS baby!!! Wish they were 24hrs tho. They close at midnight. Cons: pain in the ass to get jn and out of. Building and just everything. It's just inconvenient compared to a house or even an apt. Valet only if you don't have a spot. Can get annoying if you're in and out.Elevators: you need a swiper or need to be swiped every time you go your floor.  And if your friend lives on another floor your fob no longer allows access to other floors. People may mistake you for a pimp, drug dealer or prostitute. Just saying Have a dog? Pet area is a joke. No real grass.No windows in the rooms; minus the master there are now windows. Need some air circulation people. Smell of the trash shoot sometimes. Traffic on Las Vegas blvd is crazy since SLS opened fml. All in all it's great at sky. But for the price I'd rather have a mansion in Henderson. But them id review about how sucky that is.
