4	This Fedex Office is super convenient if you are working a show at the huge Mandalay Bay Convention center! That's because it is right down the escalator from the show venue. So if you are working a booth and after tearing it down, you can bring your boxes here to ship without lugging them all the way out, which is a looooong way! (maybe half a mile!)They even sell nice collapsable hand trucks for $45, so you don't have to wait for union help from exhibition services to come by your booth after hours of waiting. Service is friendly and efficient. I was done with my booth within 15 minutes and off to the hotel pool!
1	Wow, could I have had worse experience.I had to ship something out of Mandalay Bay & this FedEx is conveniently located near the expo hall. I went in and waited for Javier to finish with the person in front of me, and then I asked him for a quote for my item. He gave me a quote after weighing my item and asking for the zip code. He said it would be $18 plus a $15 handling fee just to ship from there (a ridiculous price but it's FedEx in Mandalay). I agreed and he wrapped it all up to ship it. It took forever to package my item, and I had somewhere to be so I was watching the clock.After it was on the scale ready to mail, he said it would be $45.50. This is a far cry from $18 + $15! He said he forgot some fees. I was annoyed but agreed because I already spent over half an hour waiting. I pulled out my cash and he said I had to go to another cashier to pay because he could only take credit. I went over to another register where the Assistant Manager was ringing someone up (don't remember the employee's name but it said Assistant Manager on his badge). After ten minutes of him finishing with the man, he started retyping in all of my information. I waited patiently... then he said it would be $59.00! I was flabbergasted. I told him the quote to which I acquiesced was $45 and I was unhappy. Javier by this point had disappeared into the back (never even thanking me for coming in), and I made the manager go get him to figure out what was the difference in price. Javier came out and they made up some bull&*$#! fees that put it at $59. I told the manager I wanted to only pay what i was quoted and he told me that not possible. That I had to pay $59.00 and there was nothing he was going to do to help me.I was livid but I had to get the box out that day and had no time. I am prepared to not ship with FedEx again if we're raped by companies like this. I expect people to stand by their promises and my quote was too expensive as it was but I kept getting further shafted by FedEx. I was not even trying to ship overnight... this was three day shipping. The package had better get there when they said it will. Stay far far away from this FedEX.
1	Outrageously priced, for me the cost far outweighed the convenience of location for even a small order of presentations. If your printing presentations and you have an hour of travel time your budget is better off sending it to an offsite FedEx location and taxiing over to pick up.  For this cost I could have next day air dropped the order to my room for less. I ran a handful presentations which run me $32-35 each to produce at most Fedexes and I mentally budgeted for that standard rate when I ordered at the counter.  I was floored when I picked up the order which priced out at more than double the standard cost!Always ask the cost before ordering in Vegas.(or ask them to help you price an off site printing thats overnighted to your room or to this location for pick up)Other than being fleeced the staff was great and the facility was conveniently located.
1	Definitely a great place to go if you'd like to have $1,000 worth of camera gear "lost".
