5	I'm a bit anal about my hair, it's super curly and has a bunch of color in it. I've been searching for a salon ever since moving to champaign, and I finally found a fantastic one!!  Debbie took me from over-processed hi-lights to a fantastic auburn and I couldn't be happier!  I also got a great brow wax.  Finally,  debbie has a gift with the flat iron and straightened by crazy curly hair like a pro!!  Haven't gotten my hair cut there yet, but I made an appointment immediately!  Nice staff and reasonable prices, what more could a girl ask for??
5	I will be the first to admit that my hair is pretty easy to cut-- long, straight, no color, not frizzy, any of it.  However, I've still somehow gotten some awful haircuts in my tenure.  I've been going to Ali at Hairbenders for about a year now, and she gives me the best haircuts I've ever had.  I have really thick hair, but instead of rushing to cut it, she books the extra time in her schedule to take her time and do an amazing job.  It's always perfect, and she communicates really well.  I'm going to be really sad to lose her when I move away for grad school.
2	This is the ONLY waxing place open on a Monday, and unfortunately my Saturday afternoon appointment elsewhere was cancelled last minute (due to a medical emergency, so I understand).  Erin was very nice, and we chatted the whole time.  However, when I got home and looked in the mirror, not only had she left a bunch of wax on my skin, she missed quite a bit of hair that was to be removed.  That sucks.  I pay to get waxed so I DON'T have to shave, which leaves me a bit disappointed with this waxing experience...
4	When I used to be a student at the University of Illinois, one day i decided I needed to get a haircut in champaign, and found that Hair Benders had decent prices compared to the hair stylists next door. So, I went and was told I'd be seeing Debbie.  I didn't know what to expect, but she was great. When I told her I wanted to cut my hair really really short, she totally was not expecting to cut off as much hair as she did, but she totally worked with me and created something I totally liked.  Debbie is so patient and spends as much time as you need on your hair. She's also really personable and knows all her customers by name.  I liked my experience there so much that I've gone back several times. I also have referred  a few friends who also  love Debbie.  The hair salon next door, Lando is a rip off. Onetime I went in because Hair Benders was booked and I really needed to get my hair straightened and they charged me 30 dollars!!!! I was amazed because at HB they'll cut my hair and style it for 25 dollars. Overall, HB is great, even for guys. They totally listen to your needs and you end up walking out feeling good.  I would say for a place on campus it's one of the best you'll find in town.
5	I have been going to Debbie for a little over a year now and have never been let down.  The prices are reasonable for the area and service is great.
4	I have been coming here since Fall 2007 and have always left happy after each time there.  I tend to put off getting a haircut so I am pretty sure I've gotten a haircut from almost everyone who works here over the years!  Tracy, Debbie, and Erin are all excellent of the names I can remember.  They have cut my hair just as the pictures I have brought in, and each have tailored it so that it will best suit my face shape. I have not had anything done besides my hair at HairBenders, so I can't speak to how the other services are (hence the 4/5).The staff members are all very friendly and it has always felt welcoming each time that I've been there.  Getting a haircut and styled runs about $25 for me.  I've never had trouble scheduling an appointment for when I've needed to, and I definitely recommend this place to my friends!
4	Why did I come here: It was close by which is a plus for a student who lives in Campustown and wants to support something local.They are open at good hours and I have never had a problem with getting an appointment. For a GUYS haircut, it is the perfect price for what I get. I have gone to more expensive places in the NW for a similar quality haircut. It is quick too and I never wait long.The stylists are nice and friendly. I love the joke one plays on me when they "That will be a million dollars, please." If you like deals and are willing to pay cash, you can get your 10th haircut free.
5	I love coming here because it's right on campus and I can pop in for a haircut in between class or when I have a break.  I never get very complicated haircuts, but I am very particular about how my layers and side-swept bangs are cut.  I ALWAYS go to Jayna; she is an absolute pro when it comes to layering - and does a great job blending etc.  She also has a great eye for what styles will look good on you, so if you are indecisive or don't really know what you want, you can trust her opinion.  The prices are great and all the stylists are incredibly nice and friendly.  Once I also tried coloring my own hair, which ended in disaster!  I called them up and they fixed it right away.  I've never had a bad experience there!
4	I have been getting waxed for years so when I moved to Champaign I was on the hunt for a places that does bikini and brazilian waxes for cheaper and it was tough, most places charge like $75 bucks which is crazy! Hair Benders is a nice place right off of Green, it is very clean and nice! Tracey did my wax and I will definitely be going there again. She is a nice lady who knew what she was doing. She did a good job and was very clean always using new waxing materials!! If you are looking for a good establishment and a good wax bring your hair self down here!
4	I've gone here for waxing a  couple times, and had a mixed experience. They did a great job on my eyebrows, but for bikini waxes, they were too fast (3 GIANT strips of wax, all off at once) and ended up asymmetrical.EDIT: Have been going for a while now, and the earlier in the day you go, the better experience you will have. Tracy is great!
5	Last semester I went to a chain hair place on Lincoln near Cafe Paradiso and got the worst hair cut of my life. Today, for only 2 dollars more (19 dollars), I got one of the best. The stylist, Aly, was incredibly nice and friendly. She listened to what I wanted and then preformed an excellent haircut. For men, I think there is a stigma against going to get your hair cut at a place that isn't a "barber shop." However, I will not go anywhere else on campus for my hair.
4	Good cheap hair cut for men.  I had a wonderful modern hair cut and used to get haircuts at Mario triccoci and Aveda in the past.  I was happy to find out that Donna trained at Aveda and came here.  For good cheap modern haircuts you can't go wrong here.
