5	My car got a crack from a rock on a Saturday, so this gave me the weekend to look at some options online, make a few calls, and get some advice word of mouth.  Out of all the places I saw online and called, Technaglass gave me the best quote, which was $50 lower than the next lowest quote.  As an added plus, they do mobile service at a price cheap enough to save me the hassle and gas money of driving.  Perhaps the best thing about them is that they are very online friendly: quotes, tech support, scheduling, and internet only deals.  The time to get my quote and schedule took less time than turning the computer on.  And since the work was done at my house, no wasted time driving, and the install was less than half an hour by a very skilled professional.  It's too soon to say anything about the durability of the actual windshield yet, other than it looks better than new, but it's under warranty for 12 months, only pay $75 for installation.  I would definitely recommend to anyone who needs a new car windshield fast.
5	Very pleased with the price and the fast service.  My car was vandalized, and the back glass was broken, and two other local auto glass repair places quoted me much higher prices.  One was at least $300 more than Techna's quote.  They were able to start working on my car at the appointment time, and they finished the job, cleaned up the broken glass debris in the passenger compartment, and got me back on the road in short order.Highly recommend!
4	These folks were very nice and extremely efficient! I was able to just show up and I was helped immediately. I had a little rock chip in my windshield, and it was fixed in less than 10 minutes. The fellow who helped me also mentioned that they have a new service, a $19.95 hand car wash! I'll definitely have to check that out.
1	Had my wind shield replaced and it leaked water through the seal and shorted out electronics in dash. They replaced the seal the next day, they damaged molding on drivers side of car. Josh at head quarters spoke to local guy, local guy said they would call me to get it fixed. Its been 2 weeks and no one has contacted me ... Stay away from them, spend the extra money to get it done right the first time.....
1	Went on line finding a window tint place.  Had a great price ($100 which included the $25.00 discount) and they could get me in today.  Made the appointment on line and then spoke to a representative.  Once I got there found out that it would be a 5 hour job and that they couldn't do it today and that there would be an additional fee for removal of my existing tint.  First off the website said nothing of this additional charge, which may be standard practice but again no information on line or in speaking to the representative who knew I had existing to be removed.  Again once I got there I could tell that they didn't want my business.... didn't even attempt to  make it worth my wild.  Just said it may be $50 or more to remove and then tried to up sell to the two higher priced tinting options, and that it is time consuming and they are real busy...  So if they are so busy I guess the loss of one new customer isn't a big deal.
4	Very quick to begin work, nice job on the two chips/cracks that I had and the personnel are kind (very nice to me and my disabled son who was making a lot of noise).I will recommend them without reservation
5	Had to get my front windshield replaced. Made an appointment online because of the low priced quote. Service was fast had the car in and out in less than 30 minutes.
5	Dave was awesome, I had a huge crack in my Honda windshield ( I let it spread over 2 months and it was getting bigger, oops) and he came out to my apartment and replaced it within the hour. The best part was that it was half the cost of what Safe Lite was going to cost me,  Thank you Techna Glass!! Also,I got my appointment online within 24 hours of finally deciding to take care of my windshield.
4	Got a quote online to replace my windshield but wasn't going to go through with it because I was still shopping around for better prices. Got a call from "Keith" shortly after I did the quote and he price matched the lowest price I got quoted AND it came with a lifetime rock chip warranty!  He scheduled me for the following day and was done in 1 hour. The tech that worked on my car was fine but it was "Chris" the supervisor who made the best impression. He was super friendly, kept me informed and he wasn't even working on my car!  The windshield's holding up so far so the other tech did a good job.
1	My windshield replacement was a nightmare from the beginning. I wanted a factory windshield for my car (from the dealer), and was told by the salesman in Utah that that was not a problem. I made an appointment to go to the store on Craig road to install my windshield. When I got to the store, they did not have the factory windshield I ordered. The Chinese equivalent was what they had. So, after discussing it with the salesman in Utah and the manager of the store, I settled on an OEM windshield. Not from the dealer, but not generic from China either. It would be in, in a few days. Second trip to the Craig store, and they did indeed have the correct windshield this time. It was installed in a little over an hour...I initially thought everything was good, however, when I got home and put the sun shield on my dash, I noticed it wouldn't fit between the dash and the windshield. I called techna glass back (I tried to call the store directly, but that's impossible. All calls go through Utah, so it's always a game of telephone), and they said they would reinstall it, for free, and referred me to the sunset store. No problem. I understand things happen, and it sounded like they were going to make it right. I show up at the sunset store, and again, wrong windshield was ordered. I guess removing a windshield without breaking it is difficult, so they ordered new glass for me....the wrong glass. After talking with the manager of the sunset store, he said he would order me the same windshield that I had installed and it would take about a week to get it....Its now been 4 weeks (6 weeks since I initially called techna glass for a windshield). I've called back every Tuesday to see when my glass would be in. Because you have to talk to someone in another state, they have to call the store manager and get his story, then relay it back to you...the game of telephone. After talking with them last night, they said they *might* not cover the glass that I ordered, and implied that it wouldn't be covered under their year warranty, because my windshield is too expensive. They said they would call back, today, to update me. From the beginning, I made sure my windshield would be covered, and they even said they would reinstall it for free. It appears they have changed their story. I've spent $575 on an incorrectly installed windshield, 4 trips to 2 stores, and 8 phone calls to Utah. I'm still waiting for the call back....Stick with Safelite.
