5	Went here with the family last night.  Food was good and the service was very friendly.  Will go back
3	No plastic in my burger just friendly and fast service. not the best or worst place to go in Goodyear but a chill and relaxing hipster joint. Good burger and okay on the wallet. The strawberry lemonade is killer good, I think I drink 6+ in one meal. Our server gave us everything we asked for and did not forget about us which is more than I can say about other places around here (macaroni grill).
4	Great service, solid choice for a good meal. I know it's a burger place but I love the fish and chips as well. Fries are fantastic and endless but I only have wanted more when I split a burger with someone you really get plenty with your meal.Service has always been wonderful, never anything less then completely friendly and helpful.
5	I love it nice service food excellentand our server Britney was so sweet I give to her  +A...Thanks continue with this service and very good taste
4	Yummm
1	took my sis and the kids here for a quick bite after shopping and i was very disappointed.The location is like any other RR in cleanliness and atmosphere, your basic family friendly sports bar.. but this visit was just terrible.The waiter forgot half the stuff we ordered, brought mixed up sides, and a wrong dish all together... took forever and then the manager came and corrected everything after we had to wait...We were very specific about a couple of things, like the temperature for the little ones food and it was ignored.Dining with little ones is always an adventure no matter what you do, so it helps if the staff understands and does their best to make the process painless.I probably won't come back here.
5	Always love it here! Best fish n chips ever!
3	Good variety of burgers. Love the guac bacon burger and bleu ribbon burger. Also love this location it's smaller than most RRs but less busy also.
2	We stopped in at the Goodyear RR last night for a quick bite, second visit to this location and only the second time in a RR. The service was average, my wife's burger was good, intructions on toppings was ignored by the kitchen. My soup came out cold, two visits, two bowls of cold soup, by the time it was heated my wife was done with her dinner, this is something they need to work on. I will give them one more try before deleting them from my options for dinner, it is really a shame that all sport bar type restaurants are cut from the exact same mold, nothing new here or exciting, just noisey and pretty good food for a premium price.
2	I was there on Saturday night and it was pretty busy.  The food was fine, the service was not.  Our food came out but had to wait for napkins, however she only brought 2, and we had a party of 4 including 2 small children.  Zero drink refills, we left thirsty and unhappy.  We would have ordered more fries but we never got a chance since the waitress was hardly around.  I know she was busy but there were several employees milling about that could have picked up some slack.
4	I have eaten at this location a few times and they have always been very consistent with my order. They really seem to take a little extra time in the kitchen to ensure that my burger looks nice. I appreciate that. Although, It does seem to take a little longer than other Red Robins.
5	Always great. Try the Royal Red Robin Burger!!
4	It's a Red Robin. It's great for a chain restaurant and I love their Banzai Burger! Good selection of beers and even some local brews (try the Moose Drool or Epicenter from SanTan Brewing). The service here is really great and the staff is extremely friendly.What I do like about this particular location is that the bar is on one side and there are no kids allowed in the bar area, so if you're with a group of friends, you don't have to worry about screaming kids.
4	Can I tell you how much I love this place?  Because I do!  it is a perfect place to take my kiddo's and I usually try to take them here for dinner once a week.  The staff is always friendly and helpful and the food is just right.  Sometimes it takes a little too long to get our order, but all things aside it has good family atmosphere.  My daughter loves ordering their Shirley Temple drinks with extra cherries! :)
3	For a chain restaurant; Red Robin is a sure family & friends sit-down place for burgers & drinks.Endless Steak Fry's, now you can't go wrong with that!
4	I always enjoy their service, burgers, and ENDLESS fries.  I normally only can eat the amount the give you always.  But the thought of ENDLESS fries...  hum....I changed to have a cheeseburger with bacon today (in honor of my nephew).  7 of us came to honor my nephew and celebrate my MIL's birthday.  Red Robin was his favie place and he LOVED the fries.  1 minor con..  They stuff 7 of us in this tiny booth.  We were a tight family unit!  =)
1	Ya know we have been eating RR for a long time and after today I think I will skip it for a LONG time. Service here is hit or miss, ( San Diego is always good ) and today was a definite miss. I ordered my food with guac on the side and pickles. Never got either because our waitress didn't come back til we were pretty much done. I did get my guac finally and it was too late lol! So the waitress said "oh my manager took off some for not getting your food right' ha ha we get the bill and he took off a $1.50 on a $10 burger. Why bother RR? I would have rather had nothing taken off because what a joke to do so little when my food sucked!!! The manager is ridiculous and I hope he reads this. Way to take care of your customers.
4	Red Robin... YummmmmmmThe Gourmet Burgers are the best chain burger option out there.  These things will kill your waistline, stretch your colon, cause minor heart calcification, and are relatively expensive.  And they are worth it!  Add the tower of onion rings and I think the paper in the basket is a template Last Will and Testament form.Very family friendly with kid options galore, a diner feel, small arcade, and even free balloons.Service can be hit or miss with younger wait staff.  Oddly, I've had three waiters-in-training with their mentors in five vists.  Good overall, though.Carry on my burger brethren...
4	Not a bad place to get a decent burger.  I especially like their garden burgers.  Yum!
4	Burger with an egg on it? Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!Perfect for familes!
4	This is a pretty good restaurant that focuses on burgers.  They have a great selection of appetizers and I would recommend getting their tower of onion rings.  Every one of the burgers I've tried from here has been good and I would recommend getting one topped with crispy onion straws.  I've also had their French Onion soup and that was very good as well.It's a great place to bring the kids as they provide some coloring material and the walls and interior are very colorful providing a good distraction for kids to look around.  The noise level is also conducive to kids as you won't get a lot of strange looks if your child happens to get a little loud.  They also have a good selection of chicken sandwiches as well if you aren't in the mood for a burger.  Their steak fries are good and come in a bottomless bucket, with as many refills as you want.  If you are in the mood for a decent priced burger and looking for quick service I would recommend checking Red Robin out.  I've never had a bad experience with the restaurant.
5	This Red Robin is right down the street from my house and I am there on a monthly basis. The food is just like any other Red Robin really good but what really sets this location apart is the staff. I always get the best service no matter what waiter or waitress I get. The last time I was there one of the waitresses recognized us from a couple weeks before and made sure to come by and bring us a basket of fries and a large thing of ranch before our food came out. I have never had better service.
4	Always a great burger!
3	I love burgers, but everytime I eat here, I fill up so fast and the burgers never sit right. They are tasty but they just don't sit right for some reason. Endless french fries could be the problem. I'll skip the steak fries and trow down another burger and see how that goes.Always good service.
3	I tend to avoid chains and I don't eat burgers and fries very often, so this place isn't really catering to me, anyhow... but for what it was, I didn't love it and I didn't hate it.Here's what I didn't love:I thought that the fries were supposed to be bottomless, but the server did not replenish them. The restaurant is really loud.For what I had -- burger, fries, and a soda -- I ended up leaving $20 for my portion of the meal. That's too expensive for what I had. I don't want to pay that much for a meal like that unless I'm at a theme park or somewhere else with more of a geographic monopoly... or unless it's like the best burger and fries of all time, which it wasn't.Here's what I did like: Even though the restaurant was crowded, we were seated quickly (party of 4). The two teenagers who were in our party wanted to share a milkshake and the server brought it already split into two for them, which was nice. My burger (guacamole bacon) was cooked the way I asked (medium rare -- sometimes places like this overcook even when I ask for medium rare) and tasted pretty good. It wasn't my favorite burger, but it was fine. I upgraded to sweet potato fries, and I liked them!Anyhow, it's Red Robin. It's a chain. You know what it's going to be before you go, probably. We went because the teenagers in our party wanted to go. It wasn't my choice, but I thought I would share. There is a Red Robin really n ear my house in Delaware, and I never go and likely won't go. No judgment if you like it... it's just not my thing!
2	I have been to this location a number of times. Each time, the service has not been great. We have waited too long for menus, drinks, and for our order to be taken. We were given our food and still had no silverware. Three separate people in our party asked for silverware at different times. We still never received it and had to walk up to the hostess to get some on our own so we could eat our food! The food and drinks are pretty good but I will never return to this location due to the poor service.
2	After visiting our Aunt in Goodyear, we ended stopping here for a bite. I have always enjoyed Red Robin, enjoy their selection of different burgers. There was nothing wrong with their food. Food was good as usual, but their service here was not acceptable. I can go down the list and make them sound like one of the worst restaurants around. But I don't want to do that! Basically, their service was very slow. Seems like they really didn't care? There were people on the floor texting on their phones, gathering together and chatting. In the mean time this affected their service, not getting the food out in a timely matter, had us asking every time if we can get refills on our drinks. And during all of this time they stepped over food and a wash rag left on the floor next to us. Finally when we were almost done, someone decided to pick it up and clean the area. This place was not busy, place was half full, and over staffed. But yet they had a hard time doing their job. There is no doubt that the management needs to step up at this location, customers do not want to deal with this. Would we go to Red Robin again? Yes, but at this locations? I doubt it.
5	What's not to like? The fish n chips, AMAZING. The pretzel bites, Outstanding. The booze, WOW. Don't forget the burgers. I like the RED ROYAL ROBIN. Delicious. Easily my favorite upper scale burger place.
3	Management gave me a call today, apologizes, and said they have taken steps to cure the issues. That is a great thing when a restaurants can admit they have an problem and his taking steps to get better. They were very sincere and apologetic. For this reason alone I will be adding a star to their rating.
4	We stopped by for the Tavern Double Tuesday. It was the last of the Cardinal's football season which is a buy a double tavern and get another burger free promotion. We've been to other Red Robin's but interestingly have never been to this location that is so close to our house.When we stop by Red Robin it's usually for a burger and crispy fish sandwich. The bottomless fries come with both so we'll usually get onion rings with one of the meals and share. We know what to expect with the burgers which is well cooked and pretty tasty. We enjoy our favorite burger spots too much to stop her often but it's about as good as you'll get without stepping up to a gourmet burger. For example, they don't ask how you want it cooked. I like the crispy fish sandwich though and get it each visit. The seasoning for the fries is nice but we always seem to fill up on the fries waiting for the meal so not sure why we ordered a hummus plate appetizer. The hummus was the plain type but had some flavor. Would be nice for the plate to come with a couple different types of hummus. I can't say it was freshly made but it was good with the carrots, cucumbers and kettle chips.Their service was good. We had to wait a couple minutes to be seated. There wasn't anybody up front so we kind of stood there for a while. Our server was awesome. She was very friendly, had some good recommendations for appetizers and was attentive.This location is clean and not too noisy. They have TV screens to catch the game but the volume is low so you can't hear it unless your in the bar area. We'll be back sometime to try something other than burgers.
2	So.. Ordered takeout.. Got home to wrong order.. An inconvenience, but we go back to get our actual order.. 45 minutes late, we get home with our order... and it's screwed up....  I like red robin.. This one seems to have some issues.. Have experienced some issues while eating in as well.. Only gave them another chance because I got a gift card for Christmas....won't be back...
1	This was the worst experience we have had in a long time. Burgers were just ok. First the hostess took way too long to seat us and was in no rush to get customers in even though it was busy. The food was just ok. For the price I think it was not worth it and I would have enjoyed in-n-out much more. Then when it came time to pay, we waited for 20 minutes to get out of that place. I will never return...
1	Shady much? We went in for lunch on Sunday. After the back messed up my burger, the waiter argued with me about if it was the right burger or not. Then, after a 10 minute wait for the right burger, he stated he would remove the burger from the bill for the wait. Here's where it gets shady. He comes with the bill and says manager wouldn't approve the removal. Alright, no biggie. But then he takes the bill back and offered to pay $5 on it, but brings back a different bill instead for $45. I pay with credit, he turns around and charges my card for $60 and hands me back the receipt which says it was ran for the $60, but no itemized bill. Didn't say a thing, brought it to me quickly with his head down, dropped it and ran. Couldn't find him after that to clear it up. I didn't much care for the wait and I'm not upset that my order was put in wrong. I'm not even put off by being told they'd clear the burger off my receipt, then them not doing it. Instead, I'm a bit worried at how shady that waiter was, changing out receipts, charging more then he was supposed to, then disappearing instead of speaking up about it. If he's acting shady about a receipt, I wonder what else he is doing....
5	The food here is always great but the service has always been a little off...  We come here for the gluten free options. I have to say that Brent is by far the best server we've ever had at any of the red robin locations. Great attitude. Great speed of service. We will be back and we will be requesting him. Great job!!!
1	Went for lunch May 21, 2014. Not real busy in fact more help standing around doing nothing than customers. Waited 20 minutes for 2 simple burgers and fries. served with small piece of lettuce, onions strings not even a slice, and two paper thin unripe tomatoes. Nothing on the buns and nothing like mayo or mustard on tables. GET A CLUE PEOPLE.  Terrible service and very marginal food. Had similar experiences several times at other location near 99th ave and McDowell. they have lost me and my family forever.
4	Fun friendly servers and pretty good food! They are known for burgers but their salads are really good too!
1	Really disappointing service.  This restaurant was in my regular list but not anymore.  I sat at the bar for 10 minutes at lunch and didn't have a single employee acknowledge my presence.  I wasn't greeted at the door either.  This is lunch hour.  No wonder the parking lot is empty! !!
2	This Red Robin really struggles getting it right.  Our food is consistently not hot when it arrives at our table.  We ate lunch yesterday  (restaurant  was only half full) and I watched our food sit under the warming lights for at least 8 minutes.  The waiter kept telling me our order would be our shortly.  I gave them the benefit of the doubt and waited to see if this was indeed our food and it was.  Fries were soggy and cold burger was only warm, kids meals were luke warm.  I sent the burger back and told him I watched the food sit there the whole time under the lamps and wanted a fresh one made.  Manager came over and gave us some hot fries while they remade the food but that was about it.  Not really any apologies were made.  This Red Robin is getting taken out of our rotation of restaurants.
4	I do love this place. I find it a bit on the pricey side, but the cost is worth the service. Sometimes the food isn't perfect, but they always try to make it right.
1	Not at the top of my list anymore! Ordered the royal burger, when the burger came the egg was still runny in spots. A server came by and told me that that is how they cook them now. It will be a long time before i go back to any red robin. never saw a manager, never got refills on the drinks, had to ask for everything we wanted, ex. extra napkins. POOR SERVICE. POOR FOOD.
3	We hadn't been to Red Robin in many years, but having been given a gift card, we had a good reason to eat there. We visited on a Tuesday at 11:30am. The place was already busy and getting busier by the minute. The hostess sat us and no one came by our table for over ten minutes. We had time to review the whole menu, and it's a long menu, and then spent a few minutes trying to catch a server's eye. I really needed water. Our server finally introduced himself and we placed our full order. Our service was fine after that.We tried the pretzel bites as an appetizer. They weren't bad, but the texture inside wasn't that chewy. They were VERY hot on the outside, so that was in their favor. I told my husband, "They must have a really good heat lamp back there." The cheese dip wasn't that good. It was watered down Cheez Whiz, basically.I had the southwestern salad with grilled chicken. I asked for no jalapeno coins and for my dressing to be on the side, and it came out as requested. The salad was okay, though I make better at home. It was watery beneath the salad greens.My husband liked his hamburger, but his overall opinion was it was "okay." He much prefers Smashburger or Five Guys, which are also cheaper. Red Robin serves fewer fries on the side than they used to, which was quite fine, really, and makes sense since they offer bottomless fries. Our server did come by to ask if he wanted more fries.The food just didn't stand out to me. I realized I haven't missed Red Robin at all. We have plenty of other restaurants nearby that offer better and cheaper food, though this ended up being pleasant enough as a little lunch date for us.
1	Let me be the first to say, I really enjoy eating at Red Robin. They have decent gourmet burgers for a very reasonable price. My issue is not with the chain, but rather with this particular location.    My wife and I have eaten at this location several times without a huge issue with mediocre service. We went there a few days ago and not only did our waitress get more order wrong(adding tomatoes when specifically asked to not have them on the bonzai burger) but when my burger was delivered and I let her know, she came back and told me that she had the chef scrape off the tomatoes. What if I was allergic? I was just appalled. When a meal is sent back, for any reason, you remake it....period. On top of that, I asked for an over easy egg on my burger and it was fried to the point where it was rubber. I showed her and she said that is over easy. Needless to say, it was a terrible experience.    We decided to go back today for a redemption meal. Everything ended the same. Even my egg was fried to a crisp again. AND to top it off, the waitress refilled my wife's sprite with water.    We'll never go back to this particular location again and I wouldn't recommend it to a single person.
1	All waitstaff please pay attention...Do not take the glasses from our table to refill them, disappear for five minutes, and return with a tray of drink refills for other tables all mixed together with ours.I got my refilled drink back with a chewed straw and I didn't chew it. Our waitress got very upset when I informed her that our refilled glasses did not belong to us and she took them away again to refill them or get us new ones. Who knows?Then she was so upset that I questioned her, she wouldn't even return to our table with the check and made another server do it.NEVER WILL WE RETURN TO THIS LOCATION.Rocio, you only got a tip because my teenage daughter was upset that I wasn't going to tip you even with the poor service and bad attitude. I DO NOT WANT TO DRINK OUT OF SOMEONES GLASS OR USE SOMEONES CHEWED UP STRAW. Bring me a new drink or a pitcher to refill our iced teas.Also, that french dip is WAY TOO salty. I've never had anything so salty.
1	So sad to have to update this review negatively. We used to enjoy this Red Robin often when the food used to come out hot and tasty but it has now become a place of bland cold burgers with the worst service. Servers and those running food have no clue what they're doing. Don't get excited when your food finally comes after a long wait, it's probably some other tables food. Alexis was our server and she is the cherry on top of why we will not be returning to Red Robin in the near future. They will rush you to pay your check before you finish chewing on your second bite of your burger. No offering desserts. No cleaning trash off your tables. So glad we came to enjoy a Friday night here to indulge..... NOT. Bye bye Red Robin.
4	My kids love it! Needs better management. The fry's are great ask for well done and they are even better.
3	Something wrong is going on at this location and I don't mean the remodel. We use to have a visit to our table by management, no more, that hasn't happened in months. They use to have fun, really good wait staff, that seems to have disappeared too. My waiter is one I've had before, tonight he was off his game and just appeared overwhelmed, I think maybe understaffed for a Saturday. Food was fine, although the time before last they messed up and sent out meat instead of the ordered Veggie Pattie, a suggestion-maybe, plate them or wrap them different so staff can tell the difference and not serve it.
3	Love the burgers. Love the service and love the decor. Every time I come here I get great food and awesome service.
5	This is a nice local place for us.  I was very impressed with their server  staff that didn't refer back to the main server.  Most places would just say, I'll let your server know, but here it didn't matter if it was their table or not, they were quick to take care of us.Great visit! Thanks
3	We have eaten here several times and the service is hit or miss.  We have had absolutely horrible service and then good service.  Today was good service.  Van was our server.  She was bubbly and on top of things.  My parents got the bottomless rootbeer float.  We have ordered these in the past and notice that for whatever reason they never seem to have enough ice cream. The food is always ok at Red Robin.  Based on today's visit RR would get a 4 but based on all visits together it is about 2.5 and that is largely based on the less than stellar service that we usually get from here.  The food however, has always been good.
1	Total disaster from start to finish. We went in New Years about 6:30 or so. We were told there would be a 10 min wait. it was 30 min, and when we were seated there were at least 8 empty tables. Service was seriously lacking, servers and even the manager were sliding their butts on the back of our chairs because they were to lazy to walk around, lifting large trays over as they slid through. The food took way longer than it should have and was cold when it arrived. My little girl wanted some more fires, after waiting more than 20 min for a refill, were told it was going to be a while because they had to fill orders before they could refill my daughters fries. The restroom was discusting, there were towels on the floor and two of three stalls had no toilet paper. I've had better experiences at McDonald's, we couldn't have had a worse first meal of the year. Needless to say we will not be returning.
1	I recently ate at this location on a Saturday and it was a train wreck! We arrived at 4:45 pm to beat the rush, but still waited over an hour for our food. Two of the orders were wrong, our server spilled a drink and never returned to clean it up. My wife and I got on our hands and knees and cleaned it up to make sure no one slipped and fell. We spoke to the manager who seemed a little out of her mind... She just stared at me with bugged out eyes and then offered to bring us more water.  This location is a joke, I called their corporate office and I am still waiting to hear back.
2	Always  disappointed.  However,  my husband loves this  place bc of  the  bottomless  fries.  Waitstaff has to  be reminded to  get  refills.  My order is always wrong.  Food is a hit  or miss.  Hostess is always super nice.
