4	I just got a cute little Hyundai here on Friday after getting into a pileup on 101 with my sweet pea the night before.  My insurance arranged the rental and Enterprise was calling me the next morning right when they opened to arrange pickup.  They were friendly and efficient, what more could I ask for?
5	Recently rented a car from Enterprise and had great service.  The car was ready, clean and the staff was great!
1	It's very rare that I'm moved to write a review and a bad one at that. Most times I just suck up and deal with any bad experiences. So... 3 weeks ago made a reservation online and  called the branch 24hrs in advanced to be picked up at 9am. I gave the person the pick up address and cross st (easy to find).  I'm travelling from Phoenix to West los Angeles for a 6pm appointment to time is important. I received a call at 8am the day of to confirm my pick up location and time (My apartments front office 9am). I was there waiting at 8:50 and by 9am no call no pickup. I patiently waited thinking they might have some delays. 9:15 and nothing by 9:25 I get a call stating that they are there at my office location ready to pick me up. What, why are you at my office I said. All the info I gave to rent is under my home address and I confirmed the pick up address twice. So I was finally picked up by 10am they gave me a 5% discount (saved $8) have me the car with a full tank but noted the paper work with 1/2 a tank. I returned the car with 1/2 a tank and they charged me for the other half. They adjusted the gas charges to $0.In the end I had to rush to Los Angeles non stop and just made it with 10min to spare. It would of been much better with an hour or more of time to spare.This location has me thinking twice about renting from them and enterprise in general. I rent once or twice a month for a week at a time on average.Enterprise Plus memberEmerald club member.
1	This was my first, and inevitably the last time, I will ever use or recommend Enterprise Rent-A-Car to anyone. The location in Phoenix, Az on Chandler Blvd. has made the last two months a nightmare. I was involved in an auto accident with the person at fault's insurance paying for the rental. I asked for the vehicle that would not cost me anything over what the insurance company would cover, and was put in a Chevrolet Captiva. Upon returning the vehicle after 18 days I was charged $270 stating it was the overage of what the insurance company would cover.   I called the location and was assured it would get refunded and she would contact the insurance company for the difference. A week later I called down once again and was assured it in fact was refunded, at this point I requested proof for my records and was told I would be gotten back to. After several weeks had passed without refund American Express charged the balance back without incident from Enterprise.   At this point I was contacted by the manager of this location and told this balance was going to be sent to collections due to me disputing the charge. I then informed him I did not request a upgraded rental nor was I told by Stephen (I believe this is the name of the representative) that this was an upgrade to what I was intended to receive. I was told the versions of the rental from his representative and my own are different (obviously as to uphold the charge and avoid any repercussion). Once again I was never contacted  by any Enterprise employees to follow up on this.  After this entire fiasco I will make sure the misleading and shady business practice of this company is well known and dissuade future customers from using Enterprise Rent-A-Car.
