4	The Duke Energy Theater is found inside the Spirit Square complex uptown - so you might not know it from the outside. When people refer to "Spirit Square", they most often think of the McGlohon, which is a whole lot nicer (and larger).The Duke Energy Theater, on the other hand, is a nice space, but it is on the small side. It is in fact so small that if you are near the front and you catch a spirited (see what I did there?) performance of say "Die Roten Punkte", the movements of the performers can be felt through your chairs. Most larger venues just don't convey that - and they probably have much nicer chairs too.On the upside, it's a very intimate space, even smaller than the Booth. On the downside, it's not the most comfortable place to see a lengthy show, so hopefully you won't be sitting for long.
4	Found in the same building as the Light Factory and the much larger and ornate McGlohon, the Duke Energy Theater puts a new face on "intimate." Definitely not your typical theater/auditorium for a concert, but hey, I'm game for just about anything. Came here on a Wednesday night to catch "Die Roten Punkte" with my wife and some friends. Maybe only 100 seats in the whole room and most were filled. Here's my take: Pros: I LOVE a good intimate venue. I love being able to see the musicians/artist's faces, expressions and actually see their movements whilst performing. DET definitely delivers here. We sat in the front row and were basically a part of the show!Easy access if you park along 7th street. No crazy stairs, windy walkways or blocks upon city blocks to walk through. Simple access in Spirit Square. Cons: The seats are pretty rickety. I'm a rather broad-shouldered individual. If I were to sit next to an infant (not in a car seat) or an adolescent, I'd be just peachy. Sitting next to another dude my size -- not so much. Also, the risers where the seats rest are a little unstable in my opinion. Agree with Chad E on that front. You can definitely feel all of the motion happening in the room. Overall a very fun, intimate venue to enjoy. Can't wait to catch another show here! Maybe I'll try and reserve some space next to me for more shoulder room next time. Cheers!
3	Times like this, I wish I could write a review with no stars--not because I hate the Duke, but because my experience varies between 2, 3 and 4 stars, depending on the show and the company I'm with. My mom and I recently checked out Distant Relatives: African Fusion here, and the dancers were electric. The tightness of the venue worked, so that even with 40 or so attendees, it didn't feel empty and the audience was able to give the performers the energy feedback they needed to put on a good show. Not so for an earlier show with my husband, who shares Ben's broad shoulders etc. He was super uncomfortable quashed into the rickety older stadium-style seats. The balcony layout also leaves much to be desired. After walking through the lobby past the McGlohon and the box office, the Duke can feel like an unfinished, uncared-for afterthought stuck onto the side of a nice venue with bubble gum.
4	Found this venue thanks to a trusty little app called Yelp. I was in Charlotte for business and once all the business was done was looking for something interesting to do with my time. Up pops an event "Social Animal" at the Duke Energy Theater. It was being presented by a local dance company. Having taken dance classes in my past, and with a passion for exploring human behavior, I was intrigued and decided to make my way over to the theater.  Loved the intimacy of the theater. However, if it would have been a packed house, I don't know how much I would have loved it. I may not be as broad shouldered as Benjamin G., but I definitely like my personal space. Love supporting these little venues and will keep my eye out next time in town for what might be going down.
