4	KFC finally in Montreal..... Nope, this is not about the Colonel....I'm talkin bout Korean fried chicken. Finally a good spot in the town that does some yummy fried chicken. The Sunsal Pa-Dak is my favorite. Crispy fried boneless chicken served with spring onions and wasabi spiced soy sauce. Also tried their half and half. Two types of chicken (deep fried And sweet and spicy) served with fries. Not a big fan of chicken with bone though. Will definitely be back to try other dishesFood : GreatService : O_oAmbiance : o_OWorth the price : Affirmative
5	Probably some of the best friend chicken I have ever eaten in a long time! The chicken is made to order and fresh. We had the half and half and loved it!Definitely worth trying if you are into deliciously made food.
4	The fried chicken was good, we shared a half and half 10 piece meal. Half straight fried and half with sauce. The chicken has not greasy at all! It was crispy fried and juicy. The only thing that I could say was for me it was missing a touch of salt. The sauce was tasty with a little bite. I would have liked some kimchi, a little ban cha maybe?All in all. I probably will go back
4	Wow. This place was excellent. I'd give it 4.5 stars if I could. Simply fried chicken dishes, with salad sides, and beer. Sooooo good.. Really yummy, regular fried pieces or with general Tao sauce. Some of the healthiest, tastiest fried chicken I have ever had. And for good prices.I stopped eating fast food years ago because it was always like fool's gold, ie: with KFC (PFK), you crave it and then after feel gross and bummed out. This is the opposite, as the chicken is fresh there, and made to order.For the two of us, it was about $30 (bt) for 12 boneless chicken pieces, two coleslaws, and fries, and two Asahi's 500ml. Making it even cheaper than KFC. And a really nice and simple arrangement inside, with friendly staff and an easy to read menu.Lovely outdoor seating too on Sherbrooke for sunny days. I will totally go back.
5	Korean fried chicken?! YES and YES! I was totally excited about this place and heard about it through seeing its name somewhere on my facebook news feed. I had this kind of fried chicken in California and I didn't realize Montreal had one too! So when you arrive you have to order at the counter first for whatever type of chicken you want. My bf and I decided on the regular fried chicken number 7 i think. It came with coleslaw and fries. Really, it was just good, Like 12 notches better than your typical fried chicken. The skin was crispy, it wasn't overly greasy like dunked/bathed in oil, and the seasoning was spot on.. Now if I had to choose between the usual fast food joints like Mcdonalds, KFC, A&W etc and Dawa, I'd go for Dawa all the way. Dawa is still considered fast food I find, but Korean version and so delicious, It's really worth traveling to NDG for. It's easy to find: located right near the Korean epicerie. Now go try that chicken!
4	I've tried all the boneless variations and found the two "spicy" ones to be very similar to each other. While the ones with sauce are more flavourful, I love the half and half for the "unsauced" ones to clean the palate, so to speak. Would give the place five stars for deliciousness and the great service. However, it feels just a tad overpriced for the fact that at this "diner-style" restaurant my husband and I easily spend $35 (on food only) by splitting a large half and half and both still feel a bit peckish. Problem is our appetites are too big for a 10-piece entree each (or splitting a 20 or 24- piece entree), but are not big enough for two 20-piece entrees. Unfortunately there are really no reasonably priced items to fill in the gap without paying an additional $10 for another entree.
2	I've been coming here for the past year, every week at first and now every few months and never again. They used the worst cuts of meat in their sunsal-tao chicken and put way more salad than fries. When I asked the waitress to take back the salad and give me more fries, she said, Sorry, it's already been made." How stingy! And this after ordering and paying for extra pieces of chicken and giving her a generous tip! It's too bad because I really like the owner of the place. Best not to come here when it's busy (Saturday night and in summer for some reason), because quality of food and service goes down.
3	The taste was good, really good. But something is not right. I ordered the #2 family package, 18 pieces of spicy chicken for $23.99+tx. But there was only about four spoons of rice. COME-ON! Isn't it suppose to be a FAMILY PACKAGE?
4	Fried chicken wings is one of my ultimate favorite dishes ever since I was a baby! So when I heard about this place (listed on a list of 10 best places to eat chicken wings on nightlife.ca), I. HAD. TO. GO. This is my kind of place for a Sunday night meal, so casual and without pretention. We ordered three flavors: the Tao wings, fried wings and terriyaki. My favorite was the latter.... perfectly crispy but wit some sauce on it, a little bit salty and a little bit sweet. We had the hot sauce on the side as my friend can't take spicy, and ohhhhh it was finger licking good especially with a Sapporo.Even if they were broadcasting a CBC documentary on pigeons, I will definitely go back. One of the best chicken wings I've had in Montreal.
