4	This is not a four-star hotel. But it gets four stars for cleanliness, convenience and friendly staff.We chose the Blackstone Hotel/Holiday Inn for its proximity to the LAS airport. We came in late and wanted to to avoid the Strip traffic at all costs. It took us approximately five minutes from airport to the hotel. Good deal.Upon check-in, we were informed there was a problem with our Booking.com reservation. All was handled quickly and efficiently, and we were off to our $56/night room on a Saturday. Take that, Strip!Unless I'm staying at a resort, I care little about the "decor" of a hotel. I want 1. cleanliness and 2. location. And we got both here. The hotel room was clean -- and we were less than a mile from the strip. Score!For the person that suggested this was in a war-zone.... really? Las Vegas changes from seedy to sexy every other block -- and this location is no exception. We did not, however, feel unsafe. In fact, this hotel is adjacent to Roy's, a classy, five-star restaurant that's dishes out $40 a plate dinners. We were tempted to pop in here, but we were so tired, we opted for the hotel lobby restaurant. 2-1 drinks and moderately priced Mexican food.... we went to bed with full, happy bellies. The only downside to our stay: At 12 AM Vegas time (3 AM our time), they decided to clean the adjoining room to ours. It was unbelievably noisy and bothersome to have vacuum cleaners and doors slamming at -- what for us was -- the middle of the night. Thirty minutes later, and our room once again became a quiet, peaceful haven.I've stayed at far superior hotels that were less clean. With the exception of the minor inconvenience, this hotel was a real score! We bet on Black(stone), and we won!
3	This hotel used to be a Holiday Inn so they still have some stuff with that name on it. I had a great stay, very comfortable for a weekend stay. Room was very clean and better than some of the older hotels on the strip. My favorite part about this hotel was their shuttle service that was included in their resort fee. It does take a while to wait for the shuttle so plan with enough time to make it to your destination. There was no tub, stand in shower only which was fine with me. Another plus for this hotel.... its all smoke free!!! Oh Bucca DiPeppo is in walking distance if you get really hungry and they also have a bar and cafe in the hotel, their happy hour includes 2 for 1 drinks for guest. Over all I give it 3 stars due to the wait for the shuttle otherwise I'd really give it a 4 :)
5	What a great experience.  Took my daughter and her "Aunt" here for an 8th grade graduation trip to see Phantom.  Our trip was excellent from start to finish due to the great service at the hotel! We were picked up promptly from the airport by the free shuttle and the great service never ended.  David was our favorite.  Ever the gentleman, and full of local knowledge and tips.  We loved him! Stephanie, Joseph, and Clay were great too! Jules working the front desk was super friendly and ready to help!!  Rooms were clean, and hotel was on top of any small issues.  Housekeeping has a few kinks, but we heard they are down a few employees so we understood.  They immediately responded to any request.  Cant beat the two for one drinks and the food was modestly priced and good.  Loved being able to go to Vegas and not stay on the strip, but could get there free at the drop of a hat.  We will definitely be return customers and recommend this to anyone coming to see what Vegas has to offer!
5	This former Holiday Inn is apparently under new ownership, and there are several reasons to recommend it. First, the rooms are clean & lovely - a key concern for our family. Second, the staff is friendly, helpful, and they work hard to give fantastic guest service. Third, the restaurant serves good, quality food - nothing special or fancy. Fourth, the hotel provides more-or-less 24-hr shuttle service to/from the Strip. It's more dependable during the day, of course, but they really do the best they can under the circumstances. Finally, the location is great - away from the loud bustle of the Strip, yet close enough to walk to some choice spots both on & off the Strip.Now, some crazy young people in my family are planning their wedding & want us to have a "destination wedding" in Vegas. My first thought is to hit up the Blackstone for group rates, reception facilities, etc. These people deserve for us to spend our money with them - and I'm confident that we would not be disappointed in the result!
4	Clean. Affordable. Close enough to the strip w/o the drama of being on the strip. Clean rooms, Nice staff.  NO RESORT FEES and Free internet.Tons of restaurants in walking distance. We'll be back.
4	I must say I was a bit skeptical on booking this hotel since it was a deal on Livingsocial, but I am so satisfied its unreal,  The entrance was very modern and the customer service was superb!  Rooms were clean and extremely upgraded.  We had a wonderful view of the strip from the 5th floor and our deal came with free breakfast Saturday and Sunday!  Now if you are expecting some huge breakfast think twice you get a moderate amount and french toast is an extra charge but all in all a great deal!  So close to the strip.  The only things that I was not happy about was our room window was directly across from the emergency station of some sort so sirens all f***** night you know some jerk every 10 seconds was doing some drunken move somewhere....  The window just had a shade and the light would come in from the side right in my face.  But other than that totally worth the money!  I will definitely go back!
4	I purchased a Groupon for the Blackstone, which I had never heard of before. For $129 they offered a two night stay, checking in on Friday, and that included your resort fee and breakfast for each morning. Since Jenna C wrote her review they have now added a resort fee of $7.99 per day. This includes wi-fi and shuttle service to the strip, although we still tipped the drivers a couple bucks each time. This used to be a Holiday Inn apparently, so they don't have a real sign up yet, only a banner. Decor is sparse and simple, but i kind of liked it that way. They have only one restaurant in the lobby area serving Mexican food, and if you're a guest they offer 2 for 1 cocktails. The breakfast deal was great because we could order anything off the menu. When I heard we got breakfast i thought it was a boring continental set up, so we were pleasantly surprised. The rooms were very clean, had a large tv and desk (for the double queen) and standard amenities such as iron, hairdryer and coffee maker. Plenty of parking underground and an elevator from the parking garage up to the floors makes it VERY convenient to unload your luggage.The shuttle service guys were GREAT! You are given two cell #s and you can call them when you want a ride. They operate from 7am-11pm and the maximum time we waited was 25 min. Front desk was helpful and had speedy checkin/checkout service. I also liked that the hotel was 100% non-smoking and nice and quiet.
5	I was thankful for the clean rooms and semi comfy beds.  I'm really picky about beds, so I'm glad I got to sleep.  Had a Groupon and will definately be back!  I really liked the service, the food, and the shuttle.  Pool is small but at least they have one. What's great about this hotel is that it's walking distance to some great restaurants i.e. Roy's and Red Lobster which was two of our choices when we stayed there.  Oh and the bathrooms had a great ventilation system haha... someone farted and we didn't smell it as much as we thought we would. Oh Vegas, how we're gonna miss thee.
3	Found a deal on Groupon for the Blackstone, so we decided to try it out, $129 for 2 nights was a great deal. Although you could tell they are still going through renovations, it was clean, food in the restaurant was decent and it was not far from the strip. The pool was out of service for our last day and a half there, so that would be my only complaint. But other than that, not bad.
4	While the Blackstone hotel is near a not so great area, the hotel itself is well maintained. Also, the provided shuttles keep you from having to wander into that area and allow you to get around with ease. I have to say, I was most impressed by the modern decor. It was fun and unexpected. While the staff seemed disheveled (understaffed, perhaps?), they were very friendly and made my stay enjoyable. Will recommend to friends.
3	The place has some big positives and some decently big negatives.Pluses:-cheap, and still close enough to the strip to walk-pretty clean-restaurant serves a decent breakfast-free shuttleMinuses:-the shuttle had arguably the worst timing/communication possible (when we flew in, we got in to Terminal 3... and it took us about an hour to figure it out with the driver, who just told us to go to "level 0", that he wanted us at Terminal 1. Every time we tried to reach the driver, we'd have to go through front desk, so it was just annoying!)-the rooms are confusing in terms of setup - the light switches were sometimes just hidden!-one of our lamps was broken-yes, there is now a $7.99 resort fee
5	I give it 5 stars based on value.  The hotel is modern and clean. The staff was very accommodating and friendly. I think I received great value for the price I paid. I booked directly through their www.bookit.com.  I paid $49.00 including tax with their pre-fixed breakfast (which included 2 eggs, home fries, and bacon/sausage- with coffee or tea, made to order).  Someone on Yelp said it used to be a Holiday Inn. It's laid out just like one with underground parking, and small bar/dining area lounge.  Las Vegas was a stop over before heading to the Grand Canyon, so this hotel was perfect for our purpose.  It was clean, modern, inexpensive, and convenient.  I'd stay here again.
4	This former Holiday Inn, former Blackstone Inn is now the "Baymont Inn & Suites." It's fine. It looks and feels exactly like a Holiday Inn only a little patched up because of the typical rowdy Las Vegas guests. It's only one-mile from the strip but there's an awesome strip mall with some nice and cheap restaurants a block away. The room had a king-sized bed, 36-inch HDTV and an AC unit. The bathroom was large and clean. The showers were perfectly hot and had great shower head flow. I kept the blinds down my entire stay because it faced the pool so no nice view to mention.This is pretty much a no-nonsense hotel that cost me $69.19 per night including taxes and $7.99 daily resort fee which also included wi-fi and a continental breakfast each morning. Good deal considering it was the weekend of the Pacquiao/Marquez IV fight. I did reserve this room about three weeks earlier on Priceline so that may have helped with the low room rate. There were cheaper hotels but they were much farther from the strip. Next time I stay in Vegas, this place will receive significant consideration in regards to its value.The restaurant I visited was:http://www.yelp.com/biz/mr-beijing-las-vegas#query:blackstone%20hotelIt's only a five-minute walk from the hotel!
4	They were in the middle of a name change to Baymont Inn and Suites when I stayed here. It was easy to locate even though there was no signage on the outside. Parking was in an underground garage. The room was very clean. The bed was comfortable and the shower had good water pressure.This hotel is pretty new. This is the first time I've seen it on the map or heard of the hotel. This is a nice quiet hotel just a few blocks east of the Strip. Stay here if you want to avoid the noise and craziness of Vegas. There are very good restaurants nearby like Fogo de Chao or Roy's.There was a resort convenience fee of $7.99 plus tax. The fee included things like bottled water, breakfast, transportation to the airport, and wifi. The front desk was staffed with friendly and helpful people.
5	Amazing hotel. I rolled in expecting your typical nasty Vegas crash pad and was shocked to discover the sparkling clean WHITE walls. Yes, it had white walls and was still clean. That's an achievement in my book. The staff was freakin' awesome including the cab driver who is included in the amenities fee which takes you to and from the strip in a classy, blacked out Subaru. My room was equally as lovely and let me tell you that is saying a lot as I consider myself an official hotel snob. I went to the strip and returned to my hotel and slept like a bug in a rug. I felt totally safe which was comforting to my dear mother at home who was freaking about me spending the night in Vegas all on my lonesome. The key phrase here is: bang for your buck
1	Don't stay there.. Owner is rude, personal effects were stolen from my room and management said .. Go take a hike!!!Over $4300 of lost jewelry and would even Take talk to me!!!!!
4	This is a decent option in Vegas, especially if you get a deal online (I got a Groupon; they often have Groupon or LivingSocial or other deals.)The hotel is about a mile off the strip; you can walk from the Strip, but if it's summer you might get a bit warm and worn out.  (Not that there aren't lots of casinos along the way to pop into to cool down.)  The rooms were clean, and fairly basic; the place used to be a Holiday Inn.  There's free underground parking, and free wifi.  (Apparently this is usually included in a resort fee; our deal didn't add a fee. But you'd want to check the fine print.)  The deal we got included breakfast, which meant we got to choose an entree from the Mexican themed hotel restaurant.  The food was delicious, even if the service was a bit slow.  Good breakfast burrito!The best part is that they operate a free shuttle to and from any casino on the Strip; you call to ask it to pick you up, or to ask it to take you.  We never had to wait more than 20 minutes or so to get our ride, and the shuttle drivers were both friendly and helpful. The hotel does not have a casino, and was quiet, which is actually quite nice in Vegas. I think it would be a decent place to stay with kids.  There's a swimming pool, which we didn't try, but it looked clean and nice.One observation -- and make of this what you will -- the room across the hall from us had a sticker over the door saying that it was closed off on police orders . . . from the county coroner's office.  So there is a non-zero chance that the room you stay in will be one that someone died in at some point during the summer of 2012.  Again -- make of that what you will!
3	We had a really nice stay at Baymont Inn and Suites. It is just a mile away from the Vegas Strip and very conveniently located near the airport and car rental location. The room rates are not too high. They have shuttle to the strip and the response time is very quick. The shuttle drops -off and picks up at a bunch of locations. So it is worth considering.The rooms were nice and clean and the staff was very friendly. Specially Jules, he was very helpful and informative. The breakfast goes on from 6:00 - 9:00 and was alright, nothing too great. The coffee is not good at all.I would have given 4 four stars, but for a couple of things 1. They charged us a convenience fee, ~ $10 a day. We got this deal on priceline and I did not read about this on their fine print. They say that the gym, wi-fi etc are included in this fee.2. They did not have a fridge or a microwave in the room.3. There are apartment complexes/homes right opposite the hotel and they played music, very loud music, until about 2:00 or 3:00 am one night. This was quite frustrating. However, when we complained to the hotel employee, the music stopped soon afterward.I may consider staying here again.
4	Rock bottom prices for a hotel that's about a mile from the Strip. When we walked in, the room smelled strongly of bleach, which is fine since I'd rather have it smell more antiseptic than smelling like no one had done anything to the room. The room itself was spacious and the bed was comfortable. The hard wooden bedframes have sharp corners that are right at the shin/knee level which can cause some painful bruises if you are not careful of where you walk! The bathroom was also spacious, with a shower, no tub. The shower itself has good water pressure, but the floor in our shower made a strange creaking noise whenever I moved.We stayed for one night over the weekend and found the hotel to be quiet. We couldn't hear any of the other patrons which was nice (Although this might have been due to the fact that there weren't many patrons here in the hotel in general).Breakfast was decent. It included beverage such as apple and orange juice, milk, coffee, and tea. There were bagels, slices of bread, mini-muffins, fruity breakfast bars, bananas, and cereals. Food was refreshed fairly quickly once items ran out, and there was no problem finding a place to sit and eat.Check-in and check-out was easy. Be aware that there is about a $9 facility fee which covers breakfast, wi-fi, exercise room, etc.In general, while you're getting a deal by staying off the Strip, the hotel is a nondescript brown building with not a lot of good signage yet. The location is a bit less than ideal since it's bordering a more run-down part of town. There is a nice underground garage though.One thing to note is that there isn't any fridge or microwave in the rooms, so plan accordingly.
1	This hotel is located at the edge of a really rundown neighborhood. While our car was parked in their garage someone smashed in one of the windows and stole some items from our car. The shower in the "handicapped" room they assigned to us included a ramp for wheelchairs to go up but the ramp also lets the water in the shower run down all over the bathroom floor. There was only one set of towels in the room, so we had to get room service to provide us with more towels.By 7:30 am they no longer had cream cheese available for guests for breakfast (breakfast hours are 6-9 am) -  since they provide breakfast on a daily basis, shouldn't they be stocked up to provide enough cream cheese to guests for the next several weeks?There are only two washers and driers in the hotel (out of five floors). We had to wait  a while before a machine finally became available. We won't book another visit with the Baymont Inn and Suites.
5	I went to EDC and I decided to get a cheap hotel since I was already paying a lot on gas and good. The place was really nice and clean. Service was great. The only complaint I would have would the slow wifi. I thought I would be hummed out because we weren't on the strip, but my friends told me they got woken up at 10-11AM every single day from all the pool parties and events during EDC week. Our hotel was nice and quiet. We didn't even hear the fire station that was across the street from us. Oh yeah, we also had a shower that was the same level as our floor which got the floor pretty wet, but it was manageable. Overall, everything was great and I'll be coming again next time.
4	I am came here last minute since I was just driving through LV. I didn't want to stay on the strip, and this place was pretty great. At night, it's really dark outside - so it looks shadddyyy, so I was weary. But inside was very brightly lit and clean. The place is all non-smoking which was another plus. I asked for two queen sized beds instead of a king... and I got a king. I didn't bother going down the elevator to fix it because I was too tired. The rate for me was $79 including all the taxes and mandatory fees, which was decent since it was last minute...
5	The Baymont Suites and Inn was a warm and welcoming place. For the price, smoke free environment, location, free shuttle service, free breakfast and moments away from the busy hustle and bustle it is a must stay. There are not enough Kudos that I can give to Staff. They are no longer hotel staff but part of my family. They treat you like you are the only customer and they look out for you to insure your safety. I WILL DEFINITELY STAY WITH THEM AGAIN. We stayed there for a first time meeting of people from all across America. They made several special meals for 2 events and the food was just out of this world cooked by their own management staff Mr. James Sexton. If you are looking for an affordable hotel with amenities this is the place to be. Please tell your friends and family that the TEBFs highly recommend this establishment.
5	I stayed at the Baymont Inn And Suites during a recent weekend visit to Las Vegas. The service was wonderful, the rooms were functionally pleasing with free WiFi, free lobby-located web service, large screen TVs, reliable maid service, a pool, and a reasonably priced gym.The hotel is located in walking distance to shops, department stores, and drug stores. It is also located only 4 miles from the strip. I thoroughly enjoyed the accommodations and the service.
4	If you're looking for just a place to sleep for a great deal off the Strip, I recommend this hotel. This was formerly a Holiday Inn, but I guess it was bought over.The hotel is clean. The room is spacious and comfortable. Staff is friendly and accommodating. There's also underground parking. But be aware that there is a resort fee that pays for the gym, parking, and wifi. There is a complimentary breakfast included.
3	I'm of mixed opinions about Baymont Inn and Suites in this case - yes it represents a good deal to those who do have a car, but options are limited nearby and housekeeping needs some serious work.  Admittedly a fan of the 24/7 gym, the elliptical was broken during my stay and the treadmill belt occasionally slips - all this for a $9.99 amenities fee added on at the end of the trip.Sure it is cheaper than on-strip options, but aside from the basics you also 'get what you pay for.'
3	This spot is great had a little trouble checking in as the system went down right when we got there, the free breakfast from 6-9am made up for the lost time will be checking out all the other spots that offer free breakfast for now on now that i know they exsist
2	After purchasing a Living Social Deal back in August, we arrived to celebrate Halloween weekend and much to our dismay, they overbooked for that weekend.  It was not just us, there were about three to four other groups waiting to either find another place or have management solve the issue. I understand it is not the front desk attendant's fault since she had to clean up someone else's planning mess, but there has to be some sort of solution when a situation like this arises.  She could only tell us that a Travel Lodge had available rooms and could not guarantee that we could get our money transferred over there. She could not even contact the manager or anyone else to help resolve the issue.  We had to relocate somewhere else and was finally able to get a room the following day.  The room was clean and decent.  Newer furniture and it was still a decent price.  It is just the hassle of finding another place to stay after a long drive.  The customer service itself was courteous but they were not provided the resources to find a better solution for us.  Instead, us and the other people who made reservations had to go out on their own to find another place.  As an establishment, please find reasonable solutions for people and compensate them when they have already paid.  This is just a lesson for them to be more prepared and detailed when scheduling their rooms. This is my first time staying at this hotel and the first impression was not its greatest so I find that I do not think I will be making a return stay at this place.
3	Comfortable beds. Fairly decent room. Bad? Tub clogged/ran slow when you took a regular shower. Told front desk twice. They said it was fixed. They lied. Water came up to ankles. Other than that it was okay. The breakfast is just breads, oatmeal, and cereals. Juice, milk, and coffee. They tell you no beverages or food from breakfast in the room, but they have menus for delivery food and a coffee maker in each room (contradiction much?)...
1	Just right off the bat - I see other people rave about 'free-wifi' and 'free shuttles' - if you book your stay through hotwire/expedia/priceline/living social and pre-pay the room with a promotional/low occupancy rate, instead of paying a Rack rate or commercial rate, they will add on an 'amenities' fee, which is 9.99/day + tax + other tax which ends up working out to ~ 15 bucks a day. So i had booked it through hotwire, paying 68$/day - bringing my actual cost to 82$/day - keeping in mind, i could have stayed at at least 4 casino places that were 89$/day - had i realized this would happen, i would have paid the 7 dollars to have to shuttle into the strip. The pool was closed the whole time we were there due to an unspecified issue with it - the did say if we walked over to candlewood next door, we can use their pool. Their 'Continental Breakfast'  consisted of (and i am not making this up) Eggo waffles that the took out of bulk boxes and placed in a container, Activa Yogurt, and Breakfast bars. No possibility of ordering anything from their 'grill' because that appeared to be closed all the time. It seems their breakfast chef is a dude who goes to CostCo and picks up some bulk items. Their shuttle to the strip is not convenient - the two times we tried to use it, there were waits of 1.5 hours (apparently in between driver shifts) and 1 hour - despite the literature saying that it runs on the hour. The "gym" that was included had a broken elliptical - and seeing other reviews (FROM OCTOBER) it doesn't seem they are in a hurry to fix that either. You do get a nice view of the poorer side of vegas - outside my hotel window i did get to see a drug deal go down between two nice people. (I think it was a drug deal.. maybe it was a yankee swap from christmas - they exchanged things and the guy in the car drove off quite quickly)One last bit - their "business center' where i was going to print my bording passes when i was leaving - yeah it's two desktop PC's from 2001 era computing, and a printer that had a well worn, aged sign that said 'Sorry the printer isn't currently working - we have a ticket open with IT to fix' - meanwhile, it was like that my whole 5 day stay. I will say, it seems like the staff are resigned to work in the place, and know how bad it is, and try to do everything possible to make your stay nice - the front desk helpfully let me use their computer to print boarding passes, they moved me from the smelly messed up room they initially put me in to another with no fuss, and are knowledgable about places to go. The staff gets 4 stars... but even that doesn't save this place from being a 1 star, never book again craptacular "hotel"
1	WARNING!  Do not book!I called the hotel directly in January 2014 to book a room for March 2014.  They messed up my reservation and made it for January.  I was charged a night stay!When I called the manager Magel to let them be aware of their error, he was unwilling to help!  He mentioned I would need to dispute my credit card bill!  To make things even better, on the reservation for March 2014 they had down the wrong nights!  I was charged again!  I will never book this hotel!  POOR MANAGER!So you have been warned if you book this hotel, there is poor customer service!
4	For the price, this hotel is well worth it.The interior looks fairly new, clean, modern, well lit and has everything you might need in terms of amenities. There's a rather full stocked breakfast bar -- as far as continental breakfasts are concerned -- and parking is free.Sure there are much more luxurious hotels not too far away but for the money, Baymont has an excellent value. I would stay here again.
1	The Interior of the hotel looks updated but more like they've simply slapped a new coat of paint and some new furniture on an old building.  Every cab ride I had to take back to my hotel entailed me having to give them the street address because no one knew what or where the location was.  Driving by on the street the building is barely lit and the vinyl banner they have hanging off of one side cannot be seen at night.  They quite honestly shouldn't advertise their shuttle service because it's never available.  The conference I was attending was a mile walk from the hotel (Sands Expo) and just to get from the Sands Expo or the attached Venetian hotel almost always was 45 minutes to an hour wait.  The last time I attempted to have their shuttle pick me up I waited on the curb (so I could see them coming) of the Venetian for an hour before finally calling and asking what the ETA was only to have the shuttle driver tell me that he already drove by and didn't see me so moved on.  He then said he was downtown and it would be "an hour or more" before he could get back to me.  Most of the time from there I either walked the mile or took a cab.When I stay at ANY hotel I always put the "Do Not Disturb" sign out because I don't like strangers coming into my room moving things around when I'm not there.  With that, I usually call housekeeping at night and get towels for the next morning.  As I was leaving my room one day I saw housekeeping in the hallway around 1pm and asked them for towels.  They didn't have any full sets so I told him I would just call that night when I got back to change them out.  I also apologized to him for keeping the DND sign out and explained that I didn't mind changing towels after the fact.  When I got back to my hotel room that night I found that the sign was taken off of my door and someone had let themselves into my room and simply put a stack of towels on my bathroom counter.  Normally, this wouldn't bother most but for me I was rather disturbed.  I had the sign out for a reason but they took it upon themselves to take the sign off and let themselves in.  I talked to the hotel manager (who's rarely there or available) and she pulled over the housekeeping manager to discuss.  She said she would discount my bill but I have yet to see the discount reflected (the room charges were pre-paid).  Their breakfast was cereal and stale bagels.  At any given time there was only one person working the front desk answering all phone calls and trying to take care of guests with lines 4 or 5 deep.  At one point their computer systems went down and they were hopeless at best.  This was my first and last trip to this hotel.  I would strongly advise people to stay away regardless of what "deal" you think you might be getting.
3	Rooms and beds are clean and comfortable, Jules and Dominicka at the front desk were also helpful. We had a situation that at first they were extremely unhelpful with, but Dominicka finally got it handled. Ask for a room over the pool on the 3rd or 4th floor for a better view. It's a long walk to the strip, I would take the shuttle if you don't have a car. The pool was closed for repairs, which was extremely disappointing as we came out early before business meetings to have a little time in the sun. Trash was pulled up in the parking garage. The price was great, but I doubt if we will be back. There are nicer places that don't charge for a slightly late check out.
1	The GOOD: CheapFree internet Close to the stripBreakfast continental servedRooms cleanBed comfyBig screen TVThe BAD:Extra charge of $10 a night additional to what you already pay forRooms were very narrow2 of the 3 lamps, the lights didn't work The bed frame was too far out, with very sharp edges Remote control didn't workThe bathroom door's lock didn't workBathtub super slippery with no grip Shower curtain was rippedNo fridgeNOW watch how the GOOD and BAD turn into UGLY! Although the rooms were affordable, they were still "cheap". You get what you pay for is the perfect scenario in our case.  We requested two rooms; both rooms had issues with their lamp.  We all hit our legs around the edge of the beds. Multiple times! Because the rooms were so darn narrow. The little minor stuff doesn't really mean much; such as the door lock, dead battery on remote, lights not working right. But, when there is the refrigerator in your room... this was completely a shocker. This is not a cheap motel, this is a hotel! It should have one. A little mini one to keep our drinks cold.  The ice machine wasn't even working properly in the hallway.  We had to go to another floor and get ice. We were told they serve continental breakfast. Oh lovely! Well, the next morning at approx 10:00am we went to have breakfast; they said they clean up everything by 9:00am. Are you kidding me? 1st, who wakes up before 9:00 in Vegas? 2nd, what's the rush? It's still morning and it's not like they were preparing for lunch.   The tub was so darn slippery that I fell backwards hitting my head on the wall, kept slipping down, and hit my head again on the tub, along with my neck and left arm. Now, this is not their fault that I slipped and fell... however, nothing was in the tub to prevent from slipping, and not even a rail to hold on to.  We went to report the incident just in case I had a concussion.  The front desk said we should of put the towel inside of the tub? Who the hell puts towel inside of the tub to prevent from slipping? How ridiculous is that? Yes, you lay the towel outside of the tub, once you get out. Ugh!  I was in so much pain the rest of the weekend. My mood was shot, I was out of it, and ended up feeling all the symptoms of a concussion.  :(
3	The Baymont Inn is your standard, off the strip budget hotel.  We came here looking for a cheap one night stay and found this place on Kayak.  It's low priced for a reason.  It has all the standard amenities: clean beds, hot showers, serviceable toilet.  However, the room reeked for bleach and smelled suspiciously sterile for my liking.  Moreover, there were some questionable stains located on our mattress as well as the furniture around it.It gets the job done and if you're in Vegas, I doubt you spend much time inside your room.  Only a mile off the strip and a short walk to Bally's  and an even shorter walk to the off the strip casino/hotel,Tuscany's.Beware: Not many taxi driver's know where this hotel is located nor that it even exists.
1	Fuck this place!! Weekend of EDC and booked our hotels a MONTH in advance and they said they didn't recieve/lost our reservations!
3	Two words- AWE SOME. Hotel was spotless. Offers breakfast and drinks. Staff is professional and friendly. Did I have to carry my own bags? NOPE. My room was wonderful. Fridge, microwave, two sinks, clean and huge bathroom, little goodies like free cookies, and all the other amenities. Bed was awesome= I did not remember falling to sleep. No overwhelming air freshener smells, most likely because the carpet, furniture and room were actually clean. Excellent wi fi, FREE Wi-Fi, close to the throughways to the strip, airport or freeways. This will be my spot from now on Vegas!
3	Baymont Inn was a great deal. We were only staying one night and didn't need to be on the Strip for the usual Vegas revelry. The room was great, the staff were really friendly. I was very happy to see two PCs in the lobby available for guest use as I needed to get a few quick things done and didn't bring my laptop. We had breakfast in the lobby at the breakfast bar. Super basic but it worked. Before we left we had time to check out the pool and Jacuzzi. There is parking underground - another bonus. I definitely would put this hotel on my list for off-strip lodging.I stopped by to check out the gym and a guest trying to use the gym told me that almost every piece of equipment was defective and they were leaving. Hopefully the hotel will fix this.My room was quiet and I got a good nights sleep. All I needed :)Know before you go....If you stay on the front side of the hotel, say overlooking the pool, you are right across from a fire station and from what other guests told me they heard the sirens all night.
1	I stayed here about 6 months ago, and the hotel was fine. However on this trip it was a different story. From the rude clerk at the front desk it went downhill. Only one elevator was working, my room wasn't cleaned. The bathroom was filthy, the towels were thread bare and frayed, a couple even had holes. The TV reception faded in and out. I called Ms Rude at the front desk and was told the reception wasn't the hotel's problem. The ice machines weren't working, and that was not their problem either. Guess the hotel has no problems! I did find out the root of the problem. The hotel has hired a new manager. That explains most of the problems. Time to hire a new manager and restore the hotel to how it was 6 months ago..
4	The room was clean, didn't have any issues.  Paid $79 for one night, I probably paid too much because it was July, it's a busy season in Vegas. My only complaint is that there was no mini fridge in the room to keep my drinks cold. Kinda disappointing for a 3 star hotel!
4	Give it a 4 because of the shuttle service no longer being provided after we had purchased with them.Overall great room. Very nice and exceeded our expectations. Very clean and I had no complaints with the room. Amazed a nice room could be so cheap.The cons would be that it is so far from the strip. You definitely should have a car if you stay here. There is a bus stop in front and the buses are nicer than other places but at night they are infrequent. They are very secure here and they make you feel safe. We showed up at about 10:30 am with the expectation of leaving the bags with the front desk but luckily a room was available and they were nice enough to let us check in early at no extra fee. I dont know how often this happens but it definitely got my trip started on a happy note.
1	Very disappointment. First when we get to the hotels check in was hell. Employee was very rude I understand it Friday night/ Saturday morning but there is no need to be rude. Second I was told there was a shuttle to the strip but it was "no longer there". For a hotel off the Las Vegas strip I thought they wouldn't discontinue something like. Third out bathroom was the nastiest bathroom I have seen. The bath tub was so nasty. I would never recommend this hotel to any of my friend
1	I wish I could give this place no stars! Right off the bat when I got here the lady at the front desk was super rude! Then when I got into the hotel room the bathroom still had feet print from the night(previous guest) before it was disgusting and made me very nervous to shower in. The interior of the rooms are nice I'll give them that but I called for towels 3 separate times and was told they were on they're way and ended up walking to the (empty lobby)front desk to get them myself. Everything is broken here one elevator that doesn't work... The jacuzzi was colder then the pool and even when asking for maintenance it still didn't work. It's defiantly not walking distance from the strip and that shuttle they offer is non existent so bring some running shoes if you stay here. I appreciate that they trying to keep the guest safe by only being able to get in the elevators/parking garage/front entrance with your room key but the building is super dark and feels like a prison ... If your looking for the entrance sign it's made out of plastic an you'll have to shine your brights when you pull up to see it... And unless you get a room  facing 7seven you'll being staring at what looks like some scary ghetto. Thanks for cleaning my room for the few days I stayed here man my room was so clean but my friends room across the way never once got maid service? Maybe that's why my bathroom was so nasty someone got way to lazy and forgot a few spots better yet a bunch of rooms . I would not recommend this place to anyone ... Take what your gonna spend and find something on the strip. This place sucks
1	The hotel is not conveniently located near the strip or airport. The hotel does not provide any type of shuttle or transportation. My room was filthy. The toilet seat was disgusting and had not been cleaned. There was "gunk" on the toilet seat as well as the towels. I was exhausted and just wanted to go to sleep. I was willing to over look the filth but once I saw roaches were crawling on the wall and floor. I called the front desk to report the cock roaches in my room.  The person working the front desk responded and asked, "You mean you can't kill a roach?." I then requested to be moved to a different room.  The next morning the hotel manager called and woke me to tell me I needed to immediately leave or pay to stay another night.  I then explained that my company had scheduled my reservation and I was not scheduled to depart until that afternoon. The hotel manager responded VERY rudely and told me "as a courtesy, I'm giving you 15 minutes to pay for a second night or you must leave. I'll call you back in 15 minutes." My company sent a fax and I never heard from the manager again.  It was by far the worst experience I've EVER encountered in a hotel. I would have slept in the airport had I known I would I would be sleeping in a filthy roach infested hotel. The hotel staff was exceptionally rude and it seemed they genuinely went out of their way to make my stay uncomfortable after I informed them about the roaches in my room and requested to be changed to a different room. In addition, the hotel cleaner banged on my door, even though I placed the "do not disturb" on my door. I told her the exact time I would be leaving and she stayed outside my room door with her cart, for the next hour waiting for me to leave my room. I nearly knocked over her and her cleaning cart when I opened my hotel door to leave. I left feeling demoralized on on every possible level.
1	*****BEWARE*****Wifi broken, No more shuttle service, no more heated pool, jacuzzi broken, coke machine on 3rd floor broken, TV is so fuzzy & No channels, no more bottled water. Toilet broken hadto switch rooms, second room just as bad. Ripped carpet,  peeling wallpaper, desk falling apart, food crumbs on chairs, dirty towels stained with yellow spots also on sheets too. Shower floor filthy dirty & hairy & moldy, across the street from the hood & drainage hole where the homeless live. That's why this *Cement Prison Hotel* has this much security.  This is barely a 1.5 star hotel. It should be $30.00 a night. Service desk people won't try to make your stay better, even when they know your on your honeymoon.  We're going to speak with the manager tomorrow am. This stay was unacceptable.
2	For the price we paid (~$30/night), the Baymont was a good value. But for the normal price (which we had to pay for adding a day) and poor service we got during the holiday rush, I left feeling unsatisfied.The facilities themselves are nice: Baymont looks modern and clean, there's an outdoor pool, a small fitness center, and complimentary breakfast. Parking is located in an underground garage, which you use your card key to gain access to. And, it's a pretty close drive to the Strip. But let me get to the details. There was a dead moth on the sink counter when we walked in to the bathroom. The beds only had one sheet each on them, yet it was the beginning of winter (the desert ain't friendly at night). We asked for extra blankets. A 20 minute search turned up only two more light covers and I'm hoping they had enough stock to give to other guests. The only thing separating the rest of the bathroom from the shower is a curtain. No raised step or wall or anything. So every night, we had to barricade the floor with our used towels so we could use the toilet without slipping. The breakfast area was manned by only one snappy lady (although I'm sure there was at least one other person behind the scenes prepping things). Breakfast was inconsistent - the first day there were pre-made waffles, the next day there were hard-boiled eggs, one day the instant oatmeal disappeared, one day there was Yoplait yogurt. The only things I could count on faithfully being present were bread slices and drinks (milk, juice, coffee, tea). It'll take you 30 min before you even sit down at a table (if you can find an empty one) because the line for the two toasters is freaking long and everyone is toasting for them plus their five family members (read: toaster hoggers and their neverending towers of bread). There IS a microwave away from the fray though if you want to bring your leftovers and heat them up instead. I'm expecting the service normally isn't that bad since our rooms were kept clean  and in general the staff was polite. But they even admitted they weren't prepared for the amount of people booked during this time. Holiday season, hotel in Vegas, isn't this something that would normally be planned ahead for?
