4	This used to be an old standard when I worked in the area, but I still made it down once in a while after I left that job. Great wings and good pizzas too. They also sell the largest pizza I have ever seen. It's 30 inches! Bring your truck if you want to take it home.This place is so successful that they have changed their decor numerous times over the years (gets better and better).I can't really think of any reason why you would want to venture into Wilkinsburg, but if you are, this can be a place to eat.
4	Salvatore's Pizza House is by far the best pizza in Wilkinsburg.  I can't say they have the friendliest staff but the pizza is great.
4	It has taken me a very long time to come back here. After my last experience with this establishment I had to take some time away.I guess that time away did me some good. My most recent experience here has totally switched my opinion of this place. Maybe it had something to do with the fact I dined in instead of having delivery this time. Or maybe it was because I tried something other than a salad. Who knows the factor this time, all that matters is that I enjoyed it. Sitting inside is a bit odd, not sure if they were attempting to make it a symmetrical place and it just ended up lopsided inside instead, but the flow of the place is just weird. Technically three entrances into here. Two via the main entrance and one in what I assume is the game room. What else is weird is that you can call your order in ahead of time and come pick it up. But not just walk right in and pick it up, you have to sit and wait. I'm not sure, but I think they don't actually cook when you call, but when you show up. Anyway, those were my observations when I waited for my food to be done. After ordering you have to wait for your food like any other place, but what irked me with this place is you order your drink (mostly bottled drinks) and don't receive it until your food is ready. Really?  I paid for it, give it to me, I'm thirsty now too, not just when I'm hungry.  The 'servers,' and we will use that term loosely here, act as if they have it hard taking your order, folding pizza boxers and talking into a microphone a la an amusement park ride operator. Attitude, no thanks, I didn't order a side if that. Lighten up, you work in a pizza shop.Enough with that stuff, lets talk food. For as long as you wait, you know it's freshly made. Most subs, what I opted for, are toasted, and mine was perfect. For a half, it was huge, think Subway done right. Something I learned while dining in, you get a pickle in the side. Whereas you don't if you order delivery.  Two things about the dining area: 1.  The TV seems like the volume is set so someone with a hearing aid ten blocks away can hear it. 2.  Leave your trays on the table. I know, odd, especially where you go to the counter for ordering and delivery of food, but just leave the trash on the table (no garbage cans out on the floor).
4	There's something about hoagies from pizza places.  What makes 'em so good?  I've hit a lot of local pizza joints including Aiello's, Conicella, Italian Village, Mineo's, Monte   Cellos, etc. They all have uniformly great hoagies.  So when I stopped here after doing a site visit for work, I ordered the half-sized Italian sub--ham, salami & capicollo with provolone cheese.  This hoagie ranked up there with the best of 'em.  Even though it was only a half, I could barely finish it.  Good thing I didn't order any sides.
1	Was never a big fan of this place but my kids enjoy it. I called today to place an order and of course was placed on hold immediately then when someone came to the phone I ordered a special #5 which was on a menu I had. Well she starts to repeat my order back to me and that's not what the menu had. She goes oh I just counted down 5 specials well that doesn't match my menu. I then read to her what my menu says. She proceeds to tell me that my menu must be very, very, very, very old cause she's been there for 4 months. My whole issue is this was obvious when she began to take my order but instead of telling me that she makes up her own thing after she promised me she can get me the number 5 special. Well guess what they longer have it so how can you make that promise. I ask to speak to someone else. I'm assuming the owner comes to the phone with her rude self. The sad part is they only treat customers that way because of where they are located. But its not a problem because my mom ordered from them every Friday for my kids but we won't be back. Rude customer service is unnecessary.
4	Pizza is great if you catch them on a good day. It's hit or miss with this place. The staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable. One of my favorite places when the pizza is spot on.
3	Not bad.  Not much to choose from in Wilkinsburg, so I would have to call this the best in town.
