1	Wrong meds prescribed," Before" test results came back (on it for a week) and stomach wrecked from it!!!   AFTER I  called for test results myself, they said it was the wrong medicine, geeze that's disappointing, still ill and feeling worse now.  By the way waited ALL DAY  for a call back  this happened so many times! Good thing I thought to call. That's one thing, they make it a point to never call with test results for me or for my daughter so I guess this is the way they do business. They cancel appointments like it is nothing. That is so disrespectful and unprofessional. I wonder if Dr. Apigo ran her business this way the first week she was in practice? I think not. When Drs. get this busy they can't do the basic of things...time to get out or cut back on new patients, I'm guessing it's all about the money at this point, maybe it always was? Just released all my medical records to another office, my daughter is doing the same. I think she just caters to pregnancy nothing else, she is an OBGYN, last time I checked, that meant Gynecologist also.  My advise to you:   Find a better caring professional doctor!  My Advise to her:  Just think back on how you felt about starting your new practice, and what might have been important to you. Hopefully it was your patients.
5	Amazing amazing amazing!!!!! She is the best dr I have ever had! I suggest her to everyone I know havin a baby! She is sweet and understanding. She is calm and can keep you calm is a scary time! My sons heart rate dropped pretty low while going birth. She stayed calm and in doing so kept me calm (which in a scary situation is not easy to do!) if there were more stars I would give them all to her!! She made this pregnancy even better!I read one of the review below and I have to disagree she gave me the time that was needed for each apt! I absolutely adored her! Would never ever go to anyone else!!!
5	Dr apigo is the best. She is so sweet and helpful! I had a bit of a worrisome pregnancy and she held my hand the entire way. (Dd is fine!) she even made sure to be there for my delivery! The nurse said she said she wouldn't ha missed it! She's amazing!! Bed side manner is a ten! She gave me the time I needed an the tool i needed to get through the rough patches !
