5	Ahh.this is a great comfort food pick-up place. Every time it's cold and dreary or i'm sick and craving the foods my mother used to make, I know I can be in and out and back home in 15 minutes if I come here. I'm a chicken lover- this is one of my favorite places. I get secretly happy when I order the 3pc dark and they give me 2 thighs and a leg, instead of vice versa. As far as other meats go, I think the turkey is bland, but the meatloaf is tasty. The pot pie is good if you're extra hungry- it's huge!There are a wide variety of side dishes- recently they added side salads to the mix, and they've had fruit cups for awhile. You can get all sorts of hot sides, from the standard mashed potatoes and vegetables to creamed spinach, cinnamon apples, and creamy mac and cheese. You get a cornbread with each meal that you can either cover in butter or wad up into a ball and throw at somebody.  The wait times are small, even during peak dinner time when the line goes to the door. Service is always friendly, and they are quite generous with the portions. On two occasions i've had to wait an extra amount of time for my meal- without asking, I was offered a drink twice along with a dessert once. This is a good option for fast but satisfying food.
5	Best Boston Market I have been to. No question.Boston is normally a 2-4 star price-performance selection in my book. This one is a solid 4. I bump this one up to a 5 (which I normally never give a franchise) because of spectacular service.Score: I don't really score franchises by menu item. If it's a franchise - you probably like some items or you don't. Suffice it to say the half-chicken all dark and sides here are all solid 4 stars to me. Everything has been a 3+ here graded for Boston's expected quality.Details: What makes this place a 5-star to me?I rolled through here right after landing in town one day to grab some food for the Fam. Low and behold - they were out of everything I wanted. I arrived just between food-rotation shifts. Durn bad luck.The lady running the place mentioned they still had extra of a few items I normally never sample at a Boston (like Meatloaf, and some sides I don't get). Asked if I wanted to try them and I said "no", and plus, I couldn't wait. So what does she do?She hooked me up for FREE!. She had me try the meatloaf and something else....on the house. She even offered the sides on the house (I think they were changing them out anyway). I insisted on at least paying for the sides. I just can't justify taking food and not paying for some portion at a place I won't do regular business at. I hope this review doesn't get the manager in trouble.Suffice it to say everything was great. My local family members go there often, and I look forward to heading back again next time I'm in Chandler.Update: I have returned since I wrote this, and still found the service at this Boston's to be *excellent*
5	When I say I enjoy Boston Market people are like what... This is a one of a kind Boston Market the staff is always so friendly and will help you pick the best meal and joke around.  I always order the Quarter White Rotisserie Chicken with a side of Corn, Loaded Mashed Potatoes and Squash Casserole. The staff is so helpful they bring the food to what table you pick and are always around to fill your drink or get anything you need. The meal is always great and I can't get enough Squash Casserole so good...  I will be back soon for sure.
3	Never been to a Boston Market?  They basically have roasted chicken and a variety of sides.  You go up to the front counter and choose what to eat - it's all laid out there in front for you to see.Pay, sit down and eat.I like roasted chicken - here, it's not too bad.  A little better flavor than your hot roasted chicken that you'd find at your supermarket.The sides are pretty good, too.  Not great, it should hit the spot.I'll never forget how one pecular employee at one particular location welcomed me as I walked into the door - he hollered "Welcome to BM!"  I won't tell you what type of grin I had while eating my lunch.
5	Employees here are always super friendly, even though this restaurant seems to have the worst customers I've ever seen. No joke, I visit this location every few months and every single time I have had a rude customer in front of me or behind me. If they aren't plowing me down to race me into the door then they are complaining about something or demanding something special (FOR FREE) because they are entitled jerks. Employees are always smiling and polite and patient, I really don't know how they do it. Service aside, the food is always fresh and tasty. I'm constantly seeing the sides being swapped out, even during slow times in the middle of the afternoon. I like knowing the food isn't just sitting there under heat lamps getting crusty. The meals are a great value, and they reheat nicely. Sometimes you have to remind them to give you your cornbread, but after seeing what they have to deal with at this location I definitely let them slide on that.
5	Love this place! Food is always great and fresh and tastes home made. The servers are always nice and make sure you are taken care of. It's a nice balance of a sit down and fast food, because it's healthy, but also fast. And you don't get bothered every 10 seconds by a server. The servers at Boston Market just come by every 10 minutes or so to make sure everything's good and then clean up after you (if they're not super busy) I highly recommend this place. The loaded mashed potatoes and the sweet potatoes are delish, and as for the sandwiches I get the Mediterranean carver.
2	The food isnt hot. How can they prevent bacteria from growing. T he inside smelled terrible
5	WOW - must be the new management. The service was the best I've seen in 12+ years I've visited this place. The food has always been good, service - not so much. Keep up the good service and be back more often :)
4	Awesome place.  Great staff, very friendly. Service was top notch.  They do free "seconds" on the soup....awesome!   Food was good. Plenty of choices. Reasonable prices.  Can't go wrong.
