4	The first time I came here these guys were a mess. I'll chalk it up to being new but you could tell the other customers wern't having it. My order (#2) came out fine. I scarfed it down in store and people watched all the other angry and impatient people in the lobby. It was quite fun.I went back 3-4 days later and they were much improved!
4	Loved the hand made tortilla on my burrito, they crisped it very nicely and the salsa was good! I am now going to add this as a frequent place to order  food with nice tables inside and out, and great prices! I had the breakfast burrito and 2 beef tacos and bean and cheese burrito ( with lots of extras) and the bill did not even cap $13.00! Nice staff, and good service..I am happy to find this place and would reccomend it. They only have been open 2 weeks at this location,  and I hope to see them prosper here! Bienvenidos!
5	Wow.I love this place the best from the others...like FillyB's....Thank you for finally opening one close by me....
4	I got simple chicken tacos with guac... uh delcious.. pretty cheap also.. 3 tacos for 7 bucks or something? ehh i coulda been more full after but no biggie. Ill be back since they are right around the corner. yummm
4	Good food and the service is very friendly.  The only thing that keeps this from five stars is that I've been to Rito's, Carolina's and Elmers.
5	Good service and food, this location is nice too. Keep up the good work!
3	Great Carne, yummy chicken burritos. Great local place instead of Taco bell.. I miss Los Taquitos's carnitas in Ahwatukee, here it's too crispy.
5	Breakfast burrito with ham. Best in state!! Btw the hours listed are wrong. They are open after 12:00
2	Blech. Hubs and I did not care for this place at all. I would rate Filiberto's higher, and that's sayin a lot. We'll stick to Ramiro's, even though it's farther.
3	So so mexican food. The tacos were okay...i dont like the tortilla they used. The chilli relleno...was just okay. Sorry but not stellar. At least the people are friendly and the place is clean.
4	Four stars for breakfast burritos!
4	I have been here at least 6 times and not only has the food been good, but they have been consistent.  I always get a shredded beef taco, ground beef taco, and a chicken taco-all are pretty tasty.  Yeah, they can be a little greasy, but not any more so than some of the other places in the area.  Prices are incredibly reasonable.  I prefer this place over Filiberto's.
4	We live right behind the shopping center...the smells of this restaurant are amazing! We finally stopped in a few days ago and got it to go. Fast service. Good prices. Great food. We will be back!
5	A bean burrito can be the true measure of a Mexican restaurant. A simple concoction, yes - but an establishment that takes the time to make really great tasting beans and wrap them in a great tortilla - is my kind of place. Los Favoritos makes a stellar bean burrito, as well as an outstanding Carne Asada burrito. Others I've gone with have liked their food very much as well, but I haven't been able to get past those burritos. Great green and red salsa in squeeze bottles. Definitely a go-to place for fast (but good) food.
2	Not the best i've had.. The service is not good, the food is so so, and the pricing seems to be a bit high for the quality.
5	My 40+ yr old female body has been going wacko hormonal for Mexican food lately.  Breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Los Favoritos has a 5-star breakfast burrito and I can't stop eating them.  They are $3.95, about 8-inches long, and packed with eggs, meat, and potatoes.  There are several choices, of which I've tried the bacon and the sausage.  Two things really stand out to me.  First, the fillings are all mixed together evenly.  How often do you get a burrito and the eggs are all on one side?  See what I'm sayin?  Then, the bacon is crisp and the filling is not greasy.  How many times do you get a greasy, soggy burrito at other joints?  Way too many.  That is not what you'll find at Los Favoritos.  The staff is friendly and the breakfast burritos are perfection.  If you like things spicy they can juice it up with peppers and hot sauce for you.  I get a little of their red salsa, which is more like a puree, and add a little while I'm eating it.  Livens it up with just the right amount of heat for me.
4	This is my favorite Los Fav's location. The chorizo breakfast burritos are awesome. The lines aren't as crazy at this location as they are at the one on Chandler Blvd and Dobson. You can walk in here and place and order and be back in your car in about 10 minutes or less! Yum!!!
2	This place was really lousy and I'm frankly shocked at the high reviews it receives here on Yelp.  The only reason I tried it was the solid average rating it has.  That was a mistake.  As this was my first time eating here I decided to order numerous items and sample as many items as my stomach would allow for one meal.  I started with the rolled tacos and they weren't too bad.  Not overly crispy and a good amount of cheese and guac accompanied them.  Not great but not bad.  Next I tried the fish taco.  This was awful.  The sauce was slimy, the fish has no crispiness, and the tortilla was lousy.  Other than that, it was good.  I then moved on to the carnitas taco.  Again, the tortilla was lousy.  Think cheapest store bought corn tortilla you can find and nuke it for 10 seconds.  At this point my wife and I started the following conversation:Her: "I'd rather have Los Taquitos."Me: "Or Espo's."Her: "Or Filiberto's."Me: "Or even Rubio's...."This went on for about 3-4 minutes. Lastly we tried the Chili Verde burrito.  It was no better than anything prior.  The meat wasn't good and the sauce was funky.This is not good food.  I don't care how you slice it.   Maybe the breakfast burritos are good but I'll never know.  There are too many other good Mexican restaurants in town where I know I'll be enjoying my meal.
4	I checked this place out specifically for the breakfast burritos and I must say I was not disappointed.  I went with one sausage and one bacon and I AM FULL!  The price was right, the food was good, the service was quick and efficient.  I will definitely check this place out again when I am craving a quick Mexican breakfast.
4	The carnitas tacos were really tasty!  Open late for that craving you get on the way home.  Hits the spot.
5	Best chorizo burrito and menudo in town.  I Go There often.  Make sure the soda isn't flat though.  Could use a red chili item on menu.
4	My kids love this place.They're pretty consistent service and quality wise.I think for a semi-fast food joint they are above avg. in service, and overall dining experience.  We've tried most of the menu items and the burritos are a favorite. The place is clean and well kept, service is polite and pretty fast. The Gilbert Rd. location rarely has a long line or wait, except maybe weekday lunch hour.
1	I love Los, but I can't bring myself to come to this location anymore. Their soda machine has been broken/half working for well over a month now. It just sprays out syrup or comes out like a water fountain completely flat. When I tell them about the issue someone goes and "fixes it" only to find nothing has changed. How they charge me for a drink when their machine is clearly broken... I do not know.
5	This business has not closed.  A few months ago the name changed to Papa Chevo's, but everything else is exactly the same.  I tried to update it with Yelp HQ a month or so ago, and they said No mas.  Then I uploaded some pics so hopefully it will get corrected.  It is not closed as Kirk R. mentioned in his review update.  I got some tasty enchiladas there this afternoon.
3	We had the sausage breakfast burrito and chips and salsa. It was just ok. Not bad but not outstanding like some of the yelp reviews I read. Tortillas definitely didn't taste homemade to me neither did the chips. Pico de gallo was good and I liked the taco sauces they had to put on the burritos.
4	The food here is bomb just don't go around lunch time during weekdays, not only is it crowded but they rush and end up ruining your food. Also today the lady tried to charge me 15$ for 3 beef tacos and a side of rice which is usually 8.50$ or something. Really good at anytime but not from 11-3 on weekdays.
4	Love the location on Queen Creek Rd & Val Vista thanks for delish chicken tacos and awesome breakfast burritos!!!
4	Generally better food than you will get at a fast food Mexican placeThe carnitas burrito has lately been pretty greasy. I called the last time we had take out but it seems my complaints have fallen on deaf earsI'll either go somewhere else or just not order this anymore
3	I feel that the quality of food has gone down since the transition to Papa Chevo's.
2	Papa Chevo's was a quick stop from an outing night for me.  Though I was still coherent so no excuses on my part.Place was dead, but being the night was still young I'm sure this place can get overwhelmed.  I ordered the beef Sopes with rice and beans.  Overall, nothing to special in my Mexican food repertoire.  I thought it was pretty simplistic and what I would expect; Fried corn tortilla, topped with refried beans, lettuce, tomatoes, sour cream, and cheddar cheese.  In the end, I thought it was nothing out of the box, but something I can ingest if I was really hungry. - Enjoy!
3	Pretty much the same as when it was Los Favs.  The night I went in though they had been cleaning, and the whole place smelled like bleach.  Really not very appetizing.  The beef taco was just how I like it, and the bean burrito was good as well.  I was getting take out, so I'm glad I didn't have to stay and smell the crazy amount of bleach in the air!
1	This is the worst place ever! I ordered a chile relleno burrito, and what did I get? A rice and onion burrito! It was completely gross! Never coming back!!!!
