5	Stopped by this evening to attend a Tweetup at this joint.  My friend was hosting the Tweetup and I love Pizza, so why not?  I'm glad I made it!There was a special buffet of food setup just for the event.  Salad, Chicken Wings, Baked Ziti, and of course Pizza!  The Pizzas that were available were Pepperoni, Meat Lovers, Chicken & Artichoke, and Cheese.  I ate a slice of every Pizza, a little Salad, about a dozen Wings, and a small portion of Baked Ziti.  I wasn't planning on eating that much...I swear....but the food was sooo good and the owner, Biaggio, came out and insisted that we try everything!  How could I say no?The Pizza is NY style thin crust.....and damn it's awesome.  It folds just right and the proportion of Cheese and Sauce is perfect.  The Meat on the Meat Lover's Pizza is something else too....I don't know if I could ever be a Vegetarian.  I suggest eating the Pizza fresh as the slices can get greasy fast...especially with the Meat Lovers.The Wings were served plain with the Hot Sauce and Dipping Sauces on the side.  Biaggio told us that the Salad Dressing/Dipping Sauces are all made from scratch in the kitchen.  The Bleu Cheese dressing was awesome....didn't have any of the others.  The Wings are battered and were cooked just right....not too greasy, which is how I like them.The Salad was ok....I didn't have much of it though because I ate so much of everything else.  The Baked Ziti was great too.....the Cheese was gooey and full of flavor.After I was done eating, Biaggo brought out Fried Dough sprinkled with Sugar & Chocolate....I had to have a bite....yum!  Then he brought out a cake for his Son's Birthday....what, more food?!  I took a couple of slices home....I couldn't eat any more.Overall, the event was fun and the food was plentiful and awesome.I spied the menu and saw that they serve Breakfast too.....I don't know how I'm going to lose any weight with this place in existence!Will I return?  Are you kidding me?!  I want to try Breakfast and their Subs, and a bunch of other things on their menu....of course I'll be back!
5	I decided to stop by a pizza Tweetup after talking with someone who does Biaggio's marketing materials. Biaggio's daughter had been tweeting with me over a week or two. She was excited for me to stop by and try a few dishes. This was the perfect opportunity to do so!After chatting with Biaggio for a few minutes about his breakfast pizza, several types of pizzas were brought out along with chicken wings, a salad, a huge portion of baked ziti and some fried dough with cinnamon on top. The pizzas brought out were pepperoni, meat lovers, chicken & artichoke and a cheese pizza.Biaggio mentioned several times that the crust was made to be healthy sans sugar and salt. This is really different and I hope it catches on with pizza makers. The crust did taste good until the last piece.I tried the cheese, pepperoni, chicken & artichoke pizzas along with some salad, baked ziti, a set of chicken wings with homemade ranch dressing and finished it up with a few small pieces of fried dough covered in cinnamon.After the Tweetup attendees finished with the pizzas, Biaggio announced it was his son's birthday, who also works at the pizzeria. Biaggio brought out a huge strawberry cake and shared it with everyone. The birthday was a fun surprise that hasn't happened to me at a Tweetup before.Thanks to everyone at Biaggio's Pizzeria for hosting such a fun event and I even got to eat dinner with the owner and some other cool friends. Even though this pizzeria is many miles away from my home, I'll be back to enjoy pizzas again and again.
3	I stopped by to get a couple of slices and a drink... I'm happy I did! This is simply the best tasting pizza you will find anytime soon. The crust had a crispy almost crunchy texture, the sauce was homemade with no added sugar and the entire pizza was cooked perfect. We went again today and tried the meatballs and also the Philly. The bread on the Philly was fresh and toasted, the meat was not oily or dry and the whole sandwich was very good. The meatballs... Don't tell my wife, (she is Italian and loves to cook) but they were better than homemade. They were moist and you could actually taste the Parmesan and the garlic...delicious! UPDATE: 3/20/2011 We returned here because we were craving a great pizza and it appears there have been some changes at Biaggio's. Here's the skinny: 1. It appears they are acquiring their crust from a new source. Usually, the crust is rolled thin and cooks crispy and has a good flavor. This pizza had a crust that appeared to have been rolled, and waited too long rising to be made into a crust. It contained excess amounts of flower which made it taste burnt even though it was undercooked. I also ordered a calzone just to sample how it was prepared. It turned out to be simply another over flowered too thick pizza crust that was folded and pinched on the ends. Again, it tasted burnt and appeared burnt, even though it was under cooked as the cheese was not entirely melted inside. I am only downgrading my rating from a 5 to a 3 instead of a 2 because the staff is very friendly, and the dining area and bathroom was clean. I know Mr. Biaggio can do better. It was great the first time we were there.
5	Biaggio's is amazing!  The pizza, bread, and desserts are incredible.  It is really the only authentic NY Italian food in town.
5	Im in love
5	A Meatball Sandwich to rule all others!When I walked in to Biaggios to pick up my order last night, a family was sitting down, enjoying their pizza in the quaint dining area.  A man from the table greeted me, asked if I called in for an order, and stood up to introduce himself.  "Hey, thanks so much, let's have a look," he said as he walked up to the counter with me.  He shook my hand and introduced himself as Biaggio, the owner.  He called to the kitchen to have my order brought up.  He handed me his card and said to call his cell phone if anything wasn't perfect and he would make it so.  We looked at the pizza together to make sure it was up to his standards, which it was!  His daughter was behind the counter helping package up my order.  It felt warm and fuzzy to be surrounded by a true family-run restaurant.Cheese Pizza - The NY style, big thin slices of pizza were just like you'd find on the streets of Brooklyn; perfect for folding.  It was cooked masterfully, with just the right amount of crisp.  The crust was warm, inviting, and pleasant much like Biaggio and his family.  My girlfriend loved the pizza, and had no second thoughts.  My only complaint was that I detected a predominant fontina flavor in the cheese, and I'm not a lover of fontina.  It isn't a bad thing, just a personal preference.The Meatball Sandwich - AMAZING.  The meatballs were tender, flavorful, and rested perfectly on the fresh baked bread without making it soggy. The marinara sauce was rich and comforting, with the most subtle hint of sweetness.  A heaping blanket of melted mozzarella naps across the sandwhich, flirting with your eyes as you pick it up.  It really is the best meatball sandwich in town, no debate.Bottom Line:  Good Pizza, GREAT Meatball sandwich, and a warm family running the show makes Biaggios a MUST.
5	This place is fantastic!!!  Best pizza I've had in a long time and the meatballs are to die for=)
2	I love pizza!After reading all of the reviews, my husband and I decided to place an order for delivery today!We ordered a large pepperoni pizza, half with sausage & pepperoni.  It was delivered within 35 minutes to our house.  (-1 star: $3 delivery fee.)The crust was a perfect combo of chewy and sturdy and yummy.  The sauce isn't too acidic (my husband gets acid reflux like crazy) and it didn't affect him at all.We will order from here again, b/c they deliver good quality pizza.Now excuse me while I go inhale another piece of pizza...-UPDATE:So I just updated this because after eating the pizza, you feel ok.  Then about 30 minutes later you realize you just ate the greasiest pizza ever and and you want to hurl.  I'll pass next time if someone wants me to eat Biaggio's pizza.
5	Wow!!  Took the advice of other yelpers and tried Biaggio's. The pizza was AMAZING!  The crust was crispy, chewy and exactly what I've been missing since I left NY. Wife had the spaghetti which was also great. Biaggio was in the house and when he found out we were brand new he started bringing out the food. Breakfast pizza was delicious, meatball sub was the best I've had ever. Not just best in Vegas, best ever. Completely stuffed, the man then brought out a plate if cookies which were also amazing. Try the rainbow cookies. It's really a pleasure to dine at a place where not only is the food amazing, but the owner clearly takes tremendous pride in his food. This is my new Italian joint.
5	When my husband suggested eating pizza for dinner I was a little hesitant. I was pretty sure I've already hit my salt quota for today. While we were waiting for our half Supreme and half Hawaiian to come out we were chatting with Biaggio the owner. He explained that he puts no salt or sugar in the pizza. I was so glad to hear that because of my health issues I can't eat a lot of sugar or salt. I was surprised that the pizza tasted so good with the use of minimal ingredients. I could tell that the ingredients were of good quality for example the ham wasn't the thin sliced ham you would see at a Pizza Hut. The ham was cut in good sized cubes and it was sweet. We also sampled some home made bread that tasted fresh and fluffy. I dipped it in their yummy marinara sauce and had a meatball on the side. The meatball was good it had a light taste to it that didn't feel like a rock at the pit of your stomach. We ended the meal with warm Zeppoles with raspberry sauce. It was so good powdered sugar was getting all over me. I didn't care because they were worth it! The whole meal was excellent!
5	This pizza is fantastic.  A couple of weeks ago a co-worker brought in a couple pizzas for the team which was working into the night.  Great toppings, very tasty cheese, and most importantly an excellent crust with just the right amount of crispiness and chewiness.Can't wait to go there again and try more of the menu.
5	More people need to come here :) My nephew's birthday was today, and wanted pizza for his birthday. After reviewing pizza places on Yelp, me and my sister decided on this place.Right when we come in, the owner welcomes us warm and friendly. He talks to our whole group, and makes my nephew the birthday boy feel special. He gave him a donut and a candle, and made his whole crew sing Happy Birthday to him.The owner knows how to keep his customers happy, he brought out italian cookies, and offered us drinks. I've heard the meatball sub was fabulous, I have yet to try. Everything seems reasonably priced, and reasonably good.
5	Love, love, love Biaggio's Pizzeria! For my son's birthday, he wanted to eat pizza, so after reading reviews on Yelp, I decided to check Biaggo's Pizzeria. The owner greeted my family & I as we walked in. He was super duper friendly & the place was so clean. I felt so comfortable being there. The owner & staff was so nice, I couldn't believe the how great the service was.  As soon as my son told him it was his birthday, he gave him a donut w/ a candle & also a donut for my other younger son. He brought out his staff to sing the Happy Birthday song to him. As we were waiting for our food to go, he let us try some delicious Italian cookies. Everything was so freak'n good! The pizza's, the meatballs, the chicken wings, the bread & the cookies. I love this place! For my opinion, I think they have the best chicken wings ever. Loved everything I ate here. Even though it's my first time being here, I thought that the owner gave us the best & friendliest pizzeria experience.
5	"I'll feed ya like your momma did"- BiaggioThats EXACTLY what you get here.  I haven't had meatballs this good since my mom made them, or my Nana for that instance.Biaggio's food is fantastic...the pizza, the wings, the salad- OMG- the salad is phenomenal...as is the homemade dressing.Biaggio put out an incredible feast for the Yelp Community and- I nearly brought my husband back tonight so he could try it all.  Darn kids for getting in the way...maybe we'll go back Friday.You need to try this place- its conveniently located and the service from the Biaggio family is second to none.Try it...you'll want more.
5	So there used to be this great pizza place here, and I was really sad when they shut down... but not anymore.  From the incredible service from Biaggio, who really epitomizes what an owner should be like, to the great food... and the meatballs!  The meatballs were fantastic.  The pizza was also pretty incredible.  When he told me "New York thing crust pizza" I was thinking...  "Oh great... more flimsy, soggy pizza..." but not here!  The crust was thin, but still nice and firm with a great chewiness to it.  Unfortunately this is all I had, as I was about stuffed to the brim!  If you try one new pizza place this year, you need to try Biaggio's.  I'd recommend it for the service alone.  I'd recommend it for the food alone.  The fact that it excels in both and the prices are reasonable just seals the deal.  I'll be coming back to try BREAKFAST PIZZA!  That will be a first!
5	I honestly can't write long passages about good pizzas. There really isn't any bad pizza out there that I can't eat because  I can eat pizza hot, cold, soggy, crispy, salty, sweet, any way you name it. In short, come here because Mr. Biaggio runs this join with his entire family and they deliver on their word. They will make things "5 Stars" for you and isn't that worth it in the end? My wife ordered to-go here and the salad was excellent but they forgot to bring the diet coke. The delivery man said "OMG I'm so sorry, I forgot let me go get it for you." We insisted no, but he left anyways. An unsual 15 minutes later he shows up with a refreshing cold can of coke. He went to buy it at the next door restaurant. Now THAT'S FIRST CLASS SERVICE.
5	This is by far the best Pizzeria I've ever been to. As soon as I walked in, Mr. Biaggio welcomed me with a big smile. He treated me like a regular even though it was my first time in there. I'd give it 5 stars just for the excellent customer service (seriously, I don't think you can find any better customer service than at this place)! I arrived a bit early (for pickup) and before I could even sit down, Mr. Biaggio came over and gave me a bottle of water. Even before I left with the pizza, Mr. Biaggio came running over and said, "Let me check to see if it's perfect." Can you name another pizza place that does that? Now on to the food. It's seriously the closest thing to New York style pizza you can find here in Vegas. The crust is perfect..not too thin..not too thick. I ordered the pepperoni pizza, and boy, do they pile the pepperoni on! I also had the buffalo wings and just like Mr. Biaggio said himself, "They are to die for!". They were perfectly cooked with the perfect amount of crunch to them. And the buffalo sauce was delicious! I also tried the garlic knots and yum...they had a bit of a crunch to them but were soft enough to melt in your mouth. My brother, who is a very picky eater, said that if he could rate it from 1-10, he would rate it a 12. I'll definitely be back! And I'll be sure to tell everyone I know about this wonderful place (in fact, I already started that, hahah). Mr. Biaggio, if you're reading this, thank you for everything tonight! Thank you for making me feel welcomed and treating me like an old friend. I can tell that you really truly care about the quality of your food and the customers. I can assure you this won't be the last time you see me! :D
5	Yummy, yummy, yummy!  I got takeout from Biaggio's today - chicken wings, meatball calzone, and antipasto salad.  It was all terrific!  The calzones have both ricotta and mozzarella inside, which I love!  It's huge and comes with a great side of marinara sauce.  The crust is awesome as well as the meatballs inside. The chicken wings stayed crispy and hot all the way home and came with both hot sauce and ranch dressing.  And the antipasto salad comes with a generous amount of cheese, salami, chickpeas, olives, tomatoes, red peppers and pepperoncinis.  I highly recommend the homemade creamy Italian dressing.  Yum!The only bummer is that they close at 9pm on weekdays and 10pm on weekends.  Closed Sundays.  Late night eaters will be missing out.  Unless you can make it until 7am when they open again.They will deliver anywhere ($3 charge - which is consistent with other pizza places around) and next time I will likely get delivery and re-review.Biaggio is super nice and friendly!  He says if you aren't happy, he'll make it right. But don't take advantage of him people!  We need him to stay!
5	Alright, Biaggio, here's your 5-star review. You said if my experience wasn't five stars, you'd make it five stars, but don't worry--the fact that every person in my family, all of which are particular about everything, especially food, can agree that you have the best pizza in Vegas has earned you all five stars.I'm a pizza person. As soon as I took my first bite of real New York pizza in Times Square, I was hooked forever and ever and I will eat pizza any day, any time, any occasion, any place. So, you can imagine my withdrawals as I slowly realized that all of the pizza menus were disappearing from the menu stash in my family's pantry--too high of a delivery fee, too greasy, too much broccoli, hard crust--and being replaced with frozen pizzas. FROZEN PIZZA? That's the last resort, not the first! Something had to change.I had just gotten back from Pittsburgh and it was my birthday. Traditionally, we go out to eat for birthdays, but it was rainy and I was sad that my team lost to the stupid Rangers and I just wanted to stay home and eat pizza and birthday cake. We drove up to Biaggio's based on Yelp reviews and the availability of garlic knots. As soon as Mom and I stepped in the door, we were greeted by Biaggio. "Are you dining with us?" No, we just want to go home and eat pizza and watch rain fall on our rock backyard. We then had a long chat about which pizzas to get and ended up ordering off the menu--very VIP--and got a "north end" pizza, which is like margherita, but better. It has basil. While Mom and I waited, Biaggio stopped and asked if either us were vegetarians. He brought out a meatball drenched in sauce and a few slices of freshly baked bread, ready for dipping in his signature salt-less, sugar-less and super flavorful tomato sauce. IT IS DELICIOUS. May I have some more, please, sir?The most impressive part was Biaggio's service guarantee; he really wanted that five-star Yelp review, and he was willing to do whatever he needed to to get it. Okay, we'll see. Where do you deliver? "Anywhere in the valley." ...ANYWHERE!?The pizza's excellent. The garlic knots are great (I still prefer Metro Pizza's garlic-drenched rolls, but these are perfect for anyone who prefers not to smell like garlic all day.) The service is superior. I don't know how to end this review, so I'm going to go get some more leftover pizza out of the fridge instead.
5	Saturday night and the family wanted pizza. We headed over to Biaggio's to see what all the hype was about and it didn't disappoint. We walked in, were greeted by Biaggio (the owner) and his staff and grabbed a seat. We ordered a medium supreme pizza and a slice of cheese pizza for my two year old. While waiting they brought out a complimentary meatball and some bread. The meatball was amazing -- made in-house with a mixture of pork, veal, and some other stuff I don't remember.The wait for the pizza took a little while and when Biaggio checked on our order he found out that they made a meat lovers pizza by mistake. He came out and apologized and said that he would bring it out so we could munch on it while our correct order was being made. The meat lovers pizza was delicious, filled with house made sausage and bacon. Our supreme came out a short time after and that pizza was equally amazing. One of the best pizza crusts I've ever had. Despite all the cheese and sauce the crust remained crispy. That's something other pizzerias fail at.They boxed up the pizza we couldn't finish and on our way out they thanked us for coming and said if it wasn't a five-star experience he'd make it one next time. While I don't normally like it when businesses solicit stellar reviews from customers, the food and service was so good that I can't give them anything less than top marks. Now that Ciao Ciao is closed this will no doubt be our go-to pizza joint.
5	I went into Biaggio's last week and was beyond pleased with my experience.    I used Yelp to find a place near where i was; and found Biaggio's got stellar reviews. I entered the establishment and was immediately greeted by Biaggio.  He was extremely friendly and couldn't wait to give me some Biaggio history, as well as some recommendations.  I eventually settled on a Philly (which he made himself); and it turned out to be one of the best philly cheesesteaks i've ever had!  As I waited, Biaggio insisted I try to pizza so he gave me a slice of a very well done meatball pizza.  The staff was pleasant and i HIGHLY recommend everybody eats here.  He will deliver anywhere in the valley; and i look forward to my next visit!
3	I'll admit that I'm a bit hard on pizzerias. This town is severely lacking and when one stands up above average I will acknowledge it. This place is above the average Las Vegas pizzeria. The pie had a good flavor, the sauce is definitely better than most. The crust is very good as well. I've now ordered three times from this location. It has a lot of potential. There are things I really liked and things I'm not crazy about.First and most obvious problem is that they are closed on Sunday. Are you f*&cking kidding me?? It's a pizzeria, closed on a Sunday. That's blasphemy. Football, pizza, wings, and beer. That's the way it is meant to be. Ok so with that initial disappointment aside let's move on.If you want legit reviews, ignore the 5 star ones. They are bought and paid for because the owner will do whatever to get 5 star reviews. I'm not saying he actually gives money for em, but he will give away food and gift cards like it's water if he knows you're a Yelper. That doesn't really sit well with me. I thought I was alone till I read the other real reviews here. The pizza was good one out of the thee times I ordered (only after my bad review), and definitely in no way is a 5 star product. Don't be whores Yelpers!! The first time I ordered everything was pretty good. The pie was a little undercooked for my taste but everything was ok. The second time was just awful. My pizza was very undercooked and the cheese was running everywhere, the calzone was also undercooked as in nearly raw.So the third time I ordered everything was near perfect. I ordered a Sicilian and Garlic Knots. The Garlic Knots were similar to New York. It brought me back home the whole time I was devouring them. The Sicilian was definitely one of the best I've had in town. It was tasty and thick (refrain from the That's what she said for a moment.) It was also soft and had the perfect chewiness to it. It's a rectangle cut into 8 squares. In New York you usually get a square pizza that takes up an entire 16" box but here it is common to find them in this 8 slice rectangle. Which is fine, but I absolutely love the giant square style because you get those awesome center pieces which has no crust and is just cheesy goodness on every side. Just be prepared that you will probably have a longer wait if you order a Sicilian. The first time I tried to order I was told the wait was at least two hours (WTF?) and I was starving, so I ordered a regular pie. The next time I prepared myself and ordered early, it was delivered in an hour and a half which was very bearable considering I was expecting two hours.Now they are pricey, but if the food is as good as the last time I ordered it, then it isn't too bad. After a few bumps along the way I could see this place having potential. They just need to work on their consistency. It's holding me back from being a regular here.
5	The pizza here was so good. I had the BBQ Chicken, and it was amazing how there was no visible BBQ sauce but yet you could taste it. Whatever they are doing with their pizza, they are doing it right. The pizza dough is crispy, and fuses really well with the cheese and the ingredients. We were celebrating our friend's birthday, and the owner gave my friend a treat. Very very warm service from the staff. Reasonable price. I will definitely pay a visit here when I visit Vegas again.
5	First time here won't b my last . Thanks to the yelp community , I found this place .     The best part is it's in my hood. I don't think I would have tried it on my own.      We had a large pizza with meatballs, mushrooms and ricotta cheese . All the ingredients tasted fresh, the crust was very good , thin crisp and had a nice chew.  We also had the chix wings , I don't usually order chix wings at a pizza place , but all the positve reviews on these wings i had to try them . The wings are very good and don't need no sauce .      I also ordered the italian sub , all I can say is wow lots of meat( salami , capicola.)  The owner is very friendly and proud of his food as he should be.
5	Always looking for decent NY-style pizza in Las Vegas, Biaggio's is the closest to the real thing as I've had in nearly 8 years here. Gorgeous thin, foldable crust accompanied our delicious pepperoni pizza. Will return for sure!Biaggio was warm and friendly, wishing me a happy new year and assured me if I didn't like it, he would make it right. No need, it was perfect pizza for us Biaggio, thank you!
5	We have been by this place a dozen times and always think about going, but today it was our goal. We had read the reviews, most of which influenced our decide to try it. And boy, it was worth it! My husband pre ordered as he sometimes does with pizza and when we arrived, everything was ready to go. We started with some wings, crispy, very meaty and tasted great with or without sauce. They came with ranch and a Tabasco hot sauce, I mixed together for that added zing. Next we shared an Italian sub. This was a beautiful sandwich, loaded with meat and cheese, the bread was so good, it help make the sandwich special. I couldn't count the number of layers of cappicola, salami and provolone that it had. The lettuce and tomato, onion, and pepperoncini added that extra flavor as well. Finally, we made up our favorite combination of pizza, meatball, mushrooms and ricotta cheese. The crust was slightly sweet with a light crunchiness to it, the meatballs sliced thin and was plentiful. Overall, a really good pizza. The atmosphere was very casual and light, the owner was very happy to see us, welcoming us and ensuring our return, obviously he was very proud of his place and food, and it reflected. We know this will be on our list for some time to come!
5	Had a Philly Cheesesteak sandwich and a few slices of pepperoni from this place.  Philly Cheesesteak was the best I've ever had.  I'm not kidding.  Even better than the one from Philly.  They caramelize the onions and mushrooms perfectly.  The meat was flavorful and still juicy (hard to do when it's chopped so fine).  The cheese was great and had a nice tang.   Bread could have been crispier on the outside but that's a personal preference.  Have to say...I'm craving one right now.Pepperoni slices were nice too.  This place cooks until the cheese is just melted.  I can see how other people have had underdone pizzas since they don't blast their pies, but mine was perfect.  The crust was a little crispy and chewy.  I'd say the crust at Metro Pizza is still way better.  But that's an almost perfect crust unless you compare that to the really high end pizza places like Mozza in LA.  The pepperoni tasted just like a nice pepperoni you'd get at the store.  Weirdly, the best pepperoni IMO is at Round Table.  Very disappointed they are not open on Sunday.  Either they're religious or they really like their football.  I can't believe the amount of business they're turning away on a Sunday.  But everyone needs a vacation I guess.Highly recommended.  Just don't go on a Sunday!  Their delivery is fast and reliable.
5	Biaggio joins Bo from Yi Mei Champion Deli on the list of the absolute nicest owners you could ever meet. People like Biaggio are the precise reason why we need to support our local businesses. Great food. Personal service. Owners who aren't happy until you're happy.It was New Year's Day and my friend and I were looking for a place to watch the Rose Bowl. I called Biaggio's to make sure they'd be open and he said they'd switch the channel to whatever we wanted to watch.When we got there, Biaggio somehow recognized me from Yelp. He knew I was the one who ended up backing out of the CMYE. Wow! For someone who claims to not be all that internet-savvy, he sure does keep a finger on the pulse of social media.Long story short, my friend ordered an Italian Stromboli and I had a Pastrami Stromboli. We didn't realize how huge they would be, so we added some Garlic Knots for good measure. The Garlic Knots were extremely moist and doughy on the inside. And they're huge! But nowhere near as huge as the Strombolis. Even with a 3-hour game, there was no way we'd be able to eat all that food. Oh and yes, the Strombolis were all they were hyped up to be. I personally like the Pastrami over the Italian and my friend concurs. So delicious.With our Strombolis only half eaten, the food coma was setting in and we decided to leave at half time. Biaggio stops us and says we have some Fried Dough on the way. Um. OK. How can you turn down free food from such a generous man? Of course, the Fried Dough was awesome. It's basically pizza dough topped with butter, cinnamon, and powdered sugar. It smelled really sweet, but it was surprisingly mellow. We had a few pieces and added the rest to our to-go boxes.It goes without saying that I'll be coming back. I need to try the Chicken Wings that everyone is raving about. Also, when I mentioned that my boss loves pastrami, he offered to send us a Pastrami Stromboli when I return to work on Monday. Now that is the epitome of generosity! (I'll be sure to supplement that with my own order of Chicken Wings).5 stars
5	Though not on the menu, the Pastrami Stromboli served with mustard and pickles was fantastic. The quality of the meat was high and the dough was perfect. I plan to visit again and again until I work through the entire menu.
2	I hate to go against the grain, but as a true pizza connoisseur, it would be wrong to hold back on this one. For reference I've traveled to NYC many, many times, I lived in Chicago for awhile, I've spent a month in Italy and pizza is my favorite food on earth. If I know anything, it's pizza!! I have never been as disappointed in a slice as I was here. I do laugh when I read Vegas yelper complaints about brick oven places having "burnt" pizza. In NYC, many order their pizza extra well done and relish in the beautiful black bubbles that a true NYC pizzeria coal fired oven delivers. The crust here was the most bland tasteless cardboard crust I've ever had. I like crust with flavor and this crust had none. It wasn't chewy, it wasn't crispy, it was just blah. I thought Metro had the greasiest cheese in town until I tried Biaggio's. I've attached a picture of the disgusting pool of orange that oozed out of every bite. I know some are way into the whole grease thing, but I am not. If you're the type that wants neon orange grease dripping down your arms, this is your place. In fairness, I did order the lunch special (2 slices and drink for around 5 or 6 bucks), so perhaps the pizza just doesn't reheat well and I should have ordered a fresh pie? Definitely hands down the most tasteless greasy pizza I've ever had (yup, I'm including Sbarro and Little Caesar's in that!). This pizza may be appealing to some, but this isn't anything like the pizza served in NY.
5	Well well well....found Biaggio's over the holidays while walking in the cold cold weather in Vegas.. At first I was very skeptical since the pizzeria is off the main road.  Once entering I discovered it was small and had to really read the menu before deciding to order, while spending a good 5-10 minutes deciding I noticed a man standing in the corner waiting and waiting until he was approached by a man who just simply asked "can i help you" the man explained that he ordered a sandwich about 15 mins ago and it still wasn't out.  The  man said oh really went behind the counter and got onto his staff the man's name was the owner "Biaggio" he then returned to the man and stated that his order would be right out, when his order came out Biaggio went to the cash register and returned his money and gave him the order for free....Talk about service WOW!! I then decided to order a pastrami and cheese pizza...All I can say when the order came out was .....IT''S GOOD..Biaggio then came and sat with us while we eat and explained the foundation of this PIZZERA, which was great and even took time out of his busy routine to take a few photos with the folks from Arizona.  I can honestly say that when I return to vegas I'm gonna try the meatballs had a sample and ooooohhhhhh my God they are good..To all the people in Vegas you have a hidden gem that is worth every penny you better get over to Biaggio's Pizzeria and try it you wont be disappointed.
3	My pre-low carb weekend binge included a quick stop at Biaggio's.Picked up a slice and a meatball sub and a cannoli for the gf.total cost $12  - not sure what the individual costs were.  Did notice they had a $6 2 slice and a drink special  so i assume a slice is around $3.The slice had a nice exterior crunch, yet still a lil softness to the interior.  The cheese was lacking flavor as was the sauce, the sausage - decent.  Overall, an average slice.  The meatball sub - i liked the meatballs but the sauce was a little too strong on the oregano.  Had one bite of the cannoli - it worked for me.  since the gf wolfed the rest in 3 bites, she liked it.I took my food to go, the place was full.  Found it odd they had a large donut selection in the display case ...why ? i'll definitely try again ...in about 2-3 months
5	When I go out to eat, I'm not just looking for good food, I'm looking for an amazing experience.  Biaggio at Biaggio's Pizzeria has set out to ensure that all of his customers get just that.  We are getting married in Vegas this February and I contacted Biaggio after reading all of the awesome Yelp reviews.  Biaggio's enthusiasm was so infectious on the call that I couldn't help but decide to have the reception with this pizzeria without even consulting my other half.  Biaggio kept using these seductive words like "stromboli", "lasagna", and "cannoli" to name a few.  We decided to have a second phone discussion after I actually told my fiance about the reception so that we could finalize the menu.  Unfortunately....I forgot to call!No worries, I called the restaurant and the next morning when he got the message, Biaggio called me right away.  Then he gave me his cell phone number so that I would never miss him again.  It turns out he is only ever out of the pizzeria on Tuesday nights from 6:30pm on, so I could probably catch him there...nonetheless, he wanted me to be able to get hold of him at all times.  That's what I call commitment to customers!  After this discussion, we finalized our menu.  We are starting with three kinds of stromboli --pastrami, chicken & artichoke, and meatball & garlic as well as a salad that will include roasted tomatoes, artichokes, olives, and three kinds of cheese (amongst other tasties).  The main course will include lasagna, garlic knots, and sausage & peppers.  I'm not sure we will still have space for dessert, but just in case, we ordered cannoli, donuts, and he is throwing in 4 lbs of cookies that his friend who makes the cannoli's makes for free.  On top of the menu, there will be two people to assist with all prep and mealtime issues; the chef will be on hand, and Biaggio himself will be there to help.  He's even shutting the restaurant down from 6pm to 9pm on a Sunday for us.  Talk about service!!!Biaggio has requested that when we get down to Vegas we stop by to try all of the items that he will be serving, to ensure they are just what we want.  If they aren't, he assures me he will switch them out with something we do like.  This man and this pizzeria have impressed me beyond measure--and I haven't even tried the food yet!  Anyone with this level of commitment to his business and who speaks of his food in such glowing terms is someone I want to do business with.  After the reception I will do an additional review on the food.  If it's even half as impressive as Biaggio himself, I'm 100% sure it will be a 5 star review.
5	Ate here 2 days ago with a buddy of mine. We had a pizza with sausage and ham, a meatball sub, and the fried dough for dessert.The service was great, the young lady and young man were very attentive; they checked up on us several times. We met Biaggio as well, he was very friendly and checked up on us also to make sure everything was cooked properly. Service was A+.As for the pizza...crust had nice texture. It was crisp enough on the bottom to hold up to the toppings but still soft enough in the middle to fold and provide a nice chew. You won't get the smoky slightly charred crust from a coal fired brick oven which I personally love (since some yelpers have wondered about the oven), but you will get a nice thin crust pizza with a good bite to it. A previous yelper had said the cheese was too greasy, but it was fine in my opinion. Perhaps it did make a difference that he didn't have a whole fresh pie. I liked the sausage quite a bit, the ham was good but nothing special as far as I could tell. I found the sauce to have a nice flavor to it, it was fairly zesty and not too sweet like some other pizzerias. This is just MY personal preference, but I like my sauce to be slightly thicker or more paste-like than the sauce on the pizza here. However, if I had to choose only one between taste or thickness I'd still choose taste. Overall, definitely one of the best pizza options in Summerlin. Plus they deliver! *On a side note, I noticed one of the yelpers on here was talking about not being able to get delivery on football Sundays. Funny, cuz I talked to Biaggio about that when I was there. I also order pizza almost every Sunday during football season. Biaggio said he would be able to parbake the pizza and deliver it on Saturday. Since the parbaked pizza would only be half cooked, you would be able to finish the baking process on Sunday and have a fresh baked pie right out of the oven. Seems like a fair solution to the store not being open on Sundays.Ah, the meatball sub. I have to say it's probably the best meatball sub I've had since I moved here several years ago. They get their rolls from a local bakery here in town and they make their own meatballs. Using a nice blend of beef, pork, and veal along with a healthy dose of garlic equals winning recipe for meatballs in my book!When it was time for dessert I asked about the zeppole and Biaggio explained it to me. Unfortunately he was out of the raspberry dipping sauce which he said just elevates the dessert to another level. So he recommended we try that next time when he has the sauce. Instead, he offered the fried dough which was served warm with a quick basting of butter and dusting off cinnamon sugar and powdered sugar. This was a really nice dessert, the dough wasn't too heavy and it was slightly salty and slightly sweet. We enjoyed it very much. To top it off, Biaggio gave us the dessert for free since we weren't able to have the zeppole with raspberry sauce. How nice is that?I was told the star item of the restaurant is the pastrami stromboli. I LOVE pastrami, so I'll definitely be going back and trying that!
5	came to this cute place during new years. i definitely loved it, the owner was there to greet us and talk to us, the heat wasn't on but that didn't ruin my time there, the pizza was the best, it didn't have a ton of cheese and enough sauce which is my favorite!! and my fav was the salad, the antipasto i the artichoke (mmmmmmm :D) and the chicken wings , it was amazing and the garlic knots were hot and delicious...everything was good we couldn't finish it...but it was delicious.
5	We went there on Dec 27th and was greated by Biaggio.  He was very friendly and welcomed us into his restaurant.   We told him that we just drove in from Los Angeles and was looking forward the pizza.  We had the Meat Calzone and the pizza with garlic and chicken.  The dough was very nice and all the ingredients were top notch!  My son even told us that he prefered the baked macaroni here then the one at home!  The service was great and we had an incredible meal in a warm atmosphere!  We'll make sure to visit everytime we go to vegas!
5	Had an amazing time here, it's a small place but it gives you the feeling that the owner invited you over to eat at his house. From what i've had I'm so excited about it. I'm not usually one for pizza but i'll definitely keep going back to try everything they have.
5	I brought my family back to Biaggio's last night for another taste- since I was craving the meatballs.As expected, we were served tons of fantastic food and the ultimate compliment of the night was that my skinny, picky eater daughter are 3 garlic knots, a slice of pizza, 2 meatballs and a cannoli.  My nephew was a little less than well behaved and still rewarded with a cookie at the finish of his meal :)  The really do treat you and feed you like family.Go there (and get some extra marinara to put it on absolutely anything!)1q
4	I'm not a pizza connoisseur. In New York, I choose to have cupcakes. In Rome, I choose to have gnocchi. You get the idea. My idea of a good pizza is Papa John's with lots of the garlic butter. I just like pizza that tastes good. I honestly don't care or know how authentic any pizza is. On a certain weekday, I had a craving for cheese and marinara and decided to get a pizza. I came to Biaggio's with a friend and we each ordered 2 slices of pizza. These slices are huge. One slice was actually more than enough for me. I ordered the cheese and Biaggio suggested I get the artichoke and roasted tomato slice. I'm not a fan of artichokes so I wasn't exactly excited but decided to take him up on that suggestion ($6.64 for 2 slices and the largest soft drink I've held in my hand).The cheese pizza was fine but the other slice with the artichokes and tomatoes was out of this world. It had little pieces of roasted garlic on it that just brought the pizza to the next level. My friend had the combination pizza and said it was good. She was eyeballing their breakfast pizzas (eggs instead of marinara) and Biaggio was nice enough to give her a slice on the house. Biaggio is a nice guy that seemed genuinely interested in all his customers (the place was pretty much full during lunch). He is very passionate about his food and business as all the reviews suggest. Do also note  that the place is rather small with a handful of booths so if you're rolling in with a posse you might want to call ahead.I would like to try some of the other items on the menu (calzones, salads) and this will be my go-to pizza joint when I need a slice. Oh, I'll still be loyal to Papa John's and their garlic butter when I need a whole pie!
5	Remember that old mom-and-pops place you used to go to as a kid where the cheese was gooey and stretched as you pulled it away from your mouth like in teenage mutant ninja turtles? Then you grew up and had to settle for (dominoe's, pizza hut, cici's, etc) corporate cardboard with cheese that was like sunburnt skin on top of a red rock layer of dried tomato glue?Well suffer no more my friends, I have rediscovered that childhood pizza we all crave for and it's at Biaggio's!Seriously though, this pizza is just amazing. Good, old fashioned traditional hand made pizza with thick but crispy crust; stretchy, chewy, and delicious cheese; and marinara with fresh tomato taste. I was informed that there was no salt or sugar added to the cheese or sauce and the only salt that was used was in the dough, so the pizza is very natural and healthy compared to others. It was my first time, but I have a feeling that Biaggio will get many more visits from me. I still have yet to try all of the other tasty options on the menu!
5	Biaggio's should be the model of what a restaurant should be: high quality food and amazing customer service.  The pizza and everything else is simply amazing.My friends and I went to Biaggio's because I was amazed at how good their ratings were.  When we arrived we were the only ones there so the owner came out from the kitchen to talk with us. The owner, Biaggio, just emanates with pride in knowing that he uses the freshest and finest ingredients whenever possible.My friends and I order two vegetarian pizzas, one with mushrooms spinach and ricotta and another with eggplant and garlic, garlic knots, and french fries.  The garlic knots arrived first and they were amazingly moist and garlicky.  When the pizza arrived we were in for a real treat.  The first pizza we received was the mushroom spinach and ricotta.  The first bite was simply delicious.  In my previous experience both mushrooms and spinach have the tendency to make the crust of any pizza turn into a watery mess within a matter of minutes; but Biaggio's crust is quite nearly perfect.  The crust had the right balance of crunch and chewy, yet it held up to all the toppings without going limp, unlike the certain times when I eat at Grimaldi's.  The next pizza arrived, the eggplant is battered and fried before its topped on the pizza, which was a very nice surprise.   Both the quality of the ingredients and the friendliness of Biaggio will have me going back there many times.
5	Pizza for breakfast?  You betcha!  To be honest, the thought of "breakfast pizza" was pretty whacked out when I first heard it, but it worked!  In fact, it was really good!  I brought some in to my work and the reception was incredible!  Noone wanted to try it at first. but as soon as one person had some, everyone wanted it and they all loved it!  I even found out that breakfast pizza isn't as weird as I thought it was.  Several of my staff from the midwest indicated that they'd been looking for it!So... how does it work?  It's not made with pizza sauce or cheese!  Well... there might be cheese, but I'm actually not too sure!  Instead of cheese, it was actually a pizza crust with a thin layer of EGG!  Then the breakfast toppings such as bacon or sausage came into play.  When you first order it, the crust is nice and crisp, just what I expect from Biaggio's.  The texture is great, the flavors are fantastic, and it's a pleasant change of pace.
5	This place has really amazing pizza and wings. The service can't be beat either. Mr. Biaggio works very hard to make sure that you have the best experience when you eat there. Love the homemade blue cheese and ranch too!
5	All the 5 star reviews are dead-on accurate. This place is great, the owner is always there, customer service is off the charts and most importantly the pizza and calzones are always cooked to perfection.  Really great dough and high quality ingredients easily make this the best pizza joint in town.Jason
5	So I've been seeing plenty of check-ins and reviews from my fellow Yelpers (via Yelp App :) of this restaurant that I did not realize was just minutes away from my house. So one night we wanted to try something new and from the sounds of the reviews, this place was a "Must Try" and I have got to say, Yelpers could have never been so damn right! Our Order: 1 SALAD, Dressings; Blue Cheese, Ranch, Italian. So I am not much of a Blue cheese fan but 1 SUPREME PIZZA. Ok so I'm a NY Style Pizza kinda gal as my husband is a Deep Dish kinda guy, hails from Chicago, but you would have never known that the night we came in! The sauce, as Biaggio says "Is to die for!" and it seriously is! 1 EGGPLANT PARMESAN 1 CANOLI. Never in Vegas have I found a place that does the Canoli RIGHT, til December 11, 2010. Creamy, yummy, make your eyes roll to the back your head--goodness! I have been in Vegas close to 6 years now and I have not been able to find a quality pizza joint that I can speak so highly about. You can feel the love that Biaggio puts into his restaurant and food. You can taste the freshness, quality but above all, they really do know how to take care of you. You don't feel like a customer, ya start to feel that homely, family feeling that you rarely see these days. Will we be back? DUH.
5	Took my Son here for lunch last week.  It was his first experience at Biaggio's Pizza.  We ordered a Large Meatlover's Pizza (see pics).  We patiently waited for it to be prepared and sat in the dining area and chatted with Biaggio for a few minutes.  He's a really nice guy who enjoys his business.Our Pizza came out after a short wait and we devoured it within minutes.  It is as good as I remembered!  My Son couldn't stop talking about it.  I wish we lived nearby so we could come more often.Overall, it's one of the best Pizza joints in town.  Return Factor - 99%
5	After looking all over for a cheese steak (pregnant craving) we decided on Biaggio's.  Not at all sorry we did.First, is the customer service, fanfreakingtastic! We were immediately greeted by Biaggio and he was so nice.  Our waitress, his daughter, was equally fantastic.  She was quick and friendly. While waiting for our order, Biaggio chatted us up about his pizza.  We didn't order pizza but he insisted we try it so he gave us a couple slices.  OMG it was good.  I've been so disappointed with pizza lately that I've pretty much given it up.  My pizza strike is now over.First we had the garlic knots, so good.Then Biaggio brings out a few wings for the hubby to try, he enjoyed them very much.  The ranch and the blue cheese dressings are both homemade. Very tasty.I ordered the cheese steak, it was delicious.  Cheesy and full of onions and the meat was tender and flavorful. Hubby had the baked ziti and loved it. Biaggio brought him out a meat ball that was also delicious.Our three year old, who is extremely picky said it was the best place ever.For dessert, we had zeppole. wow, I'd never had it before but it was doughy, sugary little bites of heaven and the raspberry dipping sauce was amazing.The value for the price is great. The portions are huge and the service is great. We will certainly be back soon and often
5	Awesome pizza and wings!  And to top it off, Biaggio is the nicest guy you'll ever meet.
5	I had the pepperoni pizza, which was great.  The others that were with me went with the Meatball sub, which was their third time that week having the same lunch!  Biaggio is a great guy who is serving up a lot of high quality food.
5	This is a genuine 5 stars.  Biaggio said at the begging of the meal that he wouldn't let us leave until the food was 5 stars.  We had a anti pasto, pizza, a stromboli, and the GARLIC KNOTS as well as a few other things that were courtesy of Biaggio.  My buddy is usually really skeptical about the reviews on Yelp, especially the garlic knots.  He at his words, and the knots.  We were also able to sample the zeppoli, bread, and the meatballs.  By the time we were done he had definitely earned this rating althought I think I undertipped, so I'll catch you next time.  Next time I'm going to get the spaghetti and meatballs, maybe he'll do a baked parm for me.  If you get the chance, try the wings too, they were phenominal.  I've seen some complain that they aren't open on Sundays.  So what, this is a destination so go there when they are open.
5	Spring Valley's Hidden Gem!Biaggio's took over a location where our former Favorite Pizza Place was at and we're so Glad they did!I'm not from New York, I'm not from Chicago, but I Love Pizza and I consider myself a connoisseur. Although I'll try any style and any toppings my favorite style is the Flat, and not the thin crispy kind either. Growing up in the San Francisco Bay Area there was one place that always brings me home and Biaggio's is one of the only three places in Vegas that gives me a taste of the style of Pizza I Loved growing up with.We tried a Large Pepperoni, Mushroom Sausage and it was Delicious! So delicious my wife and I ate the entire thing, that's how good it was. We ordered Buttered Pasta for our 3 year old and she Loved it too.But that wasn't the Best part of our Dining Experience, Mr. Biaggio himself came to every table and greeted himself and he also striked up a conversation as well, he was so Friendly and so Concernced, it made you feel so Comfortable to be there it was like you were eating at Home.Customer Service lacks a lot in today's world and it's Great to see it again. So it's a Double Bonus to get Great Tasting Food and Awesome Customer Service! It's Great to see a Small Business Thrive in today's Economy.
5	Walking into this restaurant i knew it had to be good. After numerous trips to the nearby cosmoprof a few of us decided to finally check it out. we were greeted with nothing but smiles and treated like we were family. This being our first visit to Biaggio's he was more than ecstatic to give us samples of his outrageously delicious meatball sub and his incredible pizza. now normally i am not a fan of thinner pizza but this pizza was truly out of this world. it was cooked to perfection...a crunchy underside yet the cheese and toppings were just so juicy and they balanced out every nicely. if you plan on going here though i truly recommend the meatball sub! it is completely unlike anything you have ever tasted. the meatballs are made from beef, lamb, pork, parmesan and i think even a little love and magic. they were the most incredible things i have ever eaten. also their prices are very reasonable and  taking into consideration that they make EVERYTHING there from SCRATCH it was well worth the price. i definitely plan on going back for the fantastic food and also the wonderful and uplifting personality of mr.biaggio himself.
5	I came here with my friend after learning that our first choice for italian eatery closed down... I suggested going here after reading it's stellar reviews on yelp. You can tell it family owned & operated before you even walk in the door.We even met the owner himselfThe staff was extremely helpful, kind, accomodating.We started off with wings and buffalo sauce on the side since my friend is a pansy and he doesn't take too well to hot things. :DThe wings were delicious by themselves. Nice and crispy yum.I was starting to get full...We also order two whole pizzas they came out.I forgot to tell you...THE PORTIONS ARE EFFING HUGE.I managed to get down two slicesBiaggio made sure to check up on us from time to time to see how we were doing.We got a nice surprise and out came these little fried dough covered in sugar with fruit jelly and chocolate dipping sauce.They reminded me of beignets and were oh so utterly delicious.I felt like I was going to fall into a food coma before the fried goodness came out but I couldn't stop putting them in my mouth. HAHAHAHHAA+ in my book.
5	Not that I'm a native New Yorker or anything, but I've had my fair share of pies... and I gotta say, this place is really good.Shared a pizza with meatballs, mushrooms, and ricotta with a couple friends. The meatballs were seasoned perfectly. The pizza wasn't greasy or stale. Another friend had the caesar salad with grilled chicken and TESTIFIED to the awesomeness of it. The dressing was freshly made in the back according to Biaggio himself.Speaking of, the service here is incredible. Everyone is friendly and helpful. We ordered a medium pizza and they ended up giving us a large because they didn't have any dough prepared for a medium at the moment. Biaggio came and talked to us for a few minutes.I'm definitely going to be coming back here to try their other menu selections. I think next up is the calzone.
3	I tried Biaggio's for the first time tonight. It's in my neighborhood, the prices are competitive, and the reviews here were enough to make up my mind.I placed a carryout order for a medium cheese pizza and a garden salad w/ ranch. Easy order, fine way to test the waters, and even if it's bad, it's good.It took them longer than stated on the phone, no big deal, I waited for about 5 minutes in the restaurant. Biaggio introduced himself to me. Nice guy.I get home, and the $5.50 garden salad was *tiny*. I think they incorrectly gave me a side salad. I called, spoke to Biaggio's son John, he asked what they could do to correct it and I told him it was not a probleml, I just wanted them to know. He was very polite and told me that the next meal was on the house. Now, the food: The salad was fine. No complaints about quality. The pizza was fine too. It's hard to be objective about pizza. I didn't prefer their pizza, as I like a thinner crust and crispier texture. But there was nothing "wrong" with it. The flavor was good, and the blend of cheeses was nice as well. I would advise others to try it. You can't beat the price, and the customer services was above average for Las Vegas. Pizza preference is subjective, so I can certainly see why so many others rave about Biaggio's.
2	Maybe I've become a pizza snob.... or Grimaldi pizza whore (oh, can I use that on Yelp?)  Okay under aged children turn away, go to mama.  After reading all the hype on Yelp for Biaggio, I was excited and intrigued.  Could there really be a good pizza place so close to my house?  Game on the hubby and I said, we want some good homemade pizza.  We ordered a large pepperoni and pineapple pizza and it sucked.  Two thumbs down, just sucked.  The crust tasted liked Red Rock pizza crust.  The cheese and sauce is nothing special.  Nope, not coming back.  We didn't even eat the leftovers.  hence, the hubby and I will continue to whore ourselves out to Grimaldi or Settebello.  -M2
5	Yummy, yummy, yummy!  I've got calzone in my tummy.  And wings.  And garlic knots.  All very good.My husband and I got delivery from Biaggio's and it was all I expected and more.  It was super fast and the food came hot and delicious.  They were great about accomodating my special requests, such as certain sauces on the side and extra sauces.  And they delivered even though they were about to close.  So happy that Yelp introduced me to Biaggio's!
5	"TO DIE FOR"Biaggio made our trip to Vegas extra memorable!  Thank you for such  great service... we will be back!  SOON!  Your friends from Norwalk
5	Very good. Had the meatball sub, chicken parm sandwich. The italian calzone is very good. The owner is also very friendly. Even giving us a couple of slices, so we would try the pizza.
5	Mmmmmmeatballs!  Phenomenal. Haven't had a bad thing thus far. It's been about two weeks since my last visit. Maybe it's time to patronize this establishment again.
5	I have found my new spot for pizza and wings! Totally worth the drive if you don't live close. So I have been wanting to try this place for a while but I usually crave pizza on Sunday and go figure they are closed on Sundays. We ordered the following: -Meat lover's pizza: they have reg and thin, we got the reg. Ingredients were good, nice ratio of cheese, toppings and crust. Crust was chewy and crispy, it was done right. With all that meat the pizza can get greasy but that's on us not the restaurant.  -Garlic knots: you gotta get this! Knots are in garlic butter with Parmesan on top. I have had it elsewhere and this is the best! -Bucket of Wings: 40 for 20 bucks, that is a steal and these wings are worth it, nice crunch and subtle spices with sides of Franks red hot, the only way to make real wings. -Fried mushrooms: I am not a fan of friend mushrooms but people in my group are and they loved it, it was done well.The prices are competitive, ingredients are quality, service was spot on.  My wife wants to add that they don't' have cannolis...  but I think she will live... Owner said he didn't have the best cannolis so he didn't have any there.
5	I had the privilege to eat at this fine place during my cousin's wedding (yes, it is a bit unorthodox for a wedding reception), and the food served during dinner (salad, stromboli, lasagna, and cannoli)  was simply EXCELLENT with a lot of distinct flavors in each food served. The place looks small from the outside, but it can sit around 40 people comfortably. We (including my cousin) all came  WA, CA, TX, FL, and NJ, and none of us live in Las Vegas. The owner and the servers were really courteous and very accommodating all of us. I don't think I have eaten at a place where the owner personally makes everything from scratch and puts his heart into everything he makes/serves.I highly recommend this place to anybody living in and visiting Vegas.
5	AWESOME food, even the salad, and I don't normally like salads.  We had lasagna, stromboli, cannoli, garlic knots, it was all delicious.  The meatball stromboli was my favorite.  Very friendly staff.  If we lived in the area we'd definitely be back more for more!
5	A friend of mine had his wedding reception here, and I was absolutely blown away.  Biaggio, the owner of the restaurant, personally catered the whole meal, and everything was perfect.  His wait staff was present but not overbearing, they didn't even flinch when a horde of seattlites requested coffees all around.The best part was the food, though.  The salad that Biaggio made for us was a great combination of classic italian ingredients mixed with some of his own personal flair - The artichokes and dried tomatoes turned a good salad into a great one.  The stromboli was cooked to perfection, and the trio of meatball, pastrami, and chicken/artichoke covered the spectrum very well (though a veggie-only one might have been a good experiment as well).The lasagna, though, completely blew my mind.  The sauce was rich and flavorful, the mozzarella was CLEARLY fresh, and the meatballs were spiced to perfection.  I would be a very large man if I had the chance to eat this every day.The cannoli capped the evening out with a crisp, delicious shell and a cream that was surprisingly light.  Perfect way to end an evening.The staff's energy was what truly gave this the last half star, though - Like I said before, Biaggio was engaging and informative during the whole dinner, and he really seems to pour his soul into the food he's making.I should clarify - I'm not sure what the full extent of his daily menu is.  The food for the reception was obviously specially-ordered, but I don't know if you can expect it on a daily basis.
5	I stopped by Biaggio's for the first time just before Xmas 2010 based on rave reviews from the girls at Scandals Salon next door.Mr. Biaggio greeted me like a long lost friend and made me feel comfortable right away.I ordered a large pepperoni pie to bring home. As soon as I got it out into my car, I couldn't resist taking a bite. WOW!!!! Such great flavor!I am originally from the east coast and am quite familiar with really good pizza. Let me tell you, Biaggio's is THAT pizza the east coast people have been looking for in Vegas!!He creates a delicious fold able crust and his sauce has the perfect amount of seasoning. He told me the ingredients he uses, bursting with pride as he described his methods to create his perfect pies.Mr. Biaggio himself LOVES to give hugs. He is such a sweet, handsome man. I really like how he makes me feel appreciated every time I enter his establishment.Today he surprised my husband and I with a complimentary order of wings. His wings are to die for! Great, crispy coating on the skin, juicy (not greasy) chicken and good amount of meat! Not just a little one biter either!Biaggio's Pizza is a gem among pizza places in Vegas. I am so glad to have found him! We have pizza at least once a week, sometimes we have him deliver to us, sometimes we go to him, for the food AND the conversation Mr. Biaggio provides.He will also deliver ANYWHERE in town! Thankfully, I am just a stone's throw away!
4	1st ReviewWhen my boyfriend and I think of eating pizza, the options that come to mind are Pizza Hut or Papa John's.  This time we've decided to try something new.  My cousin had been bragging about Biaggio for a long time.  What entered our stomachs were the creations of Biaggio and his staff.We ordered the Meat Lover's Pizza, house salad with ranch sauce, and chicken wings.  At this time, I'd been sick for a while so everything I ate didn't agree with my stomach.  The pizza was good and my boyfriend thought it was great!  I wish I thought the same but I didn't.The ranch dressing is home made and was, "to die for" as how Mr. Biaggio would describe it.  I agree with him on that.  It complimented with the chicken wings and salad I ate.  I had to come back for a second try.To be continued...
4	I was just passing through Vegas from Salt Lake with my family and we were in the mood for some pizza, and wow, did we go to the right place. Biaggio treated us like we were family. GREAT GREAT New York style pizza. The wings were great and I'm not even a wing fan. Desserts to die for.  I really recommend this great family pizzeria. Thanks Biaggio!!!!!!
4	Had the veggie pizza but held out on the olives...olives no good for me :(  Service was great, pizza was even better.  For sure fresh ingredients...
5	2nd ReviewMy boss was craving for some pizza and so I suggested she ate some Biaggio's Pizzeria.  Without hesitation, she gave me her card and ordered the $5.95 two slices of pizza and a drink.  Since I was flying, she said she was buying.  I couldn't wait to try out the pizza's since the last time I wasn't feeling well so I couldn't enjoy the food as much as I wanted to.  My boss also was craving for some garlic bread and ordered that as well.Mr. Biaggio was really nice and remembered me from the last time I visited.  It's really impressive how he remembers his customers.  It's rare to find an establishment like this.  The last time I felt warm and fuzzy in a restaurant was in BFG Chicken Strips.  But that's a different review in itself.I finally got my mouth around the pizza and mmmm mmmm mmmmmmmmmmmm, I realize what my boyfriend meant when he said it tasted so good.  Also, what tasted even better was their garlic knots.  The heavenly taste was just "To Die For!"  Mr. Biaggio you definitely have the right words when you describe your heavenly creations.After work I decided to treat my boyfriend to Biaggio's Pizzeria and he decided to get the meat lover's pizza while I chose the spaghetti with two meatballs.  The combination of the sauce with the meatballs with the spaghetti sauce tasted like an atom bomb.  I am definitely a fan and will order only their pizza from now on.  Thanks for an awesome heavenly pizza experience Mr. Biaggio.  :)
5	AMAZING!!  I went into Biaggio's Pizzeria for the first time about a week ago and picked up a to-go menu.  While I was there, I had to try a piece of pizza and was stunned... it was delicious!  I took half of the piece home and had my son try it.  He was blown away!!I went back today with my wife and son and we were treated to the BEST pizza, wings, and garlic knots we have had in Las Vegas!!!  Not only was the food incredible but the customer service provided by Biaggio and his staff was second to none!  He made us feel at home and was so passionate in describing to us the way he prepares his fresh food.  It is truly a one-of-a-kind establishment and worth trying... you will not regret your experience!!  We have now found our #1 pizza place in Las Vegas... Thank you Biaggio!!!
5	Awesome food!! Personable service...and the garlic knots???? TOP NOTCH!!! Will definitely be back!!! And Biaggio himself is always there and he is awesome too!!!
5	Good pizza, excellent service. This was a family-run place - the chicken artichoke and bbq pizza was awesome.
5	Best prices and service in town, hands down.We found Biaggio's through Yelp on our way back to town from our trip to Grand Canyon as we were craving pizza. Once we arrived to Biaggio's Pizzaria, we were welcomed with open arms as if we were family by Mr. Biaggio himself. Mr. Biaggio is one of the nicest restaurant owners you'll ever meet in your life and is not happy until his customers are satisfied and in my opinion, all restaurant owners should strive to follow in his footsteps.  I ordered 2 slices of pizza and a large soda for $6 which is the BEST deal in town. The sausage was very flavorful and the pizza was awesome overall, especially for the price. I also tried the meatball and 'gravy' and that was probably the best meatballs I've had in my life, and I'm pretty picky with meatballs. The meatballs were so good, that I had to inquire details since they were so phenomenal. Mr. Biaggio informed us that the meatball and sauce is a family recipe and the bread is cooked fresh daily. So if you're going to Biaggio's, you MUST order a meatball sub if not on your first visit, then definitely your second.5 stars all around, Biaggio's just gained some regular customers!.
5	Yum!
5	I've been meaning to try this place for months and I'm glad I finally did.  Pizza is the best I've had in Vegas and Biaggio is very friendly.  He came over to the table numerous times to make sure everything was great.  At $6 for 2 slices and a drink its a great value for lunch.  Cant wait to go back and try the sandwiches and other pizzas!
5	I had a the pleasure of eating at Biaggio's for the first ever tweetup held there.From the moment we entered, Biaggio and the staff were attentive to anything and everything we needed. The great thing about the event was we got to try most things on the menu.And what wasn't brought out was made special for us including meatballs and what looked like 2 lbs of steak in the freshest cheesesteak I've ever seen.I'll definitely be going back to try those meatballs in a Sub and have my kids try the Zeppolles. They love pizza dough and anything dipped in sauce.Go and see Biaggio and tell your friends. If you can't make it, Biaggio made a point of saying they will deliver ANYWHERE in Las Vegas.
5	Very fresh ingredients and really top quality stuff. I got the 2 slices with drink special, which was a great deal. The cheese pizza was delicious and the crust was crispy. I also got a salad and the lettuce was really fresh.  The owner is really dedicated and passionate about his food and it shows. I can't wait to try their specialty pizza next time I'm in the mood for a great pizza.
4	This is the type of neighborhood pizzeria that I remember growing up around in NY - friendly, good service, solid food - in fact - the quality of the food here was superior to most neighborhood pizzerias I have been to in recent days.  Pizza was very good - good medium thickness crust, sweeter sauce and good quality/amount of toppings.  Calzone was excellent - crispy top, and garlicky flavor in addition to the expected fillings.Again - service from the front counter girl to the kitchen staff was very friendly.
2	This is our 4th time ordering pizza at Biaggio's. The first 2 times were quite good and I would've definitely recommended them to our friends & family. The owner was friendly and was very welcoming on both occasions. The 3rd and now our 4th time ordering and I'd be hard pressed to go back or recommend them to anyone.This time we ordered a pizza with mushrooms & ricotta cheese. When I arrived to pick it up I looked at the pizza and voiced my concern that the lack of mushrooms was disappointing and the same thing had happened previously on our 3rd order. The guy at the counter said "I'll write it down" as if that was going to take care of anything with the immediate situation. I was rather puzzled by his response but didn't feel like arguing with him about what good customer service was and how he should've handled the situation.After arriving home from a quick 5 minute drive we found our pizza to be an undercooked cheesy swamp and as noted before a distinct lack of mushrooms. The pizza was impossible to eat in any normal sense of the word and wouldn't even stand up to the folded NY style of eating a slice. I've attached 2 pictures, bad iPhone shots, showing our pizza and what it looked like prior to and after trying to remove a slice after using a knife to re-cut it.We were very disappointed as we really liked the flavor of their sauce and the ingredients. Even though it's priced quite high for pizza we would've been regular customers but if you can't get the order right, or cooked properly, I'll spend my money elsewhere.
4	Wow, the garlic knots are to die for. Buttery, lots of garlic, dipped into marinara sauces topped with Parmesan...heavenly...Yum Yum Yum.  This is a solid 5 star appetizer.  I wouldn't mind making this my main entree. (5*)But:Pizza w/the following toppings: pineapple, anchovy, bacon, ham, jalapeno-We feel like there wasn't enough cheese...it was ok.  um, maybe because of the combination that we chose...will try something else next time.  (3*)Dozen of wings, extra well done, with sauces on the side-when this came out, it was battered fried, and we realized that we like them wings naked fried vs. battered fried.  I tried one wing and couldn't eat more. (2*)Mr. Biaggio is a really friendly owner.  Roland really wanted to try the meatball, but didn't see that he can order it on the side.  He asked Mr. Biaggio, and Mr. Biaggio actually let us sample a big meatball w/slices of fresh baguette.  We enjoyed that meatball very much.  Service (5*)Next time, we will get the best garlic knots we have ever tasted, and the meatball sandwich.Overall #*s/4=3.75~4.0
5	My husband and I decided to have dinner at Biaggio's Pizzeria on 2/16/11 while on vacay thanks to the helpful advice of other Yelpers. This place is AWESOME!!! Everything about this restaurant is 5+++++++ Stars! From the exceptional front line service of Mr Biaggio and his daughter all the way down to the ingredients that he uses, you can tell Mr Biaggio takes his restaurant seriously. We really enjoyed being able to meet and chat with Mr Biaggio himself! What a great guy to take the time to get to know and meet his customers! Between the two of us, we ordered the garlic knots, chicken parm sub, and a small supreme pizza. There are no words that can express how delicious the food is here. All I can say is that you must visit Biaggio's Pizzeria when you're in the area to understand exactly what I mean. You can most certainly feel and taste the love and pride that goes into all of the food made here. The ingredients that he uses are of fine dining quality and his recipes are authentic. I will now review the 3 items that we ate. Garlic knots: To die for!!! These garlic bread knots have the perfect crusty outside with a soft and chewy middle. The garlic knots are complemented with a marinara sauce that is perfect in consistency, texture, and flavor. We were shocked when Mr Biaggio told us that he does not use salt in his marinara sauce. The medley of spices and herbs that he uses in his sauce make up for the absence of salt. The garlic knots are buttery with the perfect amount of garlic used. He also uses real shredded Parmesan cheese to top the garlic knots and not the cheap, powdery stuff that comes out of a can. Chicken parm sub: The bread used for this sandwich is fabulous! Mr Biaggio told us that the bread he uses for his sandwiches are made by an older Italian gentleman who has been making bread for years! One bite into the bread and you can taste the years of experience that went into making the bread. The crust is perfectly crusty with a soft and chewy middle. The taste is perfect. You can tell that the bread maker is a master of his craft. The chicken inside the sub is plentiful and has a perfect balance of seasoning. Once thing that we noticed about his chicken parm sandwich that is different from others is that he cuts up the chicken into bite size pieces which makes eating this sandwich easy and quite pleasurable. And of course, as I mentioned above, the marinara sauce used in this sandwich was perfect and complemented the sandwich well. Small supreme pizza: Small!!? This pizza was quite large for a "small size". The toppings he used were plentiful and of superb quality. The amount of sauce and cheese used was perfect. The pizza's crust was quite tasty and enjoyable all the way to the crust. There is a perfect balance of the amount of toppings and sauce that he uses because the pizza was not a soggy mess like some other pizza's that flop and sag. Our pizza was quite enjoyable down to the last bite! In summary, Mr Biaggio and his daughter go out of their way to make you feel at home. Their warm and friendly disposition make you feel as if you are eating in their families home. The food here is amazing and very plentiful. The prices here are low and very affordable. The quality of the food is of fine dining caliber without the high prices and the recipes used here are authentic and perfected. Our whole experience here was a 5++++++ Star one and we will definitely be back next year for more. Would I recommend eating here? Are you kidding me? YES! YES! YES! You will not be disappointed! The only bad thing about eating at Biaggio's for us is that now since we do not live in Vegas, we'll have to wait a whole year till we can have more! Eating Italian food anywhere else will not be the same for us now that we know how Italian food is supposed to taste like thanks to Mr Biaggio! Mahalo(Thank you in Hawaiian) Mr Biaggio for an outstanding dining experience!
3	Friendly owner with decent pizza, decent wings, really good meatballs and awesome garlic knots. Speaking of garlic knots, the last time we ordered for carry out, arrived to pick up my order only to have them tell me they are out of garlic knots. I had already paid with my credit card and Biaggio simply handed me a $5 bill and said they were out. No offer to replace with something else or can I get you anything. Telling me on the phone when I ordered would have been much better. Might have ordered from somewhere else.
3	This place was just ok. I was feeling lazy and wanted to get some delivery. Browsing through reviews on Yelp, I was happy to come across this place that delivered and had fantastic reviews. We ordered a medium Hawaiian, chicken wings and some onion rings. The onion rings were soggy and gross. I kinda figured they would be from that long drive to my place, so I blame myself for that choice. The pizza was very underwhelming. I was so disappointed after reading all the rave reviews. The crust was blah, the toppings were blah, the only saving grace was the flavorful tomato sauce. The highlight of the meal were the chicken wings. They were really good. Great texture and flavor. The bleu cheese dressing that came with them wasn't great, but we just ended up dipping them in the hot sauce instead and yum. Overall, not the greatest place, but it'll do in a pinch.
5	If I could sum up the food at Biaggio's in one word it would be "Wow".  We were in town for an ice hockey tournament and found Biaggio's on Yelp.  This place absolutely lived up to the high ratings and high reviews left by other fellow "yelpers".One of my teammates got the Calzone and it was epic!  Massive calzone and great flavor.  We all tried some and agreed it was the best we have had.  This was by far the largest calzone I have ever seen..... hands down.Myself and another teammate ordered the meatball sub.  It makes my mouth water just thinking about how good this sub was.  Not only was the sub amazing, Mr. Biaggio (the owner) came by and was very friendly, letting us know the history of the recipe as well as the level of care and attention to detail put into making the sandwich. This is a level of services that I haven't seen in a long time from any restaurant.  Overall great experience from the excellent food and superb customer services.  Highly recommended that if you local to Las Vegas or just visiting to check this place out.
5	Great pizza. Great garlic knots. Absolutely fabulous zepolis, simply amazing stuff.
5	Found this place on Yelp by searching by highest rating. The service by Biaggio himself was great. He was friendly, and made it known that he wanted his customers to enjoy excellent tasting, high quality food. He delivered on this. I got 2 good sized slices of pizza, which were delicious, garden salad with grilled chicken, which was decent, and a large fountain drink, all for $10 & some change. Great pizza at a great price. I'd return and recommend to a friend for sure.
5	I've ordered take out from here a couple of times since the great CMYE that Misti put on here a few months back.  But the main purpose for this last visit was their pastrami calzone!  Is it really a calzone?  Or just the biggest empanada in the history of the world?  All of its sexiness can't fit into a pizza box!!  I prefer spicy brown mustard over the yellow Biaggio gives with it which is a reason why I got it to go.  Not like it would be weird to bring your own mustard to a restaurant...would it?  I once met a woman on an NYC subway that brought her own relish to Yankee Stadium but I digress.....The pizza is always solid here.  Great ingredients and you can really tell the difference.  There's a ton of other good stuff on the menu to try too...like their wings!
1	I have never been treated so badly by a restaurant. I take back my previous statement that the owner is friendly. Biaggio contacted me after my review and asked for a chance to prove himself. Okay, I thought, why not give him another chance. So I called and placed the same order I did the first time and told him who I was. When I arrived to pick up my order, he asked that I not post on Yelp what he was doing to fix my previous visit should I happen to change my review. I said that I would not. Then he proceeded to tell me that he didn't open his business to be a 2- or 3-star business and that "wasn't the service" I got there. To me, that basically means he is calling me a liar, and I told him so. He denied this. I told him that I used to work at a pizza place and that isn't how you do business. He said that he had nothing to offer me besides the garlic knots. I told him that I ordered enough food that night for my family to eat dinner and that  we ended up hungry because he was busy and all he gave me that night was a shrug and said, "We're out." He again said that it didn't happen, and that's when I got even more mad. I told him I would never be back again. You don't ask for a second chance to prove yourself to a customer and then when he comes in call him a liar and hint that you would like him to change his review and add more stars. That's not how you do business, especially if you think you are providing 5-star service. Whatever happened to "The customer is always right?" When did it become "The customer is a liar if he says he had bad service?"  All he had to do when I came in was say, "I'm sorry you had a bad experience. I hope this one was better," and I would have been a returning customer. As it is, I will never go back. Not with an owner that treats customers that way.
5	Came here with 3 friends and we all loved it.  I'm not actually much of a pizza guy but you have to try the Garlic Knots!!!  So good I'll go back the next time I'm in Vegas.Five stars for service!
5	What is throwing a surprise party without having some delicious eats?... well it's not a party at all. We had been trying to figure out where to order from and then BAM Biaggio himself popped into my head and his words," We will deliver to you no matter where you are." Not to say I doubted the amazing Biaggio but even when I called I said in a hesitant voice will you deliver out by the southpoint and sure enough the very friendly lady on the phone said, "Yes we will". I had also mentioned that Biaggio had given me his card and said to ask for him when I called and he would take great care of us, It just so happened Biaggio was out of town that day but his staff was just as amazing as the time we went into the restaurant. Before ordering here, I told everyone at the party how amazing this place was and how much love and dedication that goes into the food. Setting the bar high can be setting yourself up for failure in the case of food but Biaggios delivery driver showed up quickly and was very very friendly and when he handed over the boxes of Cheesy amazingness everyone dug in.. From this experience I know for a fact Biaggios picked up at least 5 more customers, especially when I started telling them about the wings and calzones. Once again Biaggios hammers it out of the park, Thank you and we will be back again.
5	This was undeniably the best dining experience I have had in over 5 years. You need to stop reading this, get in your car, and get down to Biaggio's right now. The best italian food experience money can buy, and Biaggio is passionate about providing his customers the best authentic italian food you will ever have. I am not from Vegas, but you can bet I will be here every time I am in town, and if I lived here, there would be nothing that could stop me from making Biaggio's a weekly habit! So good, I had to write about my experience.http://bit.ly/gHlYLC
5	Again, I can't emphasize just how GREAT the customer service is here. I ordered a pizza 2 nights ago and was told it would about 45 min to arrive. 40 minutes later, I get a call asking if I had received my pizza yet. I had not. They apologized that the order was printed but was somehow overlooked by the cook. My rushed my pizza and it arrived less than 20 minutes later, and was FREE of charge. Basically, the pizza only took 15 minutes longer than I was originally expecting, but I didn't have to pay for it. Very few food establishments these days place such an emphasis on customer satisfaction. Good for you Biaggio and Jim.I've ordered from here about dozen times, and they hardly ever screw up. When they do make a mistake, they DO make it right by the customer.
1	Food here is alright. Nothing special. The only reason they get so many 5 star ratings on here is because they give away more food than anyone could possible eat. Yeah, if you want a free mediocre pizza go to biaggios.  When I came in to get my carry out pizza, I was cornered by the owner and he basically begged me to give him a 5 star rating on yelp and tried to bribe me to do so with 2 meatballs and some stale foccacia bread. What ever happened to establishments on here earning their ratings by having FRESH DELICIOUS food - not handing out freebies and bribing their customers with mediocre frozen meatballs and their 5 hour old stale pizza "by the slice"? Call me old fashioned but I believe that you get what you pay for and well, since everything is FREE at biaggios, well you can obviously understand what exactly you get.....
4	Great Pizza! Nice light dough, great tasting sauce, premium cheeses used. Very friendly owner. Just like New York!
5	This is a great gem and I'm glad I finally stopped in. So far the meatball sub is my favorite, the balls are so good and with the cheese its the best! The pizzas are really good too you can taste the quality in the ingredients. Mr. biaggio aims to please. If you're on this side of town you have to give them a try and I'll think you'll agree.
5	Great food, really enjoyed my time over. the place might be small with not much stuff on the wall but who needs that. I cam for the pizza and loved it,
5	When I went there for lunch today Biaggio greeted us and gave us a taste of the menu. The meat balls are amazing!!! Fresh baked bread tastes unique with a perfect crust. The baki ziti was good. The garlic knots are the best in town. The pizza was absolutely perfect. I know have a new Italian spot for lunch!!! If you go there I would recommend everything but the meat balls take the cake.
5	We happened upon this place after searching Yelp while in the area and I'm sure glad we did.  Biaggio was very friendly.  We both ordered a sandwich and cannoli.  The Italian sandwich was amazing and by far one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  Since neither of us ordered a slice of pizza, Biaggio brought over a slice for us to try while our order was being prepared.  The pizza had great flavor and crispy thin crust...perfect.
5	Im from New Haven, Connecticut and moved to Vegas 3 years ago.  I can NOT find a good pie out here at all....until i walked into this place.  Biaggio is not only a great pie maker, but a great person.  When I walked in there, it was that "mom and pop" type shop that reminded me of home.  Between the wings, the pizza, the zeppolis .....you couldnt be happier being stuffed with good food.  5 stars EASILY.
5	The food is delish! Their pizzas were far superior to any others I've had here in Vegas. Their chicken wings and garlic knots could both become my new addictions! Also, the service and customer interaction was perfection, which seems to be a detail that is all too overlooked in life! Biaggio himself is such a wonderful host that he makes you feel like family rather than a customer. Also, they deliver ALL over town, yes ALL over!I sure hope they open another location near my Southwest home so I not only get the yummy food, but the awesome Biaggio experience!
5	Biaggio's has awesome delivery!  Their website is very easy to use and like many have said they deliver everywhere.  The delivery time can be inconsistent, but I try to plan ahead and give them at least an hour for my food.I have had a hard time finding a good calzone in this town!  Biaggio's has the best!  The crust is perfect, chewy on the ouside and gooey on the inside.   And if you don't like sauce inside the calzone, just ask!  The salads are very nice - fresh and huge.  Their delivery charge is only $3 and it is worth it!  This is where I always order from when I want a calzone.EDIT TO ADD: Some people have complained about the kindness and generosity of the owner.  What?  He is not trying to buy a yelp review from you, but he is trying to please his customer base and get your repeat business. That is something every successful business MUST DO, especially in this economy.
5	I've been wanting to try Biaggio's Deep Dish Pizza for a long time! It takes like an hour or two to prepare so my husband and I definitely planned ahead for this. It was so worth it! The crust was thick and crispy on the bottom. The ingredients onion, sausage, pepperoni, and green peppers were fresh. Yum! I couldn't come here without ordering the chicken wings. I'm addicted to that crunch ! I ate them all in one sitting...they are a meal within in itself. The service is outstanding as usual! When you dine here they make you feel like family!
5	Here is the breakdown: Deep dish pizza(it's not on the on line menu)-onion, peperoni, and green peppers. It is more expensive takes 1-2 hours (so call ahead). The meal is so worth the wait. $24. Garlic Knots (12) w/ Marinara Sauce $7.50 Chicken Wings (10) Plan, Mild, Medium, or Hot $7.50 Zeppole $3.50 2 drinks. $3(I think) The total was in the $40's, but totally worth every penny. I  love their pizza. My reviews are earned not given. After reading some of the reviews, here is my response: You can please some of the people some of the time but you CAN'T please all the people all the time.
5	Phenomenal pizza, unbelievable garlic knots, and a very friendly atmosphere. If you really like really good, no great pizza, this is the place for you. And chances are if you don't order something, they may give it to you anyway. Order a medium? Get a large instead. Can't guarantee that but that's what happened to us. Outstanding New York pizza!!!!
5	Just Awesome!  Went in here for the first time a couple of months ago.  Had the meatball sub.  I love the meatballs!!  Very tasty. While there the owner came by and asked if it was my first time here and I said yes, and then he gave me slice of pizza to try!  It was really good!  It is on the greasy side but that's what makes it taste so good.  I mean it wasn't overly or anything, just more taste than other pizza.  I don't know I loved it.I also order out from time to time from this place.  The online ordering system is quite easy to use.  I don't beleive they give you a time of when they will deliver like some places but about 45 minutes sounds about right.  If they have any questions for you they will call you and ask.  I know one time I placed an order for meatball parm and I got the meatball sub and called it in and they made a return trip to give me the meatball parm :) that was very nice, I was more concerned that I received the wrong order! Very nice...very good on service too.  I've had no problems with them that they didn't take care of me.  Also the prices are not bad, very affordable.  I love eatting their parm, it's like spagetti and meatball but with baked cheese on top that's nice and gooy yum!  Always fresh and hot when it gets delivered...If I feel like staying home and getting some pasta this is my go to place. :)
5	The food is GREAT! The service it top notch! And now they will have GREAT looking picture on their walls!
5	I love this place! We keep going back for more garlic knots and Biaggio's homemade sauce straight from his Aunt Angelina! The environment is very friendly and the customer service is impeccable! We have tried the sandwiches, pizza's, salads, garlic knots, and best of all---the Stromboli! Everything feels very high quality. :)
5	Best pizza I've ever had in Vegas! Wings are also amazing and the owner Biaggio is one of a kind. Eat here!!!
5	Finally-good pizza in the desert! I grew up back east and had a summer gig at a Jersey Shore pizza joint for 10 years. I never understood why it was so hard to replicate. This is the real deal-from the crust, wings and homemade dressings. Your first bite will hook you in. Next time we are trying the subs and such and dining in!
4	After reading rave reviews about Biaggio's from fellow Yelpers, I decided to check it out myself. Not knowing what to expect, I was shocked upon my entrance. For some reason, I thought it would be a large restaurant filled with tables once one got past the deli case in the front. So, I saw the deli case next to the cash register recessed beyond cushioned, wall-hugging half-booths that were six deep, seating a total of 24 people. I was looking for an opening to get past the deli case into the main restaurant when Mr. Biaggio emerged to greet me and deal with my obvious confusion as I could not find an opening, and only saw a kitchen directly behind the deli case. Once I realized that the space in front of the deli case was the restaurant in its entirety, I (in retrospect rather undiplomatically) blurted out, "I thought the restaurant was much bigger!" and Mr. Biaggio replied, "I'm sorry. But it's the best I can do." Backtracking, I told him that was fine, and he helped me ready a table for my party of four. The next surprise for me was the arrival of our soft drinks in paper cups, and the setting down of paper plates and plastic utensils. Had I known I was entering a casual pizzeria-deli instead of a fancy Italian restaurant (as I probably should have, since "Pizzeria" is in this eatery's title rather than "Ristorante"), this would not have come as another shock. It is difficult for me to equate a five-star dining experience with paper and plastic drink- and tableware. But, once I grew accustomed to my surroundings, except for a few minor discordant notes Biaggio's almost earned that grade. The ambiance was plain and unpretentious, but fine and homey for a small pizzeria and deli. Service was very friendly and efficient. Had I the option, I would have awarded 4-1/2 stars. Beginning at beginnings, the Garlic Knots swimming in garlic butter matched the hype on previous Yelp! reviews: "to die for" and the best, most ethereal garlic knots I have ever tasted. They were indeed heavenly, dipped into a warm and comforting Marinara Sauce derived from an old Sicilian recipe of a female ancestor of the Biaggio family. Next came an excellent dinner salad with fresh lettuce and a large tomato wedge, top-grade white cheese, and a superb light Italian dressing. Now onto the pizza! My wife and I ordered two large 16-inch pizzas, so they would last two days and they would yield the best reflection of the pizza maker's art. Too often 10-inch pizzas--and sometimes 12-inchers as well--quickly become overcrisp in the oven. Our selected varieties of New York-style pies with pepperoni, mushrooms, and circular sliced tomatoes on one, and sausage with light tomato sauce and extra cheese on the other, came out of the oven with perfect light and springy crusts. And, overall, they both tasted great. But, because fresh mushrooms were sparsely rather than liberally spread over the top, and the tomato sauce on the pepperoni-mushroom-tomato pie tasted a bit like spicy tomato paste, I would give a slight nod to Metro Pizza for the best pie of this type that I have sampled to date from pizzerias and Italian restaurants alike that operate today in the Las Vegas valley. To be completely fair in evaluating rival pizza pies, slices of mild pepperoni and tomato were liberally applied over Biaggio's pie. The sausage pizza with extra cheese is another story! It was the best I have ever tasted anywhere, period! Perhaps the light sauce and extra cheese contributed to this. And, as another mark of distinction that is important for truly superior pizza, both pies retained their goodness and tastiness after reheating in a home oven the next day. This time I detected no spicy tomato paste flavor in the pepperoni-mushroom-tomato pie. The only item I sampled at Biaggio's that was not up to snuff was the Cannoli. It tasted okay but the pastry accidentally split in the middle only to reveal a lengthy empty space. Only the ends were filled with creamy goodness in a rendition that was only thinly bored in the first place. I have enjoyed far better, larger caverned, and fully filled versions of this Italian dessert staple elsewhere. Hence, the 4-1/2-star overall rating! I have been in search of the perfect Italian sub sandwich in the environs of Las Vegas, and have not found it yet. Capriotti's is my favorite thus far, but room exists to beat it. Reading Biaggio's description of its Italian sub offering--"Cappicola, Salami, Ham, Provolone, w/ Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Pepperoncini, Oil & Vinegar"--all ingredients I prefer are present. So, I am going to soon give it a try. If the submarine sandwich is as good as I hope, another deserved star may soon be earned by an already fine pizzeria and deli. If not, the pizza and garlic knots are still in the superior range, making Biaggio's well worth a visit anyway for any pizza connoisseur--even with paper plates!
5	Hands down, this place is amazing! Service is great as well as the food. I'm in love with the chicken artichoke pizza. The flavors are amazing and the pizza seems so light. The crust is also something to be happy about. I'm generally not a fan of pizza crust, but Biaggio's has the bet texture. I must also add that speaking to Biaggio is always entertaining. He is one of the nicest people I have met and he's always happy to make delicious suggestions!
4	LOVE Their pizza and Cesar salad.They use fresh high end ingredients and are reasonably priced.  Their Garlic knots are good but a little oily but great flavor. The calzones are soggier then I like but still have good flavor.
5	Have you been to Biaggio's lately? He added beautiful art work on the walls. Giant pizza's and more. It looks great!!
5	This review will focus on Biaggio Pizzeria's fabled Italian sub sandwich that I promised in my earlier review to return and sample. And, I was not disappointed in the least! It is the best Italian sub I have savored in the Las Vegas valley, and in fact I can't think of one that would beat it for taste or blending of harmonizing flavors of meats, cheeses, and vegetables anywhere else either. On my noontime revisit I also just had to re-frequent Garlic Knots and two slices of Sausage Pizza with extra cheese and light on the sauce. The Garlic Knots were heavier than before and less drenched in garlic butter but still very good and tasty with or without being hand dipped in mild Marinara Sauce. And, the Sausage Pizza was just as wonderful as last time. Flavors of mild sausage, tomato sauce, and melted cheese once again blended well together with the hot and supple oven-baked dough that was malleable enough to bend by hand. But, on this outing, for me at least, these usually center-stage edibles were merely prelude to my introduction to Biaggio's Italian sub sandwich. I must confess that when I first saw this sub set before me with a bag of salt & vinegar potato chips (my favorite type--although when placing my order to Owner Biaggio himself I didn't even know that the sub came with potato chips, so made no request for a particular kind), I was a little concerned. The orange cheese slices and cool red peppers that draped over them on top of the high mound of food items that were packed inside the very fresh and soft torpedo-shaped roll initially threw me off as being somewhat different than what I expected from a typical Italian sub. But once I found the Provolone Cheese near the bottom of the pile of meats and learned firsthand by taste that the Cheddar Cheese was of a very mild variety, any alarm quickly ended. The 12-inch sub--a compilation of several thin slices of Capicola, Salami, Pepperoni, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Onions, Black Olives, and sprinkles of Parmesan Cheese, that, along with the Cheddar and Provolone, were lightly dressed with Oil & Vinegar--stood about 3 inches high. I could just get my mouth around it from top to bottom. The ingredients were all fresh, wholesome, and delicious, with the olives providing a welcome extra crunch. At $6.99 this is a true bargain besides being a great taste experience. Half of the sandwich was packaged to serve as another meal. As before, Mr. Biaggio was gregarious, very accommodating, and friendly. The restaurant was clean, and the service prompt and efficient. Now I must return someday soon to sample Biaggio's Meatball Parmesan sub sandwich which, according to fellow Yelpers' prior reviews, also enjoys a very high reputation. One can only eat so much at a time!
5	Good calzone, good pizza and great service.The only bad thing I have to say is their online ordering menu portal is not quite up to date with their available inventory (they no longer do the Chicken Bacon Ranch specialty pizza and the beverages are not all available in 2 liters) and it glitched on me for the first time today after 10 previous online orders.  When the order did not come in 1.5 hours, I called and Mr. Biaggio got right on the phone to apologize and make it up to me, which he did so in hospitable fashion.  It's rare that the owner of a business addressess the day to day issues so directly and the value of that touch is certainly not lost on me.  I have a feeling Mr. Biaggio will be contacting his website developer to knock out the only complaint I can think of...
5	Everything we've ever tried here has been awesomely good.  The garlic knots are to die for - I would go here JUST for those sweet little things.  The calzones are giant, stuffed with yummy ingredients and are always cooked to perfection...probably the best calzones I've ever had.  The crust on the pizza is a good combo of crispy and soft in the middle - it's very good, classic pizza.  Oh, and the meatballs are SO GOOD!  I haven't tried the subs yet, but they're definitely next of my list.They also get extra points for being willing to deliver anywhere in Vegas.Mr. Biaggio is so sweet and always accommodating - I don't know why anyone would bother going to a chain or a casino for great pizza/Italian food.  Support the local small businesses!
5	visit:delivery 7/15/11 830pmreason:YELP REVIEWSThe hubby and I are about to embark on an exercise/diet plan. He said,"before we do, we should eat pizza" and proceeded to yelp nearby recommendations.Landed here.Lots of things from this place are sung upon, so we ordered them all!!!We got meat lover's pizza, garlic knots, chicken wings, and zeppoli with raspberry sauce!!!My husband has proclaimed this as his new favorite pizza joint! lolI do love the quality...real sliced sausage, pieces of meatball, nothing looks skimpy. Garlic knots are crisp on the outside,soft and delicious inside. WIngs are great (though hubby says the best are still @3angry wives). I dont typically order dessert,but these zeppoli's are like little pillowy delicious donuts.I will highly recommend Biaggio's to anyone.plus they deliver ANYWHERE in vegas!!
5	By far the BEST Pizza in Vegas! Mr. Biaggio has a passion for food and it shows in his cooking. Give him a try and you won't be disappointed. Grab a slice, a meatball sub, and a drink and you'll enjoy the best pizzeria in town.
5	OMG! This is the best pizza place ever. Very kid friendly. Dessert is delish and Mr. Biaggio treats you like family. My family and basketball team can't wait to go back.
5	Fact: Best pizza on the west side, top 5 in the city.
5	Okay, so opinions of good pizza vary from person to person, and opinions of good wings vary from person to person.  I love Biaggio's wings.  Love.  I mean, we will go out of our way to get those delicious wings.  Some people like really wet, soggy wings.  Don't come here if that's what you want.  I like my wings EXACTLY how Biaggio's makes them: smaller and crispy, soft inside, great sauce.  They know how to do it perfectly.  Every time.  The pizza is pretty good too.  They have great sauce and cheese.  The garlic knots are amazing.  I'm giving 5 stars based on everything overall, including service.  Biaggio himself is always there.  He's very involved with the food that goes out.  He's always upbeat and personable, which goes a long way in my book.  My husband and I have been going to his restaurant for a long time now.  It's definitely worth your time to go there.  Great service and food!
5	This place is totally amazing. Their food is off the charts good. The white pizza is my favorite but I think that there could be a little more ricotta on it. But that could just be the fatty in me speaking. Regardless, its damn good.
4	Enthusiasm is infectious and the owner of Biaggio is not lacking in that. A simple dinner after grabbing a few drinks turned into an educational forum on the process of pizza making and the care put into each item.For some, this would be considered badgering, but I find it endearing. This man is proud of the product that he showcases, and rightfully so, minus our initial mistake. We had ordered the fries($3.50) to munch on while we waited for our pizza. Poor choice, because the serving was ridiculously small for the price. We had ordered the medium veggie pizza ($16.25) and I was hoping not to regret it. Thank goodness the next dish salvaged my waning interest. The owner came by to tell us some facts about the ingredients. The dough is made without sugar while the sauce does not use sugar or salt. The taste was simple and clean, a way a good pizza should be. The ingredients were fresh and had individual distinct flavors. The crust was magnificent; possessing a crisp snap and browned to perfection. Save room for dessert because the zeppoles ($3.25) are worth holding off for. The mountainous stack of bite sized pieces brought to mind an allusion to fluffy white clouds leading to Mt. Olympus. (Don't judge, Greek and Roman gods are one in the same.) Simply ambrosial with the raspberry and coconut glaze dipping sauces. The combination of both creates a wonderful pina colada taste. On our way out, the owner told us to take a menu because they deliver all over the valley. Before we could inquire, he emphasized our area. So if you live in the Southwest and don't want to travel, this is an option. Just order enough to cover the trip charge.
5	So my wife and I are always on the prowl for new places to go, yet so often in Vegas this only leads to disappointment.  I am so happy to say this was not the case here.  THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!!First the apps, we got both Garlic knots and wings, both of them were amazing.  The wings they leave crisp and let you put the sauce on so they stay crisp.  Now I am not one that cares too much about the ranch with my wings, but they make their own and it is REALLY good.  It's in the details!Next the pizza, the sauce reminds me of back east, ( I'm from Philly) and the crust is very close to home.  This causes my wife and I problems because she is from the Midwest and likes thin crust that they cut into squares!?!?!?  Who cuts a circle into squares?  Anyway Biaggio (the owner) while talking to us heard about the issue...so what does he do...he just makes a thin crust pizza for my wife!  SHE LOVED IT!  We had peperoni and sausage and it was soooo good.  The sausage is home made and you could tell all meat no little bits of gristle and the flavor was amazing.  Now let me get to the best part of the whole thing....SERVICE!!!  I have not got this kinda service since I was back home at some of my favorite Mom and Pop shops.  Biaggio (the owner) was our server and man did he serve, he recommends food and if ya don't get something he recommends he brings out a sample so you will know to get it next time.  He brought out a homemade meatball covered in gravy (sauce).  So fluffy and good and like I mentioned before he made my wife a large thin crust pizza and just gave it to us cause he loves to cook and loves food and you can tell.  To top it all off after we ate more than we thought we could, BOOM what is on the table a HUGE plate of Zeppoli's with this raspberry dipping sauce so bleepin good!  I tell you I didn't know what to do.  So let's get this 2 lg pizza, garlic knots, wings, zeppolis, 2 drinks...35 bucks you do the math!  I will be back prolly this week!  SIMPLY AMAZING!!!!
5	Pizza was great.  Service was excellent. Chicken wings were as if the best fried chicken had babies with great Buffalo wings -- YUMMY!  Now, shall we talk Garlic knots?  I am typically not a fan.  But these are welcome to my dinner anytime!  They had bite to them without being rubbery and they were buttery and parmesean-y and, just plain ol' good!  They deliver anywhere in the valley which is a treat cause we live on the opposite side of town and it would be a bummer if we only got to partake on haircut days (salon is across the street). The best part?  the food actually came out looking like it did in the pictures!  Very much looking forward to our next experience with the owner, the staff and, oh yea, the food!
5	My pregnant wife was craving for a really good pizza last week. So, she started looking at yelp and saw all the good reviews for Biaggio's... So, we were off to try it out. First, we noticed a very friendly and knowledgeable server (who turned out to be the owner- Biaggio). He told us about the quality of the ingredients and how the secrets of the preparation were handed down from family... The hype was so much :) Happily, the pizza was as good as the hype! It's the freshest, tastiest, and best pizza we've ever had. We can never go back to Pizza Hut, Papa John's or Woodfired Pizza. When it is hot and fresh, it is absolutely delicious. You can tell the quality of the ingredients! We had the Supreme Pizza(yummy)... also tried the Garlic Knots (amazing!!!) and finished it off with his addicting signature dessert (Zeppole)... Can't wait to have it again :)
3	I'm on the fence about what to give this place.  The service was good, the pizza was fine, nothing to write home about.  The garlic knots swam in butter and that was a bit of a turn off.  If I'm in that area, it might be worth a try, but not worth driving cross town for.
5	So I am going to once again post about Biaggio's since Yelp hasn't kept my review up.  Well my wife and I have been back to Biaggio's many times now ( 5 times I think) and the food has been great every time!  I read some of the reviews on here complaining about Biaggio increasing the size of food or giving them food while they wait or if they ask how something is!?!?!  Really people this is something to complain about?  I guess I am confused, people saying don't be bought by the owner Biaggio.  Well unless I am confused about the process of business, a business supplies a service, the public enjoys the service and wants more of it, thus returning many times to have the service again.  So by Biaggio giving AMAZING service and product; I am some how selling my soul.  THIS IS WHAT IS SUPPOSE TO HAPPEN AT A RESTAURANT!!!!  I guess some of you Yelpers have had such poor service for so long you have forgotten.  Look it is simple!1.  AMAZING SERVICE2.  AMAZING FOOD3.  OWNER TREATS YOU LIKE FAMILY4.  GO BACK OFTEN!!!None of this means anything shady is happening.  If I owned a store I would want return customers and for them to tell people about my store, this is good business and what A LOT of restaurants in the Valley could use lessons in.  Stop reading so much into it and go enjoy good food with good people at Biaggio's.  Oh yeah I forgot to mention they deliver ANYWHERE in Vegas...who does that?  How is this not 5 stars.  I also will not try to compare this to pizza in NY or Chicago, it is great pizza in Vegas.  So unless you plan on going 2500 miles for a slice do yourself a favor and don't over think it.  Best pizza in Vegas.  BY FAR THE BEST SERVICE IN VEGAS!
5	Well, the time finally arrived!  I went to sample Biaggio's Meatball Parmesan Sub sandwich as I had vowed to do months ago after being very impressed with the Italian Sub served there.  Once there, I also sampled the highly touted chicken wings and an Italian side salad, plus could not resist ordering a medium Sausage & Mushroom Pizza, half of which I consumed on site, and polished off the rest for lunch the next day.The Meatball Parmesan Sub looks somewhat simple and unassuming in appearance but it packs a powerful punch.  Listed as 12 inches in size on the menu, it is actually 9 inches long, which Mr. Biaggio readily admits.  But the sub is so packed full of meat and cheese that few diners would require anything larger.  Four mild and tasty, well-seasoned 2 oz meatballs made with 1/3 veal, 1/3 pork, and 1/3 ground round and a few bread crumbs to hold the meat together are covered with a mellow  tomato-based sauce, over which is draped gooey Mozzarella Cheese, and splinters of Parmesan Cheese.  The recipe comes from Biaggio's Aunt Angelina, and it sure works.  It is the best meatball sub I can recall ever having, and I much preferred the four large meatballs to six or eight small ones I have tried elsewhere that tend to fall out of the sub roll.  Also, while in the past several meatball subs have given me a quick case of heartburn soon after eating them, this one did not.  And, these meatballs were hot through and through, along with the sauce and fresh submarine-shaped roll.  Every bite taken was delicious and enjoyable.Also delicious was a Side Salad with Italian Dressing.  Besides lettuce and tomato wedges, this salad featured small black olives slices, Feta Cheese, red cabbage, cucumber slices, and carrot shavings.  The cheese and light dressing were highlights of this dish.  And, Plain Chicken Wings that come 10 to an order, and can also be ordered Medium or Hot, lived up to their reputation.  They were delicious wings that were deep-fried after being nicely salted and tightly wrapped in a batter that was very crispy and tasty following immersion in hot oil.  And, the meat of the chicken on the inside was moist and tender.  The cheesy New York-style pizza I enjoyed on this outing was superb once again, with not a mark of char on the bottom of the crust.  In a taste competition, slice for slice (or pound for pound, like boxers are often compared), I would pit Biaggio's Pizzeria's Sausage Pizza against anyone else's for sheer flavor and deliciousness.  Just writing about it and recalling it makes me want to return for some more.  And the other varieties of pizza I have tried at Biaggio's (ham, mushroom, extra cheese, and pepperoni) have all been excellent, too--just not as spectacular as the sausage variety, IMHO.Oh, and don't forget the great Garlic Knots made on premises![Relevant photos to accompany this review are photos #50-#56 for Biaggio's Pizzeria.]
5	Come and have the best pizza in Vegas! And don't forget to get the garlic knots too!Nice artwork on the wall and great people = one of the best places to eat in town.
5	I don't have anything bad that I can say about this place. The owner is super friendly, and they deliver all over the valley. Things I've tried:Garlic knots, meatball stromboli, chicken nuggets, and cheese pizza. All excellent. Garlic knots are very buttery and garlicky, just as they should be, the stromboli is massive and well made. I don't normally like meatball stromboli's, but the meat they use here is great, so I usually end up getting it. The pizza is your classic thinner crust, cheesy, kinda greasy east coast pizza. Atmosphere of the restaurant is pretty casual. They've got a few booths and a flatscreen tv to watch the game on, I guess.Delivery is pretty swift, I think. I live about 20 minutes away, and my order always shows up in 45 minutes to an hour. Pretty fast for a place so far away. Food holds up pretty well in delivery, since they use those thermal pizza bags.Update: I actually have to tell myself, no Heather, you can't order a meatball stromboli today, it's that good. I get cravings for it! I've converted everyone in my house to Biaggios; when that stromboli arrives it's like a throwing bread at a flock of ducks. It's gone within minutes. Everybody likes the pizza too, but the stromboli's so damn good that we almost always end up getting that instead.
3	Probably one of the most charming, thoughtful and ambitious Restaruant owners I've crossed paths with. The first time I experienced this place I had a shmorgishborg (not leftovers) of food ranging from salad to specialty pizzas.. It might of been of mind over tastebuds that night because I was delighted with just about everything offered. Now with that said, I've come to visit  recently..16" Meatball pizza: The pizza wasn't as appealing as the first time?.. Thinly sliced meatballs were decent. On the other hand, the dough/crust was on the dry side, very little sauce didn't help, and quite tasteless in fact. The cheese was fine, It wasn't greasy, which I appreciate but a little grease would of helped this pie out. What happened?..Chicken Wings (mild): These were Great, just like the first time. Crisp skin, juicy inside and had a one of a kind flavor! Went with ranch this time but I remember the bleu cheese was good as well. I couldn't be more pleased But still didn't make up for the pizza.Overall, the pizza was disappointing this time around. I liked the chicken wings and that I can vouch for. Service friendly and accomodating, place was clean and had a typical pizzeria feel. I didn't feel I got my moneys worth here -  This pizza with one topping ($15.75), chicken wings 10 pieces with one ranch dip ($7.50) and 2 medium fountain sodas ($1.89 x 2 = $3.78) Total = $27.03 (Not including tax and tip). Too many other places around serving better consisent pies to make a repeat visit (maybe for the chicken wings).
4	Solid Meatballs and the garlic knots are to die for. I have eaten at Biaggio's 2 times now and I've had the 2 slice special each time and my girlfriend normally gets the meatball for us to split it all. The pizza is good for the price but I think there sandwiches especially the meatball sandwich is amazing. I think I heard it's an old grandma recipe for the meatball and they are great. Meadium sized but just right with soft bread. When we go we always get an order of garlic knots with the marinarra because they are a must have with any meal because they are delicious. Finish it all of with fried dough and your out the door for under a $20 eating for two. The Vegas Villains
5	Holy Stromboli!Enough said.  Stromboli is awesome.My wife brought home the Meatball Stromboli.  I didn't get to try it until the next day, reheated, and it was still great if not better than fresh.  I always thought I didn't really like Stromboli until I tried the one at Biaggio's Pizzeria.  Now I'm a believer.
5	Great slice, great wings, great service.
3	ive been here quite a few times now in a short period of time. the first time i just tried a couple slices, they were okay (reheated, standard ny pizza) the next couple times were amazing, really really good food, so much so that we (my husband and i) went back days in a row. sadly, the last time we went it was pretty bad... i mean i did read on here that the meatball pizza was inconsistent but c'mon... that was from like a 9.5 to a 1... def wouldnt order the meatball pie again.
5	Incredibly friendly service, Wi-Fi, and great food! Tried the Garlic Knots, Art of Chicken Pizza, Italian Sub and The Zeppole. Everything was great the Zeppole alone is enough of a reason to go back, which I plan to.
5	Not sure who that Cassie C is, but it's not me or my girlfriend. My girlfriend and I eat here all the time and we love it!!! Biaggio is a super nice guy, super friendly. Great pizza!!!!!!! :) We love Biaggio's. Oh and you have to try the garlic knots... they're amazing!!!!!
3	Biaggio's Pizzeria makes good pizza, something that seems to be an art (although I don't know why). They are not the best pizza in town and they are definitely not the best value.Biaggio's is the kind of place where people, who have more money than sense, make a big deal about their za. It tastes good yes, but do I really need to pay $25 for a two topping pizza?I'll probably eat there again, but it will need to be one of those "I feeling rich enough to toss a fiver at Steve Wynn and thank him for his hotel" kind of moments.
5	I read the reviews on Yelp about Biaggio's and decided to try it. The owner waited on me. While I was waiting for my Stromboli to come up, he generously gave me a slice of cheese pizza and a coke.  I found this highly unexpected, and very kind. He had me with his generosity, but after trying the meatball Stromboli, he really had me. The Stomboli was incredible!!! I can hardly wait to try some of the other items that people are recommending here.
5	First time in. Vegas and wanted something quick but good so tryed this pizza place and it was Great we loved the pizza espcially me and Mikey it really did taste like NY pizza and garlic knots were good too.Hubby got their breaded wings and loved them so yea will def be eating here again. : )
5	Best pizza I have had in a long time!!! Will definitely go there again, and again, and again.....
5	Thank you so much for making my husband's birthday party such a wonderful success.  We had the most delicious salad (greek was amazing) pizza (all fantastic) and stromboli (delicious and our 1st time having one)  The owner was so helpful and generous with us and we loved our meal so much.  We look forward to visiting Las Vegas again and having Biaggio's delivered to our hotel room!!!
4	My neighbor recommended this place to me after having their Italian sandwich.  Of course I had to try it, so on my first trip, I ordered the Italian sandwich.  It was very good, and had a generous amount of fine Italian meats and cheeses.  Even had enough left over for my lunch the next day.  I then saw they had zeppoles on their menu.  I LOVE zeppoles...but I am from NY so I had a different expectation, I guess.  Their version was almost raw pizza dough (?) with lots of powdered sugar, and a side of jam.  It tasted nothing like the zeppoles I know and love, but were satisfying in a dough-y, chewy sort of way.  OK, but probably won't order them again.  My next trip, I ordered a medium pizza, with their meatballs and sausage.  Meatballs were amazing, although very thinly sliced.  Sausage had a 'different' flavor, not the normal pizza type sausage I'm used to.  The owner is very friendly, and will offer samples if you want.  Place was busy on the times I have been there, so I think that is a good sign.  Price was a bit higher than I would have liked, but the food and service are a cut above the ordinary pizza places.  I definately will be back to try more items in the future.
4	You have to love Yelp.  I've lived in Las Vegas for decades, and tried this little neighborhood gem for the first time based on Yelp's reviews.  Biaggio's is about a mile and a half from my residence.  From the outside it looks like so many other mom and pop pizza joints that are sprinkled thoughout the city.  But once you walk in the door, you notice that this restaurant is different.  The place sparkles with pride of ownership, and I was greeted by it's owner with a smile and a handshake when I walked in the door.  A glass display case in at the register displays the samples of food that they offer in a very appealing way, that makes you want to order them all.  There are tables both inside and outside the restaurant, that almost makes the small eating area look large.  The place isn't elaborate, but the tables and chairs are clean and solidly built, and floor looks like you could use the three second rule if food was dropped.We ordered the chicken wings with blue cheese dressing, and a meatball parm sub.The wings (10) were crispy, fairly small, and not overly greasy. On a scale of 1 to ten I'd give them a solid 8.  They were filling, tasty, and I'd order them again.  The meatball parm sandwich was good, but not great.  The meatballs were huge, and covered with an abundance of cheese.  On a scale of one to ten, I'd rate them a 7.5.  the roll was toasted, good, but not great.  It was a very filling.Would I go back there again... A definite yes.  Great food for a football crowd on a Sunday afternoon.  Thanks Yelp for steering me here.
5	One of the best pizza I've tried in Las Vegas!!I placed order for a delivery online which was very convenience It took about 40 minutes, considering the distance (about 5miles) it was pretty fast.I ordered meat lover, I loved it.! I usually leave crust when I eat pizza but I even loved the crust.
5	The pizza at this place is amazing! Great service, desserts are sinfully delicious (fried dough OMG). Great Greek salad, little pricey but good. Chicken parm was overdone but pretty good. Will definitely eat here again.Edit! Service from the "manager" not so great. The pizza is to die for though. I wish they had a place in the Bay Area.
4	OUT OF TOWNERS BEWARE! I am staying at Mandalay Bay and telephone ordered a pizza and garlic knots for delivery from Biaggio's. NO mention was made of ANY delivery charge but a $6.00 "Strip Delivery Charge" was included when the pizza was delivered. To add insult to injury they omitted the garlic knots. The only saving grace, and perhaps most important, the pizza was very good.UPDATE: About 30 minutes after I posted this review I got a call from Biaggio's apologizing for my "experience" AND removing any and all charges. Even tho I said he should charge me for the GOOD pizza he said he wouldn't do that. Talk about making things right and then some! I had originally rated my experience 3 stars because of the overall experience. Based on the totally positive attitude Biaggo has displayed, not because of any refund, I'm upgrading my star rating. Yay, I am indeed a fan! Terrific response by a business.
4	I went to Biaggio's because of all the positive yelp reviews on here. . . they did not disdapoint.  They serve real pizza here.We ordered the white pizza, it was awesome. The mozz was fresh and the ricotta was smooth and creamy. No one ingredient on the pizza was overpowering, a rarity in my opinion. The crust of thr pizza was perfect. PERFECT. It was thin, crispy but not burnt, and completely cooked. The crust was what really made the pizza and what will keep mr coming back.The only reason I didnt rate it five stars was because the pizza had too much oil on it for me. Also, I wasnt the biggest fan of the decor, i dont think that the oversized pictures of food fit this place very well.Biaggios is pizza without equal in west las vegas, give it a shot you wont be dissapointed.
5	What a great place! We found Biaggio's with the help of Siri (when we asked for best-rated pizza near us) and she suggested Biaggio's.  We didn't know what to expect when we pulled in since the parking lot and surrounding stores were empty, but when we walked in, there was a bustle in the air, laughter, and the sound of people having a good  time.  The man that greeted us with a smile and rose from the table to meet us ended up being Mr. Biaggio himself.  What a gracious host, I felt like I was in his home.  Our waitress was a delight, and we started our order with the garlic knots.. my boyfriend didn't like the last batch from Angelina's, so he was very skeptical.  The picture on the wall of the garlic knots got his attention and we ordered 2 orders (I love garlic bread!).. he ordered wings and then we got two separate pizzas, mine was the chicken with artichoke and olives.. I ordered with spinach instead of the chicken since I am a vegetarian and they were able to accommodate with a smile.  My BF ordered the Meat Lover's pizza and thought the meatballs were to die for.  The crust on our pizza was simple and delicious, bordering on flaky.. the color was even and cooked to perfection!  We even took pictures of our pizzas, they were so gorgeous.  And they tasted just as good!  Mr Biaggio sat with us for a while and was so very pleasant, even telling us some Italian cooking secrets (!).. (we love the carrot in the tomato sauce to reduce acidity) while he sat with us.  I got bad news by telephone while I was finishing dinner, and Mr. Biaggio even gave me a hug when I left.  How thoughtful and genuine.  What a dear man, I liked him very much.There were lots of people who came and went for carry-out while we were there, so I know they are popular.. and they should be!!Our experience was the BEST, and we will come back again and again!  Luckily for us, we live in the area, so we can get delivery!!!
4	I had a gift certificate so I decided to try this place. SO HAPPY I DID! WOW!! AMAZING!! Their specialty pizza with chicken, artichoke hearts, tomatos, and black olives is EXCELLENT! Their garlic knots are beyond yummy and their salads are HUGE and super fresh!The girl who answered the phone was so sweet and very knowledgeable about the menu items. Delivery was within the time they said and the delivery guy was nice. I gave him and extra great tip for the super service!This is now my go-to pizza place!!
5	Hmmm....Biaggios. Nice gooey, greasy, chesse pizza for a reasonable price. This place is awesome! Wish I could eat here everyday, but u see my profile pic and see why i can't. Anyway great restaurant though!!!
5	Is calling someone a Guido still bad when you mean it in a good way?  Sorry to Mr. Biaggio, who was a really nice guy.  His marinara sauce was by far the best I've ever had.  I got the calzone, which was huge, and incredibly good as well.  I'm sure his pizza are great too.  I also wish I was in Vegas more so I can order more stuff at this place.
4	Eating in Vegas can be a bit of a challenge with a large group. Following a hockey game, my team was hungry. We stumbled upon this location thanks to Yelp.The owner was there and they did a great job of serving us quickly and the food was plentiful. The highlight of the meal was the meatballs. Many reviews have said that it's a great pizza. I thought it was just average but it may be compared to other Vegas places. The toppings were good and the service was outstanding.
5	great pizza and great staff.
5	Amazing food! (ESP garlic knots)Very friendly service & great pizza!!
5	Been here before, had a great experience than, and this time was just as good.  We started  with an Italian sub for an appetizer, it's loaded with meat, red peppers, good bread.  We also got a meatball, sausage, mushroom and ricotta cheese pizza, it was soooo... good!  We wanted to eat more, but didn't want to look like pigs, so we asked for a box to take home, but it didn't last long!  Still a hidden diamond in my neighborhood, definitely recommend it.
4	Now being a foodie, great food means a lot to me.  Pizza just happens to be one of my favorite food.  The only reason why I'm giving this a 4 star is because there are 2 other pizzas that I feel that are better than Biaggio's.  One is in the Philippines called Sam's Pizza, and the other is, believe it or not, is Numero Uno's "The Works."  But other than those 2, so far, Biaagio's is 3rd on my list.  So every time I do a Vegas trip with the fellas, we always take the time to stop by Biaggio's for some great pizza.  Biaggio's uses fresh ingredients and a homemade recipe.  My first time in Biaggio's was a great experience.  I ordered a small pepperoni, but the owner surprised me with a large and said, "don't worry about it, I'll charge you for a small, I just really want you guys to try our pizza."  I thought that was hella cool!  So the fellas and I shared my large pizza with a smile in our faces :)  Great service, and Mr. Biaggio himself is a really cool guy.
1	I really wanted to give Biaggio a good review but unfortunately, they did not pull through on our large delivery order. I placed this order weeks in advance and come the day of my party the delivery was disorganized. First off, I was promised that for the price paid, I would receive enough food to feed my party. Plus, I was told that our delivery would be on time. He was 15 minutes late and we had to walk down to meet him near the parking garage to carry all of the food and drinks up to our hotel. By the time we ate our food, the pizza was dry and luke warm. What was the purpose of the delivery fee? Second, our order incorrect. The salad that he told us would feed enough people ...well...didn't. He said he would send garlic knots...he didn't. They didn't send enough soda liters...and for a group of 13 people, we got 6 forks. This was such a huge disappointment because Biaggo had promised an amazing dining experience. To make up for it, they offered to send us all of the missing items AND free dessert. THEY NEVER CAME! My fellow yelpers may say that their pizzeria is good, but I would avoid delivery, especially to the strip and on a big order. It just seems like too much for them to handle.
5	Awesome pizza got to go back again! High on my recommend list of best Pizza joints to visit. The Pizza was great the service was awesome thumbs in my book!
5	Best Pizza and Service in the valley. It is a pleasure to go here and the Pizza and garlic knots are great! WARNING: after going here for pizza my kids never want to go anywhere else.
3	I discovered this place using the Entertainment book. It is a little hard to find, located behind what used to be Popeyes by Home Depot. I went in not knowing what to expect, it seemed like a good place. Met the owner, Biaggio. The food was good.
5	My husband and I were looking for a place to grab a bite after playing volleyball at Gardens Park and found Biaggio's on Yelp.  Having moved here from NYC, we've had all kinds of great pizza and are pretty picky with what we find in Vegas.  We started out with some fantastic garlic knots.  They were perfectly seasoned on a pool of olive oil and also came with some tasty marinara sauce.  Take your pick on which to dip them in!  I did both!  We had a medium-sized (6 slices) "Art of Chicken," which had chicken, artichokes, roasted tomatoes, garlic, and black olives.  Delicious!  The pizza dough tasted great.  I love artichokes and roasted tomatoes and these were as fresh as you can get.  It's great having a slice of pizza with quality ingredients.  We got to speak to the owner while we dined at one of the outside tables and you are immediately aware of the passion he has about his food.  I love to cook so can appreciate that.  Service was really generous and nice, too.  We'll be back next time we're in the neighborhood to explore the other specialty pizzas on the menu.  This place doesn't take pizza for granted.  5 stars for quality ingredients and quality service.
5	Just when you think it can't get better, it does...Last night we enjoyed another amazing dinner from Biaggios! Mr. Biaggio has PERFECTED his crust, and I will be craving this every single time I want pizza. Move over, DeMarcos and Grimaldis~You have met your match!
2	Disclaimer: my rating is SOLELY for the pizza.First the positives. As many here have said the owner is a really nice guy, very friendly and clearly proud of his restaurant. The garlic knots are insanely tasty - had I just eaten them, my rating would have two extra stars.Now onto the pizza. It's disgusting. The crust tastes like cardboard...with less flavor. I've eaten bad pizza before, but I've at least been able to get an entire piece down. It was all I could do to get 2/3 of one slice down.Another thing that irked me - and this could've been only because I was so dissatisfied with the pizza - was that the waitress was TOO on top of things. She was at my table every 3 bites of food asking how it was, if she could bring us anything etc. While trying to eat a meal and have a nice post work, Friday evening conversation, I felt like I had an unwanted guest at my table. Again, this was likely due to me being upset with the pizza quality, but none the less, it was enough for me to notice it being annoying.
4	I'll start off first with a simple PRO and CONS list for those of you that don't want to read my rambling review. :)PROS: *I got the Italian sub and it was delicious! *The wait staff was extremely friendly.* Very reasonable prices.*It's local and very family oriented, you feel good giving your money to support  local  business.*The interior was very clean and cozy, a great place to bring a casual date.CONS:* The display case were you order your food is very off putting. I don't think it's even real food but meant as a display. Its a bad idea, when I first saw it I got a lump in my throat the the food was going to suck. Bad first impression.*Even though I appreciated the friendliness of everyone some people might not enjoy the enthusiasm. I could see that someone who is shy or not much for talk feeling a little uncomfortable.I visited Biaggio's on Friday 5/25 due to the good reviews on Yelp. When I walked in, there were a group of people sitting at the booth tables to my left; one of the men at the table waved to me like an old friend and at the same time the people behind the register also greeted me. I got a little disoriented by all the greetings but it was nice to feel welcome. I took a look at the menu and decided to so for the Italian sub. The man that initially waved from the booth then got up and came behind the front counter and asked me if I wanted it made a certain way, and additions or subtractions to the original sandwich. Which was nice that he was thorough, I just told him to make it how he thinks is best. :) I'm not sure if that was the owner or not but he had that air about him, so probably. I order my sandwich to go, so I sat down at one of the booths to wait. While I was waiting the girl I ordered from came over and asked if I wanted anything to drink while I waited, which I thought was really nice since I hadn't paid for a drink. I just said a water would be great, but still the thought was nice. I know some people said that the wait staff were almost TOO friendly to the point of being an annoyance. The girl that brought me a water, I had a feeling that she wanted to come over again and ask me if I needed anything else, which would have been silly because I was waiting for a to-go order. So she seemed to refrain herself. :) I wonder if they'd read the reviews! lol None the less I thought she was sweet.I only waited about 8 minutes, which I thought was a reasonable amount of time. Got up to leave and everyone waved a warm adieu. I got home to eat my sandwich and it was fabulous! It had a variety of peppers, onions and I think an olive tapenade with oil and was seasoned wonderfully. The meat and cheeses were of high quality, the bread seemed fresh, crusty enough on the outside and soft on the inside. Overall it was a great experience and I would definitely go back. :)
5	Owner is a real nice friendly guy.  Pizza was fresh and crust was crunchy This place is a gem
3	Food just okay. Service to the point of annoyance.  They solicit Yelp 5 stars so keep this in mind when you read the reviews.
5	I can't imagine anyone complaining about this place for any reason whatsoever! We live near the Cannery in North Las Vegas to try this place that we'd heard so much about. It was well worth the drive! The food was amazing! Everything was fresh and tasted delicious! The service was over the top, very friendly and very hospitable! I would reccomend this place to any and everyone who asks for a great pizza!
4	Ordered pizza and wings for game 7 of Boston-Miami series.  Got a large pizza, half vegetarian and half cheese.  The ingredients were fresh and they did not skimp on the toppings, but the pizza sauce was lacking a bit of flavor and the crust could have been a tat more crispy.  However, the pizza here is better than others in the area.Kind of sad to say since this place is a pizzeria, but I enjoyed the wings more than the pizza.  The wings were cooked to perfection and were mm mm good.  Overall it was a good dinner.  Would have been better if Boston won but at least I had pizza and wings to console me.
5	Best salads pastas and Stromboli in las Vegas! We had the greatest experience here not only because the food is excellent but the staff is so courteous and welcoming. The owner Biaggio is also very accommodating and kind which just adds so much more to our culinary experience. Best Italian food in Las Vegas!!
3	Decent pizza spot in Summerlin. Their pie was good, better than most in Vegas. The staff is friendly and the establishment has always been clean. The only item I was dissapointed in was the Meatball hero (or sub). It was SUPER small. I don't remember exactly how much it was, but I would have paid a little more to have a bigger portion. The owner brags about how his place is similar to an NY joint...the pizza, maybe. But the Meatball hero needs some work. I will definately be back for some pizza.P.S- VERY strange that a pizza place is closed on Sundays. I worked in about 3 different pizza places, and each one of them Sunday football was the second busiest day of the week. Maybe they should re-consider?
5	Service was A+ as soon as we walked in; greeted by the owner.  Food was good; ordered meat lovers pizza, a pep pizza and bbq.  Followed up with the garlic knots, antipasto salad and fried dough.  So we had a bit of it all.  The kids ate the garlic knots immediately, good thing I grabbed 2 to start with.  Kids didn't like the fried dough, thought it too sweet, but it was right up my alley, so more for the adults.  Well done guys and thanks for tossing in the kids mac and cheese (after learning my daughter just got braces and needed something soft to eat).
4	Probably 3.5 stars.  I love pizza.  And I'm no pizza snob.  I can enjoy a good slice of Domino's.  Heck, I'll even wolf down a piece of Little Caesar's if times are tight.  But if I have my choice, it would be high end gourmet pizza (think, Grimadi's, Due Forni). Overall, I found Biaggio's to be a little greasy for my taste, but the sauce had a great flavor and it is definitely cheaper than the high end pizza places I like to frequent.  We had a pepperoni and mushroom pizza and I was a fan of the crust.  Not too thick, not too thin.  Got a salad too but was nothing to write home about.  My man seemed to enjoy the food, so if you aren't worried about grease, Biaggio's is a great choice!
4	This place is incredible!I walked in to order a large pepperoni pizza with sausage and they told me it will be about 20 minutes(which is relatively quick for the quality of the zzas)As I waited I noticed they had wifi but I neglected to ask for the password.I forgot to mention that the employees were so friendly and kind to everyone in the restaurant.The pizza came on time and I took the pizza home and the pizza was delicious!The sausage had a lot of spices and tasted very exquisite, the crust was toasty and soft at the same time.Overall delicious and amazing employees will buy again.
5	Just ate there. We like to try places we can't get in Indy.  The owner was ver gracious and welcoming. Gave us some perks.  The food was great. Try the garlic knots. We had spaghetti, pizza and chicken Philly. All was great. You have to check this place out
5	I had a few guests over last night and we decided to order out.  We picked Stromboli from Biaggio's.  There was 6 of us, one man, a couple of delicate flower eaters, and a few more enthusiatic ones.  I never want to commit the party foul of not enough food, so I ordered two meat lover's strombolis and 12 garlic knots.  It was a lot of food because we had also made a large salad to accompany our take-out.  Well, the stromboli was so juicy and deeeeeeeeeelicious, that even our little delicate flowers were taking thirds!!  Yikes!  We almost ran out.  I have had pizza from here before and it too was fabulous.  You can eat in.  The place is small but cute.  The proprietor is very friendly and accomodating.  You must give it a try!
5	awesome garlic knots and pizza.  you have to try this place.
4	Molto bene!! The Stromboli here will knock your socks off. All you need to know. If you want to enjoy some takeout, a step above pizza, bring home the classier cousin - Stromboli! I can't explain what makes it so much more delightful than pizza or a calzone but it just is. I have enjoyed the meat lovers 3 times now and impressed others by serving it. One is around $18 and serves 3 - 4 people. Can't beat that! Biaggios is a cute hole in the wall with around 10 tables. You could dine in if you wanted. The owner is ultra friendly and I've always had excellent service.  Do yourself a favor and try something way better than other pizza takeout.
3	The great reviews on Yelp led my brother and I here. We were warmly welcomed by the Biaggio family. We started with garlic knots. They were tasty - warm, fresh and chewy, but those at the bottom were in a pool of butter. It was not appetizing to me, but my brother loved those drenched in all that garlicky butter. We went with a classic large pepperoni. I thought the crust was really great, crisp and chewy. And it held up well, a feat for NY Style. It was the greasiness that I didn't love. Cheese and pepperoni, should be greasy, but this was more than my arteries could handle. I'd return for veggie pizza or maybe a stromboli or calzone. I heard a waiter talking up the zeppoles for dessert. If I was ever able to save room I'd give those a whirl too.
5	Biaggio's is a great local pizza joint with a very friendly owner.  The pizza is New York style thin crust and is very good.  I've also had the calzone and Italian sandwich, both of which were great.  We always order the garlic knots to start and end our meal with the zeppoli for dessert.  Mr. Biaggio is a super nice guy and always makes sure everything is to our liking.  Highly recommended.
1	Biaggio is a liar! plain and simple, He brags about his family recipe for meatballs! Well they come frozen out of a box from the back of a Sysco food services truck!!! There is NO difference between the meatballs at biaggios and any other meatball delivered by Sysco to any other restaurant in the world. The ONLY difference is the lies that biaggio spreads about how they are a family recipe made by Analisa or whoever, it is all a lie! AND there are cockroaches in the place, if you dont believe that just go around the back of the place and outside the backdoor sitting on the ground are two large gray Ecolab roach baiting stations! Yes biaggio is pretty good at lying through his teeth and making people think he is something special but he is as fake as whatever that thing is that crawled up on his head and died! Yeah Its a cheapshot at a bad rug, but once you see how bad the rug is you can see how pathetic this liar is!!!
4	Yelp find:  We ordered the plain chicken wings and the garlic knots. Both were good, a little salty (I think most food not made at home is salty - I rarely use salt), but well prepared otherwise. The garlic knots were soft and warm and had the perfect chewy consistency.  The chicken wings were crispy/crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside.  The order was take-out, as we planned to have girls' night in. The order was easy to place, the food was exactly on time, and as soon as I entered I was greeted.  The place had several patrons who looked content.  I won't be ordering pizza (lactose - no thanks - they sprinkle the knots with a bit of cheese, but it is easy to pick off or ask them to leave it off), but the wings again - yes.
5	OMG.!!! The strombli was absolutely amazing.  Beautiful golden crust done to perfection, meatball, mozzerella and ricotta filling was absolutey devine.  I thought when I took my first bite I would have pulled a Meg Ryan like in When Harry Met Sally, except for the fact the 2 metro officers eating there probablly would have cuffed me and carried me off the the psych ward.  GUY FIETI, if you think your buddies at 4 kegs make good stromboli, you obviously haven't tasted great stromboli.  We also ordered a pizza and it was wonderful.  Owner was very sweet and came over and asked how everything was.  Of course I couldn't stop complimenting him and thats when he told us the sauce which is the best, was his aunts recepie and the olive oil EVOO imported, and the tomatoes from Italy, packed within 6 hours of being picked.  I also noticed that Mr. Biaggio was like the inspector general with every order that came out of that kitcken.  He personally inspected the food and gave each plate his seal of approval.  Very impressed with the pride that went into making each dish and quality of ingredients.
5	Rarely do I review anything... In fact I never review anything, but Biaggio's has compelled me to take five minutes to write this. This pizzeria deserves 10 stars. Their garlic knots are the best I have ever had, their pizza is AMAZING, and the owner, Biaggio including his staff made  our experience over the top. It makes me happy to know that restaurants like this still exist!!!!!! GO GO GO GO GO
5	Awsome, the "Art of Chicken" Pizza is truly a work of art, the combination of flavors is music to the tastebuds!
5	These people are awesome. We called at 840, almost feeling guilty due to them closing at 9....just because we wanted garlic knots delivered to our house. 1 small order of 6 garlic knots...and guess who didn't deny us? Biaggios!!! Freakin rad. We haven't even gotten them yet. But I'm super excited:D and I know they are gonna be amazazing.
3	It hurts to write this update.  Biaggio and his staff are super friendly and will bend over backwards to get things right.  Maybe this just wasn't their night last week.  But it still shows how far they'll go for customer satisfaction.   7:45pm: We feel like a pizza.  Just moved closer to Biaggio and the last 2 experiences we had there were good so what the heck.  I order a large supreme with extra cheese.  The lady over the phone tells me it'll be ready in 20 minutes.  8:10pm: I arrive and the cook informs the cashier he hasn't even started my order yet.  She seems shocked.  There was some grumbling back there with Biaggio and the staff.  Biaggio come up to me and apologizes profusely for the mishap, gives me my $23 back and said he would take care of me the next time as well.  I didn't think it was that big a deal and did not make a stink over it at all.  I said it would not be necessary to take care of me on the next trip and tipped $3 to the staff.  The pizza comes out unusually fast and I go home.8:27 and 24 seconds:  Arrive home and bring the pizza to the dining table and my wife takes the first bite.  The green peppers are COLD.  The pizza is not even warm and the consistency of the cheese is weird.  It was as if the cook took a cheese pizza that had been sitting out for a while and attempted to reheat it with the toppings he just added.  I thought I could just ignore all this and eat it but after half a slice, I called the restaurant and explained the situation.  The cashier offers to deliver a hot one to my house at no additional cost.  Fine!  Why would the cook think he could get away with giving me that first pizza?  Did he just think we wouldn't notice?  It was kind of offensive.  I've never returned a pizza ever before!  I couldn't believe it. 9:03: New hot pizza arrives and it's definitely oozing with cheese.  It doesn't have as much pepperoni or sausage but still way better than the first one.  The thing was that this new pizza was NOT five stars.  Not even close.  I could rattle off 5 other places off the top of my head that were better than this.         But the service, effort and attempt to do right is what saves it from giving them 2 stars.  I honestly believe this could've been just a bad night but I hadn't eaten there in over a year and won't give it five stars if it doesn't deserve it and tonight it certainly did not.  I am coming back for wings and pastrami but on the border for pizza.
5	Love this place! Amazing pizza! Great people! Biaggio himself came over and chatted with us. He is a wonderful man! He even spoiled us with a free fried dough dessert because I'm pregnant.  My friend had a meatball parm sub that she loved. Definately check this place out and keep going back for more! Places like this with the whole package of great food, nice people, good prices... are few and far between!
5	Best gluten free pizza EVER! I have loved on Vegas for 4 years and always saw this place as it is literally across the street from the entrance to my neighborhood but never tried it as I have Celiacs Disease. One day while family was in town everyone wanted pizza so we tried it out. To my suprize they had gluten free pizza and it was the best I have ever eaten. I have tried numerous gf pizzas in vehas to include Mark Rich's which was gross, BJs also gross and CPK ( they no longer make gf crust)Biaggio and his business partner are the nicest people and genuinely care about the quality of the food served. If you go and don't like it they will make it right. What are you waiting for? Go try it and tell them Brittany sent you!
4	Me and my wife are pizza freaks!!! And this place ranks up there towards the top. It's missing a few toppings that we prefer, like goat cheese, but the toppings they do offer are fresh and some homemade! I was tasting garlic for a day, but it was worth it. We'll eat here again....
4	Super greasy, super yummy and super fast delivery. I ordered from here last night for the first time after reading the reviews on here and was not disappointed. I got the grease & carb fix I had been desperately craving. We ordered a large, Ham & Pineapple plus extra cheese through their online ordering system. When I ordered it said the extra cheese was $3.50 extra and I didn't really care, but a lady from the pizzeria called me about 5 min. later to apologize and recalculate total as this was an error and extra cheese is the same as other toppings: $1.50. That was nice... I'm sure other places wouldn't have bothered calling or recalculating.Pizza got to my house in about half an hour on a Friday night and the delivery lady was really nice and smiling. That's always a good thing. I felt that the pizza could have had more cheese, it seemed like it was a regular amount as opposed to extra like I requested but the quality of the cheese made up for it. I loveeeeed the cheese. I could order a cheese pizza from this place and be happy. The other toppings were tasty as well and felt fresh. Pineapple was juicy, ham was smokey and tender.Only thing I would change - the pizza crust itself. Too thin! Like paper thin:( I know it's supposed to be NY style but I wish there was an option for a thicker pizza. That would make it a 5 star joint in my opinion. I hope to be able to visit the place in person soon!
5	I accidentally happened upon this pizzeria while stopping for the Snow Ono shaved ice truck in the parking lot. What an amazing find. I can't begin to describe how fresh all the ingredients were!! We had a Italian Stromboli, the pepperoni had just the right spicy bite w/o the heartburn, onions were sweet to contrast the strong mozzarella that had the perfect cheesy taste, salami was deli fresh, crust was perfectly crunchy, neither soggy or burnt. Simply amazing!!! Please try!!
3	their pizza is pretty good. i liked the crust and there was just enough oil to give it that extra flavor a lot of places forget to put in. when i got there i was the only one in the restaurant and the owner and two other people were conducting business or doing something. i felt like i was interrupting their meeting because it felt like they kept looking over at me. while i was eating. he did ask me once how i was doing while he was still sitting down in his meeting and i said good. the waiter asked me if i needed water and how everything was throughout my meal, but i still felt like i was interrupting their meeting. it was like that scene from a gangster movie (i cant remember which one, goodfellas?) when the gangsters killed a guy in the bar and then a cop walks by. they drag the body into the back and the cop comes in to the bar.
5	Awesome pizza ! Phillycheese was also yummy ! Not only is food good but the owner and everyone there was super friendly ! Will definitely be returning !
5	First time visitor. Food was excellent, service was terrific. You gotta love it when the owner of the restaurant greets you when you walk in! The wings were very good and the garlic knots were first rate. Prices were fair. All in all I think they deliver a good value and I will be back.
5	Oh my....Amo questo luogo! We had a  pepperoni pizza and another with spinach,  feta, & sliced tomatoes.  Both were great.  The sauce, the cheese, the crust....delicious! Also, we've tried the Italian calzone. Huge and heavy! So good.
5	This restaurant is a great find! The owner is personable and a great host. The food is out of this world!!! The garlic knots, pizza, and all desserts are to die for :)
5	What a neat little hole in the wall pizzeria!  I had a hankering for a slice of pizza one evening and saw that this shop is near where I live.  So the fiance and I headed over and ended up ordering some garlic knots and a medium supreme pizza.  The knots were soft with just the right amount of flavor.  The pizza... so good!  The toppings tend to slide around on the pizza, so you really have to get a hold of it to get a good bite with all of the fixings.  I usually like to dip my pizza in ranch, but this did not even require any!  Biaggio himself came over and greeted us, which I thought was a nice touch.  I will return soon to try some more of this delicious pizza and maybe one of the tasty sounding desserts on the menu!
5	My husband, son and I truly enjoyed the service and food! Great Meatball sandwiches, chicken wings are delicious and the brownie cheesecake we had was amazing! Met the owner Biaggio he was very friendly and kind. The waitress was also a sweetheart! Loved this Place! We will be back!
5	Biaggio's is fine Italian food at extremely reasonable prices for the quality. Don't be surprised if Biaggio comes to your table to welcome you into the family.
4	Great pizza if your looking for something with the "back East" flavor(which I always am!). The owner is SUPER nice and very involved with each guest that comes in. We got a large with bacon & onion, and it was perfect. Overall the menu is a little bare and it's a little pricey, but a must try if your looking for a delicious "pizzeria" style pie.
5	Four Dena girls on a weekend getaway and what a pleasant surprise!! The food, atmosphere and service were awesome and Biaggio himself was the icing on the cake!
5	Great pizza, probably one of the best I have had.
5	We yelped this when we were In Las Vegas. It was a little hard to find, but It was well worth it. It was the best Pizza and Garlic knot anywhere. We had the Sausage and Meatball, All HOMEMADE. Wonderful place. I just wished we had it here in Florida. We will be back when we are in town. Service was great and friendly
4	Finally checked out Biaggio's Pizzeria when Sno Ono had their last day event.  They were so awesome in partnering with them and giving out free slices as a result!  What makes them really special is that the Little Guy normally does not eat pizza.  Trust me, we've been trying and pushing and he usually just eats the olives off the pizza.  But for some reason, he saw us eating their cheesy slice and wanted some.  We obliged and he asked for more!  Unheard of!What's even more amusing is that the Husband had pizza twice earlier that week and was pizza-ed out!  He rolled his eyes when he heard free pizza.  But then again, he had a slice of their pepperoni and went back for a few more!  I take that as a pretty good sign he was loving their version.The staff are great - friendly and were constantly cleaning!  They wiped down the tables and swept after each guest!  When do you ever see that happen at any restaurant these days?
5	Just returned from another wonderful, personal, dining experience at Biaggio's. (We're regular customers.) Biaggio surprised us by bringing out one of his new menu items- gluten-free spinach canneloni. The filling was to die for! His home made marinara is perfect, and my husband is full-blooded Italian, so he's particular about his "gravy."  Biaggio told me he also now offers gf spinach ravioli, gf cheese gf ravioli, gf zitis, and gf spaghetti. I asked him about the ingredients in the gf noodles (I don't like to eat corn flour) and he brought out the box of gorgeous fresh/frozen spaghetti...not dried and boxed. Yum. It was made from rice flour, potato starch, tapioca flour, xanthan gum, and salt. After our pizza, he surprised us again, by bringing me my choice of gf CHEESECAKE! I chose pumpkin, as I prefer pumpkin ANYTHING, but he also offers chocolate truffle, plain, and strawberry. Over the plate, he sprinkled just enough cinnamon and powdered sugar to give it a gourmet presentation. I never cease to be impressed with the personal service there, the food, and the fact that I can trust them to make a safe gluten-free meal for me. That's worth driving all the way across town for! And we do.
5	I am a pizza nut. Self admitted, I need help, nut. I couldn't believe how hard it is to find pizza in Vegas that suits my taste. THIS IS IT! Phenomenal, fresh ingredients. Elegant, intricate yet classic flavors. Friendly, impeccable service. Garlic knots: Sweet, large,  buttery, garlic not overpowering. Served with great marinara, not some tomato sauce affair.Greek Salad: perfect vinaigrette, feta that was like it was flown in today, crisp, impeccable.Italian Sub: usually not my cup of tea. I guess I never had a good one before! The wife ordered it, and I almost stole it from her! Unbelievably well dressed and loaded.The Pizza: Oh, the pizza. HOMEMADE meatball slices. Dough that was the soul of perfection. Not salted to heck and gone  to make you drink more soda. Perfect compliment of flavors. Zeppole: Never had it before. OMG. The same delicate pizza dough fried, the blanketed in powdered sugar, served with berry dip, then a custard dip. (Did in order as instructed.) Like the best powdered doughnut you've ever had in your life, only fresh and warm. If you hadn't of told me they were fried, I would not have ever guessed that. Overall, I can totally see why so highly reviewed. We will be back, again and again!A total value!!! You'll find cheaper. But you'll not find better.
5	My husband works near here so I yelped to find a pizza place we could try on his lunch break.  My search led me to Biaggio's and I'm thrilled that it did!  The restaurant is not big but it has a nice, inviting feel to it.  Big booths and comfortable seating.  The display case showcases pizza pies, specialty slices, drinks, and their Boar's Head products (hubby's favorite).  It was the owner, Biaggio himself, who greeted us with a smile and a, "thanks for stopping in."  This was just our first taste of the excellent service we received.  We chose a booth and received drinks immediately.  My husband was between a meatball hero and the Secret BLT that he had seen on the website.  He ultimately went with the BLT, we ordered garlic knots, and a small cheese pie.  It took a little while for our food to arrive, but worth the short wait!  The garlic knots were perfectly soft with a crisp and the marinara sauce was delicious.  My husband LOVED his BLT.  The pizza was very satisfying... and you all know by now that I'm a NY'er and my pizza standards are high.  I'm also not losing my touch for recognizing a good slice.  The crust was fantastic - it was crispy and crunchy but foldable and, to some NY'ers, if you can't comfortably fold it it's a total deal breaker.Oh!  And I almost forgot to mention the zeppoles.  Now, they're not as light and fluffy as I remember them back at my stomping grounds.   But they are deliciously smothered in powdered sugar and served with a raspberry dipping sauce as well as a vanilla(?) sauce that creates a delightfully sweet raspberries and cream dip.  Biaggio took the time to tell us the best way to dip (first in the raspberry and then in the creamy vanilla dip) and this combo was delectable.  My husband preferred to eat them without the dip but he's not a "sweets" person.  I can't speak on the taste of this, but I noticed that they offer gluten free options, and I know this is often hard to come by.  The owner came by to check on us a couple of times with a very delightful and friendly demeanor.  I felt like an old friend of the restaurant, not a first-time customer.  My husband told the owner that he was initially between the BLT and the meatball hero, which he had surmised was the best around based solely on yelp reviews.  My husband mentioned that he hadn't found a fully satisfying meatball hero since moving here and was looking forward to trying it next time.  Moments later Biaggio returned with a plate in hand and gave my husband a Biaggio's meatball to try.  What a nice gesture and we were so excited to try it.  It was incredible, and I'm not even a meatball person.  Delivery in the valley is tricky.  Not everyone does it and, when they do, you're not sure where they'll deliver to.  Biaggio's delivers ALL OVER the valley.  Want to try it but live in Henderson??  Go for it.  They promise your food will be deliciously hot and fresh when it arrives.  Can't wait to return to you, Biaggio's!  Thank you for the kind and hospitable service and delicious eats.
5	Place is Tits.  Super good for deliveries.  Pizza is really good and u can't help but to eat the crust.
5	Ordered a pickup pizza and was STOKED to come on and see the Lakers game on as it is! Was welcomed with a hello from the owner, Biaggio himself, and felt the friendly greeting immediately. Upon leaving after a brief conversation at the register he told me and my buddy to take a couple bars of ice cream as a complement to our pizzas. Everything is QUALITY. From the ingredients down to the customer service (not to mention the team selection to play on TV ), biaggios can't go wrong in any aspect! ps. I've had all the best pizza spots in town from Rocco's, to Secret Pizza, to Detroit pizza and *confidently* I say Biaggio's tops em all. 2 thumbs up.
5	I've never had anything I didn't like! It's the best pizza we've come across in Vegas. The calzones are ginormous and the salads are just as big.
5	It's going, it's going.......... IT'S GOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNE! Yet another yelp home run. Great pizza! Big beautiful boulders of savory sausage. I love the chunks of sausage oh so much and the chunks on our pizza were yum yum yummy and juicy. The sauce was really tasty as well. Savory and slightly sweet. Not too much or too little, the perfect Little Red Riding Hood amount; just right! Good quality cheese blend in just the right amount as well. The pepperoni was spot on as well; leaving just enough orange grease to let you know it's there but not so much it was dripping all over the place.Bottom-line; not the best pizza I have had in Vegas, that still belongs too Old School, but certainly the second best, with the added bonus that Biaggio"s is 5 minutes from my house and not 45 like Old School.The antipasto salad was great! Huge! Yummy! Loaded with everything you would want in an antipasto and one thing you wouldn't expect: dill pickle slices. Huh? But when all was said and done, they fit right in. Only one thing that I would mention on the negative side is that the pick-up order that was supposed to take "20 minutes" took 45. I placed my order on-line, which was easy enough.Thanks Biaggio's, and thank Yelpers for this place!
5	My favorite pizza place in town. The pizza is delicious, they definitely know their stuff. Garlic knots are perfection. Biaggio the owner is absolutely amazing, so kind. The food+the great customer service= me telling everyone I know.
5	We stumbled by this place. Desperately looking for pizza. We enjoyed the supreme. Mostly loved the service.
5	Quick delivery, arrived hot, and exactly as ordered. The white gluten-free pizza was amazing. The Ceasar salad was outstanding too. Perfect gluten-free pizza in Vegas who knew it was possible.
5	I love this place. It's great for handouts and dine-ins. This place serves the best chicken wings and meatball dishes. I recommend trying their spaghetti and meatballs. The meatballs are homemade which makes it better! The chickens wings are fried and crispy to perfection!     The owner is awesome! He was very friendly with all the customers, even though he's alone most of the time. When you walk into this restaurant, you will definitely feel like your home. :)
4	DELICIOUS!ordered delivery..  Philly Cheese Steaks and Zeppole. It was fantastic! Have to remember to order a side of marina for Philly since it didn't come with. the Zeppole arrived hot and with more then expected! Raspberry sauce was amazing too! They will be a must with every order!
5	Went for the first time today. I got the supreme and it was amazing. I will be coming here for my pizza now. Sausage, crust veggies and sauce were all awesome.
5	Amazing pizza.
5	Found this place thanks to Yelp. We ordered the Art of Chicken, a medium two topping, garlic knots, and a meatball parm sub. Everything was delicious and well cooked/baked. The garlic knots were outstanding and both pizzas were great. The meatballs were very well seasoned and huge! The menu is very well priced considering how good everything was. Biaggio (the namesake owner) was very friendly and came to check on us at least 4 or 5 times in the 30 minutes we were there. Great experience; we will be back.
4	This place caught me by surprise. I was pretty skeptical because I have not had too many memorable pizza experiences here in Vegas but I will definitely give this place another try. We got 2 medium pizzas (cheese with onion and extra cheese and a supreme). We got our pizza delivered so it wasn't as crispy as I was hoping it would be but that is no one's fault in particular. And it took them a little under an hour to get it to the house. The price of the pizza is a little higher than what I am used to paying but it is supposedly hand tossed and it tasted good so, it was worth it. The crust was really good, just slightly crispy on the outside and the marinara was very nicely seasoned. The ingredients used don't taste cheap at all. It isn't the BEST pizza I've had in town but certainly better than a majority of the competition.
5	WOW. Amazing and fresh pizza, sandwiches and salads. AND vegetarians/vegans and the gluten-sensitive are in luck too! As they have a gluten-free pie crust (which is to DIE FOR it's sooo delicious) and gluten-free salads too. They will also remove meat items from any pizza to create a veggie option, including removing the cheese for vegans! Talk about customized pizza. And the portions are great big sizes and some items are family recipes...so they're homemade and incredible. And the owner, Biaggio, is just delightful! Spent most of our dinner chattin' it up with him while we were there. :)  I hightly recommend this pizza place. Really one of the best I've found in Vegas. Thanks for the amazing dinner last night!
5	If you haven't tried it yet you should. This place is great.
4	Solid 4 stars. Biaggios is like your mom made it. Its just good. Wings are crispy which I like. By the way this food tastes wayy better the next day. Best pizzeria on this end of town.
4	Finally tried Biaggio's the other day and I have to say one of the better pizza places ive tried in Las Vegas. We had the supreme pizza and the garlic knots. Garlic knots were very good! Honestly one of the better garlic knots ive tried! Pizza was also very tasty, the sausage was definitely my highlight! Service was extremely friendly and prompt! If your on the Southwest side, this is the place to go!
5	Biaggio's is easily my favorite pizza place in town. Biaggio, himself, is a big perk - he's too funny. Being that it's down the street from my gym (LVAC), the drive home is excruciatingly tempting. Alas, a sporadic treat every so often is a must. Anyways:1. Pizza is flavorful, with a great crispy crust and a splendid balance of cheese and grease. Very east coast style. 2. The giant meatball is amazeballs. Yes, ONE meatball is what I ordered. According to Biaggio, they use a secret recipe with different meats and spices. Well, let me tell you... it's glorious. 3. Chicken wings are the best I've had in town. Somehow, they're juicy but not oily. They came out on a platter lined with paper, and the paper had no grease on it. The first time I went there, they said they delivered anywhere in town, but I'm not sure they do that anymore - I'd never expect them to. As nice as the idea is, it's too much to ask of anyone.So yeah, a huge lunch. Well worth the added caloric intake! Again, Biaggio is a funny man and he's got really great grub. Prices are comparable to other pizza joints.
5	Great food! The best Philly steak in years !! The service was amazing and felt very welcomed with his hospitality and well made food!! I will Definately be back!
1	do not go here !  they must have their family writing reviews because the pizza I  ordered was cold and inedible.  do not know if they can get a delivery out in less than an hour cause mine was much longer.  this is NOT good new York style pizza, im from Brooklyn and no new Yorker would serve this crap
5	Slowly turning into my favorite pizza place. It's a little small and casual, but I'd rather have it cozy than big and restaurant-chain style. Try as much as you can, I did the knots, wings, and pizza with a friend and we finished everything. I only wish they were open on Sundays.
5	Quite possibly some of the best pizza out there and their Cannoli, "forget about it".
2	Maybe we tried them on an off night. Ordered mild chicken wings, while they were cooked right they were more like plain. Ordered the pizza extra crispy, but it arrived soggy with undercooked toppings - I think it would have been tasty if it hadn't been so soggy. We had Spagetti with Sausage and I think my hubby had Chicken Parmesan. Red sauce wasn't anything to write home about, not nearly as good as our old Italian home delivery spot from La Famiglia on Durango.  The search for our weekend italian delivery joint continues.
4	The crust always makes or breaks a pizza, and this was great! The slices were huge and very reasonably priced! I defiantly recommend this place to anyone looking a few slices for lunch!
1	maybe we came in on the wrong day and time, but since reviews were so nice and this place is rated 4.5 stars we had our high hopes coming in to pick up our order. first off it was not busy maybe one table and we walked in all excited and not one person said hello. we said hi kindly and excitedly and got a 'hey' from like a bunch of workers staring at us. my bf than says here to pick up  our order? the casher goes, YEAH HOLD ON IM PUTTING SOMETHING IN. dang, sorrrrrrrrry! so we stood there just waiting and minutes later he finally goes whats your name my bf answered steven than he turns to the other faces standing around and tells them to get our order. there was an older man behind us sitting down he looked nice and was prob the owner, he than says hi to us and thanks us for coming in which was cool. but at that point we already felt the extremely rude vibe from everyone working up front. thats the service part, food part i got the antipasto with grilled chicken salad. grilled chicken was extremely overcooked. i could barely bite it very dry. salad wasn't that great either i ended up giving more than half to my dogs (no lie)... pizza wise my bf got half supreme and half pepperoni. him and baby bros said it was pretty good. i had two bites and agree it was decent but at that point the salad already had me feeling effy inside. i ended up eating cereal afters to fulfill my hunger. would not be returning here, sorry!
5	This is real east coast pizza with fresh real ingredients. The sausage is made from scratch and the dough on the pizza is out of this world. We live in Henderson and this pizza is so good worth the trip. He does delivery to Henderson as well but we love going in. The owner is always happy to see us and it is such a great feeling knowing how he really cares about what he serves and the service. This place is wonderful. I would give it 100 stars if I could.
5	Best meatball sub I've ever eaten! Bomb Cesar salad too. Mr. Biaggio himself served us and was a real treat. You know it's good if he serves it to his own family. Location is off the strip but worth the trip. I highly recommend this place to anyone craving some good Italian food.
5	This place was awesome!!! My boyfriend and I came here on date night, before heading out to a movie. We were in the mood for pizza, tired of little caesars (ugh) and wanting to try something new. We searched for pizza on yelp by rating and poof! This place popped right up. When we arrived it was a packed house, the only tables available were outside and with it being a chilly vegas night, there wasn't a chance we were sitting out there. So we waited. Soon after we decided on and placed our order, a table opened up and the staff cleaned it and seated us promptly. They even brought over this cute little pot of flowers to put on our table that wasn't there before! Nice touch!Since we had already ordered our food we didn't have to wait long before it came out to us. We got a medium sized meat lovers, 10 mild wings, and 2 garlic knots because we just wanted to try them. The wings were my favorite of the food we got. They were lightly breaded and baked so they slightly crunchy and yet so flavorful with the mild sauce. They also served them with ranch and extra mild sauce on the side which we used for more dipping. The pizza was delicious, with that fancy east coast sausage, though I was expecting something...different?...it was more... short, fat and fluffy then I expected I guess hahaha. The garlic knots were good, very fresh (aka very hot) but I thought they were missing a tiny bit of something I couldn't quite figure out. The best thing I would say about this place which is the biggest part of what will definitely keep us coming back was the service. The staff was so incredibly friendly, it felt like a great place to come down with friends or family because that is how they would treat you! Plus, I've got to get me some more wings... oh and try that raved about meatball sub!
5	From top to bottom, delivers and exceeds expectations!  It may be a small family owned business but you can tell they take pride in their work and they were efficient.  I place the call 20 minutes ahead of time for a pickup, arrived exactly when they said it would be ready.  I was instantly greeted with a smile by the owner and shown this monster of a stromboli...it was a full 2 ft in length!!  I was not expecting that.  Anyway, drove home, cut into it and took a bite of glory...it tasted like Italy had stepped into my living room.  Definitely check it out!
5	Amazing food and amazing people who work here! Love the family atmosphere! And the authentic Italian food! Coming back for sure!
4	given latest move, I spend more time at the LVAC gym at Flamingo/215 than the Eastern location.  I have a new rule - when megabucks or Powerball lotto jackpots exceed $100 million, I drive to the NV/Cali border to buy tickets.  well, they are both currently over $100 million so on Wednesday, post work out, I start the drive, but, it is lunch time and since Biaggio's is nearby, how about a few slices to go ?I opt for the two slice soda special costing $6.  While waiting, talked to owner about how long it's been since my last visit.  The owner is a hoot - an old school guy !the slices took a little longer than it should given they were not busy - who knows, maybe it was a fresh pie being cooked.Anyways, the pizza was above average.  First of all, I was appreciated of having bite sized pieces of sausage on top - seems simple enough but last several pizza experiences involved "sausage strips"  not to my liking.  I really liked the crust - thin but not paper thin, had a crunch to it yet also some softness, too. could have used a tad bit more sauce but not a major issue.Overall, worth a return if i'm hankering for pizza post-work out or in the area for other escapades.pic included
5	Excellent food and an owner who is a true gentleman who understands the value of being involved in and takes pride in offering only the best...From quality of food to service...A rare jewel in a sea of mediocrity. Keep up the good work !
5	Amazing pizza, a little expensive but worth it, I had pepperoni and mushroom, awesome
5	Absolutely the best garlic knots I've had so far!!! Great thin crust pizza. I didn't have their strombolis however I did watch it go by my table and those things are huge! I love their sauce very fresh tasting very balanced sweet, tangy and garlicky! My sister had their Italian sub very tasty, fresh bread and meats and veggies. Small restaurant but great people running it very friendly and informative! They also have awesome specials! Definitely recommend! Need to go back to get my garlic knot craving fix! Lol ; )
5	Had the opportunity to check this place out with my group the Las Vegas Pizza Posse this evening, had a GRRREAT experience. From the moment I walked in the door and was greeted by the smell of pizza in the air to the moment I was thanked for stopping in, it was total 5 star treatment. The pizza was delicious. The right mix of the prefect crust, the right amount of some very tasty sauce, some really good tasting cheese and topped with the just the right amount of toppings, and baked up to a nice golden brown. If your looking for something a little out of the ordinary try the "art of chicken" pizza it's delicious. I have to say the service here was fantastic, got to meet the owner Biaggio and he's very gracious, friendly and definitely understands the meaning of good customer service. I'd have to say this place makes it into my top 5 favorite pizzeria's in the Vegas area. Almost forgot, if your looking for the tasty little sweet treat for after your pizza try the zeppoles, our group got an order and they disappeared just like that. I had to get a second order to bring home.
2	I really wish I loved this place as much as everyone else does because it is ridiculously close to where I live. Unfortunately, it fell short of the hype.I ordered delivery from Biaggio's and everything went fine, nice person over the phone, delivery was on time (you'd hope so since I could literally walk there). My gripe was with the pizza itself, along with the side orders I had.I've had pizza in NYC, this is not NYC style. The crust is much thicker, the sauce was thick and the cheese made a hard layer over the top. You know that kind of cheese, that would all just come off in one piece? It was like that. The crust itself had small bumps on the bottom which means it was probably baked in a pizza tray, and not just tossed and slid into the oven. All of this is perfectly acceptable if this is your taste, but it's not for me.I ordered a side salad with Italian dressing, and the salad came topped with olives, cheese, tomatoes and cucumber. The tomatoes were mealy and tasteless because they had been in the fridge for too long. The dressing wasn't as sharp as I'd like and I ended up adding some red wine vinegar at home.I ordered the zucchini sticks specifically because it said "sticks." I hate zucchini rounds, because when they're cut like that, they get overcooked and loose their texture. It also means a lot more breading, and rounds are always breadcrumbs. I like zucchini sticks that are beer battered, and was hoping these would be like that, but knew not to expect the beer batter. I was disappointed, since I was expecting sticks at least.All of these things I think mostly come down to a preference, but I didn't see the same quality everyone else did. I might end up giving this place another try, but with Those Guys also in the vicinity, it'll be tough for me to break away after my first experience.
4	This place was amazing! Super phenomenal customer service, nice atmosphere, and good food!First, I'll talk about the pizza. They were able to split the two we wanted into one pie! Yay! We got buffalo chicken and meat lovers. Both were delish and they were not timid with toppings. The buffalo chicken pizza had a great buffalo sauce on it. The meat lovers has pastrami on it! The wings were super crispy, but not overly greasy. They gave the medium sauce on the side, so that you could pour it yourself or use it as a dip. This is the 1st place I have been to that does that.The garlic knots were good also. Lots of oil or butter at the bottom, but whatever makes it taste yummy, right?! Ha! I think these could have had more garlic on them, but we still ate them all. I haven't tried the other stuff, so I'll be back!I definitely recommend this place! I appreciate the hard work and pride people take in their restaurant and this spot shines!
5	An excellent pizza parlor with personal attention and moderate prices. The owner check with you at your table, greets you and your family and everybody seems to love him. While we were there, a stylist from a nearby business stopped by and had a salad and some pasta. Always a good sign the neighborhood has him as a pivotal business.
5	I work nearby and order their lunch special from time to time. 2 slices and a drink for 6 bucks, or 1 slice and 3 garlic knots and a drink for 6 bucks, can't go wrong either way when I feel like cheating on my diet haha. Everyone is really nice too!
4	This place is great, a nice little intimate setting and a little bit of outdoor seating. Also they have a wide range of pizza toppings. The food is pretty good as well.
5	You haven't been here yet? What, you don't like pizza?!?! Get down here and try this joint, it's without question the best pizza in town. They fresh make their crust, sauce, sausage and more!!!! This is what's for lunch...or dinner
5	It is such a pleasure to be a customer when the owner and staff make you feel wanted and welcome, vs wanting your money!  Each time I call to place a takeaway order and each time I visit makes me smile because I know the other person is smiling too.  The pizza itself is delicious and fresh and boasts a crust that is chewy and crisp (how is that possible?); everything tastes just as good the next day.  Prices are competitive with other pizza joints around town -- a large pizza is $19.99 and is sliced into 8 big pieces -- but you may get MORE for your money here, due to the wonderful customer service included in every order.
5	What an awesome little pizzeria in Vegas. My wife and I looked to yelp to help and this gem came up. We ordered the meat lovers Stromboli with a side salad. The blue cheese dressing is so fresh and delicious. The salad was super fresh and the portion was perfect for a side salad enough for two. The Stromboli was fresh and home made . The ricotta was delicious and the sausage was to die for . No skimping on the meat and cheese. The crust was crunchified deliciousness. The owner is a very nice man, very personable . We will definitely be coming back for more . Don't miss out on this place it's affordable and well worth it.
5	First time experience found them on yelp ordered a meat lovers pizza for delivery pizza came on time and piping hot delicious pizza I will order from them again prompt and courteous service
1	I would give it a zero if I could! We wanted to get some pizza before we headed out to the clubs so we ordered in and got it delivered. we ordered 3 pizzas and it was quite expensive so I was expecting some darn good pizza. however it definitely fell short. it was horrible! cold, crust was hard, all the toppings would fall off. everything was just horrible. I don't see what people like about their pizza because dominos tastes better than them!
5	Awesome...sauce, pie, cheese, toppings....love it.  Kicking myself for not trying sooner.  Biaggio has a special sausage recipe that he uses...absolutely killer!
2	The place was cute and service was great. The pizza was ok at best and calzone was a bit better than the pizza. They don't give you cheese or peppers with your to go order and the sauce tasted watered down. Usually on pizza night the food goes quick. We still have half the pizza and 2/3 of the calzone left. Also , we ordered both pizza and calzone medium, we got home and opened the larger box expecting the pizza, but it was the calzone. Pizza was small for a medium.
5	Loved this place. First off, the service was awesome. Mr. Biaggio was so kind to us. We had a slice of pepperoni and Hawaiian pizza, chicken wings (plain with medium on the side) and a house salad. Everything was soooo delicious. Wings were super crunchy, the pizza was awesome. I would prefer a little More sauce on the pizza and perhaps romaine lettuce instead of iceberg, but that doesn't change the fact that this place is great. I can't even explain how well we were treated.Check them out when you have a chance~
5	Awesome owner! Amazing fresh food! You will not leave hungry. At first I was concerned about the size of the restaurant, but it was perfect. Love the veggie salad and garlic knots!!!
5	Food was fantastic, service was even better. We came to Biaggio's for a team dinner after a soccer tournament.  Mr. Biaggio had reserved the place for us and had nice hot food ready when we got there. The boys ate and ate and ate! I was a little hesitant to go because I have to eat a gluten free diet. Mr. Biaggio catered to my every need. He made me the best gluten free pizza, chicken Caesar's salad and cheesecake.
5	Loved this place. Finally made the trip after hearing all my friends rave about it. Sauce is incredible! No salt or sugar in the sauce makes it extra friendly. Pizza is to die for and the meatballs?? Forget about it! My new favorite place to eat!
5	Brought a team of 14 hungry football players here for there post tournament dinner. Friendly service was only outdone by the great food. Stromboli was excellent and the pizza was awesome! Order half sizes unless you bring a monster appetite.
5	Fantastic place for pizza, calzones, meatball sandwich. We came here for lunch (thanks to yelp) and the rating defenatly matches their food. My kids fell in love with the garlic knots and could not get enough of their pizza as well. We will be coming back for sure.
3	Garlic knots and yummy wings!
5	I eat here every day for lunch. The owner Biaggio treats us wonderfully and the environment is very pleasant. The food is delicious, he goes out of his way to recommend variety that I may like since I do eat there everyday. I recently tried the breakfast pizza, it is fantastic very unique and very, very good. I would and do recommend that anyone eat here, definitely five stars.
5	This is the perfect pizza place with the best pizza ever.  Located in a beautiful suburb of Las Vegas but so worth the trip.  If you miss rush hour it is only 15 minutes from downtown and worth the trip.  My son had the meat lover's pizza.  A beautiful looking pizza that tastes even better than it looks and that's saying a lot.  The sausage we were told was from a old family recipe as were the meatballs.  You have never had sausage like this sausage. My wife had the white pizza and it was delicious too.  I always have pepperoni and olive which was delicious but I think this menu needs to be explored.  Wish I was a local.   We finished the meal by splitting cheesecake to die for.  The cheesecake alone is worth the trip.If you want to get away from the casinos and tourist food and have some real food in a family restaurant, jump in the car, get away from the casino madness, and enjoy a great meal at Biaggio's.    As we sat there it was clear that they treat everybody that comes in as family.  Don't miss it.
5	Erica, the concierge at The Signature at MGM Grand, recommended this amazing pizzeria for us to try.  Absolutely delicious chicken and artichoke pizza made by hand with fresh ingredients.  The chicken wings were unbelievably good, and the high quality oil they use for them provided a wonderful crispness and flavor.  Best of all they deliver!
5	A real pizza at last !! I've been searching for a real good italian pizza for a long time and here's the pizza I've been looking for .... Good food, good service !!!! I'll be back !!!
5	We have been looking for a  pizza place. Been to several but didn't really cut it. We found this place. Didn't really expect much and boy we were surprised! The food was awesome!!! We had wings and the meat pizza with mushroom and onions. The wings were perfect, crispy on the outside, juicy inside! Sauce was good too. The pizza was the best I've had. We met the owner. Very nice man, great service!!! Oh he makes the metballs and sausage!!! You can taste the flavors of each ingredient, perfectly complemented each other! Gonna be back soon!
5	Visiting from California, seriously the best pizza I've ever had. The white pizza is superb, so I definitely recommend that. The restaraunt is very neat & clean which is always a great thing. The price as well wasn't bad compared to some of the places I looked at on yelp. Service was great! The owner was so sweet, came over and talked to us and treated us like friends instead of another person buying some food and shared some info about how he has home made sauce and other such things which makes for great quality pizza. Check it out!
5	My family enjoyed their pizza, baked ziti and most importantly zeppola and canoli's. Highly recommend this family owned business:)
5	Such authentic, home-made marinara sauce that you'll wanna kiss your Italian mamma even if you're not Italian!! Pizza crust is perfecto - no salt or sugar added. Beautiful presentation in the front glass...like art you can eat - arranged to make ya hungry! Like I said, "love on a plate"!
5	They are the best pizza place in the whole Las Vegas. This is my first time to post here since I only use Yelp to look for restaurants and just check a good place to go to. I'm a regular customer since I love their Pizza supreme. I've been going to them at least twice a month for the last 7 months. Everytime I order, the service is great and as usual the food is great too! Today, under some unusual circumstances, there was something wrong with my order. I somewhat got the wrong order and I was not able to check what I got before I left. When I got home, I got the wrong pizza. I called them and was able to talk to John. He apologized and told me he'll deliver the food. But I hesitated and told him I will drive back. As soon as I got there, John gave me my order and apologized. And not just that, he said he voided the charge on my card earlier when I paid and also gave me a $25 dollar gift certificate. I told them they didn't have to. I was not even mad. I will always come back for their food! But they insisted. These guys are amazing! Not only they have the best food but they have the best interest on all their customers. When I went home, I couldn't believe how John (probably he's the owner) was really nice. No wonder all the great reviews here are consistent. By the way, order their chicken wings. It's the best too!
5	Can I give it 100 Stars???  This place is out of this world amazing!We were looking for a pizza place to take our daughter to for her 2nd birthday and got lucky enough to find Biaggio's.The garlic knots and pizza are excellent, and made with the freshest ingredients.  But what truly makes this place stand out is the loving service we got.  I believe it was the owner that made our daughter an order of zeppole and put a candle in it.  He brought it to our table, and sang Happy Birthday to Gia.  (Thank you Mr. Biaggio!)We will make sure to visit this place every time we are in Vegas!  If you are lucky enough to live in the area, this should be your go to pizza place if it isn't already.This place is everything you could hope for.
5	It was almost three years since I had last been to Biaggio's, but I found both the food, atmosphere, and Mr. Biaggio himself to be as engaging as ever.  My dinner began with a rather large Small Side Salad with suitably tangy Italian Dressing that featured Iceberg Lettuce, fresh tomato wedges, Black Olives, and squares of Mozzarella Cheese.  It was a refreshing way to start the meal.Next up were warm and doughy Garlic Knots with a buttery sheen.  The knots were also large in circumference, and simply excellent in taste.   A large New York style 16-inch Sausage, Mushroom, & Sliced Tomato Pizza sported mild sausage, fresh circular slices of all-red tomato, and good-sized cuts of fresh mushrooms, and included a nice balance of sauce and cheese, as well as Parmesan splinters sprinkled on top of the Mozzarella Cheese.  The crust was perfectly cooked where it was just beginning to char.  And, this pizza reheated very well in a home oven for lunch the next day, which is a sign of a superior pizza.Diane enjoyed a large Ham & Cheese Pizza with extra cheese, and our other dining companions split a Cheese Pizza.  Spongy Zeppoles with White Frosting and Raspberry Sauce rounded out a very fine meal.  I will no longer wait anywhere close to three years before I next return here.
4	My first time eating their food and everything was great. Since it was my first time I was offered 20% off my order. I ordered their white pizza with sausage and pepperoni and their wings. Everything tasted very good. Only thing I have to complain about is that for $1 a wing, the wings were rather small in my opinion. That's definitely not a deal breaker. They've secured my business.
4	I really liked it. They use fresh stuff and the guy is so friendly.I like italian pizza so i was so happy with that.
1	A little disappointed because it had so many stars. We just ordered a large calzone, garlic knots, zucchini sticks & a small specialty pizza - totaling $55. The zucchini sticks were good but the rest, not very. The other ingredients were good but the dough/bread tasted like it was a week old French bread which kind of ruined the whole meal seeing how this meal was mostly composed of dough/bread. We won't be ordering from here again and especially for that price...sorry :(
3	There Stromboli meatball had too much Garlic in the ricotta cheese.
5	Great pizza, crust is perfect, not too thin or thick. Sauce is simple (other place put too much or too little). Staff is always friendly and helpful!
4	Top notch service with delicious pizza and mouthwatering wings. With friendly service, I couldn't ask for a better experience.
1	Unfortunately, our experience didn't live up to the reviews we read. We were the only customers in the restaurant when we walked in. During our entire experience, the owner was sitting across from us and didn't acknowledge the poor service we had. We ordered the pizza and meatball sub since we read all about it on this website. Pizza came out and it was ok. Nothing special. I grew up in NY and it's definitely not close to what you get there. So our next hope was the meatball sub except it never came! Once they brought the pizza out, no one ever came back over to refill drinks, etc. When we finished eating, the waitress finally came over and my husband said "so I guess we aren't getting our meatball sub?" She goes oh and walks away, says something to the owner and he says to her "you took the order". We ask for our bill and walk out. There was no apology for the oversight from the waitress or the owner. Needless to say, with subpar food and poor service we won't be back. An experience we were looking forward to definitely ended up to be pretty disappointing.
4	Gluten free pizza!  It's been a few years since I've been able to have pizza out so this is a real treat.  I've tried to make GF pizza at home with some success but I really enjoyed theirs. We got the GF Supreme Pizza which has a thin crust, really good sauce, caramelized onions, mushrooms, pepperoni, sausage and peppers.  Also got it delivered using the online ordering- very easy and seamless, arrived in about an hour.  I am looking forward to trying the other GF dinner options they offer as well.  Husband has Celiac and he didn't get any kind of reaction so I really appreciate that- Thank you Biaggio's!
5	PHENOMENAL! I would give it as may stars as possible. The service was awesome as was the food, it's not just some little pizza joint, it's simply the best pizza joint in the valley. The owner and his staff should train other restaurants on how to take of their customer's. If your a local and haven't eaten at BIAGGIOS, it should be your next stop! Again I will just say the whole experience was  PHENOMENAL!
4	Great pizza for takeout. Love the veggie pizza and the meat lovers. Great crust, sweet tomato sauce. They are not skimpy on the toppings. Garlic knots were really really good. I also really loved the chicken wings with the hot sauce....my lips felt it for a while.For take out and very decent prices (well at least compared to San Francisco prices) you cannot beat Biaggio's
5	Better than Metro, and 1/2 the $!Okay so I just moved to this area a few weeks ago, so I checked yelp to see where the good places to eat around here are. Saw the reviews, had to find out for myself.I've been disappointed in the "quality" of good pizza places in Vegas since I moved here 4 years ago. Every place either had bad pizza, or was just too expensive. Biaggio's finally broke that trend. Great pizza, awesome ingredients, and Biaggio himself came over to my table to make sure that everything turned out okay. I got to tell him that I worked at a church, so he told me that if I brought the kids by he would hook us up with a deal. That always means a lot to me when someone runs a great business, and cares about the community!Only downfall to the place is that it's the chick fil a of pizza places. (not open on Sunday) Also I would probably never go there to watch any sporting event, because of the lack of viewable T.V.'sAnyway I give it 5 stars. I base that on: quality of the pizza, service/owner, and the garlic knots (you're not getting the whole experience if you don't get them)
2	Service is excellent & very friendly. Establishment was clean.Value is good... $5.99 for 2 large slices and a drink.Pizza is average. We ordered the pineapple & ham slices, which were ok. I ordered the "Art of Chicken" which consisted of diced white meat chicken, artichokes, peppers, garlic and black olives. The picture shown in the restaurant was nothing close to what I got. The toppings were piled on after, on a sauceless cheese slice. I guess this is how they customize each plain slice. What bothered me the most was the smell of dirty dish rag that kept wafting from the pizza or was it the parmesan cheese shaker? It was hard to say. I didn't enjoy it at all, but luckily I did get a backup slice of cheese as my 2nd pick. The cheese slice was good, but swimming in a pool of grease. Be careful not to splash it on your clothing like I happened to do.I wish I enjoyed it more as the people in there were very nice and kept asking, "was it delicious?". I didn't have the heart to say "no...", so I just nodded.There is a certain smell of garlicky sauce, a hot pizza oven, etc. when you first walk into a really good pizza place that unfortunately Biaggio's lacked.
5	The Supreme pizza is delicious!!! This place is a hidden gem! Can't wait to come back and try their other specialty pizzas.
5	Grabbed two pizzas for take out. Place is kinda small but staff very friendly. I was offered a free drink while I waited which was really nice. Waited maybe 12-15 min. Pretty quick. Had the chicken artichoke pizza which was amazing and a supreme pizza which was great as well. Zeppole for dessert....these were incredible!! Soooooo addictive. Huge order too. Was a bit pricey but for gourmet pizza, it was worth it. I would definitely order again!
1	The pizza was terrible the sauce was sh**, the cheese was gross, and the topics were gross. The mozzarella sticks were not melted and tasted badThe garlic knots were bland and had dough that seemed microwaved
5	I have to agree with everyone else here and say this place is awesome. There were and still are so many things I want to try. There was 4 of us and they all felt the same way so we kinda ordered a variety of things and split it. Meatball Sub, Chicken Parm Sub, Meat Pizza, and White Pizza. I have to say without a shadow of a doubt that the meatball sub was the best I have ever had to date, the chicken parm was delish and the pizza was just above average but not the best I have had. I want to try their Italian Sub. Per the pics it look delish.
1	I was a frequent patron for two years and I  have posted positive reviews on Yelp (often at Biaggio's request) and positive reviews on the local gluten free yahoo group as well.  BUT, I have used the delivery service only twice, and BOTH times they messed up my simple order, the second time sending a regular, non-gluten free pizza, which of course I could not eat. I live an hour away, so waiting for another wasn't practical. I decided to give them another chance tonight, but I wanted to speak with Biaggio personally first and let him know about the mistakes on the deliveries and help make sure it didn't happen again. I told him I would be upset if it happened again, and jokingly said I would post a bad review on Yelp if they messed it up. Instead of apologizing, he defended the restaurant saying, "It's just a pizza and people make mistakes. I'm going to decline your order and wish you on your way." Ironically, he was upset that I didn't call and speak to him about the mistakes(at the time), but this is actually what I was just doing and he refused to let us eat there anymore as punishment. Turns out the service isn't that great after all! Fortunately there's no shortage of restaurants in Las Vegas.
5	New to Vegas, I picked this place solely because it was close and convenient. What a great surprise! We just got pizza to go but it was some of the best I've had; hot, fresh ingredients and perfect thin crust. Will definitely be eating here again!
5	Biaggios is the absolute best pizza on the west side of town. He has the best doughs, sides and the value you can't beat. The owner is one of the nicest people ever. He definitely tries to take care of you. Definitely recommend!
5	Biaggio's is delicious!! This our 2nd visit and we love it! We ordered the supreme Stromboli and a large pepperoni and sausage pizza. My kids ate it all up and loved it! Mr. Biaggio takes such great care of his customers, he is so friendly and always goes above and beyond. He gave all 4 of my kids ice cream and one of my boys wanted meat lovers pizza so he made 2 of the slices on the pizza meat lovers just for him! We will be back over and over again!!
5	Walked in with elderly Uncle after hearing aids check next door. Uncle is from Philadelphia, pizza and meatball subs are an issue for debate in his family. We had lunch special, 2 slice pizza and meatball sub with drink. Excellent! Uncle was delighted. Clean, great service, had cannoli for dessert, excellent!
5	Came here after a basketball game with 10 little boys and families (here from California). They were more than pleased to accommodate us. Not only did we get the best pizza we received the best service.  The older gentleman came out and spoke with all of us to see if all was good. He was so sweet. He came out with zeppoles and a sugar pizza for dessert for the boys. We left full and satisfied. Great food accompanied by great service.  If your in town and close by, a definite place to check out..Thank you for a great experience
5	My son and his basketball team were near Bishop Gorman HS, playing at the FAB 48 Tournament. After the game, we wanted to have a pizza party. I found this little gem on Yelp, just a few miles from the school. This small little pizza joint, hidden in a shopping center, was fabulous. We ordered salads, pizza, wings, and the garlic knots. Everything was made fresh and was delicious. The owner and his workers served us with friendly faces and made sure everything was fine. We were also treated to dessert. I highly recommend this place!
5	Pizza and wings are delicious.  Such a friendly establishment.  The owner was so welcoming and appreciative.  Highly recommend this place.
3	1st timer... 2 slice Lunch special w drink. Good deal.
3	We were starving and roaming around late at night hoping to find some food. Alas,  Pizzeria was still open for another hour. I think it was 1 am maybe? Anyway, we ordered the margherita with kalamata olives, just expecting a regular pizza. It was around $18. Wooo weee those kalamata olives MADE that pizza. It was fantastic! The crust was super thin and the sauce had a great taste . We took it up to our room and devoured that thing. Actually we left 2 pieces but I ate them for breakfast the next morning because it was still that good
3	We took delivery. Kids ate it all. They are pretty vocal and they said it was excellent.I didn't care for it so much. It was a good pizza, but not great.Delivery took almost an hour, but the pizza arrived lukewarm and the crust lost it's crispiness and the cheese went a little soggy.At $60 for a medium pizza and two smalls tax and delivery surcharge, I expected more.
5	We got here right before it closed and I was worried it would not be as good at the end of the day... BOY was I wrong!! The salad was so cold and fresh the garlic knots..Well let's just say bring me another round!!! and the Pizza was excellent.. We will only go here for pizza from now on!!
5	We were in Las Vegas for a convention, and one of our vendors took a group of about 50 out on a  bus tour of the area, and we stopped at Biaggio's for dinner.  Mr Biaggio met us at the door and welcomed us warmly.  He had basically shut down his restaurant to accommodate us.  He set up a buffet with chicken wings (very meaty) and garlic knows (woooo, very good!), and about 6 different kinds of pizza on a buffet.  I loved the BBQ pizza, and the Hawaiian was excellent.If I go to Vegas again, I'll definitely make time for Biaggio's!  Thanks!
1	Was craving good pizza, decided to try this place based on yelps 4 1/2 star review.   Ordered take out,  small mushroom, garlic, onion,  sausage and 4 wings just to try it out.   Pizza: literally could count each of the toppings on the pizza. Cheap with their toppings!!!  Pizza was ok, not 4 star in my book.  Was not the kind of pizza where you eat the 1st slice and it kept you wanting more.  Tasted a bit doughy, maybe cause there wasn't enough sauce, or toppings.  Wings: was good but wasn't "the bomb" like the person that took my order made it out to be.  Ranch was additional charge.   Did not come with it.Would I go back...no.  This place is nothing out of the ordinary,  not worth the trip.  Much rather go to Custom Built Pizza where the toppings actually cover the pizza.  They are both ok pizza, but if I had to choose between the two.   Custom Built would be my choice due to the fact that of the generous toppings.  Grimaldi's still have the best tasting pizza.  Just don't like that its so thin.
4	My daughter really likes the pizza here. Overall they have all been great. Once we added mushrooms to a pizza and they were chopped and it was an overwhelming amount. Extremely too many, we ended up scraping it off. Lesson learned, they are generous with their toppings! We've had the Philly cheesesteak with French fries and they were both good. Sandwich is extremely greasy, it soaks into the bottom loaf. I've had them less greasy but it expected. Cheesecakes were pretty good as well. Customer service is great. Everyone is friendly and delivery is usually sooner than quoted.
5	Biaggio's catering saved my LadiesLunchCon [DEFCON 22]. There's so much more to it.  I am still so very incredibly wiped from my visit to Las Vegas.  But. What I can say now, before I update this review is: We had so many more guests than I'd anticipated.  Many were paleo, vegetarian, and gluten free in diet.  Biaggio's covered all of us.  He simply charged a flat rate for my group size, and said: Ivy, leave your worries to us. We understand the diversity of diet, and we've got you covered.  I was skeptical, but -- O M G did Biaggio deliver above and beyond.... Yes, he did.  For a flat catering rate, we received a greek salad, buffalo chicken wings, fried mushrooms and zucchinis, delicious gluten free pizzas, and delicious knotted pastries filled with cheese, marinara and the works!Next #LadiesLunchCon -- Biaggio, We'll see you in August.  I really hit the jackpot finding you in this wild and dusty desert.  Thank you from Ivy and the team -- from the very bottom of our  hearts.
5	Great friendly service!  My cheat day was better then expected! It's absolutely a must! Get the white pizza!
4	I love this place and so did my little boys tummy,  I didn't give them 5 stars because there dough is a little I guess id say doughy instead of crunchy lol I'm so glad they offer gluten free pizza. Finally my boy can eat pizza with us!! Thanks to this pizza joint!!
5	Huge gluten free variety, personable staff, fantastic food. All very homestyle. I left very impressed. A small culinary treasure.
3	Food was good but was blown away by how they charge $.99 a wing, I needed up getting g two meatball subs, 6 garlic knots and 30 wings . Total came out to $65.   My only advice is to make sure you really want wings if that's what you order, better off going to wing stop.
5	On my latest outing here I was hankering for my favorite meal, Spaghetti & Meatballs, besides wanting to dive into a superior New York style pizza.  So I didn't refrain from ordering both.A fine side salad with Italian Dressing got things off to a nice start.  This was then followed by a large portion of Spaghetti & Meatballs, seasoned with onions, and well executed with fine saucy flavoring.  And, the Pepperoni, Mushroom, & Sliced Tomato Pizza with Grande Cheese that immediately followed was suitably saucy and cheesy, and adorned with all fresh and tasty toppings.  Moreover, the perfectly cooked pizza crust was of the thin variety while still allowing for chomping toothsome bites, and individual slices were nice and springy when hand held.It was a very satisfying dinner, as well as a reheated pizza lunch at home the next day!
5	We love this place! Excellent food and even better service. It's our new favorite pizza place.
5	Great pizza and super great service.  Will definitely go again next time in Vegas.Young shaved headed great looking guy you treated us like gold, thank you again!
5	Went here for the first time on 9-5-14, the meatball parm hero is every bit as good as others have stated. Their pizza is excellent as well. Highly recommend,  will be back
5	This place is AMazing!! My favorite pizza place !! the people that work and owner are one of a kind. Great service and food.
1	I tried Biaggio's for the first time last night. I ordered a large two topping pizza & a small order of garlic knots. The person on the phone quoted me 45 minutes & my order arrived within minutes of the quoted time. The garlic knots were in a brown paper bag on top of the pizza box. The bottom half of the bag was dark & wet from spilled butter. I opened the pizza box & there was a puddle of grease on top of it. My food tasted ok but was barely warm. It cost me $30 for my order. Next time I think I'll just have frozen pizza instead.
4	We decided to give this place another try. We ordered a pizza and it turned out pretty good! The dough/bread tasted fresh and it didn't have an old aroma/texture to it this time. Thanks!
5	Stopped in for a quick lunch and the service was great, great lunch specials.  Pizza was fresh and made just the way you wanted it.  The house made sausage is great, perfect topping to any pizza.
1	Too greasy. Ordered a thin crust pepperoni... Had to soak up the grease. Ordered delivery yet had us walk outside to his car to get it. 4 girls not one fan! Will not be ordering again!
5	Still amazing, since my first review I have ordered about 5 times at least. I recommend this place to a friend that is a pizza snob, mind you I know nothing about pizza I mean of course I know the difference between homemade style and Pizza Hut. Anyway my friend is from the east coast he was blown away, he told me i was spot on. Great place worth the money, it tastes like heaven.
5	Best pizza in Vegas! Family business, if you go to eat there Biaggio will probably come out to chat, really kind guy. If not, they'll deliver anywhere in the whole city. I hardly ever eat salad but I can't help it here. The salads are always so fresh and delicious, but the pizza!!! Gotta try it.
5	Awesome customer service!!! Came in with a party of 13. Owner came out and made us feel like family. Delicious food!!!
5	Great local pizza spot! Everything is delicious and freshly made. Friendly family owned business with great service, this is my new pizza spot, I will be returning with friends! :-)
1	Over priced mediocre food. Lousy service and terrible location. Just order Pizza Hut your stomach will thank you!!
5	First I've got to point out the great service. We ate in the restaurant. All the ingredients in the pizza tastes very fresh. Sauce cheese ratio was on point.
5	Great food and service. Try the meat lovers pizza, it's amazing!! And the homemade meatballs are so dang good. It's our new family Friday pizza night destination.
3	Not going to go into too much detail on this one. Have tried it twice. Great customer service, super nice people, just a great atmosphere. Wings are nothing special, and .99 a piece regardless of order. Pizza is super greasy, and the sauce tastes much like the bargain brand marinara sauce you can get at Costco. Crust isn't too bad, but a tad bit doughy in places. Again, only second visit so take with a grain of salt. Just nothing better than the chains and more expensive, so...
5	What a great little pizzeria!! Their pizza pie was tasty loved the sauce.  I really want to go back and try the garlic knots they looked amazing.
5	Great pizza!  Great service!  For sure a 'go-to' pizza in Summerlin, dine in or delivery
2	I am not impressed. The pizza, garlic knots, meatballs zeppole were decent, but nothing to write home about. The worst part was the spaghetti and meatballs dinner I ordered. I asked for sauce on the side, which they did. But they gave me a minuscule portion of spaghetti (not even enough for a child's portion IMO and it was hard and had obviously been sitting. There was literally more sauce than pasta. The side salad with grilled chicken is $3 more than without, so I assumed they must give a decent sized piece of chicken with it. You know what they say when you assume, right? There was maybe half a cutlet's worth or pre-frozen, microwave grilled chicken (think McDonald's kind) on it. So all in all, I paid almost $20 ($12 for the spaghetti and $7 for the salad) for what amounts to a child's portion of food (half of which was inedible). We got the food maybe 30 minutes before closing, so when I called to let them know I figured we could just work it out next time (we were happy with everything else) but the phone just rang and rang. We will definitely go somewhere else next time.
5	This place is the best. The owner knows my name I go so often. I have never had a problem. The food is amazing. All fresh ingredients.The first time my friends and I walked in, everyone made us feel like family. I hope this small business is able to make it!
2	Ordered from Biaggio's because they offer gluten free pizza and one person in our group has Celiac's.  Here's how the night went..."Hey, what should we order for dinner?" "Let's try Biaggio's, I know they have gluten free pizza.""Cool, we'll get one gluten free and one for the regular folk...who can eat real food."We called and ordered one gluten free pizza and one large with half "Art of Chicken" and half "White Pizza."  They said it would be about 50-55 minutes.An hour and ten minutes later, I called to check on the pizza..."Hey, yeah, so it's been over an hour, just checking to see what the deal is..."Pizza guy: "Oh...let me check...ok, 10-15 minutes."Me: "10-15 minutes for it to BE here or for it LEAVE there?"Him: "10-15 minutes."Me: "Ok..."...another 30 minutes goes by, we call back again and they're allegedly "on the way."  Pizza finally arrived and as it turns out, they gave us the whole order for free.  Unfortunately, the food was pretty mediocre overall.  I'm giving them two stars for comping the meal.
5	Some of the best Italian pizza I've ever had in Vegas and good customer service. 5 stars
1	I have eaten at Biaggios a couple times but I have to say their food maybe average but definitely very over priced. I ordered chicken finger my order came with 3 pieces and no fries so I ordered a side if fries they were $4 and I was do unimpressed $15 dollars later for this tiny meal i will not go back.
5	I am from Brooklyn, New York, and I approve of this Pizzeria. I am very picky with my pizza growing up in NY, although Biaggio's is the best New York Pizza in Vegas, hands down. Mr. B, the owner, has a true passion for pizza and it definitely shows!!
5	WOW! Super clean restaurant. This food is amazing!!!! We had salads, pizza, Zitti, and fried dough!!!  Each dish seemed better than the one before it.  The owner so obviously cares whether or not the food is to your liking!!  He warmly welcomes you as you come in the door and keeps you laughing while you're eating!!  Wonder if he'd let me move in?
5	This is one of the best places to go to in Vegas, the people there have a great attitude, the food is excellent, and place has awesome service A++++++++ all the way. The owner operator is one of the nicest people you'll ever meet in your life, I highly recommend   this place!!!
