4	You shouldn't be allowed to have this much fun. I mean, wow. Tents after tents with people offering you all the bourbon and whiskey and beer that you can stand. All of that is included in the entry fee and this year I decided to upgrade to a VIP ticket, which gets you earlier (12:00) and slightly more exclusive entry into the festival. Because after 2:00, it starts to get a bit crowded.It wouldn't be fair to try to name the various spirits and beers that were on offer, because I know that I would miss some of them. It's a great opportunity to try a few things that you would otherwise never think of. Different whiskeys, double bourbons, odd and unusual beers. I had a strawberry beer (yeah, man card revoked) that was interesting as well as a coffee-flavored tequila. Completely out of my normal alcohol comfort zone.Oh, and there's food. The food, sadly, isn't included in the "all-inclusive" price. Bummer, because I sure would have loved a nibble of this and a taste of that. Instead, it's lots of smoked and fried and sugared and sauced yumminess but unless you have a massive stomach, it's probably only one. So pick well. And if you have an issue with whole pigs on spits, you may want to skip it. I think it's a bit gross, but hey, that's just me.Recorded and live music from the bandshell is loud enough that you can hear it, but not so much that it drowns out a normal conversation as you decide which of these amazing vendors needs a second (or third) visit.Tip: If you are not wobbly when you leave, you're not doing it right. Turn around and go back for more. And don't be an idiot - get someone else to drive!Fantastic time, I strongly recommend!
3	All in all a great time. I mean how can you go wrong with unlimited beer and liquor? First they give you a glass to carry around to sample (yes a actual glass made of. . .glass! They trust us so much) Then its a free for all, about 50 companies are represented here, so theres plenty to sample. With so much variety there aren't a lot of long lines, which gives you the opportunity to sample a great deal. Room for improvement: The biggest let down was the food. With a name like "Beer, Bourbon, and BBQ" you think they would have a lot of all 3, not so much of the last one. Handful of BBQ vendors and hardly any BBQ samples. I figured it would be like how they did the alcohol and there would be a bunch of food vendors set up and you could go around and get different samples of BBQ and other grilled items. Bathrooms, if you are going to have a big drinking event have lots of toilets, duh. There were only about 15 or so port a potties and usually you waited in line for about 10 minutes to use one. Last thing, I would have liked to see more of the vendors that had sampling of liquors have mixers. A lot did, but most ran out, or just didnt have any at all. While I enjoy liquor I don't care for it straight. A good time though and I definitely drank $35 worth of booze.
5	This is one of my favorite festivals in Charlotte. The combination of Beer and Bourbon is great!  There are also a few other liquor vendors that add to the nice mix. The lines are just long enough that you have time to sip your beer as you wait. Symphany Park is the perfect location with the stage, lake and plenty of shade for the warmer times. The parking at South Park mall allows for adequate and safe parking for such a large event. You do have to pay for the food but Mac's speedshop always has a Food Truck out and their BBQ is the best in town!
3	I've been to my fair share of beer fests but never a Beer, Bourbon & BBQ fest. So imagine my excitement when I was able to get my hands on some VIP tickets! We showed up right around 12:00. There was a fairly long line of people wearing neon colored wrist bands. We got our ID's checked and we joined the line of thirsty patrons. In exchange for a small ticket, they hand you your sampling glass. About half the festival was laid out on the parking lot with the rest opening out to the park. It was a warmer day, so the shade that the trees provided were a welcome refuge. Many people brought their own blankets, folding chairs and some even had coolers. There were a few people with pretzel necklaces and even a guy in costume. Various vendor tents handing out swag filled in the spaces between sampling tents. Our fair city's CM was out there too! I'm glad that we were able to get the VIP tickets for the extra hours (12-2) before the general admission crowd is let in. The lines grew substantially after 2pm and vendors had already run out of things by then (like the high end bourbon table). If you want to beat the crowds and have the full gamut of choices, spend the extra $10 on the VIP tickets. So, why three stars you may ask? My biggest complaint mirrors that of Mac K's, how are you going to call a festival Beer, Bourbon and BBQ and only represent two of three things... There was plenty of beer & bourbon (and other spirits) but there were only two BBQ vendors (Queen City Q and one I don't remember the name of) and no samples. Luckily, they offered re-entry and you could just walk over to the mall for more food options (and bathrooms & air conditioning!). If you are a beer and bourbon fan, it's worth attending. I just wasn't wowed enough to pay the ticket price for next year.
4	Plenty of beer, bourbon and other kinds of liquor (rum, whiskey, Kahlua, wine) all over the place... Which was awesome... There were a couple vendors offering samples of food, but barring that, there were only a few places that had BBQ...  I guess it seems implied that you would be tasting an insane amount of food included with the ticket price as well, but alas...  The freebies they did offer were a good quality and the rest of the food you could purchase was the regular, delicious but horrible for you fare... Philly cheesesteaks, ribbon fries, funnel cakes... You know, the good stuff...  My favorite part? The Pucker Sno-Cones... Yep, sno-cones with alcohol... Crazy, right?  But totally worth it...  Also, you could go next door to the mall for potty breaks because they offered re-entry... Absolutely fabulous for me... I love indoor plumbing... Love it...If you're heat sensitive, I would definitely prepare for that... Even though the sun dodged in and out of clouds for a bit and I drank an insane amount of water to stay hydrated, I still wound up with a heat headache... I know better and I totally should have worn a hat...
4	Second time for the this festival in Charlotte, The first time I only stayed for the first two VIP  hours and left . This time I stay for the whole festival.  The festival in a whole is put together well. Well laid out and in a perfect venue, ( although more bathrooms at the back by the music would be appreciated) Music is also great..some live and some recorded . I don't think there is a difference between the VIP and the regular tickets anymore. Nothing extra is given and the amount of people was overwhelming through out the day. I paid extra because it had stated that VIP people would get to sample food and drink and get extra special treatment.  Although their was some food tiny samples, it was nothing that a regular ticket did not already get you. Now on to the Bourbon..that was great ..Lines were not too long..lots of choices..New and improved kinds..the people pouring were fairly knowledgeable about the flavor and what to mix it with or drinking it straight. Its perfect that you are  allowed to bring in chairs and food. You for sure need a DD, and I think they should have a CAB Stand so that people who felt they could drive ( Dopes) could change their mind and take a cab. It took us about 40 minutes to wait for the cab we called. Like I said..good festival..VIP tickets need to include some VIP treatment or Swag...otherwise  I would rate it SMOOTH..Like a Fine Bourbon!!
5	So much more than beer, bourbon & BBQ, great experience!
1	I am extremely surprised that this festival is getting some decent reviews. Everyone that I know of that went seems to be disappointed. I paid $45 to get into the festival and feel that I may have had $20 worth of beer and bourbon. With the NC Brewer's festival being on the same day, I wish I went to that festival instead.One thing I will agree with is that they had a good amount of bourbon and the lines were super short for them. But then again, who wants to drink a lot of heavy liquor at 2pm. That would not make for a long day. I personally went more for the beer. I felt that the beer selection was for the most part, very basic. It consisted of beers that you can get at the grocery store. The lines were also very long and for the most part the porers only poured a half a glass. So it left you in line without something to drink for a good amount of time. It appeared that the porers worked for the company running the festival and not the brewery's or distilleries. Most it seemed did not even know what they were pouring. Some of the signs for the types of beer were also off. So you could be standing in line for sometime to get a particular beer and when you get up there it would be a different kind of beer. If you stand in line for a stout and when you get up there they only have a wheat beer, and you do not drink wheat beers it can be a little frustrating and a waste of time. I do honestly think I am being a little over opinionated on this one, but for $45 it was a complete rip off. If this festival was about $20-$25 then it would be well worth it.As for the BBQ, I can not write a review. They only had two BBQ vendors and one ran out of food shortly after 3pm. So then the line at the other vendor was ridiculous. With not wanting to wait in the line and being hungry, we actually had to leave the even to go get food.The one cool thing about the even was the other vendors they had there. They had all kinds of vendors selling cigars, sauces, salsas, popcorn, peanuts etc. It made the even a lot more fun but for $45 I did expect a lot more.
1	Shocked that anyone would go to this.  There should be a negative star rating.  Just moved here from Chicago, so maybe I expect too much from street festivals but this was awful!  The BBQ was not good at all, there were only 2 options and one of them actually RAN OUT OF BBQ halfway through.  The lines for BBQ were like 50 people long.  Then you get a shot glass to sample the beers and proceed to stand in a 10 person line for each single swallow of beer.  Super lame. There were no bands or anything else fun.  Then they have a cigar tent so I was inhaling nasty cigar smoke the whole time.  Do yourself a favor and take a pass on this on!
4	got rained on at least 4 times, great crowd and good vibe. I decided I would stick to Bourbon and water. I have been to my share of outdoor events to know not to wear heels, boots, tight clothes, shoes I paid a fortune for, sheer clothing or God forbid all linen unless you are feeling totally fit and yo stuff be Tight and right (I am working on it)  it was perfect. I also got to sample 4-5 bourbons, and my friend and I loved the ".Mystic Lemonade" Mac's was the best Pulled pork and Rich AKA Godzilla had a Fabulous roast Pork like us Cubans love to eat. Tip for next year:There was a long line for the bathroom until it stormed then it slows down, either P before or wait till it rains.Don't wear tight clothes, thank you shoes with high heels or pointy toes.Look for single Malt Scotch or Bourbon, always try the select!
4	Back again after two years and just as good as before. After two visits, I have a list of tips and suggestions for attendees:Get the VIP tickets. These get you in at 12:00 instead of the 2:00 "general admission." It starts to get very crowded after 2:00 - the waits to get samples are much longer and the free tschotchkies are mostly gone.At least this year, they were not "sold out" of VIP tickets at 12:00. Some folks were buying tickets at the gate.Bring ID. If nothing else, you must have proof you are over 21. Yes, even if your friends call you "Gramps" or "Pops" you'll still need to prove it.You do not have to get there at 11:00 and wait in line. If you arrive at 11:00, you'll get in at 12:00. If you arrive at 11:45, you'll get in at 12:05. If you arrive at 12:00, you'll get in at 12:10. There's no need to wait in line!Parking, on the other hand, dries up as 12:00 approaches. Consider parking early, then hitting up one of the restaurants nearby for brunch.Check the weather and bring a poncho. By the time the rain starts, you might not be able to get a 'Yelp' one from the CM! Sunscreen and a hat are also recommended.If you have a folding chair, bring it and set up in the shade. No one's gonna steal it. After a while, you'll want to sit down.You will not get arrested inside the event no matter how drunk you get, as long as you are not belligerent. If you are one of *those* drunks then you'll get tossed.There are a very few samples of food for free. Everything else is not included with admission. Most of those vendors only accept cash. So bring cash.Either have a designated driver or arrange a taxi or Lyft or Uber.And most importantly, have fun. Try things you wouldn't ordinarily try. Like the organic strawberry beer? Sure, why not. And also enjoy the tequila, bourbon, scotch, vodka (French vodka??) and tons of beers of all varieties!
4	Beer, Bourbon and BBQ. That's one threesome I'm down to be a part of. What do you need to know?-There's not a ton of free BBQ samples, so plan on spending money on food there. -You will get drunk. Plan accordingly. Uber, DD, cab, something. -To VIP or not to VIP... VIP. Definitely worth it to take advantage of everything before the general admission crowd gets there. -You can bring chairs. There's a nice tree and shade area. -Drink water in the AM. A lot of it. You're going to be boozing all day. It will be super warm outside.-Stop by the Yelp tent. Yes, that's a shameless plug for myself. -Leave the kids at home. BBB is such a fun festival that keeps getting better each year. Can't wait to be a part of it all again next year!
4	Great beer.
