3	Good post office, but what really grinds my gears is that I had 3 packages sitting on the desk of a postal supervisor for 3 days.  I had to call down here on my own to find out that they were being kept at the post office.  Everything worked out but I was still a tad peeved that they mail carrier wouldn't have just tried to deliver to me.
1	The workers are the only decent aspect of this office. Living in the service area for 2+ years, I have never entered and exited the office in less then 30 minutes. There is only ever 1 service worker at the window even when there is a line that extends out of the lobby. Peak times like lunch & after work are so crowded that it is best to avoid them all together.
2	An interaction I had with a postal worker at this site is pretty telling of the experience you will have here.Me:  Do you have any of the Mary and Jesus Christmas stamps?Worker:  No, they didn't make anything like that for Christmas.Me:  What do you mean?  I bought some at another post office and they had them.Worker:  Oh, do you mean the mother and child stamps?Me:  Yes.Worker:  Oh, I didn't know that was supposed to be Mary and Joseph.Me:  OK, can I have a book of those?Worker:  No, we are sold out of those.Me:  I want Christmas stamps.  What other options do you have for Christmas stamps?Worker:  Well, we have these great Harry Potter stamps.Because nothing says Christmas like Harry Potter!  Especially when they still had three other Christmas stamp options...That story aside, this office is walking distance from where I work so I have been here several times.  That is the only positive about this location.  Every time I have been there, there were long lines and long wait times.  Usually there is only one counter open.  And that counter is behind thick glass.  Probably bullet proof.  Makes you feel really safe to be doing business there...  Anyway, every time that there has been a long line, there were at least two or three other clerks visible behind the glass.  Not sure what they were doing, but it certainly would have been helpful for them to actually assist the growing line of customers.  Perhaps the worst experience here was when a cashier had to go on lunch break.  She started counting down her drawer and closed down despite there being about 15 people in line.  If you know there is a long line, can't you take lunch a little later and help all these people?Don't visit this post office unless you don't have any other options or don't mind spending most of your lunch hour in line.
