5	LifeXMD is a physician supervised vitality program that offers nutritional, supplements, and prescription medication to achieve life goals.  Therapies include treatment for weight loss, andropause, and anti-aging.
1	I agree with the above review by hui k. This place is a scam and very unprofessional. They do not care of their patients and all they are concerned is about how much u spend. I was advised to complete a blood test prior to coming for my first visit, which I did. Based on my results they prescribe you certain medication. It was way 2 expensive but I agreed on getting it anyways. The medication is shipped to u from out of town. On top of everything you pay an additional $40 for shipping and $40 for the doctor to write the prescription. He got a shady doctor in his office who charges $100+ for a 5 minute consultation (the $40 for writing the script is on top the $100 u pay).  You do not even want to know how much medication costs. During my first visit Michael Anderson wanted me to spread the word at my department about his facility, which I didn't do because the prices are way 2 high. He continued harassing  me via text-message to get my buddies to his office over and over again. Its not like i have them lined up ready to go to his office. It is not my job as the patient to promote your business and/or bring new customers!!! That is his job!! Several months later when I was due for a new blood test and prescription refill I contacted Michael Henderson. He wrote me a prescription for blood work and advised me that he is going to contact me to come to his office for another evaluation. The blood work is about $2000 and with insurance i paid $200. He never called. Imagine that! I got copies of my 1st n 2nd blood results and compared them on my own. I contacted his office again and left messages but no1 got back to me (ever). They just left me hanging. Why? I don't know. Maybe cause I wasn't doing his job (promoting his business). Again, I don't know. This place will leave u hanging if u don't spend thousands of dollars and don't bring people in.  I highly suggest to stay away from this place as far as possible. If u want to go through a hormone replacement therapy I recommend vital4men located at 7707 w deer valley rd.  They are very professional and have been doing this for a long time. Insurance is accepted (unlike lifexmd shadyville).  The only reason lifexmd was given 5 stars in the first review is because Michael Henderson wrote it. The only reason I gave it 1 star is because 0 is not an option.
