4	Craft beer! Craft beer!  36 taps, all craft and no crap.  Some good happy hour deals and a few weekdays have specials all day long.  Enjoyed my burger and fries and had top notch service.  Convenient that they have their own parking lot in the back too, unlike other nearby beer places (ahem, Brat Haus next door).  Place has a somewhat modern atmosphere feel to it, nicely dressed and polite staff, and it's very clean.
5	Food was amazing. Great beers. The wings, fig and pear grilled cheese and the truffle fries were all 10/10.
5	The beer selection at UBH is great. Finally there is a place in downtown Scottsdale that will fill growlers.The Waffle Battered Chicken Sandwich is probably the best sandwich I've had ever had.
5	This establishment is in the building that was Salty Seniorita, but you would never know it. It's totally opened up on the inside, and attractively decorated in an industrial style motif. Some of the tables are held up with kegs as legs!There are 30 beers on tap, and countless local beers offered. They even have WINE on tap! And, they offer Root Beer on tap for the kids.The staff is very friendly, and the food is DELICIOUS! The menu has a little bit of everything from burgers, salads, sandwiches and dessert. There's ample parking on the side and back of the building, which is refreshing for Old Town Scottsdale.I'm taking a guess that during "the season" we won't be able to get a seat at the bar or a table, because it's that good.
5	We came here for the first time the other night and the atmosphere blows you away! The interior has an industrial feel to it with exposed pipes in the ceiling (so cool!) and awesome seating. There are a few options: long tables with bench seating (great for large groups), high tops with cool chairs, bar seating (same chairs), and booths that look REALLY comfortable. I can't imagine anyone not liking this space. Moving on to the drinks... wow what a selection! We love locally brewed beer and they have so much of it! They also support craft beers from all over the nation (we generally stay away from domestics and prefer trying new beer when we go out). The server was very knowledgeable about the beer and helped me pick one out that I would like based on my known preferences. I had a hef, can't remember the name, but it was crisp and refreshing. The food was also really good. We went during happy hour which includes $2 off appetizers. We shared the pretzel and cheese fondue (really tasty! the pretzel bread was warm and delicious, so fresh! and the cheese was sharper than what you usually get, something we really enjoyed), the mussels and clams with a butter sauce- this was really good too, although we thought the sauce could use more lemon, maybe more garlic, and if they charred the bread a bit it would add more flavor- but we still liked it and ate it all! We also had the mignonettes (tiny filet mignons on crostini with blue cheese, pesto and a creamy horseradish sauce/dressing) SO AMAZING! By far my favorite of the food we tried! The manager stopped by to see how we were enjoying, always something I appreciate about an establishment. Of course we had no complaints, this place is GREAT!
5	Steakhouse burger was amazing! Staff was extremely friendly, you gotta try this place !
4	Would have been a 5 star but they were temporarily out of my favorite beer.  We've been in twice now and each time the food, atmosphere and staff (Amie behind the bar is super friendly and helpful) were great!  Amie suggested the sandwich with yummy pears in it, loved it!  Happy hour specials made me, well, happy.  Can't wait to return.Peggy W.
5	Stopped in the other day for happy hour and I was very impressed. They have a huge selection of local beers on tap, all of which are $2 off during happy hour. And while the appetizer list is small (only 5 or 6 selections I think) the quality is very good for the price. I highly suggest you try the mignionettes and the fondu.
1	I had a horrific experience at this restaurant.  I went with several friends during happy hour on a Friday and we were seated quickly which was a plus.The acoustics are very poor due to the open floor plan.  It is pure cacophony.  Expect to yell over each other.  This was a this was the first of many minuses. Upon being seated it took the staff 10 minutes to bring us water.  It was another 10 minutes before we had first contact with our server.  We said we were not ready and asked for a beer list that we never recieved.  It was another 10 minutes until someone took our drink and food order.  It took another 15 minutes before the drinks came.  I am not exaggerating about the wait, I checked my watch.  This place primarily pours beers, so the bar back-up is hard to justify. When the drinks finally came, our server spilled a full pint on me.  She apologized profusely.  I was not mad at her, but I was upset with the experience in general.  I actually felt bad for her because it was pretty clear that she was not getting any support from the rest of the staff.  Despite my tables location directly in front of the hostess stand and the obvious disruption caused by the spill, our table was never contacted by a manager.  Our table paid full price for everything, if you were wondering. The food was mediocre.  The gravy fries were on point.  The fries were crispy and hot.  The gravy was pretty flavorful and had tons of bacon in it.  There was only a hint of the promised cheese curds, which would have made everything better.  However, if i ever come back, I will get the gravy on the side, because the fries got soggy fast.  The wings were large, moist and properly cooked, and they came out with the sauce on the side.  The wings appeared unseasoned.  The sauce was extremely basic; essentially thick tobasco.  Overall, the wings were unremarkable.  The pizza English muffins were unflavorful and had a mushy texture.   Unfortunately, the whole experience lacked warmth.  I would have spoken to the manager about our awful experience, but after the spill  I was focused on leaving as quickly as possible.  I am lucky my phone is waterproof and I really hope the sticky mess cleans off my wallet!On the upside, the bathrooms and the restaurant generally were clean and pretty well kept.
4	Bye Salty's and hello Union Barrel House. If you keep up on my reviews, I was devastated by the loss of old Salty's, with the $5 Happy Hour meals and buckets of Corona. Well, you won't get that here, either. This is more of Postino's meets Panini. Totally made over with a nice industrial feel. They specialize in burgers and melts. I did not try a burger. The melts are sizable, stacked and sided with fries. They have something for everyone. They have several salads. We tried the romaine hearts. Topped with Parmesan and croutons made of pretzels. Tasted great but not going to fill up even an skinny chick. Melts were king here, no doubt, and everyone finished them off with little left and no complaints. Multiple veggie options including veggie melts which were really good.  Beer selection is magnificent.  Service was so friendly and eager to please I felt like I was in beer Disney World. Amen to the hiring manager. Staff is well dressed and not so rushed that they ignore you. The place is pretty upscale, can be a great dressy date night or a kinda casual night out with friends. Oh, and of course we tried the wings. They are dry rub wings, with celery-carrot slaw and blue cheese crumbles. At first I raised an eyebrow with this "trendy" wing method. But they came with a side of tangy buffalo to dip into if the spicy dry rub was not enough. The slaw rocked and the blue cheese crumbles went. It all went. This may become a new go-to destination when visitors come to town.
3	Great beers and ambiance! We had such high hopes for the food after reading the menu, but were disappointed. We ordered the Mussels and Clams in the White Wine Broth-- Not quite sure if there was any white wine in there. It tasted like the Lipton Onion Soup and nothing more. The Liberty Fondue was okay. The balsamic vinaigrette drizzle was a nice touch but the cheese was just warm and hardening. The presentation for Chopped Salad was terrific but, again, it lacked flavor.
5	What a fun new place in Old Town! The room is modern, but with a touch of homeyness to it. I ordered one of the beers on tap - the Orange Blossom. It was stellar! Our group ordered a selection of tasty apps, but the highlight to me was the BBQ chicken and the delicious potato salad that came on the side- YUM! We will be back to try more of the beer selection and the "adult" milkshakes!
5	Have been here a few times already and have nothing to say but great things.   The bar setup is the focal point and it is large and well serviced.   Thirty plus taps that are always revolving was what brought me in.   The bartender Colby took care of me and answered all my questions about the large bar menu.  I ordered the wings, they were awesome, well seasoned so I didn't even need the Buffalo sauce.   I will come back often.
5	I have nothing but great things to say about this place! I went with my mom and kids and were seated promptly. The server Liz took care of us. She was great. Had great knowledge of the beers that were on tap and was able to suggest one my mother loved! I ordered the BLC and it was amazing! The peppercorn aioli they put on it was on point! The fries came out hot and crisp. My mom ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich and loved it as well. She said the bleu cheese crumbles and slaw made the dish. My son ordered the mac n cheese and tator tots. He loved how cheesy the mac was and that the tator tots were like Tetris. (One of very few times he was allowed to "play" with his food) The restaurant itself has an industrial feel to it. It has prohibition style decor which goes perfectly with their craft beer and whiskey theme. I will definitely be returning.
1	This place has so much potential but falls so short on everything. The patio will be sure to rock in the winter but the place is a deserted wasteland right now in the summer.  Stay away from anything with cheese sauce such as the cheese fondue. The stuff is literally worse than melted velveeta.  At happy hour they have $2.00 off apps. Not a very good happy hour.  It should have warned us not to order dinner but we did anyway. Major disappointment again.  They do have a lot of craft beer taps but sadly the selection is very pedestrian. they did have some good local brews like Four Peaks Hop Knot, Papago Orange Blossom and Huss Scottsdale Blonde but very little to really thrill a craft beer person seeking something more than mainstream offerings. Only had two IPAs on out of all the taps. So sad.
5	This is a great new place near downtown! They have an awesome and HUGE draft beer selection that is ever changing, making each visit a new adventure of beer (be daring and step outside your comfort zone!) The food is also awesome and not your typical bar cuisine, and the interior is super hip and well done. Only bummer is I am not to the point where I'm drinking alone, with no one to talk to and the music is a little too loud for socializing. So there's that. But if you're a bar fly only sitting at the bar top alone, you shouldn't have any complaints. :)
2	My overall experience here was not good.I came for the first time a couple of weeks ago with a group of 8 on a Friday night. Service was bad. We ordered items that never came, received food we never ordered (and still had to pay for it), and were out of water more often than not. When we complained, the server blamed the setup of the restaurant as being "too confusing". We asked to speak to a manager but that didn't come either.The food was average. It reminded me of something you get in an airport (think fast and cheap). We ordered several plates of the barrel top pizzas which lacked flavor. I had a sandwich but I couldn't tell you which one because the server brought me the wrong item and then wasn't able to identify it after. She actually said to me, "whatever it is, I hope you enjoy it!" That was a first. The sandwich itself again lacked flavor. Some of my friends got wings. They all pretty much agreed that they would not order them again.The noise was awful. I could barely hear the person next to me. This really ruined the experience for me if the service wasn't enough.The only reason this places gets a second star is because of the decor and location which are both great. I think this place will fail unless it can correct the issues with the service staff and improve their menu items.
4	Modeled after the very trendy Angels Trumpet Ale House in downtown Phoenix, they've taken it a bit further and gone with a full bar, which is awesome. They have 32 rotating beer taps and 4 wine taps. It's a nice layout with plenty of outdoor seating. I'm interested to see what it looks like at night. I've been told that they plan on having live music Tue, Wed, and Fri. They just opened July 18, so I'll give them some slack on the food. New kitchens can take time to work out kinks, so I'll definitely give them another chance. Until then, the staff is nice and this is a great time to get in good with the staff.
1	Average place, average staff. I can only recommend to go to this place if you enjoy sub par service and food. Good Luck!
4	Giving them 4 Stars based on their beer selection, but didn't try any food. A pretty Trendy place in Scottsdale with a very elaborate list of brews! We tried a flight and had a mixed drink. Service was a bit slow but the bartender was solo and quite busy. I wasn't really thrilled with anything on my flight, but that's not their fault. I am a bit picky when it comes to beer. Would I go back? Maybe. Its pretty far from me, and there are just too many other choices.*****NO FIREARMS ALLOWED*****
2	Another overpriced concept bar has arrived in Scottsdale. No, I don'y want your $13 burgers or grilled cheese sandwich (that you call Melts to make it seem ok to charge that much for bread and cheese). No, I don't want all your 45 taps of $7 drafts and your cute list of overpriced domestic bottle beers and lastly I don't want my bartender to be dressed up in a vest and a tie slinging me beers in a wannabee fancy place. This is a no personality bar, you sit there and drink, but you have no interaction or conversation with the bartenders, they are just robots. The same owners own every place in Scottsdale and no matter how they decorate it, spin it or fancy up the small menu, they all come out looking the same. Waste of a good space and thanks for your big $2 discount on food during happy Hour. It's a company town now and the cool bars are running low fast.
1	Poor service and average food. The place is supposed to specialise in beer, the staff did not have a clue about the draft beers on offer and when it came it was flat. We was served other people food on 2 occasions and when the food came it was quite average. I can't say I will be going again
5	We had a Large group for Lunch (The Local Lunch Club) here for a meeting and all I can say was the first time we gave a standing ovation to the chefs.  I had the Buffalo Melt, it is a different take on the old buffalo chicken.  It was crispy spicy and just awesome.  When I asked the other 25 people we had they all raved on their food, so the GM brought out the chefs they were surprised to get the ovation they received.  Now I am a Home Brewer, but no suds at Lunch on a workday for me, So i'm comin back for a burger and brew, the wait staff was also great and attentive.For the couple reviews who were not so good, they have gotten very good at service and food quality, go back you will also be amazed...
2	Horrible uncomfortable chairs, no music, bad service. I only came to meet up for drinks and we all decided on a scale of one to ten, this place is a 4. Not impressed nor will keep this on my radar
2	Not good, overall just not good. We had a large group and our poor server seemed so overwhelmed. She actually did a good job getting everyone's orders but then who knows what happened in the kitchen. Half the table never got any food at all, some of us decided not even to order entrees because it took so long for anything to come out. I did get to eat the gravy fries which were actually very tasty. A little too much salt but still liked it. The Mac n cheese was side order size and something I could have made myself. It was decent but nothing to get excited about so whoever wrote the menu is just really good about describing things in a fanciful way. Now the chicken tenders. I heard the waitress telling someone else that they were so popular they made an adult version. I love chicken tenders so I ordered them. It was like cardboard microwaved chicken. Took 2 bites and sent it back. I was in shock. Chicken tenders are usually so good to me because of the different ways that restaurants bread and fry em up. The tots were like what you get at elementary school lunch. I'm sorry union but for kids maybe okay, the only adults who would eat that are ones who are too drunk to notice what you just put in front of them. Location and decor is great. Figure out your kitchen timing, revisit some of the menu items and this place could be really successful.
2	I really wanted to give this place a great review because the food is good. To bad the service is unbelievably slow. Had it been busy I would have totally understood but the place was half empty. Took us 30 min to get a menu and that was after we had to ask for one. Then it took over 30 min for water and 15-20 min after that for even a drink order. So once we ordered our drink that was another 20-30 min wait and we didn't get them until one of the people at our table said they were ready for their drink to arrive. Food took 40 min and we ordered apps not even full meals. We were planning on spending the rest of our night there but after that forget it. Too bad they don't realize that bad service is a death sentence for a restaurant in scottsdale
5	Checked out this new tap house last night with friends, to watch the ASU football game. They have a great beer list, rotating taps, a lot of TVs, good menu and very nice atmosphere. I will definitely go back here as an avid beer drinker.
4	I give them high marks for nice layout, great beer selection and a good patio. The dry rub chicken wings are a nice change from the "wet" ones.  Good tv's for catching up on sports.  Happy Hour (3-6) is a good deal for the beer drinkers, but if your wife likes wine, it is full price.  Overall, A lot of potential. We will see.
5	OMGosh! I'm in LOVE with this place!!! Modern twist on old world menu classics. Their beer selection is enormous! 36+ beers on tap AND a bottled selection to boot! They don't stop there either! They have a worldly wine selection and creative modern twists on cocktail favorites! Ambience is spot on to the name. A modern clean take on everything you imagine a barrelhouse to be. Props to the design team, props to the executive chefs and the bar masters for their successful creative vision of nostalgia! And the staff is stellar  Kudos Union Barrelhouse!Tip: ask for the chef's spicy mustard!
1	Great atmosphere and nice patio but below average service and really bad food.  Six of us went here for lunch to try it out and were one of four tables in the place so you would think the service would be good.  While the wait staff was very friendly, the food took about 45 minutes to come out, the french fries were cold (not sure how fries come out cold), items that I requested to be left off my buffalo chicken sandwich were on it and overall the chicken and the sauce just tasted like really bad bar food. When the waiter checked on us the first time he said he would bring back hot fries, however, after waiting another 15-20 minutes they never came so we just decided to take off.  Unfortunately I really wanted to like this place and will come back for maybe just a beer but will definitely not have the food again.
1	Came in on a Friday night and it was pretty dead- only two other tables on the patio.  We waited about 15 minutes for someone to come take our drink orders, and the waiter was clueless.  Asked for some beer recommendations (since beer on tap is their "thing"), and the waiter admitted he didn't really know what they have and had only been there a few days.  My husband finally just asked for "anything that is NOT an IPA", and guess what he got?  An IPA.  If you're going to tout yourself as a "nano brewery", the waiters should be trained on what beer you offer!  We planned on ordering dinner there as well, but after looking over the unimpressive, expensive menu, and waiting another 15-20 minutes to get our drinks, we decided waiting on food would be too much of a disaster.  We left disappointed.  Even more disappointing, looking at my bank statement today, it looks like they double charged us for our bill....Went back the next day (friends were already there so we begrudgingly joined them), and the bartender at the bar was incredible rude.  Didn't acknowledge us at all.  Our friend finally got his attention, after about 10 minutes of standing at the bar (which was not that busy at all), and the bartender waved him off!  I was stunned.  He then got our order wrong.  Definitely last time I will try that place.  Disappointing because they allow dogs on the patio and I was looking forward to bringing the pups there.
4	I'm liking this place right now.  Been there about 3 times in the last month.  It's much busier when football is on as Old Town is starving for more places to watch the games.  They have a bloody mary special on Saturdays (maybe Sundays too?) that has a mini grilled cheese on top...seriously....grilled cheese..that's amazing.  The melts are good, the variety and changing beers on top make it fun and interesting each time you come in.  Servers are non memorable so far, but the greeter is super friendly and makes you feel welcome.  They need to add more appetizer options to the menu.  When groups are drinking and snacking, they would sell more apps with more options.
3	Great location! Visited the UB on a Friday, and had excellent service, and a decent experience. Ordered the gravy fries, the bbq burger and the fresh beet salad. Gravy fries were awesome...Burger was decent, but next time I would recommend ordering the beet salad w the dressing on the side- it was drenched in their balsamic. I would come here again for the atmosphere, but not for a dinner experience.
4	I remember driving by this place as it was getting built (or I guess I should say remodeled...it's the old Salty Senorita) & was really looking forward to it's opening.I stopped in on a Friday night w/a friend and really liked it. We only had a couple drinks, but the food menu looked good and I definitely want to stop back in to try some things. I liked the atmosphere as well. It has a very open/airy feel w/a slick, brewery vibe (I just totally made that up, but go with it). Unfortunately, the place wasn't very crowded when we came in (and like I said, it was a Friday night). I hope that changes. Union Barrelhouse has a pretty extensive drink menu. You'd expect a place like this to have a lot of beers on tap and they do . They also have several speciality cocktails, as well as whiskey cocktails. My friend had a couple of the later, and enjoyed them both. What I really liked (and what I tried) were the beer "cocktails" (I don't think that's what they were actually called). They do a few different things all of which are interesting. I can't remember exactly what I had, but the first drink was a beer mixed w/sake & the second drink was a mixture of two different beers. Both were delicious. They also do beer/liquor combos that sounded interesting. We sat at the bar, and the bartender serving us was attentive and knew the drink menu pretty well. I hope this place does well. Scottsdale needs more places like Union Barrelhouse, and I really love what going on, on this corner between this place, Sip & Brat Haus. I actually stopped into Sip after here, and it sounds like all three places have a good working relationship.
1	This place has a lot of potential, but certainly misses the mark on food and service. There were 5 of us on a Thursday that arrived at 5:00. Maybe 1/2 a dozen people there having drinks. We ordered our drinks from our server, but there was no bartender in sight. The bartender re-appeared, and starting serving people at the bar as they came in, ignoring our drink order. We waited 15-20 minutes for our drinks. We then ordered food, which took a solid 50 minutes to come. I ordered soup, which I anticipated being there prior to my meal, which was delivered with my meal. My caprese sandwich was I thought going to be grilled- however was cold, and served on cold toast. Our food had sat in the window for at least 20-30 minutes before being delivered to our table, and it was not busy at all. I tried the beer and cheese soup, which tastes like cheese dip that should have been served with pretzels. I took two bites and couldn't stomach it. The waitress told me she would take it off my check, and then didn't!! When I asked about it, she said I ate half so she left it on- I had 2 bites, and SHE TOLD ME SHE WAS TAKING IT OFF! She offered to get her manager "if it was really an issue" and at this point I was fed up and done. Terrible food, terrible service, great beer selection, but I will not be back. There are too many good restaurants in Old Town where food is less expensive, served hot, more tasteful, and friendlier service where I can spend my money. And, take note- when someone doesn't eat something because they don't like the flavor, it's customary to remove that item from the bill, no questions asked. Good luck making it past the 6 month mark in this town.
5	I figured this would be another beer / food hipster new American imitation however they nailed it. The menu was slimmed down to fantastic choices. My girlfriend and I started with the mignonettes and the wings. They were delicious. The portion size of the mignonette left something to be desired but the wings were adequate. Both set the bar with flavor and freshness. The night was substantially busy leaving my assumption to believe service was slow. It was not! The BLC sandwich was also memorable, I had a side of peppercorn aioli with the sandwich which definitely popped in flavor. You can tell everything is fresh and they really care here. Topher and Colby were my helpers in the food selection and beer choice. They have wonderful drink compliments for every food selection. I would recommend this place to anyone. Beer, food, service with an ambience of New American.
4	Came on the 'grand opening' night. Cool band and a busy buzz. The food is great for an old town sports bar-ish hangout spot. Had the wings which were crispy with an awesome home made type wing sauce. Also had the 'blc' melt. Had a super flavorful peppercorn aioli and plenty of bacon on it. The only issue was they ran out of fries and gave me roasted beets :/ they were really good tho. They make their own dressings and service is on point. Definitely will be back even tho I live downtown! Thanks to Colby for knowing his stuff.
2	I hovered between 2 and 3 stars and finally settled on 2 stars cause well, no one likes to feel ignored and brushed off!!!It was the grand opening party for Union Barrelhouse and the place was hopping!!!  A fantastic sign for any opening of a restaurant!!!  My son and I were greeted warmly at the door and being Yelpers, were presented with a gift bag at the door (thanks!)  then we sampled their grilled chicken with mozzarella, tomato, basil sandwich which was delish.  We got there at 7pm, they must have had an opening for VIP guests cause even though the event invite said 7pm till close, when we got there a little before 7pm, 95% of the complimentary sampling were gone.  NO BIG DEAL- we werent' there just for the free food, we came to support this restaurant (must be the same owner as Salty Senorita) so after we greeted fellow Yelpers Irene V., Laura I, Travis B., and the gang, my son and I looked for a patio table cause we wanted to sit down and have dinner. Zzzzzz as in the place was buzzing but our waitress was not to be found.  Finally I accosted one and she told me she would be right with me . . . 15 mins later . . . no big deal- there was soccer on tv so we watched the game . . . when she came, we ordered our food- kid's meal chicken tenders with fruit and a farm market salad . . . easy pizy order.Then we waited and waited- my son who was very hungry kept asking where the food was . . . I accosted my waitress and asked- she said it would be right up.(As in, palm in face- don't talk to me, can't you see I'm busy??)  I was understanding- I mean, the place was packed!!!We waited sooooo long that in between waiting my son had time to enter a grilled cheese eating contest where he had 5 minutes to eat 9 grilled cheese sandwiches (which by the way, was very fun)- I don't know how long the contest took- 30 mins?  By the time we got back to our table, our food was still not ready!!!  10 mins later the food comes, the waitress hurriedly throws the food down on the table and just runs away . . . I didn't even get the chance to tell her she gave my son tater tots instead of the fresh fruit side he ordered.  Finally I had to chase her down and accost her again and she said, "oops, I'll bring it right out . . . "30 mins later we were still waiting!!!  My son kept asking where his fresh fruit was.Finally I chased her down and accosted her AGAIN and this time I asked her to talk to the manager to comp'd our meal for the evening.This is the first time ever in my prolific string of dining experiences where I had to consistently chase down the server- I might have logged a 1/4 of a mile chasing her down!!!  You get the picture.The manager came and was very friendly and apologetic and willingly comp'd our meal.  In terms of pricing, it was $10 for my salad which was medium sized portion, fresh, loved the balsamic vinegarette reduction but I thought it was a bit pricey for the portion and atmosphere of the place.  The chicken tender kid's meal pretty ordinary- nothing to write home about.Atmosphere is great, food ordered okay, service received epic fail.  Manager very understanding and friendly.  Not sure I would come back again.
2	We saw the event on Yelp and wanted to check out the Grand opening..It was extremelyyyyyy packed..It was hard to even find a seat because it was so busy. We ended up finding one, and I'm not sure if there were even waiters or waitresses because no one ever came to help us. We ended up finding seats at the bar and sat there. So I originally wanted to try their mac and cheese. & guess what, they were out.. Bummer. I ended up getting the Caprese. This has chicken, mozzarella, tomato, basil. Let's just say I liked their fries more than the entree. I think the truffle fries were the only good thing here. My boyfriend ordered the union grilled steak burger. This thing was smothered in bbq sauce. & they made it way too hot because he burned his hand when the sauce dripped. It was extremely loud and packed when we went. I couldn't hear anything anyone said. The only highlight was getting to see some of my Yelper friends there. I won't be back.
4	Great addition to the Scottsdale down town. Good beer selection. Looking forward to what they do next. The fresh pretzels are a great compliment to the cold beer!
4	Union Barrelhouse is a bear of a place that spreads out with an incredible amount of seating. The bar is expansive, wrapping around as a center piece of the restaurant, with booths lining the walls and tall tables in the middle of the restaurant. The outdoor patio is beautiful, reminiscent of a private home backyard. I focus on the seating as you will want to stay. This joint is a brewery. They have a serious amount of beer to sample. The food I've tasted was decidedly comfort food and incredibly filling. A perfect match for the endless amount of beer you'll be tempted to drink. (Best to walk here. Or Lyft!) My heart was sold when I learned they carried a porter. When the fall season returns dark beer returns to Arizona. It's not cold yet! But the dark beer is here. Bless you UNION Barrelhouse.On the flip side I loooooorved two very light beers:Huss Scottsdale blonde kolschUb American Hefeweizen AmericanGood stuff.Ok, food...The grilled cheese. You've got to try it. Also, they offer fries, smothered in bacon and cheese. Apparently they are trying to raise your cholesterol. (I will die happy.) Conveniently the menu suggests what each item is best paired with. No thinking required!Isn't that that what beer is all about? :)HH DETAILSEveryday 3-7PM $8 Shot & Beer $5 House Wine (from the wall) & Wells $2 off all Drafts & Starters
3	Came here for their Grand Opening. It's a very cool space, very farmhouse/contemporary/hipster/trendy. Exposed ventilation, butcher block counters, shared tables. Large patio out front (the same patio as the old Salty's just a little re-do). The beers on tap are phenomenal. The list is tremendous, but they do a great job of explaining alcohol content and where the beer is brewed. Although I didn't try any, they have beer mixers (custom mixes of beers...like a Rattlesnake or Black and Tan, but with many more options). Their focus seems to be on getting more out of beer than the standard craft beer options. They also offer wine and cocktails. The food we ordered was ok. Grand opening means very slow food service. Drinks were fast, food was not. I ordered the vegetarian black bean burger and although it was fine, i probably wouldn't order it again. Very dry and the Hawaiian style bun was way too much bread for the amount of burger. It came with a side of fries. My wife and her sister both ordered the salad options. My wife ordered with dressing on the side but of course the salad came drenched in salad dressing anyway. They both were unimpressed, saying they could've made these salads at home with the ingredients we had at the house. Ultimately, the atmosphere and vibe pushed this to 3 stars. The crowd felt less "power drinker" and more "appreciative beer drinker", which is a nice change for old town.
4	We checked out Union Barrel House last Friday for a bite before we went to the movies. For being in Old Town, it was pretty low-key, and the atmosphere was great with good music, lots of exposed beams, reclaimed wood, a big fireplace and a big patio that was a little bit quieter than inside. We grabbed a table outside (because it's finally cool enough, woohoo!) and our waiter promptly came to take our drink orders. I had the Aggressive Squirrel, with Bulleit bourbon, luxardo, orange and nut brown ale - it was so delicious, like an old fashioned that had a nice nutty ale added to it. They had nearly 40 beers on tap, all great (I don't think you'll find Coors here) and all $2 off during Happy Hour, which goes from three - seven.We waited a bit for the waiter to come back to take our food order, and we decided to split the Liberty Fondue and the Pear, Brie and Jam melt, with the Parmesan truffle fries. The fondue and pretzel rolls came out piping hot, and the cheese blend they use is out of this world. The order only comes with three pretzel rolls and an ample amount of cheese, so I might ask for extra rolls next time, or keep the cheese and enjoy it with the fries. Maybe I did that, I don't know. I think the parm truffle fries need their own special sauce - just straight up ketchup kind of kills them.The melt was pretty good, the cheese was gooey and you can't go wrong with brie, but the bacon jam and the pear could have used a little something salty to compliment the flavors of the sandwich. Overall, we enjoyed our visit, and I think we'll be coming back (they currently have a groupon) to try some of the other dishes with my favorite fall beers. This place is like if the little woody and postino had a baby, and it's darn delicious  - definitely give it a shot!
2	Decent craft beer selection and frequent rotation.  Nice atmosphere. Tons of TV's playing sports if that is what you're in to.Food depends on your perspective. If you are looking for average bar food, this will be good enough.If you are more discriminating about your food, then you will probably find that most everything is inedible.  At our table, the chopped salad was passable, the melts were greasy, undercooked messes.  My wife's veggie burger was one bite and done awful. Worst I've ever tasted.  Regular burger was dry with an overly greasy bun.  The truffle fries were so dry, and the truffle flavor tasted cheap.  Spiked milkshake was average. The menu is creative for bar food but poorly executed.Service was attentive but a bit spacey. When we mentioned that the uneaten veggie burger was bad, the server apologized but did not offer to take it off the check, which would have been nice, but fine whatever, just a sign of inexperienced and poorly trained service.All in all I would go back, but only for the atmosphere, the beer, and to try some of their semi-creative cocktails.  I would never order food again, but I admit that have high standards for food.
1	I gave this place 3 tries because I really wanted to like it. The first time my boyfriend and I went it reminded me of one of the many breweries in Southern California that we are fond of. Unfortunately, the service was lacking. We sat at the bar during a slow time, but it still took several minutes to get our orders taken, and our water glasses were often empty. When we received the wings, I took a bit out of a particularly thick one and it was clearly underdone. I asked the waitress to bring it to the chef, and she came back, relaying that they said it was because it was "dark meat". I'm not an idiot; I know what raw chicken looks like. She took it off our bill though, which was nice.The second time, it was more of the same. We sat at the bar for quite a long time before getting our drink orders filled, more time for our food orders, and our waters were mostly empty. This was all while watching the three or four managers (all dressed  in ridiculous vests and ties with enormous beards) walk around being busy without being productive. Basically, carrying clean glasses from one shelf to another, talking to each other, and never once turning their attention to the customers sat at the bar right in front of them. After awhile, another bartender took over and she was really great. She talked to us for quite awhile and made us feel welcome and appreciated. As far as the food, I asked for dressing on the side and yet one of the vested/bearded managers poured it on right in front of me. The salad I ordered also came without the two ingredients I was looking forward to (bacon and seasoned croutons). After several minutes of waiting to get the attention of a manager or bartender, they finally noticed me. However, he seemed like he did not believe me that I was missing the ingredients (you don't know your own food?!?)Finally, tonight I took advantage of a Groupon. I ordered a burger, my boyfriend ordered the gravy fries. The food took almost an hour to come out. The burger was okay, fries were semi-cold. But the real problem came when I gave the Groupon to our server. She came back with a bill that the 30 dollars had been taken off of, however it was the completely wrong bill. I tried to show the waitress and her idea of "fixing" it was to run my card for the original amount (sans Groupon). At this point I was pissed. I had been sitting in this restaurant for almost 2 hours, and wanted to go. When I pointed out her mistake she took the bill back. When I saw her again, instead of bringing me my fixed bill, she was taking the order of the table next to us! Finally, a manager came over who had finally fixed the mistake. He addressed all of his comments to my boyfriend, not me, which pissed me off because I was paying. (At least address both of us if you don't know who's credit card you have in your hand.) After all of this, we weren't even offered anything for our trouble! I honestly couldn't believe it. For a restaurant that obviously views itself as somewhat upscale, its service was completely awful. Third time was not a charm. I doubt this place will be around for long, especially when there are so many quality restaurants/bars in the area. I will not be back again.
3	The hostess was very upbeat and friendly.....our waitress was very good and made some good recommendations........they certainly have a wide variety of craft beers......sorry to say the food was just ok.......
3	This place needs to get on their game. They are located where the old Salty Senorita's place is in Old Town, and although it is very different inside, the reputation of shitty service has stayed. My husband and I have been here two times now, and the first time was a much better experience than the second, but that might be because we knew the bartender, Colby, and he treated us very well. The second time we were ignored for about ten minutes at the bar even though I could count the number of people in the entire restaurant on two hands while watching 3 or 4 servers go back behind the bar and then back to their own section. Not even as much as a "Hello, has anyone helped you yet?"Haven't had the food yet, but heard it was pretty good. Their drinks are a little expensive for that part of old town, but that's just my opinion. Had a good selection of beers though! Although, the glass cleaner was broken, and someone had informed us that it had been broken for over a week already...huge waste of water to just keep it running and not have it fixed right away, and that may have played a part in my opinion. I mean, they haven't even been open for 6 months and there are already problems that are obvious to customers that aren't getting fixed. Wonder what would happen if it was a problem where customers couldn't see, how long would that take to fix?! Anyways, we will probably go back to try it a third time when we are in the area, but would never intentionally go out of our way to go there.
1	Terrible service. Waitress came back twice to tell us they were out of one of the dinner selections then to tell us they were out of the type of wine my wife was drinking. The orders took over an hour to serve. We waited at least15 minutes every time we reordered drinks. A salad that was ordered with chicken did not have the chicken and that took over 15 minutes to bring. We ordered chicken wings to start and they were never served. They do have a great beer selection so were disappointed it was as terrible as it was.
3	We came here to enjoy a night out. The place is very large and with the weather being cooler we took a seat out on the patio. The waiter for our table never showed so another took over our table. Over the night the service was pretty slow considering that it wasn't that busy and many times we finished our drinks and had to wait quite a bit before our waiter would come around again. However, I really enjoyed my food. The dry rub on the wings was very spicy, just the way I like my wings. Then I had the union grilled burger. Very tasty, but a little messy with the amount of BBQ sauce on it and the side of fries were good. My husband had one of the melts, was disappointed that it had minimal cheese and too much bread. They have a great list of beers and we enjoyed all that we ordered.
2	Hostess was very nice, but it took 20mins for Mac and cheese with hot dogs. Mind you it was a good starter :) (small but good!) It took 15 mins to get a replacement beer, but it took over 25mins for our entrees! They were burgers!!! And the restaurant was empty and the kitchen was full (4-5 cooks!) Server barely checked on us. Beer selection was good, but if you have to wait that long, not worth it!!!... Overall, won't come back!!!
3	Great patio, great beer selection and decent food...when they get it right. This place really has potential to be awesome, but it's new, and they clearly haven't worked out the kinks yet.My office is right near old town, so we've gone to Union Barrelhouse for both lunch and happy hour. For happy hour, it's great because we're never in a hurry. For lunch on the other hand, they have some work to do.Last time we visited for lunch, the food took forever. The server was really nice, but forgot one of my co-workers orders and didn't realize until we were already waiting for 15-20 minutes. When the food arrived (we all got different melts), it was hit or miss. My buffalo melt didn't even seem to have cheese on it (it was really missing the "melt" component). Another co-workers wasn't even melted -- it was literally a cold sandwich. She had to send it back and take it to go because we had already been there for over an hour.I'm really hoping this place can pull it together because I really want to like it!
5	We went to Union Barrelhouse for my boyfriends birthday. Love the building, food and beer was amazing, and our server was so friendly and knowledgable. It is new, so still getting their bearings. Got a groupon, i have two and we can't wait to go back.
4	Everything from the service to the food was great. Wings are crispy, Mac n cheese was a small serving but yummy, fries are addictive and they have an amazing beer selection. Sticky Monkey is not bad for 13.4%!
5	Great Scottsdale patio, huge assortment of craft beers, the burger was delicious!  Went for happy hour, Calvin was our server, and he AWESOME!   I would come back just to see him!  This was probably my 4th or 5th time here, always good.  Best servers in Old Town!
3	Union barrel is a nice spacious sports bar.  The patio is a great addition.  The food was nothing special, i ordered without butter but it came with butter, no big deal but I will say the service was good and the manager went around to each table.
1	Came here to watch a game. Was told to stop cheering for the game as we were too loud. Will never again confuse this as a sports bar. Got the message. Loud and clear. Lost a lot of customers tonight.
5	Ask for Ben. He was a phenomenal server. Gave great recommendations, was funny, and very knowledgeable. We started with the pretzel fondue and it was awesome. The pretzels were nice and warm, very chewy (in a good way) and the cheese was delicious. For dinner we ordered the Union Steak Burger with truffle fries and the Caprese Melt with sea salt fries. My husband said the steak burger was "scrumptious" and the truffle fries were "solid". I enjoyed my Caprese Melt and the fries were great. I also ordered a Moscow Mule. When he delivered my drink in a traditional low ball glass, I was disappointed at the lack of a copper mug. Ben said to give him a minute and about 10 minutes later, just in time for my second round, he magically had a copper mug. Truth be told, he actually had his mom run down to the restaurant and bring his personal copper mug down for me. I was blown away by his service and will definitely be back. Thanks for making our night Ben!
4	Let's start with the fun, open concept! I really dig what they've done with the space and the patio is huge and inviting. The beer selection is another fun part of the experience. Soo much to choose from and they have a great in depth menu of the latest and greatest beer selections. Food was just okay. Had a melt type sandwich and could not get over how much bread was served and how much cheese and other toppings were lacking. My boyfriend had a burger and while it started out great and cooked perfectly he then discovered their patties are crumbly and start falling apart after a few bites. Also was cooked inconsistently as it seemed it was just mashed together. My truffle fries were yummy though and my bf really enjoyed the side salad. Will definitely return to have beers and enjoy the atmosphere. Also will try something else on the menu, can never only give a new place one shot!
5	After eating at Ra Sushi i Yelped " beer brewery" and this spot was walking distance from where we ate so I wanted to check them out. It had a nice "Roadhouse" vibe and nice beer selection. I think they had just under 40 beers on tap. We had a flight and tried a few different beers. Thought it was cool they served beer flights in a cupcake tray and numbered them by their menu so you knew what you were drinking. Every worker that walked by us smiled and food looked awesome! Next time I come her I'm for sure gunna have to try a few things on their menu!
4	Great service, very friendly. Amazing beer list and great food.  Very relaxing atmosphere. Great place to get lunch and talk.
4	The beer selection was extensive, and the burgers were good--my husband said his was great, mine (veggie burger) was average. Truffle Parmesan fries were tasty, too! Our server was really nice, and suggested some events around town because we are visiting from out of state.
1	We came, we saw benches, never saw a host to seat us even though the signs said wait to be seated, we left and we won't return. No love from this place so no love for it.
5	We came here to watch Monday night football. The television set up is good. The bar chairs are extra comfortable, as is the atmosphere.Cool industrial decor and a nice music mix at a volume that you can still hold a conversation.The service was very friendly and accommodating. We tried a number of beers, both as little tastes and a flight. They offer a great, constantly changing beer selection. The salmon was perfectly cooked to medium rare, at our request. We also enjoyed the mussels appetizer and a side of beets.
5	I guess I had seen this place when I had driven by before...but like most things on Scottsdale Rd, it didn't catch my eye. Then I saw a groupon and was like huh....they serve food? Why YES! YES THEY DO!!!!And amazing food at that!My friend and I went in for a late dinner, we got the fondue for an appy and then split the Pear/Brie Sandwich and got the soup (Roasted Tomato Basil) All of it was AH-MAZE-ING!!!!!!!!!!! the portions were HUGE! sharing a sandwich and getting a soup is more than one person can eat, and the service was awesome! We were greeted but this completely adorable upbeat hostess who quickly seated us...and then within a couple minutes our server Adam came over! If you go here HOPE he is there! He was attentive, funny and sweet and just made this place all the better! can't wait to go back!
5	I loved everything about this place! Went on a Sunday to have lunch and watch football, and had a great experience. We were seated quickly by the very friendly and helpful hostess, and we were greeted quickly by our server (forgot his name!) who answered all of our menu and drink questions. The beer selection is huge, and the bloody mary I got was spicy and delicious. We ordered a burger and a sandwich to share, and both were so good. The parmesan fries were my favorite though! We could also see about 5 TVs in our vicinity that all had different football games on, so we were able to watch whatever we wanted. I also loved the indoor/outdoor vibe, and the layout-- you never feel cramped like in a lot of other places. We will definitely be going back because of the fantastic service and amazing food and drinks!
1	Well we went in and it took about 6 min to get a menu sampled an ipa and the waiter never returned . Asked bar man if we could order from him and barman said we had to order from server so we waited and waited and finally we left , and on the way out the server says "thanks for coming in " what a dumb ass !
3	Finally got a chance to try this place out.  I have heard mixed reviews and wanted to see for myself.  I was told the service was terrible and it was an accurate statement.  For our party of 9 we did get a table fairly quickly but that's where the speedy service stopped.  Although our server Kelton was awesome, seriously he was great, we loved him, it took FOREVER for our food to make it to our table.  It appeared it was definitely an issue with the kitchen.  Not only were we waiting a ridiculous amount of time for our food, once the food started trickling out, it took a while for the entire table to get their food.  I ordered the beets, they were cooked well and great flavor and I ordered the Mac and Cheese which was delicious.  My husband is a vegetarian and it was slim pickens for choices for someone who doesn't eat meat.  He ordered the veggie burger and surprise they were out of it so he ended up with the grilled cheese which was forgettable.  When it came time for dessert they were out of peaches for the peach crumble.  I'm going to assume they use extremely fresh ingredients to be out of so many things.  Overall we enjoyed it but very timely wait for food.  Again Kelton was great!!
5	Great Scottsdale patio, huge assortment of craft beers, the burger was delicious!  Went for happy hour, Calvin was our server, and he AWESOME!   I would come back just to see him!  This was probably my 4th or 5th time here, always good.  Best servers in Old Town!
3	Loud. Very loud. Good for beer, sports and grill grub. Conversation, not so much.The beer selection is outstanding. The food is well-prepared and tasty.The service was a little slow, and I can't figure out why. Wouldn't make a difference, except that the food was already cooling off by the time it got to the table.That said, our server and the owner were very friendly, and the gravy fries and mac & cheese were VERY flavorful.I live in Glendale, so don't think I'll be driving cross-Valley to go again, but would recommend it to friends who are in that area anyway if they're looking for a fun place to watch a football game and drink really good beer.
5	Frist time and loved it, food and beer was awesome, music was way too loud
4	It's a fun place to go with a group of friends or family. The servers are delightful and the beer samples are plentiful. Try the tasters group, so you can try out many beers. They always have a wine for happy hour too. We had melted sandwiches and burgers that were delicious and the parmesan fries are worthy of every bite.
4	Great location with a really nice atmosphere. It is really spacious here with a ton of bar seats.  We didn't eat but the food coming out looked delicious.  We'll definitely be back next time we're in town!
