3	As far as Chinese food in Wisconsin goes you can't do too much wrong by choosing A8.  Their location leaves something to be desired in the realm of ambiance.  Nonetheless they provide decently priced specials, always timely delivery, and aside from one mushy shrimp experience in 3 years everything appears/tastes fresh.
3	For quick order Chinese food A8 is pretty standard. At some times they have very inexpensive lunch specials. The dinner prices are a tad bit higher (although still reasonable). It's a bit more spacious than Asian Kitchen if you want to eat your meal on the spot (just as often, though, I ordered to take home). Other than that, not much else to say about it.
2	this food is cheap for a reason.  The egg rolls are floury, the fried rice was cold and tasteless and although the veggies in the vegetable lo mein were crisp and fresh, it was so full of garlic you couldn't even taste them.  The location is on a grimy street although the restaurant is clean and fairly quiet.  There are so many chinese restaurants in Madison, I don't know why anyone would go to this one.
2	Well, it's cheap and they deliver.  I live right across the street and I still make an order for delivery. I wouldn't recommend eating in or pick-ups--they do not specialize in customer service.  Use campusfood.com instead.
4	You can't beat this.All day special:one pork egg roll or order of crab rangoonone entree (choose from 30 or so dishes)steamed or fried ricecan of sodauntil 4pm, $5.19after 4pm, $5.79if you want it "large", $6.79I had hunan chicken which featured large pieces of white meat chicken, no gristle, lots of seemingly fresh veggies (broccoli, peppers, onion, etc.), and a nicely spiced and not too sweet sauce. The fried rice was yellow and nothing spectacular. It's a great deal for takeout. The small filled me up (and I have a big appetite for Chinese takeout!)I haven't experienced any customer service problems, but while I was there waiting for my food, there were two other guys waiting. One had ordered a small special with general tso's and one had ordered a large general tso's. They called out "one kung pao chicken" and it seemed like it could have turned into a big debacle, but the guys who wanted general tso's corrected them and the guys behind the counter promptly brought them their correct orders. I did appreciate the health department's "symptoms of norovirus" flier posted on the soda refrigerator...
2	As many other reviewers have mentioned, they're cheap and they're timely with the deliveries. The food's really standard Americanized Chinese fare and it tastes pretty decent -- It's pretty much a not-so-greasy/non-greasy alternative to Asian Kitchen and I personally find them a bit better tasting than Asian Kitchen in general.
2	A8 China is like the lowest on the totem pole when it comes to Chinese Food. The fried rice wasn't even fried, I mean WTF? That's SO false advertising! The food wasn't even good!! STAY AWAY!
2	Was told this was really authentic Chinese food.  I'm not judge of oriental authenticity... but I can tell you: I did not enjoy the food.  Lots of grissle and fat.  Kind of gross.  The sauces were a little bland.My ex bought a copy of Legend of Zelda with the gold cartridge from this place, though.  Tell me that that's something you look for in a Chinese food restaurant.
1	WARNING: DO NOT ORDER FROM HEREStarving and exhausted after driving cross country 3500 miles, all my boyfriend and I wanted was some yummy chicken chow mein delivered to us after eating nothing but PB&J and bad gas station food for 7 days straight. What was delivered to us was nothing resembling chicken chow mein. I don't even know what it was, but chicken chow mein has been my favorite chinese meal since childhood, so I know what it is even in all of its slightly varying forms, and this was not it. We called the place to explain the mistake and they tried to tell us that their chicken chow mein is just "different" and refused to replace it for us or even give us money off of our order. We are extremely easygoing, reasonable people when it comes to stuff like this as my boyfriend has delivered pizzas for years and I have an extensive retail and customer service background. We get that mistakes are sometimes made and we approached this mistake in a very understanding manner; unfortunately this place does not seem to give two sh*ts about their customers. Don't insult me by trying to convince me that I don't know what chow mein is, a**hole. Whatever we did get, which we were stuck with, tasted terrible, so the mistake and the complete lack of customer service that followed aside, I wouldn't even recommend this place as suitable food for human consumption.
1	Yeah....I'm not sure how this place survives in Madison.  Food is greasy and bland.  Walk on by....
1	Lousy, worthless Chinese food easily outdone by any other restaurant in the area. Their prices aren't any lower, and their food is noticeably worse. Fuck you A8 China. Why are you still open? Some time ago I ordered the pepper steak and onion, knowing full well that they were going to overload the dish with peppers in order to minimize the amount of meat they had to give me. This disregard for their customers should have been the first sign that I was making a big mistake eating here instead of just going down the street to Asian Kitchen or calling up Jade Garden for a delivery. At least as AK, they overload one order with more food than you could comprehend eating in two sittings.Thinking myself to be quite clever, I asked A8 to omit the peppers and put extra meat instead. Their response? Give me more onions than I ever thought fucking possible. I swear could smell my order down the block. I opened the box to find a massive pile of milky clear, floppy, disgustingly overcooked onions covered in ground pepper, overflowing its way into my rice and looking similar to and about as appetizing as a pile of maggots. Buried underneath were literally - and I shit you not - FOUR pieces of meat. Unsurprisingly, they tasted like peppery rubber and after 3 seconds of chewing, turned into an ball of lard-flavored chewing gum.Rice was undercooked, eggroll was soggy and tasted microwaved, like the shit you buy at Sam's Club. Don't eat here. Ever.
1	The pork chow mein consisted of an ample mess of overcooked bok choy, maybe some onions (I'm not sure that's what they were), and roast pork. The pork was juicy with the sauce (which had a decent flavor, the sauce, that is), but the pork had an odd flavor that I recognized as meat that's been previously frozen and maybe a little freezer burnt. The fried noodles were the thick kind (not the slender round kind) and were stale enough that I could not eat them. The dish came with a side of particularly flavorless fried rice that had (also previously frozen) peas and carrots in it. I also got a side of crab rangoons. They were thin, but greasy and creamy and tasty. And the plum sauce reminded me of the plum sauce I had as a kid when my parents ordered carryout - glowing and orange and sweetly delicious.The rangoons didn't redeem the meal.  The quality of the ingredients in the chow mein was unacceptable.  I don't care how inexpensive the food is, it's not worth it if it isn't edible.
3	No fortune cookies? are you kidding me?!
5	Personally, I love A8 China. It's been my go-to fast food place since a few years back when I started attending college here. They've always had less than $6 lunch meals, but they have deteriorated in size. (I don't mind. I could stand to eat less haha)It has the best General Tso's Chicken hands down: sweet and tangy. Asian Kitchen's is usually tough and dry. The crab rangoon here is slightly sweet and damn tasty.Another thing definitely worth noting: I've eaten there on several occasions and Chinese students frequent it as a popular hangout. It makes sense to me because they actually make some delicious Chinese (non-gwailo) food.I don't know what all these 1 star reviews are about. No offense, but I'm assuming most of these people have never had real Chinese food (basically not that deep fried, sauce slathered, stuff everyone associates with) since half of my mom is a 1st generation immigrant from Hong Kong. I feel A8 is a more tasty representation than other fast food Chinese I've had in Madison.
2	Cheap, but bad. The store itself looks really second rate and the rice I got was dry and aged. The chicken was dry and the sauce looked really artificially colored. Very cheap lunch though if you don't mind eating a little worse
4	For the price it's pretty good, and the vegetables are fresh seeming which is more than I can say for most Chinese places. I got a $7 meal with crab Rangoon, fried rice, general tsoas chicken and a fortune cookie, good deal
4	I'm very satisfied with the food for the price. It's not crazy greasy, you get a very filling portion and it's inexpensive.If you're looking for cheap Chinese, go to A8.
2	Ordered the Duck Special. Woke up hella' nauseous w/ the runs. tasted good -although boney -but definitely didn't sit well. be careful.
1	Absolutely no and never again. First of all, $9.98 for chicken lomein that's half oil and half soy sauce? I could barely pick up the noodles with my chopsticks because they were covered in oil. No thanks.But the main reason this place gets one star (and less if I had the option) is that there is no soap in the bathroom. I went to wash my hands before I ate, and I noticed that there was no more soap; therefore, I did the courteous thing and asked the female cook that there was none, and she told me that they had no more! What restaurant doesn't carry a backup of soap?! I'm assuming the men's room didn't have any either, which means that every time the cooks used the bathroom, they didn't clean their hands! I gagged. Any restaurant that doesn't even stock the most basic way of cleaning your hands is disgusting.Dirty hands, oily noodles, and inflated prices for unsanitary and just flat out bad food. No thanks.
2	This place is hit or miss, sometimes it's okay and worth it and other times it's no good.
