5	I have been to Carolyn at La Bliss several times for Mani/Pedi's and have not been disappointed.  She's super upbeat and fun!! Great variety of both regular polish and Shellac. Has great specials!! I would would definitely  recommend checking this place out.
5	I love the concept Lenox Salons is perpetuating. Independent providers of beauty/beautification maintenance have their own individual spaces and tend to one client at a time. This cultivates a relationship w the client and provides both privacy and quiet time for both practitioner and client. I usually save mani/pedi time to catch up w a friend or three but I really, really enjoyed getting pampered alone by Carolyn. La Bliss carries an array of awesome OPI polish colors. I chose a shade from the Nicki Minaj line, aptly titled Fly, for my mani and pedi. The sleek leather chair is clearly brand new and delivers silent yet firm rolling pressure. The lighting, music (smooth 90s/early 2000s r&b), and scent (not sure if it was a diffuser or just air freshener) perfects the ambiance for the relaxing treatment(s). I look forward to repeat visits of La Bliss!
5	Ran into La Bliss for a quick polish change today, I loved that it's a cozy room with you and your beauty guru.  It's quiet, clean and I got a great polish change!  I found out she also does waxing and lashes!  Great for one stop shopping and one on one service!  I really enjoyed being the only customer in the room, no body asking questions, no phone ringing..You walk in, get your service done quickly.  I'm a fan!
5	I love Carolyn and La Bliss. I was introduced to La Bliss by her LivingSocial deal in May 2012, and I've been a regular customer since. I've been to her for gel manicures, her signature manicure, and her spa pedicure. I've loved all of them and they have all lasted awhile. We always have a great time talking and laughing, and she doesn't rush the pampering like I've experienced at other nail salons. I'm so happy I discovered Carolyn and La Bliss, and I won't go anywhere else in Charlotte to get my nails done.
5	The best kept secret that I know of. Carolyn has an amazing personality and on top of that her services are reasonably priced. I love coming to see her to get my pedicure's done. Shes patient and knows what she's doing. I enjoy the private luxury suite so I can enjoy my time one-on-one with her and there is no hassle of other employees interrupting. A must go for any of your nail or eyelash extension needs! Shes amazing!
5	Here I am one year later still an absolute fan of La Bliss. Why? 1. Ease of booking appointments via phone or text. Since this is a one woman operation she is able to curtail availability according to client needs and let me tell you she can and will.  Beauty of working for yourself. 2. Clean,  inviting,  modernly-furnished work space.  It is strictly a 1 on 1 salon and so cozy.  The plush leather massaging chair still feels and performs brand new.  Hardly ever any noise (cell phones,  chatter,  children) outside of pleasing music played through the iHome. 3. Quality of work always exceeds expectations. I primarily get manicures and pedicures here but have seen the eyelash extensions on a few clients (that drive from Fort Mill, SC just for her) and they are awesome.4. I feel good supporting a small local business owned and operated by a sassy Asian woman!
5	Awesome!!!!  Customer service was great. And Carolyn made me feel more comfortable than I've ever been while getting a pedicure.  Found my Charlotte spot!
5	I found La Bliss on yelp after moving to south end. Thankfully the reviews on Carolyn were spot on. She's amazing and she felt like an old friend after only a couple visits. She has wine and beer to make things even more enjoyable. I hesitated to write this review cuz its one of those spots you love and want to keep all to yourself. Lol
5	Carolyn did such a great job with my eyelash extensions!  I told her exactly what I wanted and she delivered!  I am definitely going back and would recommend La Bliss to anyone in Charlotte!
5	Ok another long over due review. I have only two mani pedi before I enter La Bliss. I will this was the best one I ever had. Carolyn was awesome. Her shop is great. She great music playing. She always have a great selection of wine and beer to choose from to aid in the relation. I love that it's 1 on 1 attention with out feel of being hurried. Carolyn is funny and professional and her shop is immaculate. Please make sure you do your hands and feet a favor and go to La Bliss
5	I've been searching for a great nail salon since I moved to Charlotte in 2006. I've had these nails done several places several times, but I had a glorious experience with Carolyn today. She sent me a confirmation text in the morning and I arrived a little early for my appointment that afternoon (didn't want to be late for the first one), and she was ready for me. After getting me a glass of vino, I picked out two colors for my pedicure and gel manicure. The pedicure was excellent! Very thorough and I love my OPI Cajun Shrimp on my toes. My gel mani was also wonderful. I didn't initially love the color I picked out and it was no issue switching to something that I liked better (and more out of the box for me) before the color layer cured! Overall, Carolyn was very professional and provided a great service at a reasonable price. I'm so  glad I gave her a try and will be back before the end of the month for a fresh mani/pedi! Thank you for doing what you do best, Carolyn!
5	First off I don't get manicures & pedicures as often as I should.....so my feet are just busted & my hands well they always look rough. Carolyn is just awesome! Located in the Lennox Salon in Southend she has her own little space with just enough room for a single station for mani/pedi's & a table for waxing & eyelash extensions (which she is known for).I always feel at home when I step into her room. She welcomes me with open arms, sets up your foot bath, & offers you a beverage. Then she gets to business! While enjoying a gab & a drink by the time you know it she's done and it's like she put different feet & hands on me. Love it!Although it is only one client at a time (which I totally enjoy) the attention to detail makes the intimacy well worth it.Thank you C!!!
5	I'm the kinda guy that likes to take care of myself.  When I shake someone's hand I don't want to have gnarly nails.  When I break out the flip flops I don't want to have busted Hobbit feet.  That's why I try to maintain my appendages.Carolyn was recommended to me by my lady.  The stories she shared convinced me I'd have a great time and her hands and feet showed me Carolyn's work was top notch.Like others have mentioned, this place is cozy yet comfortable.  The one-on-one attention was weird at first because I was used to large salons with rows of chairs, but to be honest, it was the best part of the experience.  Instead of staring at some random TV I was able to connect with a vibrant and engaging woman while she worked miracles on my hands and feet.  I gotta admit, I'm hooked.  There's no way you could get me to go anywhere else again.
