3	Only REAL reason we went there cuz my wife found a $5 coupon. So, we went. I did not have any big expectations and therefore was not disappointed. This joint is exactly what you would expect from this kind of chain places - Large, busy, kid infested, loud, etc We got this little girl waitress who had other little girl in tow for training. They did OK, if not were very prompt to remove dirty dishes from the table. Food was alright. Nothing to write home about. You basic run of the mill chain grade Mexican food. Maybe, a bit on the tastier side of the scale, to be honest. My Corona was good as was my wife's Rita. All in all, one CAN go there but should one? With abundance of good Mexican eateries around there seems to be no real reason to go to a chain one. "Its alrite"Eugene
2	YuckTwo stars because the margaritas were tasty.  The food was horrible.Everything tasted pre-made, pre-packaged, and horrifically commercial.  Yuck!
3	I'm not big on chain restaurants, but sometimes you have no other choice but to eat at them.My husband and I ate here last Friday as we just couldn't decide on a place to eat and since we were across the street from On The Border we just said "let's go there."We had eaten here once before about a year ago and I remember the food being ok, but not good enough to make me good back sooner than a year later. I ordered the empanadas (sp?), which were decent, but all I kept thinking was "I know this is  pre packaged frozen food" and the queso dip is clearly Tostino's brand dip. My husband tried one of their new chimichangas and he said it was pretty decent. The one thing I really liked about our visit was their version of a mojito. They call it a Mexican mojito and it was pretty tasty. Instead of rum they use tequila. The staff was friendly and accomodating. The manager even came by and gave us a coupon for a free app on our next  visit.The place was very busy and loud and one very unhappy child that wanted everyone to know just how unhappy he was. The food wasn't too bad, but I've had better and I will probably go back mainly to use the free app coupon.
1	Shame on me for going to a chain Mexican restaurant in Arizona. I must hang my head and sigh. My defense? I was in the Ahwatukee area, I was SO SO hungry, and my friend really wanted a margarita. Then, she ended up not even ordering a margarita! Oh well.I ordered the cheese and onion enchiladas (I was craving a grilled cheese sandwich, so cheese enchiladas sort of fit the bill). They were not very good. It tasted as if they pulled a corn tortilla from a package, put the cheese and onions inside, poured room temperature sauce on top, and put it in the microwave for a minute. I hate paying for food at a restaurant when I could have made it better at home.Don't go here. Really.
3	Plenty of eye candy here!  The HR person apparently uses that as a primary hiring criteria.  In fact, our young waiter was "so cute" that my wife wouldn't let me send my order back, even though two of the four plates come with something other than what we ordered.  My freind sent his back anyway.  If it wasn't for the cuteness factor, I'd have to give them two stars.  We had margaritas and beer, and the beer was the only thing with any alchohol content.  Buyer beware.The salsa was excellent, and the food was good, but there didn't seem to be anything authentic about it.
3	Yeah, yeah, I know..chain restaurant. But come on people, you know that going in, right? My husband got a 'gift card' from someone for this restaurant so we decided to spend it last night. The place is cheesy from the get go...the crazy psuedo mariachi music was irritating. However, the service was very good and we got exactly what we expected...and a little more. We ordered house margaritas and the 'made at your table' guacamole. Both were really good. The chips were warm and crunchy and plentiful and the salsa was OK. Good start. My husband ordered fajitas that were plentiful and 'pretty good' according to him. I ordered the fish tacos...also pretty tasty. Both were served with pretty bland black beans and rice. Yes, there were lots of kids and noise and please God, turn off that crazy music...but really when you can have a pretty good meal for that $50 gift card I am satisfied.
4	Despite the crappy reviews, I have to say I'm a fan of this place!Met a co-worker here for happy hour (which is M-F 3-7p), and was pleasantly surprised by the decent service, cheap drinks ($3.25 mixed well and even less for huge draft beers that the hubby was drinking), and 1/2 price appetizers.  We ordered 2 apps, the Firecracker Stuffed Jalapenos (YUM) and the chicken quesadilla (double YUM).  Perhaps we were just really hungry, but at like $4 each they were awesome!!!Also, their salsa is no joke.  It's tasty and spicy, just how I like it.  I only wish they had stopped bringing us the "bottomless chips" because I just kept eating that salsa all night.  I would say that their salsa would be on my top 10 list...  Hmm, speaking of a list...Anyway, if you're in the area and are looking for a good, cheap happy hour, give this place a chance.
2	Ate here several times and the only decent food is the rice. The service is good and the margaritas are good, but everything else sucks. If you are looking for good mexican food, this shouldn't be your choice!
2	when i go here i usually get the Grilled pepper jack chicken enchilladas with beans and rice and i really enjoy it.the service is fine meaning they could be a little more attentive but other than that its greati really like sitting outside outlooking the street (at night only) because its great scenery
2	I'm disappointed that people actually go here with all of the other choices around. If you're accustomed to the spicier flavors found in the southwest, the food at this restaurant will taste bland. The chips and salsa are nothing special- it's very much like buying a bag of yellow corn tortilla chips and name-brand salsa and putting it in a bowl. I've had the enchiladas here (the sauce is very tomato-y) and a couple of different combination platters with tacos, chile relleno, tostada etc. Overall, everything was very bland and uninteresting. I don't eat rice and beans unless they're particularly tasty, needless to say I took one bite of each and left them alone. I've also had an appetizer sampler with quesadillas, nachos, and taquitos- it was tasty while drinking but for the price, it's a better deal to put such a snack together at home. The redeeming factor of this restaurant is its patio. It's set up in such a way that very little sun gets in, and there are misters all over. The breeze blows just right so it's always nice and cool outside, even in the middle of the summer. This might be a good option to come for some drinks and hang out on the patio, but don't expect to be impressed with good Mexican food- you are looking in the wrong place!
3	Cold drinks, chips on the patio, great service from Rosco, kid friendly and the brownie sundae was terrific! Just enough authenticity in the food and decor to entice thoughts of a taking a trip to Mexico.
3	We decided to end our Summer Vacation at On The Border!Josh took excellent care of us!  We sat on the patio all by ourselves! The chips were really great and the salsa was a bit more intense than usual, which was fabulous. We found out OTB doesn't have pickles for their kid's burger.  The Mahi Mahi grilled tacos are really tasty. It was a great ending to our Summer Vacation fun!
1	What a sad experience. We stopped by the restaurant tonight around 6:30pm in celebration of our first date 13 years ago at On The Border. It didn't look too busy. The hostes welcomed us, grabbed our menus and started walking us to one of the many open tables. The manager suddenly walked up and told her not to seat anyone including us, told her to tell guests there was a 10 to 15 minute wait. We decided to wait. We waited for 20 minutes and the manager came out a few more times telling the hostesses not to seat anyone. After about 25 minutes we left. For a Friday night they were so understaffed, even for a partially filled restaurant. Kudos for the hostesses who were very apologetic.
2	Went to this location a couple of weeks ago for my husband's birthday. I was pretty disappointed this time around. Usually OTB is pretty good. The waitress was a bit of a pain. When she was getting our drink orders I had asked what drink choices do they have since I could not find any listing in the menu. She proceeded to again- in a much ruder tone- ask again what are we going to be ordering. After that whole thing, it took forever to get our food back even though there was hardly anyone in the resturant at the time. Then she didn't ask any of us if we needed any refills seeing that 6 out of 11 of us had ran out of our sodas ages ago. Probably won't be going back to this location for quite awhile...
4	Ok, here's a different take on this place than what I've been reading in some of the other reviews!I stopped in for lunch today, & found it to be very nice inside.  I immediately received a friendly greeting from the hostess & was seated in a comfortable high-backed booth to my liking.  Soon, my server, "Ali", greeted me with a BIG bowl of delicious chips with a cup of tasty salsa.The menu is set up very well & has lots of selections.  I ordered a Combo, to include Chicken Tortilla Soup, a Chile Relleno, & a shredded beef hard taco as my main items, plus black beans & Spanish Rice for the sides.Pretty soon my main food items arrived, & I started with the Chicken Tortilla Soup.  It was delicious, with white chicken meat, long slices of avocado, tomato pieces, thin Zucchini slices, rice, delicious Queso Asadero, & of course, tortilla strips.Whoever said the food here is bland must not have ordered a Chile Relleno.  Mine was fiesty, made with a NuMex Big Jim Pepper, filled with lots of Queso Oaxaca, completely coated with a thick batter, & then deep-fried.  It was crispy on the outside, yet not greasy.  There was also a cup of Chipotle Salsa on the side, to put on top if you like.  It was unusual & good!*  The shredded beef taco was large, made just right, delicious, & the shell was nowhere near "Taco Bell style"!*  The Spanish Rice was fluffy & good, & the black beans were beautiful, with just the right spices, pieces of tomato, & topped with Queso Fresco.  (Hey, I'm half Cuban & I know good black beans!)On top of all this, the service from Ali was perfect & the price for this feast LOW at $8.99 for everything!     :-))
5	First let me tell you that I love Mexican food, I've eaten some in Mexico as well as Arizona, and I have developed a good palette for 'spicy.' However - I go to a restaurant like On The Border the same way a film buff should approach a Michael Bay movie. I know what I'm getting and I'm not going to act all surprised when it's not the best I've ever had.That said - I thoroughly enjoyed my trip to On The Border and would return in a heartbeat (especially for happy hour).Went with a girlfriend for happy hour and ordered a half-price appetizer in the form of their steak quesadilla. It was very large despite the price and really delicious. I used to have a few quesadillas a week during my "cheese, cheese, and more cheese" phase growing up - so I hold quesadillas to a pretty high standard. This was a delicious start to the meal.The girlfriend ordered the pulled-pork baja fajita with salsa, I ordered the chimichanga with beef and queso underneath. Couldn't resist a Dos Equis Ambar for $2.25. They brought it in a goblet that was frozen and as a result there was a bit of slush at the top of the glass but really, when your only complaint is that "the beer was too cold," you know you've had a good dinner.I had a few bites of hers and completely devoured mine, which was an impressive feat considering I had eaten most of the quesadilla earlier. Everything was delicious and tasted very fresh. The queso under my chimichanga added just the right amount of spice and I was lucky to have arctic-chilled brew in arm's reach.Like Rand before me, I'm not exactly surprised by the negative reviews I've read for this location but that certainly wasn't my personal experience at this On The Border. Can't wait to go back.
3	LIVE GUACAMOLE!!!  ..you must order this.That's the reason to come here.. Ok, also their brisket tacos are insane.  I would give this more stars, but Im not a huge fan of their tortilla chips and they dont have cheese crisps on the menu.  You can still order one.
2	This is the only Mexican food restaurant you can go to and NOT find a Mexican either cooking or eating. I grew up eating "mexican food" this place is on the border just not sure which one. That being said there are some items on the menu which are good, but it's mexicanesque at best. I mean good food just don't get a craving for authentic mexican food and expect to satisfy it here.
3	After a 6 1/2 hour shopping spree with my sister, we were tired and hungry. We decided to try this place since niether of us had ever been there. The place was clean and comfortable, very cute. The staff was very pleasant and our server was the nicest!! The chips and salsa were very good! Our entree's had a great presentation and was very filling! I had the Dos XX Fish Tacos, with rice and black beans, they were pretty good but not amazing!! My sister has some chicken enchiladas which were yummy. This place is cool, I will have to go back and check out their Happy Hour!! Although, if you are looking for authentic Mexican, this would not be the place.
4	First of all I gotta start by commenting on all the white people trying to "rate" this place cuz they don't know REAL mexican food. They just need to shut up! Secondly, there is no good mexican food in AZ. This place is by far the best place I've found, the fajitas r good, the nachos r good, the chicken flautas r good. No complaints, after all this is AZ...
3	A-OK about says it all.  I can't say much else about this place.  Their food isn't bad, but the problem is that you've got a chain Mexican restaurant in the middle of Arizona.  Now, if I were back in Pennsylvania, I'd be like, "Yay! I'm going to get some Mexican food at On the Border because it is slightly more Mexican than Chili's."  But I'm not.  So go to Los Dos Molinos, or Macayos, or Serranos, or Espos, or Elmer's, or Los Favoritos... Si Senor?  El Zocalo?  Filiberto's?  Nando's?  Seriously...
3	This place seems hit or miss. Last time our meal was two-star. Today it was four.  The chips were hot, the salsa flavorful with just a tiny bit of heat.  We ordered off the lunch menu, and our food came reasonably quickly.My chimi was tasty, but they skimped on the green chile sauce.  My wife's enchilada combo was very nice also.  Service was speedy and friendly.A good experience.
4	The food was pretty good. Their sides are better than a lot of "Mexican" places. I only gave it three stars because it's close to several other Mexican restaurants all of which have much better drinks and drink specials. The atmosphere was nice but my husband hated all the tacky gazing orbs. They might've been xmas decorations, though. Everything was good and I know I'll go back, but only because I can walk there. Great service from everyone we interacted with and all of the staff were very thoughtful and informative.UPDATE: I've upped the review a star since going back. Their $9.99 pick 3 combo really is a great deal. I'll be back again!
4	Never had a bad experience here, at least not yet anyway. The salsa is always super yummy. Try the XX Equis fish tacos. Deeeeelish!
4	The food was good, there happy hour is pretty good. They forgot about our food but then they were quick to get it out
5	Take-out works just as well as eating in!  I ordered my usual Fajita Salad w/ steak and it was delicious.They send you home with plenty of chips and salsa, so you don't miss out on the freebies!
4	Yummy! Great prices, excellent value. Chips and salsa are fantastic, and the food was awesome. Great for families- we'll be going back.
3	We have been coming here for years.  This time the food was great as usual but the service was terrible.  Waited 20 min to order then had a waitress change before we got our food.  The place was not that busy to have such poor service.  They need to step it up a notch or we will stop coming.  I will give it another try and let everyone know how it is.
4	This is a much better mexican place than the overall score would lead you to believe.  The service is pretty great.  No waiting to have your drinks refilled and always cheerful and pleasant staff.  The restaurant itself is clean and has a nice decor with the required Dos X most interesting man in the world cut out.  They have a nice patio  to eat,drink a beer or hang out.The food here has always been better than I would expect from a chain mexican restaurant. They seem to do a much better job than the other chains in the area.  The salsa is a bit hotter than you would expect, which is always welcome, with some very good chips. The lunch combos offer a few non-meat choices with some excellent tostadas.Try:- Tostadas- Enchiladas
2	Thought we'd bring out of town friends to OTB. I guess they changed the menu, the food was marginal. We were a party of 6 and had to wait 20 minutes, for a Thursday night, I was surprised the wait was so long. And it wasn't busy, they scrambled for 20 minutes trying to figure out where to put us. The waiter did bring chips and salsa right away after we got our table, and did take our drink orders. Shortly later, our alcoholic drinks arrived, I guess the bar was backed up..? again, the place was dead..? overall, we will probably never go back, there are way better choiced for mexican food. I was pretty disappointed..
4	Made it back for another meal and the service was much better.  Food was very good.  The free chips and salsa are a plus.  I am giving them back a star.
5	Lots of nice spicy salsa. Quick service, but we were there at 3pm, so it's not like they were busy.
3	Salsa and chips pretty good. Really enjoyed the sampler platter and all you can eat enchiladas (only $8.99).
4	I was debating on whether or not to give OTB 3 or 4 stars because the food is just okay but the service was great last night and the drinks were very good so 4 it is. I had the cheese enchiladas last night with black beans and rice. The enchiladas were okay, the sauce was a little thick but not bad. The salsa is spicy which I like and I like to pour it on top of my enchiladas so this helped with the thickness of the sauce a bit. Our waitress was nice and very attentive. I ordered a Corona Light and she brought out a frosty glass to pour it in which was a nice touch.I will visit this location again because the portions are good at a good price. Not necessarily my favorite Mexican restaurant in town but it's good.
1	This restaurant is off my list for good. There was a time in different states that I would have considered them pretty good. Things have changed and it appears to be nationwide. The service was terrible...we received the "what do you want, your bothering me" attitude from our young female server on an early Saturday night last weekend. Our biggest clue should have been the now hiring sign that we joked about in the parking lot hoping it wasn't cooks. Our order was incorrect and I'm fairly positive the chicken in my 3 sauce burrito was frozen. It was perfectly cubed and had a squishy consistency. My friends veggie burrito came with chunks of partially cooked zucchini, squash and red peppers. The rice was just as bad.The only thing I found appealing were the re fried beans. Add a $5 draft beer and voila, unhappy customer.
5	Great place for some great Mexican food. I have been to both this location as well as the one in mesa and both are great. The food is great and the happy hour options are endless. I love eating outside the few times a year we can and they have a great area. TV's misteres, and heaters. Great for all year round.
4	Dietcoke chips salsa and guac yummy.  Food was cold.  well not cold but my cheese had hardened cause it was no longer hot.  and the waitress never came to check on us.  The manager was really nice and apologetic.  But it sucks on friday night to have a s... meal.
3	For a chain place not that bad-but typical chain Mexican food.  Nothing special. I do have a question though. Do you ever dust the lamps?  You could see the dust on the post that hangs the lamps all the way up to the top.  Kind of nasty.
1	this is the last time I eat here. last time there was a dirty folded receipt in the chips. taco tuesday get chrispy taco that was only 25 percent full. first time they served enchiladas with melted cheese that sat so long the cheese was no longer melted.  they obviously dont care about the product they serve
1	By far one of the worst meals I've had. The bathroom was backed up and all over the mats. That set the tone of my experience there
1	The service is terrible. I had to look around before someone noticed I needed something. A guy came over and sat across from me in my booth while taking my order. I found this to be odd behavior at this kind of restaurant. When he brought my water, he just placed it on my table while walking by, without so much as a nod or "here you go." Shortly thereafter a big bowl of chips was delivered by someone else and the salsa dish was maybe 1/3 full, and that server also just dropped it off and didn't even wait for me to say thank you - she just walked off quickly. Now, since I had already finished the meager salsa portion, I looked around and no one came by to ask if I needed more salsa or water, which I had also finished. I had to ask a manager who was talking with a hostess near the front door. He got me a full saucer of salsa, but I shouldn't have to seek out people at a restaurant to tell them my needs. The salsa is tasty, but the food was kind of boring and not quite the quality I expected walking into this place. I think my mouth gets more excited about a Taco Bell 7-Layer burrito. I don't think I'll go back to On the Border Mexican grill.
2	Not really a spot I'd chose, but in this strip of chain restaurants we were short on time and long on hunger. I'd give this 2 star in terms of food. On the brighter side, service was great and parking is plentiful.
3	I used to come here all the time for create your own combo and huge margaritas. I liked the plain ones frozen( they aren't afraid to pour the tequila in these babies)!!  Chips and salsa are very good, although not hot at all, so we would always pour hot sauce in to add a little heat. The cheese stuffed chile rellenos were good and cheesy, and the soft tacos were pretty good along with the empanadas.  Burritos are huge! Not really a fan of the beans, but you get to choose from refried or black beans, and they have other choices like veggies instead as sides.:)   Very good prices, servers are very friendly and would go back for the margs:) I would say 3 1/2 stars
3	Only went because we had a gift cards.  Otherwise, based on the yelp reviews and the fact that it is a chain restaurant we wouldn't have gone otherwise. The garbage can out front was so full it was spilling out on the sidewalk.The free chips and salsa were okay.The service was not very good at all - the restaurant was almost empty, lots of employees standing around and the food took FOREVER.Kids menu options are good and inexpensive.  The meal comes with main dish, side dish, drink and dessert sundae.  The lunch fajitas were good (except the veggies were cold and had to be remade.)  My son and I shared them and had more than enough food.We were charged 99 cents for a side of queso which was not worth the money.Drinks are $2.49 each!!  Pricey!The kahlua mud pie was $6.50.  It wasn't bad but quite small for the price.  I much prefer the one at Elephant Bar and it is much bigger and less expensive.
4	Go for lunch. My folks live here, I live at Arribas. This place is delcious. Two item lunch combo and a tall drink makes for a great day with family and friends. Take your parents here, take a date here food is always cooked excellently, always busy, friendly, and great. Never have had issues eating here. Sometimes take out would mess up which you just have to make sure when you go for pick up to double check, they are busy. All and all the food is always good, I like the shredded beef tacos, the chicken chimichangas, Flautas, Dos XX or dare I say Margaritas in small punch bowels that will make you happy. If you haven't tried swing by, if you have visit sometime.
4	Perhaps my love of OTB comes from having worked at one for 3.5 years, making it feel a bit like a second home. The location didn't last in my town so I was excited to get my OTB fix (after 4 long years) while visiting my sister in Arizona.The hostess was really nice and greeted us right away. Though quickly seated at a booth, it took quite a few minutes before a server came to ask if anyone had helped us yet. Seeing as no one had, he got our drink order (frozen house strawberry margarita! yesss!) and brought chips and salsa.They straight up haven't changed the menu  in a long time, as everything was exactly how I remember. We had the Vegetable Fajita, Big Bordurrito, and Ranchiladas...all of which were awesome. Other good choices if you're in need of help: Grilled Avocado Enchilada, Southwest Chicken Tacos, Border Sampler, and Ultimate Fajita.My sister and her bf have pretty much been disappointed by all the Mexican restaurants they've tried around Tempe since moving here 6 months ago, and while not authentic, she already wants to go back to OTB so she can get some Empanadas. This place rules!One odd thing I can add is that when we asked about the free queso for joining the email club thing, the server said he didn't think they were honoring that and there had been a meeting recently in which a manager said they weren't giving away free quesos anymore...but there is a chalkboard advertising it in the front entrance of the restaurant. Sooo, they should come to a decision. Do know it'll take a few hours to receive your coupon by email - we had been asking for future reference since she lives close by.
4	there is no good mexican food in AZ. This place is by far the best place I've found, the fajitas r good, the nachos r good, the chicken flautas r good. No complaints, I will be back several more times...
2	The service, chips and salsa were fine then it all went South.  I had the La Bandera (3 enchiladas) and all of them were tasteless and the meat was tough.  I went because I had a gift card.  As much as I love free meals I would gladly have paid double for good food.
2	Came to this location of On The Border a couple of weeks ago with a gift card that we had received for Christmas. It was pretty awful. Service was extremely slow for starters and the chips were cold and overly salted.I ordered a sampler plate with a cheese enchilada, beef taco and cheese crisp. It also included rice and beans. It took about 20 minutes to come out and when it did, it had a very long black hair right on the top of the beans. It was extremely visible and I do not know how no one could have noticed this before it was served. I understand that sometimes sh*t happens, but this was ridiculous and disgusting. I was quite turned off to the whole experience at this point. It took a good 10 minutes to get the attention of our waitress to bring out a different plate. She apologized and was quite embarrassed by the whole situation. She asked if I wanted another plate and I hesitantly agreed. About 15 minutes later I had a new plate. I really wasn't very hungry after all of that but I did try the cheese enchilada which was really just okay. The cheese crisp was semi cold and soggy.I do not know what has happened lately but this place has gone down hill fast. I will no longer be dining here.
1	If negative were a rating, I would give them just that.  I have been to this place 3 time to say it basically sucks.  The food is horrible and so is the service.  My first trip here I only remember the service being bad but the food was alright.  However, I returned for a lunch trip and the food was cold and made my stomach hurt.  The chips and salsa are great though!  I have avoided this place for years now.  However, the closing of the Macaroni grill (double gift card) and starvation brought me back.  And so, after we received our drinks we didnt see our waitress until mid-way through our meal.  We had to get help from another waiter.  When she finally decided to check on us, I sent my food back and the manager never made it to my table to see why!  We ordered the sampler and I hated it and my daughter got sick!The service is so bad - You ever been to a place that the service was bad but they took your money super fast!?!?  Well this lady took our money and still took forever to return.  Why?  I was so ready to go.  I immediately remembered why I didn't want to go back!!!!
3	Good food but very unconsistent based on the cook of the day. Also portions are based on the cook off the day!
3	I don't know what's happened to Mexican food in America.... I used to eat at on the border a lot when I was in North Carolina and Georgia on the East Coast. I think there's only one or two in all of ArizonaI decided to go back and give it another shot... Because I remembered I love the salsa in the queso of dip.The salsa is still awesome... But that cheese dip is like a goopy mess. 1) salsa is great2) cheese dip is not good at all anymore.  Actually it's better if you buy it in the grocery store in the jar and then heated yourself. It tasted better than what they serve supposedly fresh3) the fish tacos were mediocre at best... They fried the fish they didn't offer a grilled optionIt's American Mexican food... So it's worth three stars for what it is. But don't text suspect exceptional food. It's also a chain restaurant... However the food here was better than some local Mexican restaurants I've been to
4	It was my first time eating/ordering here.  I had a gift card and I ordered online.  Why because my kids decided to eat/play at next door Chick Fil A so it was convenient.  They have special parking for to go order pick ups, too.  Service was fair. My order was ready as posted about 20-25 mins after completing my online order.  The menu was extensive and intriguing/different than other mexican restaurants.  I ordered/created the 3 combo deal.  A chicken enchilada which was filled with chicken and 2 fish tacos.  Wow, when I opened my to go bag.  A huge portion/bag of chips! I mean a bowl full that you'd actually get at a table if you ate in.  Plus salsa (which was med spicy) The chicken enchilada was tasty and creamy.  The fish taco was also a good portion and filled with cabbage.  It didn't come with lime wedges but it was soo good and filling that I didn't even finish the 2nd taco.  I think it was also because I finished the refried beans.  I only took a bite of the rice/corn, which was good but I was already full.  So all of this was in my to go bag and all for $12 and some change.  Wow, so much food in comparison to Rubios' prices.  I've got leftovers for tomorrows lunch! I can't wait to try their margaritas next time I eat in.
5	Great food, place and service!!!I been here more than 20 times last 8 years. Never disappointed!
5	I've been coming to this location almost right after they opened. I always enjoyed their food and service. After all these years, I keep on coming back for more! Jeanine was our favorite server until she moved to the Mesa location and now we have Christine who is always on top of her game!  A couple of  suggestions: Easy on the salt! you can always add salt to the chips. I assume most people like salty chips but If you decide to stop adding salt to the chips, announce it as part of a "healthier decision". The second suggestion is to have a mild salsa if your only salsa is going to be this hot. (I always put a sugar packet to make it milder). Your new additions to the menu are tasty and well made. Keep up the good work!
5	I love this place...always have, always will! Each time I've been here, I've had very good service and delicious meals! One year, I even came here for my birthday and that was awesome! Love the food and staff and will continue to come back time and time again!
4	We went on a Friday evening and we really wanted to sit outside to see the lighting storm. It was windy, a bit of dust blowing, but I was surprised that the manager said It was OK. Also, we got in at 6:57 and the waiter didn't see us till 7:03 but still have us happy hour prices on our initial order. We got out fill, satisfied, and the bill was nothing to shed years over. It's sincerely not Mexican food. The hottest hot sauce they had was Chalula  which is a joke, but i would recommend this place to a friend. I'll just remember to bring my own hot sauce next time ;-)
5	Had a great experience at this place. I went during lunch, had the chicken fajitas, and loved them. I definitely recommend this place at lunchtime, as it isn't too crowded and the prices are better. Also, our waitress was amazing! She waited on several tables and even heated up the tortillas. She also gave my family water to-go when she heard we were on a roadtrip. Loved it!
4	The one in Rapid City, SD, where I'm from sucked so I have not been to one in years. Figured its close to the movie theater we were heading to and I was craving some chips and salsa. The On The Border chips that you buy at the grocery store are my favorite. We stood in the doorway while the bewildered hostess who watched us walk in contemplated lord knows what then finally acknowledged us after the ten people in front of is all going to the same table via the manager were being sat. We waited for about five minutes before a manager just coming on duty asked us if anyone had taken our drink order. We said no. In fact we had yet to even be greeted. All the while our movie deadline looming. First words out of the servers mouth was apologizing and saying there was a mix up. I I have to give her props as after she took charge found she was very attentive. I drank my soda in about two minutes and upon her first pass by the table after taking our order she had a refill ready. Good job. I told her we were pressed for time and our food came out fast. Our drinks were never empty not was really good service. Food was really good too. I had the three sauce chicken burrito and Jen had the grilled chicken. She was very happy with it. Other than the horrible initial impression which had me convinced this would be a horrible experience, the only down side was that the chips at the restaurant pale in comparison I the ones at the store. Salsa was good though with the perfect amount of heat. Just enough to make your tongue sweat. I seriously was not thinking this would be a good experience but the server really turned things around to shall I say, I was actually impressed. Good job Erica. We will be back.
5	I have been coming here for years now and it is never a disappointment. The staff is friendly, the environment is tasteful, and the food is incredible. It is authentic and delicious. The last few times I've come here, I've had the pleasure of working with Stevie, Zara, Shaneka and her trainee Tori. They have kept the good impression I have of this place alive. I highly recommend coming here!
1	Horrible service. Waited for soft drinks and waited unusually long for the meal. Also ordered a side of sour cream. Ridiculously small. Overall food was average, bland chain Mexican food. Will not be back. Ever. Too many other fine Mexican restaurants in the area. Adios!
1	We received probably the worst service we've ever had. We had 3 different waiters each only came to our table once. We only received one drink refill that took a half hour to get. The food was the worst mexican food imaginable. Think taco bell but they have chimichangas. Our order took forever to fill and was brought to the table wrong, so we waited again. Even after a comp meal and $15 off our dinner for 5 and an appetizer (queso and guac, a small soup bowl of semi soft cheese and a plate with a mashed avocado $8.5)  still cost over $60. Left a small tip and we will never be back.
5	The now two times that I have been here, I have been EXTREMELY impressed. The first time, we got several alcoholic drinks that were pretty great (and big!), and the food was seriously delicious. Tried it again a few days ago, and had the very same -- maybe even a BETTER experience. The waiter, (Robert?) was so friendly, and helpful, and patient -- even with some of our party's more picky/particular requests. Both times here I believe I've gotten what's called the Del Rio (?) combo -- SO freakin good. Fish taco, enchilada.. the tortilla chips they bring at the beginning are even good, very lightly salted and the salsa is fantasstic.Maybe this isn't a bona-fide Mexican place, but it certainly ranks way above your Taco Bells. The food is of excellent quality and tastes GREAT.Highly recommended. I don't believe you'll be disappointed.
2	Ehh this place was just ok. Service was kinda slow. The salsa that comes with the chips is HOT! Food was mediocre. We wouldn't come back...only came here bc IKEA is across the street. We've been waiting for our server to take our check now for a good 21 minutes!!! It also didn't help that I got bit/stung by something while sitting outside on the patio that caused my foot to itch and burn something awful!! Note to management: you may want to spray out on patio if you don't already...
1	Horrible visit.  Sat at the bar for 5 minutes before getting service.  I ordered 1 double ketl and tonic and 1 double ketl and cranberry and the bartender rang it up as four drinks so I paid $30 for two drinks! Wtf. There should've been a double button on the pos. But they obviously don't train their bartenders correctly.  And it definitely wasn't a 6 count pour for a double.  Will never go back.
3	Ok, not a bad place at all.  I usually stick to appetizers. The portions  are large and enough  for 2 to share.  Fairly fast service and decent prices.
5	Love the sizzling fajitas.  You must select the carnitas as your meat choice.  Then, top it off with an ice cold dos XX s beer in a frosted mug.  Also really good sangria swirl margaritas.
3	Well, I went to this restauraunt on my brother's birthday, said it was great, so me and my parents decided to go.. After receiving a basket of chips, I almost got full since they were so good! I ordered 2 tacos with no cheese which came out to $8.99.. Okay price but the food should have been better than any other mexican restauraunt that serves tacos... My tacos were outstanding, the rice was a bit cold, my beans were also cold and didn't taste right.
