2	Oh how sad. Full of younger kids who don't really know that gay doesn't need to be synonymous with slutty or bitchy. Big dance floor area, and a bar quartered off by a chain link fence (for real). Sigh. Kind of what you don't want a gay bar to be.
2	Basically, if you don't need a fake ID to get in/aren't interested in pedophilia ... don't bother.
3	Everyone loves to bitch about Pegasus but I enjoy it in small doses. It's the 18+ club, so you'll get lots of attitude and pretentiousness, but in exchange you get lots of eye candy. Drinks are expensive, and it's only busy here on Fridays. But it's the only real gay dance club Pittsburgh has and as such it fills a niche nicely. Occasionally electro or goth type bands perform here as well.
2	We used to call this place Tons of Sluts.Because pretty much, that's what it is.  There's a fence that fences you into the bar... it's.. ridiculous. It's not cheap.I only went for drag shows.  But if you're looking for a wild drag show and cheap drinks head to Blue Moon in L-Ville on Butler Street
3	I came here on a Saturday night as a birthday bash. There really weren't very many people at this club and most of the people who were here were very young guys. Hell, I even ran into a guy in the ladies room. lol He got confused because the doors didn't have signs that said "men" or "women". Instead just the Greek symbol for male/female adorn the restroom enterance. The atmosphere was fun, yhe crowd rather easy going. Drinks were expensive and as I handle my alcohol well, my "date" paid a premium price to get me my birthday buzz. The dj played techno, and every 4th song was a Lady Gaga song. NO KIDDING! There was a male stripper who performed 2 times that night, stripping down to his pervocative undies. Not the best place to pick up a date, but good for some dancing and fun. I am a PROUD supporter of the GLBT community and you can't change my mind so no hate mail. Thanks.
5	I am so absolutely disappointed that Pegasus closed! The name has been around for so long and many people know of it, even if they've never stepped foot in it. Pegasus was an amazing bar/club to go to to dance, socialize and roam their 3-4 floors. The dance floor was spacious and there were so many places to go if you grew tired of dancing! I never had one bad night at Pegasus! Every night there was an amazing adventure! The staff was great and the people there were so much fun! I met some great people there and the crowd was almost always friendly and fun. I really hope that Pegasus comes back because Pittsburgh needs it!
