2	I took my car there for an oil change and a free 30 point inspection. Turns out my car needed some work, no surprise, I figured it would. I had it done elsewhere for 3 reasons. First, the quote was quite high, second, I had to ask several times for a written quote, and third, I left without even knowing what was checked. I didn't receive any information other than "your car needs this work". I didn't feel that was very professional. Oh, and the battery must have been disconnected at some point because the anti-theft feature on my stereo was activated and I had to have it re-set somewhere else so I could use it again.
4	I've taken my car to Vegas Auto Care for repairs and oil changes a few times over the years. The owner is friendly and answers all my questions.  If he says he can have my car fixed by such & such time, then I know I can count on it.  And it's almost always sooner than I'd hoped.He charges more (something like $39.99) for an oil change than places like Jiffy Lube, which often advertise for $19.99 or $24.99.  I asked why he charged more for this (because for major repairs, I've found his prices to be cheaper than other places), and his response was that he didn't understand how other places could do it for so cheap because they would have to be taking a loss at those prices.  Well, I have a theory.  Have you ever taken your car to a lube shop because you had a coupon for a cheap oil change, only to be told that your car has a problem you were completely unaware of, and that it will cost you $350 to fix -- but because you're such a loyal customer, they'll give you a 10% discount to do the repairs?  My theory is that this happens with unusual regularity at such places. That won't happen at Vegas Auto Care.  And if it did, then I would believe them because in my experience, the owner is an honest guy and the mechanics are top-notch.
5	Auto repair places used to be like a visit to the dentist. Painful! You go in with one issue and they tell you that you've got about $2K more in issues that need "immediate attention!"I read some good reviews about Vegas Auto Care after doing a google search. The review that stood out was from a lady who said she had never felt more comfortable at an auto repair place. That sold me to give VAC a shot. After my own experience I can't agree more! I went in with what I thought was a starter or alternator problem as I had only had my battery for a year and it was one from autozone with a 3-year warranty. After John ran some tests he came to me and said it was only a bad battery. I totally convinced myself that it was something else so a shady mechanic could have played off that and told me yes it was the starter or alternator. Not here!John showed me the batteries he had in stock and I told him mine was still under warranty so I could get it replaced for free.  I paid for the diagnostic and he let me drive away. Amazed?! I was too. Now prepare to have your mind blown!As I'm at autozone the kid helping me change my battery touches the negative connector to the positive terminal (or the opposite). It shorts the fuse on the connector and my car won't do anything. Totally dead! I call John and he sends a tow truck down. Once back at VAC he tells me it's the fuse and he'll need to order a part. It's the close of business on Friday so my car would be stuck there all weekend. I work on weekends at a nightclub so this totally doesn't work for me. What does John do? He rigs my battery to  bypass the dead fuse so my car will start so I can get around. He tells me to come back on Monday to get it fixed for real. He only charges me for the tow and I'm on my way. Seriously! What mechanic would ever do that?!When I return on Monday he says the part is ready for pick-up at a nearby Nissan dealership. I pick up the part and the guy at Nissan doesn't charge me. I get back and tell John he didn't charge me even though I tried to pay for it. John seemed a little peeved but at the Nissan dealership, not me. After he repairs my car I try and reimburse him for the part. He just smiles and hands me a stack of his business cards and tells me "No charge. Spread the word."Mind blowing!!!So Yelpers, if you ever have a car problem do yourself a favor and go see John and his crew at Vegas Auto Care! ESPECIALLY if you're like me and were always afraid of getting shafted by a shady mechanic.
4	I have called the owner and asked about pricing for certain repairs on my vehicle and I have found that he is very honest and doesn't pull any punches. I know that I can bring my vehicle to him and I will receive an honest price and dependable service. When there are so many dishonest idiot "service/repair" places in Vegas it is refreshing to know there are places like Vegas Auto Care out there. They may be hard to find, but once you do.........................YELP THEM!!!
5	Brought my car here for an emissions smog problem they fixed the check engine light bulb and also helped me with my license plate bolts for no charge.  This place will get my business again and I would send friends here.  They are good to go.
4	Very Competent people that you can trust.
