4	STR! Second to review ain't bad when you're riding the coattails of the CM.I'm not sure I'm in love with this place, but it certainly is a nice and cheap spot to hang out with friends on the strip. It's got a shuffleboard table, a custom-made pool table, and an old school video game table. All of this resides within a pretty hip hotel lobby area that kind of reminds me of the Artisan, mainly because there is a constant stream of well-dressed party-goers coming in and out of the hotel elevators (minus the European accents).It was cold and the pool was closed, so we didn't get to experience that. We did take a peek, however, and it seemed like your standard hotel pool area.Overall, I'm going with 4 stars primarily because it's a refreshing change from the usual strip fare.
4	I never thought that I would hang out in a hotel lobby.  Those are for checking into the hotel and getting a newspaper, right?  Not at The Royal House.  I must not hang out in enough hotels, because a hotel bar is a novel enough idea to me.  Get some drinks at a hotel without having to go to a nearby convenience store?  I'm good with that.  And yet there's much more to do in this lobby.For starters, when you first enter you will see a pool table sitting in front of the elevators.  Free pool table!  Is the pool table occupied?  Well kill some time at the shuffleboard.  Free shuffleboard!  That table taken up too?  Well how about the two player arcade cabinet by the bar?  Free arcade games!  If you want to relax, there's also a lounge area at the bar with music constantly playing.  And if that's not to your liking, hopefully you have a musician with you because there is a piano in the lobby as well, waiting to be played.  For sightseeing, be sure to go through the art collections they have on display.Again, I never thought that I would hang out in a hotel lobby.  And yet this lobby is able to entertain a group of 10 for several hours.  The pool is also supposed to be free, but I haven't been to it.  Yet.  If you're near the Strip and looking for a place to hang out and not spend too much money on your recreation, The Royal House has you covered.
5	I second what Anthony M wrote in his review, about hanging out in a hotel lobby.  But The lobby at The Royal House is not your typical hotel lobby.  It is filled with fun stuff to amuse and occupy your attention while you are there (waiting for the daily Mob tour to start, chilling with a glass of cocktail from the lobby bar, escape from the heat outside, whatever floats your boat). The shuffle board, pool table, free arcade loaded with 60 games, a piano, art exhibit in alcove, cozy lounge sofas, etc. are enough to make me want to make a long detour home after work.  Not to mention a great place to escape the 3-digit heat outside.Definitely a place to hang out for locals.  Just leave it as nice as you have found it, or else this gem in the desert may be off limits to non-hotel guests.Ambiance:  5/5Fun diversions and games:  5/5Price:  5/5  Free games, reasonably priced drinks.Parking:  5/5  Plenty of parking.A 5 star review,simply basedon the amendities found in the hotel lobby area.
4	This is a sweet hang out spot. I am use to hotel lobbies ushering out loiterers, but not at The Royal House. In fact, besides the Yelpers helping with the decorations for an upcoming event, the clientele seemed a mix of families and sketchy "professionals". The large space is broken up into a few sections; the bar area has seats directly facing the bartenders, and a counter breaks up two different lounge spots. The one closest to the bar has a few tables and chairs while the other side has some ottomans, a couch, and two love seats. The second area was comfortable enough for some people to create masterpieces. While the artistically handicap, me, popped out randomness. The free games tempted me, but I was good and stayed focus. The pool table is upfront by the entrance, shuffleboard by the ottomans, and some old school video game machines along the walkway of the bar.  If you don't know how to play shuffleboard, you should learn. It is not the kind you play while on a cruise ship, or at a retirement home, but the kind while throwing back a few beers.
4	Nice for parties, it was very nice of them to host the Yelp party.
4	I really like the Royal House.  I was there for a comedy show last night and I saw the changes that many Yelpers had mentioned.  The pianist in the entrance foyer was very good and it was relaxing waiting for my friends to join me.  The new mini art gallery just to the left of the entrance was really nice!There's a showroom on the second floor that has recently been created.  Who knew?  The comedy show was good, and I'll probably come back after they get a little more experience under their belts.Barrymores looks like a restaurant I'll try.  The Royal House is really with it!
5	I checked out this place after dinning at The Barrymore. I like the small quaintness of this Boutique hotel  and I'm looking forward to staying here on my next trip to LV.There is a piano in the lobby and even a pool table steps away. On a Tuesday evening they had a duet playing in the lounge area and they sounded good. The prices I was quoted at the front desk are so resonable compared to the larger hotels around 60.00 less a night!
4	The Royal House was perfect for my first party promoting my film festival. They have an accessible screen that pulls down so if you have videos or films to screen it's ready to use. They have their own DVD player and projector. The sound quality is very good. The lounge area is warm and inviting with couches and comfortable chairs. You fee right at home. The lounge has its own PA system so musicians and artists can easily plug in and perform. The decor is very cool and artsy. It's like the poorman's Cosmopolitan...in a good way. There's TVs by the bar. The Royal House is getting more popular and becoming a trendy place for hipsters and its very versatile. After my last party ended, my two musicians playing acoustic wrapped up their gear. But the party wasn't over. These great jazz musicians plugged in and our party continued on. It's a great place with a very fun and funky atmosphere. I highly recommend it. In fact, I'm having another party there in Jan. 2012.
4	Had a great time at the Royal House's Christmas tribute to the Beatles. My first time at the Royal House, I had no idea what to expect. All I knew is that I was either going to hear wither some really good or really bad Beatles covers. I couldn't have been more impressed by the quality of the local bands (Same Sex Mary are now a new favorite!), and the unique vibe. I can see this becoming a new hang out for me, especially if they keep the local music coming. Only downside was that they ran out of certain drinks at the bar. Not that big of a deal for me, since I'm not much of a drinker (And that being said, I'm not sure if this happens often at bars). But other than that it was great. Hoping to see more events from them soon.
5	I could kill a few hours just hanging around the lobby here! We walked around a little after eating at The Barrymore. I noticed they have a lot of free games to play (old school video games, shuffleboard, pool, and Foosball) along with a pretty cool piano for your listening pleasure. They even have a couple miniature gallery rooms with some awesome art hung on the walls. Whether you just want to lounge around and sip on some cocktails, play games, or even just take some artsy pictures, this is definitely the place for you. Now, if only the rooms would match the lobby, I'd probably stay here all the time.
4	Super cool!!! The lobby is so much fun, there is a lot to do. I saw a bunch of teens/20s at the pool tables and some kids playing shuffleboard and foosball. Nice option for the families that don't want their kids just hanging around an arcade all day. Lots of cool places to sit, chill, and enjoy a drink or two.
5	Came here for a private event last night. This is the second time I have been here. The first was a Yelp event so I was prepared for what they had to offer.Its such an amazing lobby. So much to do while you sip your drinks. They have itdecorated very nice. Beautiful sofas and chairs..and plenty of them so there is always a place to rest.They had an amazing piano player last night. He was playing some Queen and Ben Folds. It was pretty sweet.We partied here til 2:30 in the morning!!I cant wait to come back again.
1	I had the WORST EXPERIENCE EVER, I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE IT HAPPENED. DONT EVER STAY HERE, THIS PLACE DOESN'T DESERVE ANY BUSINESS. about a month ago my friends band was headlining a show there, we packed the place, spent all our money having a great time, we all stayed there too. About 8 rooms we had all together. In the morning I stummbled out of my room to ask the front desk for MATCHES so I could have a cigarette outside. Next thing I know the security man grabs me starts to man handle me and pushes me outside. Says I'm kicked out and that he's calling the police...BECAUSE I LEFT MY ROOM? I'm five foot one and petite, wearing jeans and a tshirt, IN NO WAY WAS I THREATNING LOOKING OR LOOKED LIKE A PROSTITUE. so at this point I'm getting scared, call my son at home and tell him to call 911 because I'm being harassed and pushed around by the security for no reason. I have never been treated like that in my life. Finally my son gets ahold of my friends who are upstairs sleeping, and they come down and save me, we leave. I call the corporate office, who then gives me the name of the manager. I call him and explain what happened, he tells me it's my fault because I admitted to being intoxicated from the night before. REALLY, REALLLLLY, SO APPRENTLY IT'S NOT OKAY FOR ADULTS TO CHOOSE A LOCATION FOR A PARTY DRINK GET DRUNK STAY THERE, AND NEED MATCHES IN THE MORNING. I WAS BESIDE MYSELF WHEN THAT'S WHAT THE MANAGER SAID. THEY ARE THE WORST, WHAT HAPPENED TO ME WAS FLAT OUT WRONG, AND I SHOULD HAVE PRESSED CHARGES, INSTEAD PLEASE READ THIS AND SERIOUSLY CONSIDER GIVING THIS ESTSBLISHMENT ANY BUSINESS. IF ANYONE HAS ANY QUESTIONS FEEL FREE TO EMAIL ME AND I CAN ELABORATE. jaynafay@gmail.com
1	The worst experience ever! First of all, they have 2 different names- The Royal House and Royal Resort. EIther way neither of them were recognized by any staff in LV. I mean ANY staff. When we got off the plane, the shuttle drivers didn't know who they were. I called to confirm reservations, and the staff there couldn't even explain the difference in names. When I got to the hotel, we were greeted by some man that explained they overbooked and they needed to move us to a new hotel. This was so frustrating, because we already took a cab there. You would think good customer service would at least mean to get us a cab since we already wasted money to get there. One of the main reasons I booked this hotel to begin with was the location so I asked him how far this new hotel was from the strip. He said it was close, but come to find out it was a 30 min walk. The staff at the hotel he put us at had no idea about the reservations and it just became a mess. This was the worst experience ever and I learned NEVER COME TO THIS HOTEL!
4	I booked my latest trip to Vegas using Orbitz, and for my budget this little gem of the desert popped up. I have never heard of or seen this place before so I wasn't even sure about staying there. After some research, I decided, what the hell. It's not like I'm taking it home to mom. Anyway, I'm really happy I ended up choosing it. It was very cozy and I still got to be close to the strip without paying strip pricing. They don't allow smoking in the rooms but they do have a tiny balcony (and I mean like protruding only 16in before you fall off kind of tiny) that you can puff away from. It doesn't have a casino though, but it's only around the corner from the Wynn so it's not a problem to just walk over there and gamble. It's also right next door to a KBBQ spot and a good sized liquor store, so that made it a big plus for me =)
3	I've only been to this place a couple of times, and I'm really not sure how to feel about this place.  It was cool last time I was there, and I remember thinking I should go back.  Especially since they had shuffleboard.So last night I was there for an art show, and they took out the shuffleboard and put in some slot machines.  Lame.  Then I ordered a beer from the bartender, who said a Blue Moon was $6.  Seems very overpriced for where I was.  So I gambled instead, and the bartender then lectured me on how I should be careful because some bars don't comp.  Only place that's EVER happened to me was Wynn & Encore.We chatted about it, and he told me a story of getting fucked at some bar in Henderson, but seriously dude... we're near the strip.  Everybody comps drinks when you gamble.  No, I will not ever ask if my drink is comped.  If I find out it's not, that's your bad as a bartender for not warning me, and I will be walking away sans beer to never frequent your establishment ever again.So yeah, this place isn't high on my list, nor is it low.  It's just there.
5	If your looking for old school Vegas with new flare on the strip, then this is your place. Trust me, I was born and raised in this town and my family has been here since the early 60's. Best secret in town!!
2	Based on the photos and reviews, I expected something a bit better.  However given the low price, I should not have expected a true "boutique" environment.  This is  a review of the hotel only as the lounge, music and food was probably geared more to a very young crowd.  Rooms were clean, had the basics including a fridge.  Seems to have recently been renovated, decent furniture.  TV was your basic small screen, limited channels.  Bathroom was clean however was missing some of the toiletries you expect such as shampoo and conditioner.  Helpful housekeeping staff- provided extra sheets so we could eliminate the old style bed cover and cover the blanket- creating a more modern, healthier bed cover.  I hate blankets that are used again between guests.  Front staff was inexperienced and not very polished.  Probably used to a younger crowd.The location was great- convenient to our wedding destination- The Wynn.  Overall-  I would say your basic- motel type facility with a lounge targeted at a very young crowd.  Seems that it might be in a transitional phase.
5	Didn't know about this beauty til one of my bosses friends told us about it we got a great deal on their website -- the staff were very nice and the housekeeper was super helpful and friendly! I am definitely staying here again for my birthday weekend! :) I would recommend this place if you prefer something quiet and right by the strip along with not your typical casino hotel -- this is the RIGHT place!
1	THIS HOTEL DOES NOT EXIST!!!IT'S A SCAM!!!How do I know?  I found out the hard way...Back in January, I was searching for a good hotel in Las Vegas for an upcoming business trip.  I was delighted to find this page for "The Royal House" hotel.  It had great reviews and decent rates, so I quickly booked a room for four days through the website above, http://royalhouselv.com/.  Shortly afterwards, I received an e-mail confirmation, they charged my credit card, and all was good until I called to confirm the reservation.That's when I learned:1). There's no such thing as "The Royal House" hotel.2). The real hotel is "The Royal Resort."3). The Royal Resort contracted with the people who made http://royalhouselv.com/ to sell rooms at their hotel.4). That contract ran out on January 1st.  (I booked my hotel on January 3rd, and as of April 4th, http://royalhouselv.com/ was still up and running, accepting hotel reservations!)I talked to a manager named Victor from The Royal Resort.  He blamed the whole thing on the other company, and took absolutely no responsibility for what happened.It apparently would have killed him to send an e-mail to the people at Yelp to get this page taken down, or write a review like this one to warn people so they are dupped.Even worse, he said they had rooms available when I had booked them, but wouldn't honor the rate that I was given through http://royalhouselv.com/!  The "discounted" rate he offered me was 3-4x higher than what I paid.In the end, I had to call my credit card company, dispute the charge, and make other plans for where to stay.PLEASE DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID!
5	GEM! This little oasis of Vintage Vegas meets Millennium hits the perfect LIVE MUSIC Note!  Drinks Strong, tall and inexpensive. Ownership is the best rumor has it this place will be expanding into a real alternative for boutique chic gaming, nightlife, daylife and OG Vegas fun!!A must do if you love a nod to REAL LIFE romanticism..
