3	I have been passing by this little greasy spoon, dive diner for some time. I decided one Saturday that I needed to stop in and try it out. There is not a lot of seating present and you can tell most of the patrons are regulars. We found one table open and sat ourselves. The cook/hostess/server/busser was with us in moments of being seated and taking our order. We both decided on the 2 egg breakfast with water and she was gone instantaneously. It was amazing how ephemeral she was in her movements and appeared as though she was in multiple places from time-to-time; an obvious benefit of working in such a small diner coupled with years of experience.Our drinks and food were quick to come out and nothing looked out of place. Nothing that we ate would ever be considered gastronomy, but it was all tasty and cooked properly. The real shock was the price tag; I don't know that I could cook breakfast for that low a price. I will definitely return when I want a quick breakfast.
3	Came here for lunch.  Got a chili dog and bacon cheeseburger for less than $5.  Not bad for the price.  It is a small place.  However, don't expect much.Three of us walked in and sat the bar.  Both the ladies working there looked up then went back to what they're doing.  One was on her phone the entire time and was forgetting customer orders left and right.The beef patties were frozen, they use american cheese (fake cheese), and white buns.  They basically cooked a fast food joint burger which is expected for the price.  The chili dog was decent.  Chili tasted good as well as the dog.Overall, it is cheap eats.  I can't say the food was amazing but for the money it is ok.  I'd say it is about the quality of a fast food joint just a little bit better prepared.  I do not like the idea that their cup of water came from the same faucet where they wash their hands though.
3	When you go into this place you must be patient.  Chances are that you are going to have to wait to get your meal.  The place often gets very crowded and you always meet new people to talk to which makes the time goes by quickly.     I always feel more welcome by the customer, including the ones I never met before, than I do with staff there.  The food is reasonably priced.
