5	Our daughter lives above the eatery and had never been there, I had lamb shank, wife had red snapper and daughter had scallops. Fine food, fine friendly service from a family run restaurant.  Centrally situated for Edinburgh U affiliated, also a block from the Scottish NAtional Museum, and across the road from Festival hall
4	I first visited Ciao Roma over a year ago with my family and we have been there for regular meals ever since, testimony to both the quality of the food and the general experience.  The service strikes that unique balance between being funny and friendly but without being irritatingly over-concerned for your welfare.  The food is consistent with a wide variety of hot and cold starters, great pasta dishes, pizzas and other authentic Italian mains.  I usually have the penne della nonna; a pasta dish with a spicy sausage and tomato sauce, whilst my sister and mum regulary enjoy their ecclectic selection of pizzas.  My dad, however, ordered a pizza with jalapenos, sausage and anchovies the last time we were there, describing it as a 'wierd combination' upon eating it -  probably an acquired taste.  Nevertheless, the food is reasonably priced with most mains hovering around the 9-10 pound mark and being delicious when they arrive.  The restaurant is family-run, in a great location and has an unusually inviting atmosphere, making it well worth a look if you're in the area.  You just might want to avoid any obscure pizzas lurking on the menu!!
5	I have been going to Ciao Roma for years, to this one and the other branch in Perth.The service is always great, the staff are helpful and good at recommending dishes. It is good for a girly lunch or an evening meal. The menu is quite extensive and includes the usual pizza and pasta as well as salads, chicken dishes, seafood, steak and risotto. There is a good choice of starters as well, my problem is I can never decide what to have because everything looks so good. The pizzas are tasty, with delicious crispy crust. I also have enjoyed a sausage pasta dish and the gnocchi here. I never manage to finish though as the portions are quite generous. Great little Italian offering a wide range of delicious dishes at very good prices.
4	Around Southbridge can seem like Italian restaurant central. However this isn't a bad thing at all. Edinburgh might not be as well known for its Italians, compared to the likes of Glasgow, but it still has a few gems. They might not be world renowned but some remain very memorable. Keep this in mind when you visit Ciao Roma.Ciao Roma is decorated in a pseudo classical motif. "Roman" statues and figures adorn the walls and corners of this large restaurant. Whilst not original, this theme does give the restaurant a distinct aesthetic, if not somewhat taken away by some more out of place paintings and wall decorations. Despite its size Ciao Roma is a touch crowded, with a lot of tables packed in. This reveals what is at its heart, a reasonable, family friendly, unpretentious restaurant.The staff are typically not only friendly but carry a chatty Italian charm. It's sometimes hard to tell whether they are genuine or if they are in fact displaying well develop stage personas!One of the restaraunt's greatest charms is the upper level, called the Hispania. This part of the restaraunt is no different in what its serves but is decorated differently. Instead of the naked classical forms displayed in the main part, this section of the restaurant has a seven-seas, 18thc century pirate theme (presumably Spanish). It's really quite odd, but all the better for it. Pirate skeletons sit at tables and gazing sinisterly over the land lubber diners. Hanging up above you notice a cage, imprisoned inside another skeleton, peering down. This is clearly a favourite for children and those with child at heart.Keeping with its less flashy feel, Ciao Roma sells Italian standards, with a range of pasta and pizzas, as well as a few more original dishes. Prices are reasonable and a student discount is offered.A distinct restaurant, great for a family meal, student treat or just for some comforting Italian food.
2	Admittedly we were here during the Festival, so service and quality is not expected to be high. This place is simply a place for people who never have decent Italian food, and are happy with something in the neighborhood of Italian. I'd suggest a tattie or chips in a local pub for your money.
4	My girlfriend and I stopped in because we were on our way out of town after Hogmanay and looking for lunch.  I was happy with the food, but she thought it was the best place ever. I thought the service was great...the people were so friendly, considerate and helpful!  However, if you're used to London or the US (like I am), any service in Edinburgh seems friendly and helpful...so take this as you wish.I thought the food was great, the atmosphere was decent and the people were so nice.  Price wasn't bad either.  She had the spaghetti bolognese (I had half of that) and we both loved it.  I had something I can't remember, but I think it was more of a white sauce.  It was tasty, but I liked hers better.  The traditional Bruschetta was VERY good.
4	I've only had ice cream from here... apparently the winners of "Best Ice Cream in Scotland" from the Highland Show.. they don't disappoint!Their ice cream is all made in house and they are happy to let you have tasters before you make your final choice.Definitely pop in for a scoop or two!!
3	Okay, I know, I know, three stars, not exactly conclusive, but hear me out here.Firstly: the food was amazing, my pasta al forno was so good in fact that I have had several dreams about it that were sexier than my Josh Holloway dreams. And that's saying something.So, why the three stars? One word: service. I had reserved a table at 6 o'clock for me, my best friend and her ten year old son. Now, I had mentioned that we needed a quiet table, preferably somewhere at the back, out of the way, since we had someone with autism in our party. Upon arrival, the girl who seated us was extremely uncooperative. She took 15 minutes to discuss (or rather debate) with me on where we wanted to be seated. Despite the restaurant being very empty, and it being a Tuesday, she still gave me what I can only describe as a hard time getting seated. Eventually she placed us right next to the kitchen, in everyone's way, with people constantly buzzing by. Very, very poor service.The other problem was the general inattentivess of the staff. I understand, it's 6 o'clock, you're just getting started, and you wish you were somewhere else, anywhere. That, however, is NOT something the customer should notice!Would I recommend this restaurant as a result? No, no I would not. I would however to tell you to get their take-out pasta al forno. It's delicious.
5	For someone that has been to a fair few italian restaurants in her time I can be quite hard to please but oh boy I so wasn't expecting this restaurant to be so good. For a start it is so deceiving from the outside just how big this restaurant is. I had just been to the Festival theatre with my husband and son and we thought we would just see if we could get a table. It was really busy but the staff were very friendly and cooperative and although we were seated near the kitchen and next to a quite noisy table it was fine. The decor is lovely quite ornate and in keeping with how italian restaurants appear in Italy.Although the service wasn't that speedy they were very busy and the staff were very friendly and quite attentive. The five star definetly goes for the food which was just amazing and my young son had an ice cream at the end of the meal and said the ice cream was just as good as he tasted in Sardinia on holiday in the summer!!!I would highly recommend this restaurant if you fancy good quality italian food but make sure you allow plenty of time to eat.
2	This restaurant was decently rated, but my experience didn't live up to the high rating. Our waiter seemed very rushed & very inattentive. He never came to refill our water, it took a long time to even find him to get the bill. Interestingly the only thing he was doing was taking orders. Other people brought the drinks, brought out the food, & cleaned up. I thought he'd be more accessible with so little to do. The chicken I ordered was dry, & the sauce was very overpowering. I never tasted the chicken, only felt the over cooked texture. My friend's pasta was better than my chicken, & cost half as much. Granted it was busy, but the service lacked, as did the food. The bright spot was the homemade ice cream. It was as advertised, but not enough to make up for the remainder of the dinner. With so many options nearby in Edinburgh, including many Italian restaurants, I'd look around before settling on this place, unless you're just getting ice cream.
5	They won best ice cream - and it's seriously the best ice cream I've had or that I can remember!  It's homemade ant you can tell by the way they serve it that it means a lot to them.
4	The most amazing Goats cheese starter was followed by the finest Spaghetti Carbonara I've yet eaten.Great, friendly service.Good value for money.
5	The only thing better than the food here is the service. My wife and I are extremely impressed with this Italian restaurant. It's a little further down bridge str than we usually go, but well worth the short walk. This is my first 5 star review and it's well deserving of it. Try the lamb shank and of course save room for the ice cream. Pistachio was our choice flavor.
