5	LOVE Pure Body Fitness Studio!! It's a unique group exercise fitness facility with so much to offer! Each room is dedicated to specific work outs. 1. TRX room2. Boot camp3. Yoga 4. Cycling5. Pilates6. Barre7. And all the amazing les mills classes!-BodyPump, CXWORX, Body Attack, BodyStep, Body Flow.CLEAN Facility, fab locker rooms, and awesome staff!! Two thumbs up for PB fitness! :-)
3	I went when they first opened and they were definately going through some growing pains. Seemed like every time I went there they had some kind of issue.  Also the instructors were very hit and miss. Probably more miss.In the last few months they have really stepped it up. The have a ton of great instructors now, more variety of classes and the facility is really nice. If you forget something like a comb, hair tie or even deoderant they have it for you.
5	This is by far the cleanest workout facility I have ever been too. They have great instructors who know what they are doing. They also offer so many different types of classes that they definitely have something for everyone. If you are looking for changes or a place that offers options I would definitely come check out PureBody Fitness.
2	I never write bad reviews, and I am very disappointed that it's come down to this, but the lack of customer service and communication I've had can't go unshared. It all started from the beginning with the delayed opening. With constant e-mails and no responses on opening dates or progress; I finally received an e-mail a month after my last on a projected date of open. Everyone was contacted and given 2 free months, great! I finally realized that I was also supposed to get 2 free months from a referral (a new client promotion before opening), but never received either of the 2 months. They eventually gave me 2 months for the referral but never followed through with the 2 free months they promised in the e-mail about the opening. Anyways there's more to it, but not worth the explanation. Following the opening, they had an event. I went to the event to see what they were offering and what was going on. Entered my name into the drawing, not really paying attention to the prizes or even thinking that I would win. About two weeks after the event someone contacted me saying I won a $25 gift card to IceHouse, well long story short, my schedule and his schedule didn't match up and it took weeks of phone calls, until I then realized he no longer worked there. After speaking with another person who worked there, they were going to see if they could find it and call me back. I never received a call back, so I contacted them a week later, and they said they couldn't find it and will see if they could get me another one and get back to me...another week goes by and I contact them again. Their response "we have a new manager and I will check to see what he can do for you." It's been well over 3 weeks and I still haven't heard back. I don't care about the gift card it's the lack of follow up and communication that really disappointed me in this situation. If a customer was promised something, you deliver in anyway you can. Besides the customer service issue, even though they are adding more classes, the schedule is awful. The prime classes are only offered one time a day and they are only open for 3-4 hours on the weekends. Their market is definitely not the working class unless you work close by, but if you get out of work at 5pm and have a 20min commute without traffic, good luck making it to a class! This studio is not the right fit for me, but may be for you! I just hope that they improve their communication and customer service. I did enjoy going to the Body Pump classes and TRX! I just wish my schedule permitted me to go more often and they had better customer service!
