5	A special store with wines that are often "off the beaten path" but memorable.  As its motto says, the owner has collected wines "to believe in".
5	As a wine-spoiled NYer, during visits to Madison I had lamented the lack of a really good wine shop until I visited Square Wine. The shop features a good selection of well-priced artisanal and natural wines from small producers that are not available locally elsewhere, including wines from less well known areas like Jura. Andrea Hillsey personally selects the wines and knows her stuff, offering regularly scheduled tastings. This is a great place to find wines that pair well with all types of  food, and to expand your wine horizons.
5	Getting back into wine isn't easy after a year of deployment. It's amazing how much you can forget over that time when you don't drink wines from the end cap at Pick n' Save.  I happened to be walking by this place and stopped in for a peek.  What a fortunate occurrence. Andrea has compiled a selection of wines that could match what I put on my wine lists in previous occupations. It's a great line of well-made wines from solid producers at very reasonable prices. The selection goes from easy on the pocket bottles at $12 on up to crest just over $120.  She also holds tastings on Friday evenings for $15.  Here's to hoping she'll be a mainstay on the Cap Square for a long time to come.
5	Damn you Square! I should actually curse Old Fashioned... first for being a place I think I'm going to enjoy, eh, second for the silly wait times. The place is HUGE, why are they ever on a wait? It was 40 minutes for a table Sunday which made it so I had some time to kill and Square became the place where friends decided to pass time. Buuuuuuut instead of aimlessly wandering, I tasted, asked questions, engaged in cool wine convo and walked out with two bottles. Yeah, yeah I know what you're thinking... "suuuuuuucker." But honestly, I'm pretty stoked about my purchases. Square has a knack for stocking the joint with some cool vino, not random stuff that nobody wants, but amazing stuff that THEY want. It's their biz, why not fill out the place with things they love?! And I gotta say, I want what they want. I walked out with a delicious sounding Grenache blend and a Shiraz that together were under $30. My purchases have been saved in their handy dandy system so when I have no idea what I drank in a month they will. AND if there's something super special I have a hankering for, so long as they can track it down and order in small quantity, they'll get it, and that sort of rocks my socks off. It's hip to drink Square! (Boom!)
5	A wine store with great product and without attitude -- sold. Hits: Unique selection, savvy staff, great industrial space, often hosts events, their tweet pics are beautiful, witty Facebook posts (see their Easter post), and awesome hours Yes, you can pick up a bottle of quality wine on the square until 8pm. All about it. Misses: None. Hints: Check-out their webpage for event line up. They provide a great, commitment free way to learn what you like and what you don't.Bottom-line: This place isn't about being the "smartest" wine drinker, it's about finding out what works for you. Go spend money. Keep the asset around the square.
5	I love this place and believe it to be a much needed addition to the capitol square.  A variety of price points, super knowledgeable and friendly staff, and an excellent view of the capitol are just a few of the things that make this Square Wine Company a treat.I first checked out this place during a Friday night wine tasting and was pleased that the environment was welcoming and not too "stuffy".  This is not your grandma's wine shop.  It is hip, laid-back and current.  Just like Madison!
5	I'm just starting to explore wine, and this place is starting me out on the right foot. The owner is very knowledgable about wine, and at the same time very approachable, able to dumb it down for those who need it, which is very much appreciated!Diverse wine selection, and they do not try to up-sell you a bottle of wine! As some of the reviews mentioned, if you give them your name they'll keep a list of what you've bought in cause you just have to have it again. And for the first time ever, giving your name away does not mean you'll be flooded with daily emails!
5	We swung in to grab a gift for a friend, and ended-up joining their wine club as well as purchasing a bottle of Pinot for ourselves.The owner was extremely helpful - she pointed us to a few options and offered a ton of knowledge and suggestions. Prices run the gammut - from under $10 to over $100 - you're sure to find something to suit your budget and tastes.I can't wait to get the first delivery from the wine club! The wines are paired with recipes as well, so this should be incredibly fun.Whether you're new to wine or a seasoned somelier, you'll surely enjoy Square.
5	Rose is running out y'all. But guess who has awesome cold weather recs? These guys. And guess who has an awesome newsletter where you can find out amazing info about upcoming tastings and special speakers? (These guys again).
4	Super fun shop if you want unique wines.  I think the owner is fan of Italian wines - there was a lot, but who isn't.  If you are a wine lover stop in you won't be disappointed!  There is also a price points for everyone!
5	Nice boutique wine shop on the square.  I like the fact they carry smaller and more obscure wineries.  Staff has tons of knowledge and never steer you wrong.  They have wine tastings on Friday and Saturday and you can buy a bottle in house and drink it there (and take it home if you don't finish it all).  I must admit I never have the problem of finishing it there......
4	Square wine company is conveniently located on the square with floor to ceiling windows in the front and great views of the Capitol.  I haven't been here for any of the tastings,or the happy hour they do once a week, but have been in a few times to pick up wine. The space is inviting and has a trendy warehouse feel. As you would expect the wine selection is huge and prices start at about $13 (no two buck chuck here!) and go up from there. There is really something here for every budget and the staff is always friendly. Can't wait to get back here to take a wine class or do a tasting.
4	The owner, Andrea, is a fabulous wealth of knowledge.  If you don't see a particular wine, ask.  She might be able to get it.  She also carries a great selection of wines starting at about $11 and up.  The store has some beers and ciders too!  Friday is Wine Tasting Night for $15 a flight, you keep the glass and Saturday is $10 a flight.  I'd recommend checking them out.
5	Do you know the most widely planted grape in Italy? Do you know your Lambruscos from your Proseccos? Do you know the name of the mountain range in northeast Italy that provides vineyard elevations ideal for grapes like Pinot Grigio, Friulano and Teroldego?Me neither. That's why we have Andrea.She is *super* knowledgable about everything wine and can give you pairings Dionysus would be ashamed he didn't think of himself. Square has something for every price range and some nice beer and cider too. I've been meaning to get out to one of the fabulous wine tastings I keep hearing so much about. One of these days...
5	This is my kind of place. Andrea, the owner, has a great selection of wines and she is always so helpful and willing to make suggestions or answer questions.They offer tastings on Friday nights and Saturdays after the Farmers' Market. Highly recommended!
5	Always receive very helpful service the minute I walk it.  Great wine selection, never disappointed with any of the wines I have purchased here!
5	When traveling we always look for unique, local spots and we're lucky enough to stumble across Square Wine. Besides a great location across from the Capital building and near busy State Street, this little wine shop offers a nice variety of both old and new world wines along with well executed tastings, and expertise from its passionate and knowledgable owner, Andrea.We left the shop with a lovely Sauternes and will definitely return when visiting Madison.
