4	I was fortunate to receive an invite to BLT Steak, the newest restaurant at Bally's Las Vegas. Our table for four wasn't quite ready for us, so we grabbed a drink at the bar. Our bartender happily suggested one of their signature cocktails with basil and watermelon. It was mighty refreshing, slightly sweet and herbaceaous. I enjoyed it, but the overall crowd pleaser was their take on the Long Island Iced Tea. It was refreshing, with some bite. Just what I like in a cocktail. In addition to cocktails, they offer top shelf liquors, bottled beers and varied selection of wine. Prices range $8-$15 for most libations.Once seated we were given an amuse bouche of pate and jelly, with toasts. It was a lovely presentation, but a bit rich. Later came the popovers that just might have made BLT famous. These monsters are light and airy, simply perfect with a pat of butter and pinch of salt. The egginess couldn't help but remind our group of Yorkshire pudding.The menu offers seafood and poultry, but you must try the steaks ($20-$60). They are aged (mostly dry), broiled and finished with herb butter. We had the filet and bone in NY strip. Both had beautiful crust and were cooked to a perfect medium rare. More juicy and tender than you might expect. They offer sauces to accompany the steaks for a few bucks, but we agreed we liked the steaks on their own best. Though, the horseradish that came with the three mustards was the favorite. We also had the 2 pound lobster which had a lovely presentation, great flavor, it was delicate and tender; the trouble was there wasn't enough meat to it.The sides ($10-$13) were heavy on taters, you could have them six different ways. We opted to try a variety, we shared onion rings, potato skins, hen of the woods mushroom, and caramelized brussels sprouts. We found the sides, with the exception of the brussels sprouts - now, those were delicious - to be the weakest link of the meal. We thought they were too basic, we expected a twist that would elevate your traditional onion ring or potato skin, but nope they fell flat.Dessert ($10) was really decadent! Portions are large and good for sharing. We had the crepe souffle, warm chocolate tart, peanut butter chocolate mousse and mini doughnuts. The passion fruit sauce on the crepe would've been better served as a drizzle. It was cloying and overpowering. The tart was more of a lava cake, but the pistachio ice cream was wonderful. The PB and chocolate mousse was rich and heavenly, though, I didn't care for the banana ice cream pairing. The doughnuts were light and similar to churros and I really enjoyed the coffee ice cream.Overall, it was a great meal. The staff, while warm and welcoming, still have kinks to work out, but in time they should be operating a well run ship. Rumor has it, the Sterling Brunch will return.
5	My husband and I got to experience this new steakhouse inside Bally's. The food was great!! We started with the spinach with bacon vignette salad. I was surprised with the flavors of the salad. The blue cheese added to the mixture of flavors. I am normally picky with meat but the filet mignon was so good. I recommend it, it was nice and tender with good flavors. The flavors got more intense with the horseradish sauce I ordered. The mashed potatoes and mushrooms were average. Overall the setting and server service made the night. If you are around the Bally's casino, stop by BLT Steak. You wont be disappointed.
2	Took my mom for Mother's Day after seeing a show at Paris.  The popovers were outstanding.  Flaky, Cheesy, Salty Deliciousness.  We shared the Bone In Rib-eye which took almost 45 minutes to be served, and it was undercooked.  Although it was very flavorful, it was not a good cut of meat.  I am not sure if I have ever seen a tendon in the middle of a rib-eye, but this one had a large one running through it.  It was overall a fatty piece of steak.  The Bone In at Joe's is far superior for the same price.  The service was slow even though there were many servers present.  Did I mention the popovers were amazing?  Probably would  not go back.
5	What a nice surprise.. Cancelled our Flemimgs reservation so we would not have to drive and had one of the best dinners ever at Ballys where we are staying.  Steak was cooked perfect and well seasoned.  The popovers were awesome.  Dessert was a warm chocolate tort and really finished off the meal. The server was friendly and attentive.  We would absolutely recommend this place.  You will not be disappointed.
5	Excellent food, paired with GREAT service! Our bartender was very knowledgable about the food and drinks :-) it's a must try!
5	Ate at BLT steakhouse in Ballys casino tonight an the food was great, everything from the liver moose to the warm popovers. My server Megan's suggestions were perfect, everything she suggested was truely good, she was very atentative, to my every need , an I will definitely be back to eat there real soon.
3	Great service and decent food, however not comparable to Joe's. The 4 stars is really just for the great service. The salad was over dressed, popovers were a bit on the salty side. The highlight of the meal was the liver mousse with jam....
5	Not bad for a steak joint up in Bally's!I sat at the bar dining alone that night.  The bartender and servers were very attentive and never once I felt pushed away.  I ordered me a glass of tempranillo; ding nice indeed.  I went with the hanger steak and side of potato skins.  They brought me some starters, which to my surprise were very good especially if you're a table bread person.  They're popover bread is no joke and pretty darn good along with some sea salt.  The hanger steak was perfectly cooked; nice and tender with a tab bit of a crush on the outside to give a crunch - Yum!  Overall, great experience and couldn't ask for anything more.  Great service and food! - Enjoy!
4	We went here for a nice steak dinner. They give you complimentary popovers. First time i had them and they were good. We started with the tuna tartar. We thoroughly enjoyed the tartar but they give you chips to eat the tartar with and very few of them. Slightly disappointed. I ordered the lamb chops because they sounded yummy. Boy oh boy i was very happy with my choice. Great flavor! I ordered a side of asparagus which was cooked perfectly. They were nice and crunchy. My friend ordered steak. The NY strip with bone in. He said it was fab!The truffle mash-potatoes were not as good as i thought they would be. My other friend's steak was not worth the price but i forget what she ordered. The staff was attentive. If you leave to powder your nose, the cloth napkin will quickly be snatched up and refolded for your return. They also sweep off the crumbs from place setting for each course served. Kinda tedious if you ask me. So food overall was good. However i would never go back. The prices were high and you don't get sides with your meal.
3	This is our second time going to a BLT Steak, and may end up being my last. Don't get me wrong, this place makes a decent meal. But for the prices they charge, I don't see the value.Our trip to Hawaii a few years ago ended with a above-average dinner at BLT Steak. I found the STEAK was the most disappointing part of the meal, and that our server enhanced our experience with offers and explanations of different sauces to try with our meats.On our recent trip to Vegas, my girlfriend wanted to go back as she had such great memories from Hawaii. Our dinner was nice, but more of the same. We were seated to a quiet, half-empty restaurant and immediately helped out by our server. I wanted to look over the wine list but found a lot of their wine prices were definitely high. Thus I wanted to wait until i had decided on my meal.The chef sent out complimentary liver pate with a crostini which was tasty and appreciated. Being just the two of us though, I felt bad not eating much of it as we had made room for steak and only steak.Then the popovers came out. The popovers are delicious and never disappointing. I enjoy that they even share their recipe with you to take home for the brave few who want to try and repeat such success. We got two monsteorus popovers and shamefully ate 1 3/4 of them.The meal was nice, though it did not have some of the same options they had in hawaii. We settled for a Filet, a parm-herb crusted veal chop, and a truffle mash. The girlfriend enjoyed the filet very much, suggesting it was better than the last steak we had in Hawaii. But she also craved one of the sauces but couldn't remember which one it was. She asked the server, who brought out a peppercorn sauce. It ended up not being the one she had liked but by that point it didn't matter.My veal chop was nice, but having my first veal chop, it was not at all that I expected. I take responsibility for that, it just seemed very fatty (not tender meat but fat). The real drawback was the parm-herb crust which was so thick and strong I didn't get much flavor for the veal. I cut and chewed and tore at this thing before I finally gave up. Half the parm-herb crust ended up scraped off.We both enjoyed the truffle mash, sharing it was the perfect choice. It was whipped to an almost cream-like state which was a little strange but it had such a tremendous flavor.All in all, we got our $170 check for our two entrees, two glasses of wine, side of taters and a $2 charge for the sauce we didn't like (which caught us off guard). Their menu had two prices for everything, adjusting for those with player cards, i believe. Because of all the numbers and the different colors it was hard to figure out what was what, and for the $200 we ended up dropping on this meal I can assure you I wasn't impressed for the money spent. The girlfriend will likely be back but I think this was in turn my last visit to a BLT Steak for some time.
2	I've dined at pretty much every great steak house in America.  The Palm, Morton's, Ruth's Chris, Angelo & Maxie's, Sam & Harry's, even Bern's in Tampa, you name it I've eaten there.  Anyway, last Monday, I took my wife to BLT's new place in Vegas for her birthday.  She had eaten at their place in Scottsdale and enjoyed it.  Monday is a quiet night in the restaurant business so I figured let's do it.   Staff was nice, but for a high end steak joint what a disappointment!  No drinks ordered, no appetizer.  Had their "signature" popovers, which were over baked (Hard outside and not fluffy inside like they should be).  Well, we looked forward to our steaks.  Wife ordered a filet, I ordered a bone in rib eye. We made small talk for 20 minutes.  Then 30 minutes.  Then an hour.   FINALLY a full 1 1/2 hours later we got the steaks.  Both were ordered med.  rare.  Wife's was fine, mine was close to raw.  Let's say very rare.  Asked to have it cooked more.  Manager comes back in 10 minutes with a medium cooked steak.  Let's see, 1 1/2 hours for the first steak (Very rare) , 10 minutes for the second (Medium).  Something doesn't compute?   When we got home I researched out the company phone number in NY.   Contact is normally via email on their website.   I was pi$$ed and wanted to vent.  Young woman said a "director" will call me.  Nada, no call.   They obviously don't care about customer retention or brand loyalty.   Lots of restaurant choices in Vegas so they obviously don't count on return customers.   Won't go back.   Also, won't go to BLTs in other cities. $155 birthday dinner and it was a lousy experience!
5	Great experience, super attentive and nice staff. My Rib Eye with marrow was so tasty and I loved the brussel sprouts with bacon. Hubby had the same with grilled asparagus and my son loved the tuna. We especially liked the complimentary duck pate with crostini and gruyere pop overs! See you next year!
5	Nice dim vibe. Classy jazz music. Nice restaurant in Bally's. Not busy and easy to get seating. First came the toasted bread with jelly, which was compliments of the chef. The jelly was smooth and mild. It wasn't sweet at all. More of a savory rich taste. There was something beneath the jelly which looks like peanut butter but tastes nothing like it. Perhaps it was almond butter? There was a complimentary bread that was nice and steamy when you broke it open. One of the best breads I have had at a restaurant.I ordered the 10 oz filet mignon cooked medium rare. Very juicy and great with the added butter. The chef also provided complimentary dessert. Brownie bites. So much complimentary appetizers and sweets that I didn't even order any. I am a stuffed animal now.Server was very attentive and did a good job. Always on the look out for you. Can't complain about the quality of service.
5	Larell, Stephanie and Bia were incredible bartenders. They truly made the experience one of a kind. The food was amazing.  Double smoked bacon,  tuna tartar and duck liver (compliments of the chef)  were amazing.
5	I was skeptical of a steak house in Bally's but I was proven wrong. The layout of the restaurant was ok but the service was exceptional, from the moment we arrived the staff made us feel special. Pre appetizer offered by the kitchen was delicious variety of meats, Iberico ham, salami, etc. The Caesars salad was fantastic! Popovers came to the table next, so good I would go again just for the popovers! Then the entree arrived, lobster and filet mignon, so much food, food coma was setting in, waiting for the check the kitchen offered sweet treat to send us on our way, what a fantastic meal! It may cost a little more to eat here but we left feeling like we had a true eating experience, so many great flavors, we couldn't stop talking how much we loved the food and cannot wait to go again! Congratulations to Bally's for opening a great restaurant and thanks to the team at BLT! You deserve a round of applause!
4	I came here and sat at the bar which had a full menu. I wasn't sure what to expect as the restaurant was fairly new. The bartenders were very friendly and professional and once I informed them that I would be dining that night, they set up a full spread for service. I ordered after having a cocktail and they sent out the popper which was quite good. Chef also sent out a complimentary appetizer which was also very good. The shrimp cocktail that I ordered came out timely and was delicious. Between courses my water glass was constantly filled with great service from the staff. My main course was the Maine grilled lobster which was excellent. I ate it all with a loaded baked potato - very good. Chef sent out a comp dessert which put me over the top. I would eat here again for the lobster but I would likely try more steakhouses if craving beef. Overall it was an excellent high end dining experience.
5	The food was fabulous! The service was exceptional! Well worth the $60 steak!!! (No need for steak sauce). Everything was decadent! The mashed potatoes were to die for. Amazing steak house! A must go to in Vegas...
5	A lot smaller than the LA location. But who cares!! I'm not here because of how big the restaurant is or the color of the dining room walls or carpet. I'm here for Steak... Delicious, Tender and Flavorful beef. First we start off with some complimentary Foie mousse.. Foie being legal so it's nice being in LV and not LA. Then you get this amazing Gruyere popover. I crave this popover!! I order the Shellfish tower for one which includes: Half Lobster, crab leg, 3 oysters, 3 clams, 2 prawns. Perfect little App before my meal. I ordered the Bone-in Ribeye that comes with bone marrow, roasted garlic and herb butter. This steak is flavorful, juicy, and exactly what you expect to taste. I must say the crust!! That crust!!! You just can't get this crust anywhere!! I've eaten everywhere. Craft, Cut, STK, Masteros. No where!! Never been to Peter Lugers, but that's next.
5	Their complimentary liver moose and popover were so great! Me and my boyfriend ordered lobster bisque that were so satisfying, we also had the truffle mashed and the grilled asparagus for appetizers and they were great. As for the steaks, I had the ribeye and my boyfriend had the ny strip, and both were really really good.
2	Seriously run away... Run away because they put a BLT Steak in Bally's. Run away because the service is the worst! I sat at the bar and the two employees have no clue. People being serviced out of order. Mistake after mistake. Hasn't this place been open for over a month? I visit a BLT Steak whenever I am in a city that has one. Hands down... The best cooked steak around. The decor of this place is so bad. Miami is the most beautiful of all the restaurants. The lighting, the colors on the walls, the banquettes... Everything seems off. This could have been amazing! Nothing worse than seeing management standing around. It makes me crazy! My two phrases are... You lean, you leave and you have time to lean, you have time to clean. This could be the first BLT Steak to open and close in the same year. So surprised by the whole experience. Ugh!!!
5	Best meal we ever had! No kidding. The bone-in rib eye was cooked to perfection with amazing flavor. The 2lb lobster was out of this world and the oysters were incredibly fresh and tasty. My husband and I couldn't stop talking about the meal days later.
5	Best.Food.Ever!!! BLT burger & potato skins were enough for two, &  Bartenders Stephanie, Ted, & Larell made our night - GREAT service! !!
5	I don't normally use profanity in my reviews, but "Jiminy Jillikers Batman!", that was an amazing meal! Hopefully the Yelp higher-ups don't see that and everything will be gravy baby! BLT Steak really blew me away during my visit. The ambiance is amazing considering this restaurant is located in the back area of Bally's Casino. I was surprised to see that BLT has an open concept location. I thought the slot machines and general white noise of the casino would bleed into the restaurant, but once you walk-in casual conversations and soft music is all you pretty much hear. The service was impeccable from the first glass of wine that was poured to the end of the dessert menu. Every time a food order was served it came with a brief explanation on how it was prepared and what exactly was on your plate from left to right. After each course, plates were promptly taken away and glasses were refilled, the table was cleaned, new silverware was placed down, and I was ready for the next foodie exploration. The food at BLT is amazing!  I didn't necessarily love everything I ate, but still respected the time and craftsmanship that went into it. For example, we were given a Duck Liver Mousse in a small mason jar with a sealed lid along with some sliced and toasted whole grain bread. This was compliments of the Chef and although the presentation was beautiful, this wasn't my favorite. Guess I'm not the "Duck Liver Mousse" type of guy. I also tried cheese and bacon crostinis with a sliced meat plate which consisted of sliced Chorizo, Sopressata and few other cured meats, I can't recall their names, but these were absolutely amazing. Great way to get my palate and tummy ready for business.After the appetizers the main course arrived...Braised Short Ribs, Truffle Mashed Potatoes and grilled White Asparagus. This was a sexy looking meal, literally food porn right in front of my eyes; I felt naughty. The Braised Short Ribs came to the table in a cast iron cauldron and it was still simmering in it's own juices. These savory juices added an aroma to the table that made my dinner mates increasing jealous with every waft. I dug into this large portion of short ribs and was amazed at how easy they slid off the bone. I took my first bite and I swear the meat was dissolving before I even began to chew. To describe these as tender would be an understatement; buttery, smooth and delicious would be a good start. Then I got crazy and added the Truffle Mashed Potatoes to each bite of short ribs. I think I went into a full food orgasmic episode. I couldn't stop.  Every bite made me more and more excited. If you're not getting it, this meal was f**king amazing!As I slowly started to come out of my food induced wet dream. I sat there and couldn't stop thinking about the meal that was presented to me. Holy smokes there's no possible way to fit any more food in me..."Would you like to see the dessert menu?" our serve inquired. "Yes, that would great!", I exclaimed. I won't get into these sweet creamy details because my I might make a mess all over again. I'll just say, "Banana Cream Pie". Oh Yeah. This place is a must try whether you're a tourist or a local. Bring your father-in-law here and maybe he'll finally call you a man, and shake your hand.
5	Was skeptical bc this steakhouse is at ballys. It was delicious!!!! The bread turnovers are to die for and the filet mignon was so tender. I also tasted their tbone. Wow- twas juicy like a big ole ghetto Booty ;)It exceeded my expectations.  And service was 100% too.
5	We truly enjoyed our dinner last night. It was my birthday but my fiance and I have a deal not to announce it at restaurant's. From beginning to end it was wonderful. It was definitely my first pinky up dining experience. We were going to cancel the bread but so glad we didn't, the pop overs were wonderful! They come with a little recipe card which I will definetly try. I ordered the beet salad and my love had the spinach salad.  Then we ordered the porterhouse for 2.  It was cooked to perfection and it melted in our mouths. The banana cream pie with the pecan crust finished off our dinner with a bang! We will definitely visit again!
2	Went there on 8/31/2014 for my 40th birthday celebration. Was really excited to try BLT after the good reviews. Was very disappointed. Shouldn't a steakhouse know how to cook steak? My husband and I both ordered the bone in ribeye medium. After 30+ minutes both came out well done with no pink whatsoever. Both were sent back and after 15 additional minutes mine was cooked perfectly while my husbands was once again charred and well done again. How do cooks at a steakhouse not get it right?! The server was great and the popovers were to die for. Also the potatoes au gratin were the best I have ever had.
5	We had a great time at the BLT. The porterhouse for 2 was grilled to perfection, tender and a great tasting cut of beef. The sides were very tasty. The service was  great. Our server Juan took very good care of us. There was a gentleman with a Barry White voice refilling our drinks and clearing the table, this made the night perfect. We will be back.
5	I have to say that this place was absolutely phenomenal! I would go back there in a heartbeat. I'm posting this a little late; my husband and I went there for dinner about 1 month ago at the end of July. This was our honeymoon and I am so happy that we got to experience this restaurant.Firstly, the hostess was very very sweet and asked us if we were celebrating anything special. I said that it was our honeymoon and they treated us like gold. They seem to be very nice accommodating and customer friendly anyway so I have no doubt that they would have true that's just the same had it not been a special occasion.  The restaurant was very clean and decorated in a very modern and contemporary atmosphere. Our waiter was fabulous, explaining everything on the menu, going over all of the specials in cocktails explaining everything in detail. He was wonderful! Everything we ordered was awesome. To start, we got complimentary duck pate, which I've never had before but it was really good! After this course, they provided complimentary cheese popovers, which were again amazing. They also provided small recipe cards so you can make the pop overs at home if you wish. I thought this was a very nice touch and very classy. My husband and I shared the Porterhouse  for two, got a few sides, and also three dipping sauces to try. Again everything was delicious!  We picked everything clean!  Additionally, the cocktails were very good. My only criticism is that each cocktail was $14 each which, I know is Vegas, but still, a little expensive.  Naturally, we had to splurge on dessert and we weren't disappointed. So rich and delicious, each I believe were only $10, which seemed like a steal compared to everything else, haha. Howeve, my favorite part throughout the whole experience was watching the staff members throughout the evening. There seem to be multiple managers walking around, checking on customers, in addition to the incredibly efficient wait staff. I was very impressed that multiple folks came by to ask us how our meal was, how experience was, and knew that it was our honeymoon and congratulated us.  It made us feel really special and made the experience very personalized.  They also gave us a complimentary dessert which were too small chocolate bites because they knew it was our honeymoon and my husband's birthday was the day before. It was cute, small, and had a lit candle in it which was very nice.We absolutely loved it and I wish that there was one near off in Boston! It would probably make us go broke!
2	Very sub par. Took an hour and ten minutes between the first ordered appetizers to the main course. The crab legs were insanely over cooked and discolored. And the porter had a weird metallic flavor to the meat either from the cast iron pan or just from searing the bone for too long. Not a happy camper.
5	I would highly recommend you stop in and enjoy a fabulous meal. We couldn't get a reservation but were able to eat from the full menu while sitting at the beautiful bar. We shared the tuna tartare as an appetizer and followed that with the bone-in ribeye. It was charred on the outside and cooked perfectly as well as very flavorful. It was served with bone marrow too! The tuna was ice cold and delicious. We tried the truffle mashed potatoes - fantastic! The Mac and cheese was good but a little salty. Everyone raves about the popovers for good reason. We were on our way to a show so didn't get to try dessert. We were glad we ended up seated at the bar as the restaurant itself seemed a little too dark. We agreed we will go back next time in Las Vegas. Compared to other steak houses on the strip, this was priced right and better than others. Hope you try it and enjoy!
5	A perfect dinner experience in a shabby hotel. I would have never expected that kind of restaurant within the Ballys Hotel. I sat at the bar with full menu. The staff is super friendly. Stephanie took care of me and made dinner a super pleasant experience. The bread called popovers are phenomenal. They even give you a little card with the recipe. I started with Tuna Tartar. That came on ice with a super tasty yet slightly spicy sauce. Then I had the dry aged bone in New York strip steak. OMG. That char was tasty and cooked to perfection. Huge portion. I wasn't able to finish the Bruxelles sprouts. Those tasted like my mother used to make them. I must admit. This place is a gem in a old place. Will be back for sure.
1	This place is a mess! Made a reservation over the phone and when we got here they made us wait 20 min before seating us. When we get to our table the two high chairs I had asked for when we made the res. weren't even at our table. Imagine how that went with our two toddlers? Not good! Then we spent another 10 min standing there trying to keep the kids busy while they searched for the chairs. The waiter came back with only one saying they didn't have another. I gave him the idea of borrowing one from next door and luckily we got our two highchairs. After that inconvenience, the service and food were terrible. Both the bone-in ribeye and New York steaks were too tough. Had to send back the New York to have it cooked a little longer b/c our medium was too rare. Don't get the "hen of the mushrooms." They were too bland and the way they cooked them didn't make it appetizing at all. Everything was so bad I did not even order my favorite part of the meal, dessert. Never going back.
1	Warning!!! Do not go to this steak house and order seafood. I had a craving for some oysters so after the waiter recommendation I ordered the seafood platter for 2 and expected nice big plump oysters, shrimp, king crab, and lobster but instead got the total opposite. For the high price they charge we got small portions where the oysters were the size of a half dollar with barely any meat and the so called jumbo shrimp was medium size that was literally the same size as the lobster and the king crab leg was so skinny it looked like it was from somebodies leftovers (See photos).The popover bread that came out was huge which gave me the  impression that the entree and sides will be the same. I ordered the veal chop, while the wife had the main lobster, the kids shared the braised short ribs and our friend had a steak. The waiter told us that the sides were big enough to share so we ordered mash potatoes, asparagus and wild mushrooms. When the food came out the veal chop and braised rib looked and tasted good but the lobster again was tiny along with the sides. The portion of the mash potato was a joke - 2 spoons and it was gone; how can that be enough for even one person let alone sharing.  Same for the asparagus and mushrooms.Spending over $400 plus tip we left feeling unfulfilled and hungry.
5	Dinner at BLT Steakhouse in Bally's was very good. On a scale of 1 - 10 I would give it about an 8.5.The Service - Top notch service. Everyone was very friendly and very helpful. At no time were we having to wait for something. The hostess was especially nice.The Environment - Beautiful restaurant, dark and romantic. A little on the noisy side, but nothing that was an issue.The Appetizers - I had the Spinach Salad which was spectacular and my wife had the Caesar Salad which she said was very good. They also bring you Cheese Popovers that are extraordinary. The popovers even come with a little card that has the recipe. Nice touch. Prior to the popovers, the waiter brought a little taste from the kitchen, which was a duck liver mousse with a jelly topping. The mousse was amazing.The Entree - I had the Filet, which was cooked perfectly, but the flavoring was nothing to write home about. It was good, but not great. My wife had the Tuna Tartare as her entree and she loved it. She said it was the best she's ever had.The Drinks - I had a Johnny Walker and Soda and it was STRONG!!!!We did not have dessert, too full, but the dessert selection was good.Overall the restaurant was very good. I'm a big steak fan, but I like bolder flavors, so I would probably not order a steak next time we come, but my wife will definitely order the tuna again.
3	I had a very nice steak and honeyed Brussel sprouts with bacon at the bar.  Very attentive service.  But the prices cost it one star in my book.  For those prices, I expect perfection, and it wasn't quite that.
1	Don't waste your time and money here... Horrible is a nice way of describing this place... It started with our waiter Omar who one does not listen to what we have ordered, and two continued to bring us the wrong orders all night, and made us keep the wrong order...  It started off simple we wanted two long islands to drinks and Omar brings us tequila and tells us to just drink them.  My husband ordered the short ribs and Omar says no you need to get lamb y husband said no thank you He just wanted to try the short ribs... Well Omar brought my husband lamb instead of what he ordered. I ordered the capped mushrooms and even asked before hand how it is prepared... Omar stated that they are stuffed with other mushrooms and oven baked with cheese.  when Omar brought the mushrooms to the table the were brunt crisp and unedible... When i asked them why the were so brunt he said that's how they come and took off.  At this point we didn't even want to make a stink that everything was wrong about the whole dinner and experience so we asked for our check, we were just ready to pay and leave it took 30 minutes to recieve a bill... I explained to Omar that we had show tickets and were going to be late and he brushed his hand up saying ya i'll get there and ignored us. I finally called  over a manger to bring us our bill i did not want to ruin our only date night out complianing or be upset so we just got our check paid and went on our way... But since I did'nt get to speak to a manger I hope the owner reads how horrible the service and food was... not happy with this place at all. Too bad yelp doesn't have a zero star... I  had better service at a burger king then this place....
4	Our order:Watermelon Basil Alcoholic Drink - this was delicious a bit sweet but I enjoy sweet!Lemonade- they use sparkling water and simple syrup, one child liked it one didn'tCaesar Salad- it had a slight sour taste, large portion definitely  enough to shareMacaroni and Cheese - cheesy goodnessMashed Potatoes - My husband loved this, I prefer lumpinessBrussel Sprouts- these were great, nice and tender with bits of baconLemon Chicken - Not a very large portion, well seasoned and not dryShort Ribs - No need for a knife they fell lff the bone and the sauce was great. My 8 year old ordered this and finished his plateLobster- steamed and then grilled, a tad dry, didn't enjoy the sauce they provided on the side. Good enough to order again.Bone in Ribeye- they char their steaks so if you don't like it sure specify when you order or you will be unhappy. Pretty average compared to Ruth Chris, Mortons and DelFriscosMargo our waitress made the meal. We all enjoyed our food, wish we had room for dessert. Service was impeccable and we will be back.Total Bill: $370 with a 22% tip and two alcoholics beverages
4	Unbelievable. Popovers are amazing! Even if you hate brussel sprouts, I dare you to order them! They are incredibly sweet and savory! I had the lamb, smaller portion than the filet mignon but so delicious!
5	I'll start by saying I booked a stay at Ballys for a work conference and was not very impressed with the hotel itself. My room was a little rough around the edges so I was skeptical of their restaurants..But I was wrong!  BLT Steakhouse was delicious!  I sat at the bar and had a delicious, fast lunch between meetings and it was the perfect break. I don't even eat steak, and I can't wait to go back. I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad (without the bacon) and it may have been one of the best salads I've ever eaten. I hope this is a staple menu item because next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely be ordering it. The salad came with a delicious bread pop-over compliments of the kitchen with some home-churned butter and sea salt. It was also fantastic and they even send you home with a copy of the recipe!  I'm looking forward to making them for the holidays. I had a glass of wine, and it happened to be Happy Hour so it was very reasonably priced. All in all, the staff was friendly, the food was delicious (seriously- can they deliver that salad to LA?!) and the service was quick and efficient. It was perfect for my lunch break and I will for sure be back soon.
5	Really good food and service was spot on. They kept the glasses filled and the food was pouring in. Our waiter, Javier, was so personable and on top of his game. Food was really good and exceeded our expectations. Only complaint is the lighting was too bright and truffle mash potatoes needed some texture, they were too runny. Would def go back.
1	Terrible and sketchy would be the 2 words to describe this place went in with large group and from the moment we walked in they couldn't push their $100 appetizer and $100 bottles of wine fast enough!! Waiter took it upon himself to order enough for group of 21 and filled the tables with them 2-3 on each and then blamed the chef that he made to many!!! Made them take most of them off bill and of course they recommend a bottle of wine to another part of my party that just happens to be $125 for bottle??? I asked party members if they knew and they had no idea cost? Waiter than goes on to recommend their $90 a piece steaks to guests keep in mind waiters tip is guaranteed due to size of party!!! Once agIn complained to manager and he was as useless As the waiter!! Will be speaking to ownership over this!! Food was ok at best "famous" popovers were burnt and gross!! Took forever for food and service was awful!!! Avoid at all costs!! Go to Gordon Ramsey steak house or the 9nine in palms or joes steakhouse!! If I could give it 0 stars I would!!! The only reason I didn't walk out with all 23 guests was they were customers of mine who were staying at ballys so I could not ruin their dinner over this but if it was family or friends we would have walked out!!! Do not eat here, oh did I mentioned I had called for reservations and when I got there they had my name down but no party size!!! Stay away!!!
1	A steakhouse can not deliver quality steak, which is unacceptable.  Part of the steak was made carbonized, barely edible.   Although the manager took the steak from the check, but the dinner and the whole night were ruined.  Just so disappointed.
5	I always find it hard to get excited about steak houses; I consider it a limited medium of expression. That said, I was thoroughly delighted by my experience at BLT. Our server, Hugo was clearly a fine dining veteran. His attentiveness, knowledge of the menu and affable demeanor was first rate. The manager, Casey, checked on us several times and we wanted for nothing throughout our meal.As for the meal itself, we enjoyed warm cheese popovers, oysters on the half shell, a well-executed tuna poke and charcuterie. My medium-rare porterhouse steak was seared, broiled and properly rested. Dessert was decent, but I didn't consider it to be on par with the rest of the excellent meal. Nevertheless, I was thoroughly sated at that point.Overall, I would consider BLT Steak an under-recognized star in the Vegas dining constellation. Highly recommend.
5	Was there on 11/26/14 everything was excellent! Prime rib was perfectly cooked and the Fillet was to. The service was top notch it's definitely a place we will return to.
3	Just an average steak house.  Service was good and the wine selection was nice.  Omar is definitely the jewel of this place.Supposedly everyone loves the popovers, I wasn't impressed at all.  They tasted burnt and salty.  The duck liver mousse was good though.  I lied to my friend so he would try it.  If we weren't in public I think he would have spit it out!My friend was disappointed because they don't serve prime rib but he managed and was happy with his steak.  My filet was salty and not the best meat for what they charged.  I didn't even finish it and I love red meat.Drew loved his steak and the bone marrow.  The side dishes were good too.  Try the Brussels sprouts with bacon and honey.  So good!  The Mac and cheese was good, which isn't on the main menu.Highlights...easy to get into, casual atmosphere, good service.Low points....better steak places for the money
4	High energy level. Hopping bar. Professional staff and top notch service. Super steaks and sides. The Meaning of Life on Saturday night! This is the living definition of a Great Las Vegas Steak house.
3	Food was mostly quite good, as expected at this price point.  Steaks and veal were tremendous, although brussel sprouts were overcooked. Service was very attentive. Ambiance was not so good: dark, no tablecloths, low but not romantic lighting, windowless and drab  -- all made the place feel unwelcoming.
4	The staff was all smiles, steak wasEXCELLENT, and overall wonderful experience. The sommelier  was exceptional, too.The only reason it has 4 instead of 5 stars was the lighting, which flickered low to high for several minutes around closing time.
4	BLT is a great improvement over the old steak house in Ballys, the atmosphere is very cosmopolitan, the lighting just right, there is a welcoming round bar at the entrance, once seated a chefs sample appears, the service was attentive , food was flawless, but a bit pricey. Expect a $75 per person tab if you have a drink or wine.  Recommended
5	Way to exceed my expectations!!!!First of all this location has a great team. Every employee seemed genuinely happy to be working...smiles, chatting and engaging me and my guest at every opportunity. This made the atmosphere amazing.Next our server Roxanne was chatty, warm, informative and professional. She walked us through the menu and specials and made excellent recommendations.Our steaks (wagyu center rib)  were off the chart fantastic. Served in a cast iron skillet topped with blue cheese crust, spices, rock salt and cooked perfectly... Roxanne's recommendation. The sides were perfect, they looked small when they were placed on the table but we couldn't finish them. The brussel sprouts with honey and bacon and the truffel mashed potato's were done beautifully..Our server assistant was Felipe. From pulling plates to refills he did not miss a beat.We are local to Las Vegas and have many choices for dinning out. BLT Steakhouse now tops our list for Steakhouses.
3	I would give this a B or B+. It was good but not great. I was expecting better for the price though. I have been to the BLT in NYC and thought NYC was a little better. My wife and I had the porterhouse for two. It was cooked well inside but had some chard burnt tasting areas from the outside on certain  areas. It was just good to okay. I did not like the French onion soup at all. My wife's crab cake was okay (she said it was decent, I thought it tasted "fishy"(not fresh) ). The loaded baked potato was good(good sized potato comes with sour cream, bacon, chives and cheese on the side). The truffle mash was strong tasting to me( tasted like I was eating pure garlic but my wife enjoyed it but said two to three bites was enough for her because of the strong flavor). I would say for the price you can find a better expensive steak restaurant. The one in the Belagio in front of the water was way better(can't think of the name right now).
1	Very pricey and not fine dining!  The popovers (or Yorkshire puddings) were presented as tho they were bread rolls with butter!!!!!  Sides were not too bad but pricey at $11 each  and potatoes gratin were lumpy and quite tasteless.  I had a spinach salad which was huge but tasteless with almost no dressing.  The prime rib was served in a big chunk which looked like it came out of a horror movie.   We paid the bill - $117 for 2 without tip but felt totally ripped off.
