5	This is a response to Dan K ridiculous  remarks about flowers and service. First, his mother called to see if we delivered locally as she was looking for a local company for her son. The order was placed by telephone and he did request purple flowers if possible. I said I would try but no guarantee. He ordered the latte mug with flowers. Please note the latte mugs we show online are black. He sent an email on 12-19 stating he ordered a "blue Latte Mug".  Hummm.Already his story is mixed.  He wanted to spend about $35.00.  We did in fact deliver a day early, at no charge of course. Seems to me that this would be a better surprise "receiving a gift early". Another strange complaint. The flowers used in this arrangement were 70 CM roses and all high end flowers! Imagine that, this customer ordered a $35 gift and  got a $50.00 value, with free delivery. And he is complaining?  When he called to advise the flowers were delivered a day early, I did appologize. But with holidays, early is usually better as it also provides the element of surprise. We are sorry this guy was disappointed but his girl friend surely was not. As far as I am concerned, the service and value of the arrangement far exceed any complaint he can post. Seems when you go out of your way to give greater value than expected, people would be happy. Not this one. Hundreds of customers can attest to our value and excellent service. Anyone reading this who is truly interested in great service and value of products places orders  from us. After 11 years in business, this is the first complaint we have ever received. We are taking it with a grain of salt.
4	Sunshine  Baskets & Gifts is a wonderful surprise for a any person looking for some help with gift wrapping during the holiday season. One would think there would countless wrapping services available in Las Vegas during the holiday season. Well, there's not. Unless you buy your gifts at a specific location that offers wrapping during the holidays OR you want a Girl Scout's weary mother handling your precious gifts, you will be wrapping the gifts yourself. And outside of the Christmas holiday there are only two business that I know of who offer a wrapping service:  Alligator Soup and Papyrus. They were the only businesses offering this service during the "off season" in the whole town. So you can imagine my joy at discovering Sunshine Baskets & Gifts---they not only did a lovely job with my gift wrapping, but the owner and her husband were kind and provided excellent service. I know purists want the joy of wrapping each and every gift themselves. I have no such desires.  Days before Christmas I needed MANY gifts wrapped and I had little to no time to do it.  I contacted Sunshine  Baskets & Gifts and the owner, Kathleen, arranged her schedule so that I could bring over 20+ packages to be wrapped. I took some paper, my credit card, and my pre-labeled gifts. Kathleen promised to use some of her own paper if mine ran out.  What really impressed me about Sunshine  Baskets & Gifts was their willingness to go above and beyond to make my life a little easier. I told her I was planning to ship a few of the packages and she offered to box and ship them for me. It took some trust to leave a number of gifts with a stranger (not associated with the Post Office, UPS, Fedex, or any other such entity). But I took the risk. And I'm glad I did. The gifts arrived on time and according to my family, they were all beautifully wrapped. And I was very pleased with the rest of the gifts that I picked up the next day. In all, I spent about $100 for the entire service. With paper, decorations, labor, shipping, and boxing during the craziness of the Christmas season, I felt like I was very fairly charged.  This is not a huge operation. This is two considerate people who care about providing good service. I was happy with the workmanship and I intend to use their services in the future.
5	I made two orders today for the first time. The lady Kathy emailed me to confirm my online orders, which i believe may have been an automated email. I emailed her back to say I was charged tax twice. She immediately responded by calling me to apologize and thanked me for the business and letting them know about the glitch. She immediately processed a credit and was on top of it immediately. As for the product and deliveries....A+. I was notified by email for the completion of each delivery and the deliveries were prompt. I was very impressed with this small operation and have save their contact for future use. I was thouroughly pleased!!
