4	It is amazing how a simple ham and cheese sandwich can satisfy your hunger in such a delicious way.At $8 for a ham and cheese and $5 for an Odwalla, Flatbreadz is not a bargain by any means, but if you need a quick fix before your layover, then it hits the spot.
4	Expensive, but veeeery good.Good stuff, you see them making it. Good ingredients, good service.Will definitely go back when I am back to McCarran.
3	Delicious airport dining. I got one of their egg flatbreadz (I really hate the use of the z at the end) before starting my drinkathon in Sky Sports bar around the corner. My sandwich was really tasty, and overpriced, even for an airport. Fortunately, I was travelling for business, so I got to expense my $10 coffee and sandwich. This place is definitely worth the few extra bucks even if you are paying out of pocket.
3	Had an early morning flight to Philadelphia this morning.  Didn't get a chance to grab a bite to eat before I left the house, so I stopped by Flatbreadz.I decided to get 2 toaste Sesame Seed Bagels w/cream cheese.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that the bagels were pretty fresh.  They toasted it just right too....not too burnt, but not undercooked either.  I would have rated them 4 Stars, but the cream cheese was a fluffy cream cheese and didn't have much taste....must have been fat-free or something like that....which is a bummer because I like full-flavored cream cheese.The employees were friendly and the place was clean.Will I return?  If I'm in the A Gate area, sure.
4	This is an upscale Subway. Great food. Expensive but I think thats what you pay for "gourmet" and for food in the airport. So I guess for the price its what you would expect to pay. Paid almost $15 for a sandwich and water. Staff was friendly and helpful and it was clean. It had a good selection and made right in front of you.
4	Had the chicken pesto and chicken noodle soup because I didn't want Burger King. Basically they sliced a flatbread and stuffed it with their premade chicken pesto. It actually wasn't that bad but for the price I was expecting a lot more. At least have the option to get it toasted? Chicken noodle was good and not too salty like most.
3	The Mrs and I shared a turkey and pesto and we liked it. Better than the other stuff around. We got lucky as a group of people came in after us and still weren't served as we were leaving.
2	Tried to be healthy and get a bite to eat here instead of the junk food restaurants at the airport.  Only one person in line ahead of me, 4 employees doing nothing, I waited 5 minutes, got frustrated, and left.  Why 4 employees would waste people's time like that is beyond me.Instead I went to a Burrito place and overpaid for a boatload of calories I didn't need.Will I return?  I might have caught them on an off day, so I will try to come here again next time.  For now, 2 Stars.
2	I don't expect much from airport food, and I expect less from a mediocre airport for food like Las Vegas'.  But it left me hungry and craving something like Subway.Mind you, I'm not sure where is better in the airport - one of the worst airports I've ever been to for food.
5	I use to work for the Las Vegas Int. Airport - in D-North Gates. This place is SO GOOD, that I took the shuttle bus, and went through security all over again, just to eat here on my lunch break! I would always have the "Sicilian" Flat Bread Sandwich - THIS IS GOING TO GIVE YOU A SMILE AT THE END OF YOUR MEAL!No words can describe how amazing this sandwich is. I have eaten at alot of different sandwiches spots - but this is HANDS DOWN THE BEST SANDWICH PLACE I HAVE EATEN AT!!!STOP BY AND TRY OUT THERE "SICILIAN" SANDWICH, TRUST ME YOU WONT REGRET IT!
4	I had the Southwestern Turkey BLT sandwich.Better than the other options in the airport- Chilis, Burger King, ESPN Sports Bar, too heavy! It was $11 for a sandwich, chips and a drink. The sandwiches were pretty bomb, and the people sitting around me agreed. I know it's the airport and all but damn!! it was  expensive!!
2	There are so many things to hate about traveling... the hassle of going through security, the long waits, long flight times... But what really gets to me is the crappy food. McCarran is one of the worst airports as far as dining options is concerned. Walking through the A terminal, I got a little excited when I saw Flatbreadz. It's a good concept, but the execution is poor.I got the turkey BLT -- deli slices of turkey, lettuce, bacon, tomatoes, and a guacamole spread on a wheat flatbread. I skipped the chipotle mayo. The whole thing was underwhelming. It was something I could have put together myself and at $8.59 it was pricey (as expected with any airport food). Add on water for $3.19 and tax and the total was $12.73.
2	Two stars, only for the fact that I didn't get food poisoning and the food was edible. But honestly? I had SUCH high hopes and this place did not live up to them! The sandwich was dry & the ingredients tasted a little weird. Maybe it's the fact that they mix pesto and guac on their veggie sandwich (their ONLY vegetarian option, it seems). That's kind of a weird flavor combo. The lettuce was wet & it made the sandwich a bit soggy. I also wish they'd heated the sandwich, because it was cold & would have been a lot less gross if it'd been heated. Anyway... Not a place I'd visit again!
3	So-so food.  Maybe I didn't order their special...I'll give them a try some other time.
1	7am...at the airport...where do you go for some veggies?  not burger king.  not cinnabon...so i figured a sandwich place.  ordered their veggie sand...almost $10 i figured it has to be the best veggie sandwich EVER.  well, it was the WORST ever.  the bread sucked.  the veggies were all slimy.  UGH.  don't ever go here...
4	Great place.  Doesn't matter what gates I'm at, I trek all the way over to Flatbreadz for their veggie sandwich.  Juicy portabellos, arugula, tomatoes, and pesto sauce.  I usually eat half while waiting at the gate and then break out the other half on the plane when everyone else is being served up pretzels and peanuts.  Mean, I know.  Yum yum!  Love this place!
3	Pesto chicken salad sandwich meal.  Plenty of pesto smothered on with a lightly seasoned taste.  The chicken salad itself was well balanced and had a fun taste with the white raisins.  It works out well as a cold sandwich.  Recommended if you want a cold sandwich, but not a hot one.
3	I don't like it when my flights are in Gate B area because there aren't a lot of food choices there.  360 burritos occupied the spot another business use to have and I was going to go to but I wasn't feeling them. Walked back to the Flatbreadz area and made this my pick over Burger King.  Honestly they weren't that bad for being a tiny, pricey airport food.  Spent at least $10 for their roast beef and provolone flat bread sandwich and a coffee. Right after I had already ordered my sandwich and the girl behind the counter already started making my sandwich a tray of some delicious looking breakfast pockets came out of the oven.  Kind of missed out on those pockets, there was a line just for those.  Their roast beef and provolone sandwiches came with roast beef, provolone cheese, tomato, thin flat bread, and a horseradish dressing which I had them also add chipotle mayo. Enjoyed it but I could've used more of and maybe they could've heated or toasted it up and melt the cheese.  I wouldn't mind coming back if I had to, especially its my only choice.
2	If this is the best that McCarran can offer, then yikes.  I trekked down here because it has one of the highest Yelp reviews.  I got the Vegetarian sandwich, and as another yelper mentioned, it comes with both pesto and guac, which is weird, so I asked for just pesto.  The veggies have been soaking in some kind of marinade, which makes the bread a little soggy, and also makes the veggies feel a little slimy.  The guy personalized my sandwich with less cheese, though, which was nice.I asked if they could toast the flatbread, and was told no.  I asked if any sandwiches could be toasted, and the guy behind the counter said they were all cold. :( I said the sandwich was "for here," but was served the sandwich in a to-go bag.  While I was sitting at the table eating my sandwich on top of the paper bag, another guy came in and ordered the vegetarian sandwich from a different worker, while the guy who made my sandwich was standing by.  The new customer asked if he could have it toasted, and the worker said yes.  I watched her toast it until the cheese melted and looked sadly at the guy who made my sandwich.  He avoided eye contact and didn't say anything.So I'm still sitting at Flatbreadz throwing a "I-can't-get-home-because-my-flight-keeps-getting-delayed-and-on-top-of-that-I-had-a-slimy-cold-sandwich" pity party.  Thanks, yelpers, for the catharsis. It helped :)
1	They ran out of bread pockets for breakfast, then ran out of coffee (but kept selling the cups). The staff was indifferent and not helpful.
4	Dude, I thought this airport was going to be horrible and I was going to starve to death while waiting 8 hours for a plane flight (again, just the worse planning I could ever do), but I came to Flatbreadz because it seemed the most sane calorie-wise in the airport.I was a bit slow since I had SOOOOOO much time but the person helping me wasn't pushy or irritated.After I got my yummy roast beef and provolone sandwich, I perused their condiment section which boasted all sorts of insane condiments you could ever want for a sandwich. I slowly ate half of my sandwich then I sat there.I sat there because I had absolutely nothing to do. People walked by me wondering why such a young looking kid was traveling alone in Las Vegas, maybe, probably but it didn't bother me any. I sat there and none of the workers complained about me.You can't be angry about that!It was also a really good sandwich, one of the better ones I have ever eaten.Enjoy!
4	The food here was surprisingly delicious. Sure, it doesn't compare to Earl of Sandwich; however, it sure beats the garbage eateries in this airport! Although the price is a little steep, very fresh and scrumptious. I recommend the Turkey BLT or Roast Beef and Provolone.
3	This review is only for the breakfast pockets.We had a morning flight this past Sunday and I was hungry waiting to board so we stopped by this place for breakfast.  I ordered 2 breakfast pockets (one for myself and one for my husband).  The menu on the wall stated that it consists of meat, plus eggs and cheese.  Unfortunately, they sold out of those.  Instead they were selling eggs and cheese breakfast pockets.  I wasn't unhappy about that but they charged us full price which I didn't think was fair.  When I took my first bite of it, it was really good.  It was hot and the bread was chewy and soft.  Overall, food was good, but they need to charge customer less if some ingredients are left off of the item due to shortages.
