5	We just had our lawn done by Sunburst Landscaping.  It was a mess before they came into the picture.  Imagine a lot of dirt and river rock.  We knew we wanted to get turf put in, but we didn't know where to start.  We contacted about four companies for a quote, and weren't impressed with anyone.  We have a friend who lives in Oregon who owns a landscaping/turf company, and decided to contact him to have him help us sort through all the companies in AZ who provided the kind of service we were looking for.  He ultimately recommended that we touch base with Sunburst Landscaping because of the quality of product they use.  We got in touch with them and started working with Rusty.  Rusty did a great job helping us come up with ideas that would fit our budget, but that would also look amazing.  He listened to the ideas we had, and gave some great ideas of his own.  He was the only salesman we spoke with that we didn't feel like was trying to nickle and dime us.  The crew that came to install our pavers/turf/plants were incredibly professional and completed the job within the time frame they originally gave us (something that doesn't hardly happen in the home improvement world I have learned).  And after they were done, they didn't leave any trace that they had been there... besides a beautiful yard!!Our yard looks incredible!!  The before and after is amazing!!  If I can figure out how to post pictures, I will :o)  Make sure you give Sunburst Landscaping a call, and definitely ask to work with Rusty.  He did such a great job throughout the entire process, and was very easy to contact at any point in time with any questions we had.
5	I could not have asked for a better experience and product. My new lawn is just amazing and looks & feels like fresh cut winter grass. The drain-ability has been great for my dog and the Arizona monsoon season. Terrific job from start to finish and I have and will continue to recommend this company & product. One Satisfied CustomerCourtney L
5	We just got a new rescue dog and the area which would eventually become his run was a real mess.  The folks from Sunburst came in, hauled all the old landscaping away, dug down and did a huge prep, then refilled and installed the pet friendly turf.  I can't say enough about what a great job they did and also how easy to take care of the pet friendly turf is.  It drains incredibly well and is easy to wash off and maintain.  Once every 2 to 3 weeks a good hose down seems to be the ticket along with regular removal of the dogs deposits.  Much easier than a lawn and it looks spectacular (plus the dog likes it.  I would highly recommend them.
5	Sunburst landscaping was great.  After getting multiple quotes to have some artificial turf and pavers put in our back yard, my wife and I decided to go with Sunburst.  Their products were better quality and they were even lower cost.  Our project was delayed because of weather conditions but only by one day.  Jesse came out before they started to get an better idea of what we wanted and said it could take three days.  On Thursday March 6, 2013, Jesse and his crew showed up early, went over the plans again, and got right to work.  Demo and prep work was day one, and install was day two.  They were great and busted their butts to finish in two days.  The yard looks 100% better.  With a Rottweiler (130lbs) and a Bully Bordeaux (160lbs), their product is the way to go.  The dogs love it so much that they don't even go potty on it.  They will get off of it and use the rocks.
5	We decided to remove the flagstone in our backyard and replace it with artificial turf.  After receiving several quotes, we decided to go with Sunburst.  During the initial meeting, Mark took the time to thoroughly explain the various qualities of turf used by the industry as well as the warranty offered by the various companies.  After meeting with other companies representatives, it was very clear that Sunburst offered the best product and warranty.  The quote from Sunburst was more expensive than the others but we felt their product was far superior to the others.  After confirming the order with Mark, the scheduling and installation of both the turf and curbing went smoothly and was completed on schedule.  The installation crew was very professional and courteous.  We were very impressed with the service provided by Sunburst.  They responded promptly to all of our question from the beginning all the way through installation.  About a week after installation, Mark stopped by to check on the installation and to make sure we were satisfied with their work.  If you are considering having artificial turf installed, you will not be disappointed going with Sunburst.
5	We worked with Mark in the residential part of Sunburst on a hardscaping project in our back yard.  Mark was awesome with communication throughout the entire process.  He was very open and flexible with design tweaks and quickly understood what we wanted to achieve with the budget that we had to work with.  The crew that came out and finished the job was amazing!  They were extremely efficient and professional.  They went over and above in making sure that the small details of finishing the job were looked after.  These guys are pros.
1	Doesn't show up for appointments!  We waited a week and a half for this company to come out to our home to show us the turf options because their showroom is only open Monday through Friday from 8-5, which of course is when we work.  The appointment was scheduled for 9-10am.  At 10:20 no one had contacted us.  I called the main number and got the cell phone number for Noel.  I spoke with her.  She was very apologetic and said she would get right on it.  I waited another 40 minutes with no contact from them.  After a total of 2 hours waiting, we gave up.  I wouldn't trust a company that can't even handle showing up for an appointment.  Very disappointing they are the only vendor of Easy Turf in AZ.
