4	I had the "Sicilian Monster Pie", and it was very good! I wish it was available in a size other than large though. This thing could feed a small army!! Place was clean and the counter help was friendly. As far as being "New York Style"... I couldn't say.
4	Ray's is a great place! Awesome pizza, great environment, I am a fan!
5	Just moved to AZ and I wanted something authentic, New York style. Rays is right down the street from me and I pass by it all the time! I decided to try it. WOW! Blown away!!I had a large pizza to share with my family. The food is major quality. Crust was crispy outside and sot inside. The Cheese was real good anf melted. The toppings were fresh. Probably some of the best pineapple I've had on pizza. Still crunchy like it was freshly sliced!!! The wings were cooked to perfection and mildly spicy. The Cannoli was awesome too!!!Very high recommended if you want that real, new york style pizza. You wont go wrong!!!
5	East coast style pizza-thin and greasy. It's excellent. Pasta dishes are also very good.
2	I've had better experiences here, but today wasn't one of them. The girl at the counter looked depressed from making the wrong career choice and ordering from her was honestly kind of confusing. Our pizza was slightly burnt on the bottom and one of my pieces pretty much fell apart. It wasn't too bad, but there's just better pizza out there.
1	I love pizza, but this reminded me of peter piper. Would not go back.
2	I'm utterly confused by the four and five star ratings of this place. Those people that use adjectives like "wow" and "best pizza ever," aren't from anywhere near the east coast or New York. I, on the other hand, AM from New York. Was born and raised there, and I know good pizza when I eat it. Ray's, I'm sorry to say, is not authentic.Now, to be fair, I didn't order a slice. I decided to go with something a little heartier, like a chicken parm sub. But let me back up a moment. I have to echo some of my fellow reviewers about the service in this place. The two girls running the front counter looked as though they were working a funeral parlor and not a pizza place. No smiles. No hellos. It was quite depressing, actually. I even mentioned to one of the girls who brought me my food that she should lighten up and smile. She cracked a shy grin and told me that she was sorry and that it was "too early." A customer doesn't give a rat's ass how early it is (It was 1pm!) Your front counter is like a receptionist in an office. They are the face of the business. They set the tone of the whole experience. If you can't get that right then the customer won't come back. With my sub I ordered a side salad. I paid and walked over to my table to wait.The food came out in pretty good time. I didn't feel like I'd been waiting long. The salad was pretty standard stuff: iceberg lettuce, a couple of tomato slices, olives and a few croutons thrown in for good measure. The Italian dressing tasted like it came from a bottle; it definitely wasn't home made. I give the salad a 3 on a scale of 1 to 10. Definitely not worth the $3 I paid. Ok, on to the chicken parm sub. It was pretty massive, but that's about the only good thing I have to say. I mean, it was just "okay." I'd tell you what the sauce tasted like but they barely put any on, which in the end, made the whole thing way too dry. The bread was nice and crisp on the outside and doughy on the inside, but the chicken cutlet didn't taste like it was made in house. I have my suspicions that it was pre-packaged frozen cutlets; it was way too salty and very dry. It just tasted mass produced. The whole thing was smothered in cheese that could have stood to be melted a little more. It was a consistency that was half melted and half not, kind of rubbery. I give the sub a 5 on a scale of 1 to 10.All in all, between the depressing front counter and the lackluster food, you won't find me going back to this place. Authentic New York style pizza places don't have to promote the fact that they are authentic, like Ray's does. (They use the word in their advertising.) I'm sure there are other pizza joints that are more "authentic."  When I find one, I'll let ya know.
2	If you want to be yelled at, rude to, and just plain insulted. Go here! The owner of this pizzeria does not have customer service skills. The pizza is pretty good.
2	I wish they use fresh mushroom instead of can. We ordered half cheese and half monster but  the monster was loaded up and it made the bottom of the pizza soggy. Then the other pizza was sausage and mushroom (can) and pepperoni. That pizza was good but would have have be awesome with fresh mushrooms. I like the crust on the pizza it was crispy.  The guys at counter was nice and we didn't have any problems  like other yelpers.
2	Ray's makes a good pie, no doubt. The problem I have with this place is not the food. It's with the environment. The counter help appears to me to really want to be somewhere else. The guy that makes the pizza, who I think has been there since the dawn of time, is not real friendly and kinda grumpy. He doesn't handle complaints real well. He is the type of person who thinks that the customer is always wrong.The other major issue is that they have a flat screen TV hanging above the entrance. The counter is about 25 feet away. The staff feels that is super critical that they not only see the incessant sports that is always on, but that they can hear it as well. This means that the overly loud TV is constantly blaring. It is so loud that you can barely hear yourself think. It escapes me as to why the management feels that this is OK to do. This is not your personal living room. It is a place of business.The bottom line is this: The food is good, not as good as some here who seem to be doing cartwheels and think that the more exclamation points they use, the more weight their review carries. The problem with those overly enthusiastic reviews is that they often appear in the middle of 10 bad or so-so reviews. And to me, that is suspect. It's like someone from the restaurant itself posted the "review". The atmosphere, however, is another story. It is far too much effort to try and block out the blaring sports nonsense that is always screaming from the TV. it may be time for Ray's to wise up and understand that this is a place of business, and not their personal entertainment space. After having been there a few times, and having always been quite bothered by the overly loud, blaring TV, I don't think they will.
3	I'll go here if I want the wing and pizza special.  Big, greasy, cheesy slices.  Interior is a little drab, not very warm.  I like to think that Ray is actually making my pie.
4	The pizzas here are delicious. It might not be as great as anything from the east coast but I don't know about that. I've never been there. As for  being in the east valley of Az, its pretty damn great. The ingredients are fresh and the dough is authentically hands tossed.Everytime I come, the service is friendly. The price is a tad bit on the higher side but these pizzas definately aren't some $5 pizzas from dominos.If you're ever in the east valley or Apache Junction area, ya might considered trying Ray's.
3	We've been coming here for years... since when i was pregnant with my now 4 yr old!Since then, the quality has changed. We used to stuff ourselves silly, and still be craving the pizza afterwards. I don't know if he changed brand of ingredients, or gotten a bit lazy, but the quality had surely changed. Still good but not like it used to be. Really cheap food. We get the Large pizza and 25 wing special for $25, which is a great deal if you ask me.We love the owner. He always asks about our daughters if they aren't with us, and makes us feel like we're special customers. The kids he hires to help out are really nice and friendly. Whenever we're in this area we'll continue to come here, because of the owner and the memories we've had here if anything. I just wish the food was the same.
3	Ordered their dinner deal, large one topping pizza with 25 wings for $20.95! Loved the deal, but the food was just okay. The wings were sauced perfect and had great heat (ordered the medium) and flavor, but the pizza was sub par. The dough was really tough and chewy like someone had kneaded it to death. The service was lacking, my husband asked about substituting the type of pizza we were ordering and the owner stepped in and gave this long winded explanation of why it was a bad idea... Next time a simple "no, we can't substitute" would be more than enough.
1	We have eaten here for years, and man has this place went downhill. First, to start with what seals the deal, the woman "serving" us was TERRIBLE. She actually put a piece of pizza fresh out of the oven in front of my three year old daughter. Before I could move it the hands went in, and my daughter was burned. Rather than being caring, apologetic, or anything else she could have been she chose to roll her eyes and walk away as my daughter screamed hysterically. I touched the pizza myself and it was way to hot to have served period, much less sat in front of a toddler. The pizza, man has it changed. It tastes as if it has sat out all day. Odds are it has, so no surprise. My wife got two slices of veggie pizza, and to my surprise there is now (maybe always been there just not charged, who knows) a 55 cent PER TOPPING PER SLICE charge. Her two slices were almost $15 by herself! Sure, it is on the menu as such, but what other pizza joint goes to the literal number of toppings on a specialty pizza? Needless to say, we will not be back. The lack of common sense and sympathy by the waitress alone would have sealed that deal, the pizza tasting like a cheap take and bake was just icing on the cake. Don't be fooled by the 4 stars this place has, they have really gone to isht....
2	I was really hoping that this was the place that would crack the lousy pizza streak that I have encountered in the Phoenix metropolis. The place was called ray's, which is the gold standard for good pizza in New York, the cook said the owners are from NY (upstate I later learned) and things looked New Yorky from the photos. Ordered a large meatball (homemade and they were the best part) for about $16. Pizza wasn't cooked enough because the cheese shifted on the way home creating somewhat of a cheese tidal wave in one corner of the box. It looked good, but there was major issues with the crust. It was off and it didn't look like NY crust, it was breaking apart in the box and although it was foldable, too much cheese made it not a great fold after all. Basically, the bottom of the pizza was somehow undercooked as well and it just didn't work out well. Owner/Cook was a nice guy and will probably try a hero next time, but avoid the pizza and the search continues.
4	I ate here with a coworker from New York. He said it is so close to New York pizza it's unbelievable. We have a large cheese. Which was more like a extra extra large cheese due to must restaurant standards. It was good, greasy. Reminded me of the pizza they use to serve in grade school. I won't mind eatting here again. Just not something I would write home about.
4	Authentic NY pizza?  Well...it's closer than any other pizzas I've tried in the Phoenix area.  And the owner, well, you can definitely tell he's from NY. :)  We heard rumors about this place being every bit as good as the original Ray's Pizza in NY, and that's quite a claim.  While I can't say it's as good (because seriously, what can beat the real thing?) it's pretty good.  We tried the plain cheese because in my opinion, that's how you can tell if it's good pizza.  The crust was thin, and if it had just a liiiitle bit more flavor, it would have been perfect.  But still, good.  I enjoyed the sauce a lot, but there was just a tad too much cheese on our pizza.  Overall, I'd try it again.  Oh, but the cannoli?  That was awesome. :)
4	Great Pizza for AZ and for the price.You are definiately in for a treat with the pie at this place. Especially the Sicilian Slices! It's top notch.Can't believe some of the poor reviews of this place. Must have gone on bad days.Here is what not to order IMO:WING. We did not care for them at all.The pizza is great and we recommend you get slices. Try the Sicilian as well as the Napolitano.Other than the old man making the pizzas, the rest of the staff never seems to know whats going on. To their defense its usually just kids. Good pizza joint. They could use more TV's and a Beer license.
4	Good Pizza and sure beats the chain pizza companies around.I really like the pepporoni pizza and the sicilian slices were delicious.  Perfect amount of pizza crust to toppings.  Delicious.  If you are looking for authentic NY pizza give the sicilian a try.My only complaint is that we were charged for ranch when we ordered the chicken wings.
5	The pizza is authentic NY Style.  The pizza is not cheap, but the quality is very good.  The stromboli is also good.  They serve pasta and sandwiches as well.  The staff is very friendly.  They make you feel at home.
4	We still enjoy the food, e.g., pizza, spaghetti and lasagna dinners, but often they mess up our take out orders with missing items.
1	This place is 10 minutes from my house and very convenient. My family either orders food to go or we go in and eat. The last several times (at least 4) that we've ordered, our meal has been messed up. Either something was left out, or they added something that shouldn't be there.  I've called several times to let them know that the order was incorrect and have been told to "just come back and we'll give you what was left off." Even though it's only 10 minutes, I don't want to interrupt my meal to drive back and pick up the item. This means, they get money for something we didn't get. Well the last straw was this evening when they left off the salad and charged me for it and 2 meatballs, which was really one cut in half. When I called to complain, yet again I was told by the manager and I quote: "do not argue with me, it is what it is. That is the way the meatball comes and if you really want the salad, come in and get it". Are you freaking kidding me... this is the way you treat a loyal customer!!?? I will NEVER again go in that restaurant and I've told all my family and friends. The food is not that great to begin with, and now the service is crap! I suggest you stay away from this place. if you want good pizza, try Casanova Brothers on Val Vista and Guadalupe in Gilbert... that's a 20 minute ride for me, but so worth it.
4	My husband, son and I tried this place for the first time a couple of weeks ago. Quickly ran through the reviews before going in and decided to give it a shot. The pizza...SO YUMMY! We are pizza fanatics and it takes a LOT to impress us but this was exactly what we were looking for. As new residents to the Phoenix metro area, I am happy to say we found a NY style pizza place we will frequent often. Not only is the pizza delicious (we had 1/2 sausage, 1/2 white pizza. LOVED both!), it is reasonably price, too. The reason I'm only giving 4 out 5 stars is because, yes, the owner is a bit abrasive and cantankerous. He was irritated with the employees which made me feel a little bit uncomfortable. I wouldn't want to work for this man but I do love the pizza.
1	I went there for lunch one afternoon. Ordered two slices and a drink. It took the older gentleman behind the counter a few minutes to pry himself away from what he was doing to tell the kid in back to come take my order.The pizza was barely edible. One slice was stiff as a board. You could hold it at the point and it stayed straight. The other slice was sloppier than a wet noodle and on the borderline of being raw.Horrible. I will not be back and I would not recommend them to anybody.
3	The Pizza here is hit or miss, I am not sure why this is since every time I go its the same guy cooking it. I will say when it's on it is some of the best. If they just put more effort into their business this would the place to go in that area.
4	I've tried their white pizza twice avid both times it was AMAZING! The slice was huge, the crust was thin and crispy, and the cheeses were perfectly melted. The second time I visited Ray's I left my purse behind! When I returned the next day to see if they had found it I was grateful to find that they had put it away safe and sound and tried to contact me. It's a small town pizzeria in a Mesa strip mall!!! Now, I need to stop leaving my purse in restaurants!!
4	I have been to this location many times in the recent months.  Each time we have ordered whole pizza. And also had the special which includes wings. I have been very happy with this style of pizza. And wings have been very good also.  Wings are meaty and have nice cover of sauce without being over powered.I will say that this style of pizza (in my opinion) is better with only a few toppings.  Once you add too many toppings, it seams to come out a little heavy.  Will stick to the traditional one or two toppings and keep it more of the NY style. I have only been there in the evening and ordered whole pizza. So I cannot comment on whether it is a good place for one or two slices.  I will say that the pizza that was under the lights at counter did not look very appealing or fresh when we came in in the evening.  I would probably avoid the one/two slice order based on appearance. But want a good whole pizza, this is my place!!!
4	Very yummy pizza! Had the large Monster one . One slice of that is enough for me. My bf had 2 slices and some hot wings and was very filling for him. Wings are good too. The only thing I didn't like about Rays is it's too pricey. $20. For large monster pizza and $8 for 12 wings :-O but other than that it's worth trying it out. I definitely will be coming back. Oh and the crust is delist!
2	The food here has really become a hit and miss. One day it will be fresh and taste good and the very next day you will get half burnt , old cheese , pizza. Ray the owner is also not very attentive. It seems that he makes it a chore to go out of his way and say hey when a customer walks in. There is one flat screen and it is always playing sports (great for sports fans) not so much for family and kids. The prices are pretty extravagant to for $8 for 12 wings I believe. 2 slices of cheese pizza and a drink is $5.75 plus .55 cents for every topping you want. I'm hoping this place will up the quality of their ingredients and I will be able to come here again , until then off to gilbert for some real authentic and fresh New York style pizza!
2	Have had pizza at their scottsdale location many times and it was great. The food at this location is not so good! I will definitely never have pizza from here again I was excited when I moved to East Mesa that there was a Ray's close by.. Very dissappointed the pizza tasted very bland!
1	I live 1 mile away from this location and had gone there maybe 10 times before the orders started getting messed up.After the 4th time in a row I mentioned something to the owner/cook who promptly snapped at me and the girl working the register and was very rude in front of my son.I will never do buisness with someone who cares so little about his employees and  customers!
3	Definitely reminds me of thin NY slices with a bit of oil dripping off.Same experience here,......the first time i bragged and took someone here.....we got some old slices.......not good!Been eating at that other pizza joint that starts with "V"ever since.
