3	Well, it's Dunkin' and I always thought their donuts were kinda "meh".  But hey, what's not to like about a cup of Dunkin' Donuts coffee?
4	Great location downtown with nice bathrooms and great people watching. Really cool attached quiet lounge with leather chairs and couches. Man, I miss these donuts in LA.
3	I prayed for a Dunkin' Donuts close to my job and then one day it happened. However this Dunkin' Donut's comes with a lot of faults.  Dunkin' Donuts has a program to where you buy X amount of drinks and you get one drink free.  Well I had earned my free drink and was told rather rudely that the program was that you get $2.00 off the purchase of a drink and not a drink free.  Needless to say I was not a happy customer.  The cashiers are rude and unpleasant, they are always out of something. I work second shift so I got Dunkin' Donut's primarily in the afternoons or early evenings at which point they are down to only 3 doughnut selections and maybe one kind of bagel. I think that no matter what time a day a customer comes into the shop there should be more of a variety on hand.So yes I got my wish to have a Dunkin' Donuts across the street from my job. It just so happens to be a crummy one.
2	It's just really close to work....that's why I go there. Cheap food, quick service. I don't do their coffee as Crazy Mocha is also close to work.
2	I went there this morning to use some coupons I had which included a $0.99 bagel with any drink. I got a small iced coffee with vanilla. One thing that this place is great for is getting you out of there quickly! I know between 8-8:30am there's a line out the door and that can be discouraging but don't let that hinder you. The staff there are lightning quick with your orders. I don't give them any more stars because I got the same coffee I order anywhere I got (Crazy Mocha, Starbucks) and this is by far the most disgusting one I've had. I know their coffee isn't great but this batch this morning was just awful. The cinnamon and cream cheese bagel that I had a coupon for was pretty legit though. All in all, I'll continue to go here because of the coupons I have and for everything other than the coffee. Long lines or not.
3	Good place for a cheap bite.  Being on a recession diet is hard, but so I stretch my meals by eating at Dunkin' Donuts.  This location as I may have mentioned before is directly across the street from my jobbie job.  When this location first opened they offered a 10% discount to employees of the USX Steel Tower...well that discount has been discontinued that was kind of a bummer. What I like is the cheap eats.  They do a three piece pancake wrapped sausage bite that are only $1.39 and all donuts are a dollar.
3	2 questions:1)  Why doesn't Dunkin' Donuts put those cardboard collars on their small coffees?  (Yee-ouch).2)  What was I doing  ordering a SMALL coffee?
2	Living in Los Angeles, I was craving DD when I was in town for a wedding.  This location was nearest our hotel, so the first thing we did the morning after we flew in was walk straight to Dunkin Donuts.This store is in a business building, so at that time we had many people stopping in on their way to work.  Long line, but it seemed to move.  But, once up at the counter, you can watch utter chaos unfold.We ordered two breakfast sandwiches and two hot coffee drinks -- a pumpkin latte and a dunkaccino.  The cashier took our order easily enough, but when we asked about how much the K-Cup boxes were, she said 2 for $19.99.  We only had room in our suitcase for one box, so when asked how much one box was, she shrugged her shoulders and said, "only $8.99."  Any person can do the simple math, so we just bought one box.  But, when we got the receipt, the box cost $11.99!!!!  Too busy to go back and get a refund, we just kept our mouths shut.   But, really?  Don't pull a number out of thin air if you don't know what you're talking about!The sandwiches came out fast and the dunkaccino was out in a second.  But, we waited FOREVER for a pumpkin latte.  When we finally waited long enough and approached the counter, the guy turned around and asked anyone if they made a pumpkin latte, and all four workers behind the counter shrugged and shook their head and looked at us as if we were insane.  "Nope, I haven't made a pumpkin latte for, like, 10 mins" is what one woman said.  Ohhhhhkay, how about you just make one, then???!!!!  We finally got it and walked out of there.  How anyone in the general vicinity keeps patronizing this place is beyond me, but it satisfied the annual DD fix.
3	This was my first stop at this location in over a year. I had too much bad experience (ala FourSquare days) and gave up on this location. However, one early morning, I was craving donuts and coffee, so I stopped in on my way to work. I was surprised by the early morning crew. The barista was super nice, coming out into the line to take coffee orders. It was fast, delicious, and I will probably be coming back now, just to see if things have truly changed at this location.
1	2nd time I've tried this place in 2 years.  I regret that decision.  Came here last year and picked up an order for my wife and 2 girls, everything was wrong and we were missing a whole sandwich.  My fault for assuming they could give me everything I paid for without me double checking.Fast fwd to this year and the girls really wanted a donut.  Once again, staff was less than courteous, poor help with a confusing menu that we are unfamiliar with.  My wife ordered chicken salad with her bland latte.  10 mins later they let us know they didn't have chicken salad, so they offered a fried chicken sandwich.  Instead my wife asked for the turkey that I had ordered.  Hers came on a croissant, mine was on a French roll.  The picture shows about an inch of turkey piled on the roll, the real sandwiches were seriously 1 slice of turkey.  Wow.  $22 for 2 coffes, 2 hot chocolates, 2 donuts, and 2 turkey sandwiches.  Done with DD.
