5	I really enjoyed the food here, and I'm super picky when it comes to Asian food! I ordered the Pad Thai and my friend ordered Sushi and we both loved our food. Definitely go here - you'll enjoy it!
5	Very good food. Try Shrimp tempura and Singapore noodles.
4	Hey!! Finally some decent sushi in Charlotte. Went there for lunch before a grocery trip one day, and what a nice surprise for me to find this place!! I had a rainbow roll and a dim sum platter. Both of them were quite delicious, but the dim sum platter was all deep fried, which I didn't expect (or maybe next time I should read the menu more carefully). Anyway, it's a nice, casaul local place for sushi.
5	This place is a hidden gem! We have ordered take out 2x and decided to actually dine in the last time we went. The inside is super clean and very modern. The food was excellent and the sushi was fresh. The chicken fried rice was some of the best I have ever had, as well as the general chicken. Both dine in and delivery have been great!
4	Decent! Not the greatest location, but very well-decorated and cute (left over from previous MiWa restaurant here).  Sushi fish was very fresh, but presentation just needs a little bit of work. It's close, but maybe the sushi chef is newer to the craft.  Everything was tasty, and service was speedy and pretty personal.  I felt like I could ask the owner or single server working for anything.  They should probably have more people working on busier nights (we ate there on a Sunday).  I saw a couple of women eating here by themselves.  The environment must feel friendly enough for that.  Just a couple of ambience items...some music in the dining area would be great, and the big screen TV behind the sushi chef is such an eye sore!  This cute little place is too small for that.  Replace with art, or, Masa, if you must have the TV, play silent Japanese videos, movies, or TV!  We will return.
4	I have been meaning to try this place out for a while and finally got the chance the other day.  I must say, I was impressed.  While I didn't have time to dine in, I did call in a to-go order that I picked up inside. The interior was really nice, which is somewhat surprising given the strip mall location.  I ordered sushi and a seaweed salad.  The sushi was fresh, well put together, and really tasty.  The salad was also really good and the portion size was nice as well.  I look forward to having an opportunity to sit down and enjoy a meal in the dining room.I also noticed some pretty good lunch specials as I entered the restaurant.  Very reasonable prices for sushi.
4	We order from Masa at least once a week! We just moved into a new home.....and they DELIVER! We busted through boxes moving in and they fed us. Darn good fresh Chinese food. Getting good sushi delivered is just a bonus. Curry shrimp..they use large fresh crisp shrimp. Quality ingredients...comes quickly and hot to your door pushes them to a 4*.
5	Probably the best Asian Food in South Charlotte. The food here is fresh, flavorful, and non-greasy.  They pride themselves in always using the freshest ingredients; you can taste it in the quality of their food.  I always get the string beans and shrimp because they make the crunchiest string beans I've ever tasted - they're delicious! We also love their chicken with mixed vegetables, pork chow mein, sweet and sour soup, and wonton soup. Really, you can't go wrong.
4	I ordered take out and picked up (wanted to check it out for myself the first time around) they were busy, but the place seemed comfortably so, also a huge plus that they deliver. I'll list the only minus first, but want to say the positives way out number the one minus!I had the miso soup to start. Plenty of seaweed and tofu, but the broth was somewhat bland. It was missing scallions, perhaps they were all out for the evening?I also had the cherry blossom roll and the spicy tuna roll. Both were very good, fish was fresh as were the other ingredients (and everything was packaged well for a to go order). My husband is not a huge sushi fan, so he had the chicken fried rice and the rangoons. He really enjoyed both. Even the rice tasted fresh made with good quality ingredients. As other reviewers have noted the fried items were not overly so, everything was fried to crispy perfection and just right. It almost tasted as if the items were baked for crunchiness rather than fried, they weren't oily at all. That was probably the most impressive thing about this place, that and the fresh ingredients and overall  tasty offerings : )We will definitely be going back.
5	I still continue to go to this place on a regular basis. The food still is always superb and the service there is impeccable. I've taken lots of different people there, and everyone has always loved it. If you're in this area of Charlotte, you should definitely check this place out. It's one of those hidden gems in a strip mall that you'll be happy you visited.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Masa. I've never eaten inside the restaurant, but they deliver to my house. No where else nearby can you get good chinese food as well as sushi delivered. We order from here at least once every 2 weeks. Last night I called in an order and they warned me it would be around 40 minutes for delivery, but then showed up at the front door less than 20 minutes later! I would recommend this place for delivery to anyone in the Steele Creek area of Charlotte. They are very nice too!
3	Not the best sushi I've had in my life, but good enough that I'll come back again!  The service was pretty good thanks to a nice and attentive waitress.  Luckily, I noticed we got the good waitress as I saw there was another waitress that wasn't paying much attention to her tables.  We had a few of the specialty rolls as well as the Chinese doughnuts and the seaweed salad and all of them were pretty tasty.  The chef also was super nice and brought some of the plates out to us directly.Be aware though, we went on a Friday night and found it pretty busy.  We only had to wait a few minutes to get an open booth, but I bet this place can get pretty crowded!
4	I love this place - I came here when it was Miwa, I am so mad that I moved north charlotte. anytime i am in the area I try to stop in and grab some food. Their sushi is great and fresh. the food is always good and I love their gyozas. the prices are very good too,
5	This is my fav sushi spots in the Queen's city. The Volcano rolls are to die for, I seriously crave them all the time, living 3 hours away is no fun! The owner is such a sweet man! He always remembers us. We also love the house fried Garlic shrimp. Def give it a try!
5	Love the sushi. Signature Roll is crazy good!
5	This is a hidden gem! You would never think a sushi place next to a BiLo would be sooooo good! The sushi was so fresh and they were willing to swap a few things around for my friend and I. We go the volcano roll and the cherry blossom but instead of tuna in the cherry blossom we got salmon. We couldn't decide which we like better! Then we decided to split the "happy family" dinner which had, chicken, beef, shrimp, and scallops with veggies! so much food for such a decent price. And the service was very friendly and fast! I found out they also deliver! SCORE! sushi delievered right to my house?! what could be better!
5	Fantastic and fresh every time I dine here.  The sushi is always fresh and the Asian dishes are, too.  Can't go wrong here.
2	Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but the Mongolian beef was not good at all. It was like soup! Friendly staff, but worst Mongolian beef I've ever had.
5	Excellent sushi, nice employees and fast delivery!  Great place!
5	Oh man, what do I even say? I was nervous at first cause it seemed like it might end up being...you know...but god was I wrong! I love Masa, I wish I could eat there every day. I actually have miso soup and a salmon dream roll on its way to my apartment right now. And I can't wait.Good service, very quick. Extremely good sushi, awesome quality and amazing items on the menu without being too overwhelming. Full bar, which is awesome. It's also never crowded which I love. I hate restaurants where I have to yell to talk to people. Such a great place. I love that I am walking distance.
2	The food was very good, however, my whole family spent the night very sick in the bathroom. It's the only thing we had all day besides cereal for breakfast. I've been to many ServSafe classes and this was a bad case of food poisoning. I feel cheated out of the $40 I spent.
5	I am a huge sushi lover and this place is great!  It is nestled between a BiLo and a tanning salon (don't let that deter you).  The sushi is fresh-- the portions are huge and the lunch menu is very reasonably priced.  It is worth a visit.
5	Tried the sushi! It was wonderful and not over-priced. Ordered delivery and it was fast, hot and fresh. Crispy spring roll, not oily like some other places...Crab rangoon was different, sweet and crispy. Good sushi, good spring roll and good rangoon! Wish the fried rice had eggs in it , but that is minor...   Good bang for the buck. Definitely ordering from this place again!
2	The sushi is pretty average but the chinese food is subpar, my biggest rant is their "server".  I've tried this place a few times and it's been the same girl, not only does she not have knowledge of what she's presenting but we have to ask anytime we want some kind of service. Tonight was the kicker, I saw her picking her teeth with her hand, how was I suppose to ask her for anything else after that. Disgusting!
4	So, what can I say? I'm a regular here and just now taking the time to review it. Bottom line: good sushi at a good price, and they deliver nearby.I recommend the Hella Hot roll, if you're into spicy. The roll itself doesn't really pack heat, but the sauce it comes with could singe your eyebrows! It's my favorite, hands down. And their miso is pretty tasty too. If you want to get something weird and different, try the Dragon Egg. I always get takeout, so I can't really comment on the waitstaff, but the owner is very friendly and we are always pleased to see him.I know there are a few comments about food poisoning, but of the 20 times I guess I've been there so far, neither myself nor my partner have had even a bit of trouble. Don't let those stories keep you from giving Masa a try!EDIT: I have also tried a taste of their Chinese food as well. Here are the verdicts:Tangerine Chicken - YUM, 5/5. Absolutely delicious. I've had it more than once and have found it to be consistently good. The chicken meat itself was good quality, the breading was perfectly crunchy (god, I despise soggy chicken), and the sauce was sweet and unique. I could tell it was freshly prepared. I'm drooling just thinking about it right now. Love it. It has a "hot & spicy" logo next to it but totally isn't hot or spicy. (I've learned not to trust those at ANY Asian restaurant. I don't think I've ever encountered one that was actually true.) General Tso's Chicken - Meh, 3/5. Not much flavor. A little soggy. Really standard Chinese takeout fare.
5	Everything is absolutely delicious.  Their service is superb and the environment is clean and intimate.  Nothing but praises :)
4	I love this restaurant! I have eaten in once and have ordered delivery a few times since. The wait staff was very helpful and friendly, as well as knowledgeable about the food. The sushi was fresh and flavorful! When you order and eat in, the presentation also gets an A+. My delivery presentations have varied, but considering how that is probably not so very easy to do, I believe they do a good job with that as well. The fact that they will deliver sushi to my door is FANTASTIC and worth a couple of stars on its own!The only thing I have tried that I won't be ordering again is the vegetable tempura. The vegetables were cut into very large slices and some of it I was not able to identify. (Was that a parsnip, maybe??) This could be a simple matter of preference, however. I happen to like smaller pieces and thinner slices for my tempura. I am also not a fan of parsnips or any vegetable that I can't identify easily.The one time that I ate in, my friend had a Chinese dish- the Moo goo gai pan. It looked and smelled delicious, and he really enjoyed it. I will have to try some of their Chinese on my next order.https://scontent-b-iad.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc3/1463434_10202623166088775_192666625_n.jpg
5	Stopped in for sushi on a Sunday night and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food, service and atmosphere. The fish was fresh and beautifully prepared. This is an absolute gem that has got to be under appreciated by the masses - seriously some of the best sushi I've had in Charlotte! Masa Sushi just earned two new loyal customers in this happy couple!
4	I am VERY picky about take-out Chinese/Asian food restaurants, and had completely given them up for many years  However, this place is legit: Clean/well kept, good quality food, decently priced.
4	Gosh, I remember adding this business to Yelp when I was there the first time for a birthday party. I've been back a few times since then and I'm surprised that I haven't managed to write up a review.Really good sushi with some creative and interesting offerings. I usually get four or five rolls as take out and there has yet to be a problem with anything missing. Plenty of chop sticks, enough soy sauce to float a boat and the sushi is always very well packed and prepared.The seaweed salad is excellent. Or try the Dragon Egg.They are located in the plaza between Five Guys and Firehouse Subs.
4	I go here about once a week for sushi. It is fresh, delicious and affordable. I generally stick with the basic rolls, the philly and the spicy tuna because I actually want to taste the fish....but every once I awhile I will get a specialty roll like the Salmon Dream Roll which was awesome. They always give a spicy mayo to go if you're picking up and don't charge extra for it. They also have a great sushi lunch roll combo.
5	Total hidden gem! They have a great variety of items on their menu and seem to do everything well!
3	Fairly average sushi in a part of town where there aren't many sushi options. My co-worker and I split the Cherry Blossom, Spicy Tuna, Crunchy, and another roll with jalepeno. We requested whole pieces of tuna instead of chopped and they obliged. They also offer your choice of two "basic"  rolls for $7.99 lunch special ...they are quite basic 1 ingredient rolls and to add something like avocado to the roll is a dollar upcharge. Overall I felt everything tasted fine- but nothing stood out. The service though friendly was very very slow - almost two hours for a sushi lunch. As far as its location - it is situated in a strip mall and isn't much to look at on the outside but the inside is just fine and appeared to be very clean. While I wouldn't go out of my way to return , I wouldn't write it off either.
5	This is such a good place for me if I want sushi nearby. I've been here about four times and I have never been disappointed. Miso soup was pretty good. And all of the sushi rolls I have gotten have been really good and fresh. I always enjoy coming here. Recommend to any sushi lovers! Also, I went once with a friend and she got a a vegetarian option and she really enjoyed it! Don't remember the name though!
4	Food was really good...service was ehh! Slow Sunday night, n our servers were in the weeds. Hopefully she was new! Besides that, everything was awesome. I definitely recommend to eat here.
4	I love this place because it's totally vegan friendly and she'll totally accommodate your needs .. The hostess is so charismatic and the place is in pretty good shape .. Small and quaint .. Clean and yummy .. Great prices and good service :)
1	Server did not know the menu,....45 mins to get our food , but the take out orders were going out within 15 mins.  Had the Hunan Chicken  it  had the consistency of Sushi.  Complained to owner...  his response... its cooked.  never saw or spoke to him again.  I guess he doesn't care about service.  I will say my wife liked her dinnerThey need to improve their training of staff members and Owner need to care about his customers. I will not be back, I can understand me not liking the food but there is NO excuse for POOR service. If the Owner doesn't care why should his staff
2	I hate to change this but... I seem to attract unusual things in my food. At other places I've gotten broken chicken bone shards (ouch) in burritos and fruit labels in stir fry.Masa added the rather mundane bug to my list of unexpected food finds. At least it was the only bug I caught from there that day. Previous 5* review:This place is amazing! Their sushi is always good and tastes fresh. There's nothing really stand out great about it but in the probably twenty times I've been, I've only had a couple mediocre experiences.This is definitely my go to place for sushi in the Steel Creek area. Like another reviewer said, the dragon egg while on the more expensive side is excellent and worth it! Go during lunch and they have a really good deal on two sushi rolls, can't remember the cost but it's what I usually get.
5	Our absolute favorite sushi spot in Charlotte so far, and we have tried a lot.  Cherry Blossom roll and Hella Hot are amazing and beautiful to look at.  Really any of their sushi is delicious.  So fresh, so well made.  Soups are great, salads are too.  It's a cute, small restaurant and the wait staff are so kind.  Oh and they have some really unique and delicious afternoon sushi offerings.  If we could, we'd go there every single week, at one time we did!
5	We eat at Masa at least once a week. It is by far the best sushi we have ever had. We have spent hundreds of dollars at sushi places in LA that couldn't hold a candle to Masa. The fish at Masa is always fresh. The portions are large (try the pineapple fried rice that is served in half of a carved out pineapple) and the service is GREAT!!!  It is always worth our money to go to Masa. Been dozens of times and we have never had a bad meal.
5	This place is one of my fav and usual spots to dine at when I'm craving sushi! Absolutely love love love their sushi and food! It's super fresh and super tasty. I'm so glad to see that this restaurant has blossomed. I remember when they first opened and when they barely had any foot movement. This little hidden gem now has waits on a Friday evening for dinner service! I couldn't be any happier to support this local restaurant. The owner is such a sweetheart himself!
4	If you want good sushi that is both fresh and reasonably priced, Masa is a solid choice. I both visit the location, and take advantage of the delivery service. Salmon Dream Rolls and gyozo delivered to my front door?! Yes, please. Both the food and the service are great. I highly recommend!
4	Their sushi is some of the freshest and best tasting in the area...  We've normally gone for lunch and the service has been pretty attentive and friendly.  I got the Chicken, Pineapple, Fried Rice the other day and they bring it out in half of a pineapple!  It was delicious as well.  Oh and their VERY BEST roll is the Cherry Blossom!!!  YUMMY!!!
1	Ordered delivery,what a waste of money ! the delivery guy was knocking the door so hard and look mad, I was scared to open the door. So Rude! Pad thai taste nothing like it should be, it tastes like a combination of  fish sauce and ketchup,ew The sesame chicken has a slippery breading and they use dark meat ! I just threw it away ! Gross ! So disappointed!
1	I took the Mrs. here on a bustling Friday evening. We were seated immediately and this just so happened to be the highlight of our experience. After 30 minutes of waiting for the food to arrive our server swooped in and explained how she had not rang in our order and that she was so sorry.   Another 30 minutes passed by without being offered a complimentary appetizer for the inconvenience. At the one hour mark we bid the establishment adu in search of dinner attempt number two. Not a single manager was seen in the restaurant that day. All of the servers seemed to be straight haired ditzy robots. One even asked if we wanted a refill on water. Whoa sister! No thank you, we are getting way too hydrated over here I'm going to have to cut myself off!
4	Very good sushiI have been there twice in the past two weeks, very good sushi, and friendly employees, the crunchy roll is a must!!
2	The food is great! Only giving 2 stars because service has gotten worse each time we started eating here. If you don't mind being asked for your order multiple times, this place is it! But the food is really good though.
4	I've done takeout here about 5 times. The food was always really good. My favorite items to get is the fried chicken wings and shrimp fried rice plate. The pork fried rice is pretty good too. Just remember if you do takeout, REMEMBER to ask the person ringing you up to give you soy sauce or whatever for your rice. They do not put soy sauce in your bag at all like other places. That's where the 4 stars instead of 5 come from.
3	I came here for lunch. Great lunch menu with great prices.  Food came out really quick. Actually, a little too quick for me.  However,  food had good flavor.  I ordered chicken and shrimp with fried rice. Staff was friendly but never refilled my water or checked on me. And I was sitting in her direct view. Overall,  good food.
2	My first time dining in will be my last.  If you've been there, you know the dining area is fairly small (7 booths and 3 tables).  We arrived and there were 3 or 4 booths occupied and the rest empty.  We were seated and the hostess took our drink order.  So far, so good. It took a few minutes more than felt right for such a slow night, but the waitress came and took our order.  No drink yet.  We ordered sushi and chicken fried rice.  The sushi came quite quickly, still no drink.  Even after the hostess sat the sushi down and my 6 year old said, rather loudly "Where are our drinks?"  Still, no drinks. FINALLY,  about 15 minutes after we ordered our drinks, they arrived.  There was a half-hearted apology for drinks taking so long, but it was basically in passing.Our experience is in line with the review from a few weeks ago regarding the terrible service.Anyway, very slow service, sub par food and a wait staff that is in need of a lot of training.  I'll not return to dine in. I'll pour my own drink at home, dial the number, and ask they deliver, which is usually within 15 minutes.
4	We really like Masa.  Pineapple fried rice is tasty, but we usually go for the 2 for $7 lunch special.  Sushi is not the most creative or even the best, but it is quality and great for this area (without driving into the city).  The owner is very kind and the staff are friendly.
2	Eh, sushi not that great.  Atmosphere is weird since its a small place.  The girls they have working their (door and waitress) are totally clueless and make the experience not worth it.  It's kind of a smaller Chinese/Japanese restaurant with ok sushi.  Bar selection is the normal asian minimal attempt to having beer.  I think they struggle with their identity and what they want to specialize in...at this point it's not much.
1	Bad sushi quality. We ordered to go and the presentation was exactly like the prepackaged rolls @ Harris Teeter. The rolls were horrible and SMALL especially for the price!! Never going back.
2	The food is good for a quick sushi night, but the service is just ridiculous. For a night where there are only 4 tables full, the two chicks (both look like hostesses rather than waitresses), clearly could care less about service. We started with hot sake, quick and dirty. An order of dumplings for an appetizer and three rolls. We waited 20 minutes before two of the rolls were served. After reminding the waitress/hostess that we ordered dumplings as an app and another roll, she apologized. 10 minutes later we got the dumplings. We never did get the third sushi roll!At no point did anyone ask if we needed anything. Everytime i wanted something i had to yell at the chick to get her attention. I would give three stars if it were not for the service. Will not be going back again.
2	Still going to say this is our favorite sushi restaurant in Charlotte.  However, they have hired new waitstaff that is the absolute worst.  We waited and waited for service (place our order, get refills on drinks).  They sat in a booth across the restaurant talking to each other and to a friend that I guess stopped by to visit.  They stood around on their phones, and mind you the restaurant is small, but was rather busy.  Our drinks went empty, no refills, asked, waited, asked, waited.  They brought us our gyoza but forgot our ponzu sauce, asked for it, waited, asked for it waited.  Then we had finished our soups, apps, and so there were dished to be taken away, and they brought our first plate of sushi (not small) and then started to walk away, we called her back and asked her to clear the table of some of the dishes, she looked shocked, as if that is not a normal thing to ask, then took a couple of them away.  We wanted to order a few more rolls and she said she would come back, instead she sat across the small room chatting away.  We literally had to shout to get her attention, she looked annoyed.  I am not sure if there has been a  management change or an owner change, or just poor hiring.  They use to have great waitresses and the owner or manager would come around to ask if things were good.  Either way, I sure hope they change their staff choices, that is one of those things that can make or break an experience.  STILL, the sushi is amazing, and the sushi chefs deserve all of the credit for that.
4	Service is terrible, food is well above average and amazing for the price. Often times you won't be able to get them on the phone, there's a reason for that.
