4	This place certainly surprised me. While their selection isn't as vast as other buffets, it felt like the quality of cooked food was better and not as oily. They even had one of my favorite dishes, the "fish fragrant eggplant" (direct translation)! I've tried a lot of different chinese restaurants and buffets, and this is probably the best I've had in AZ. Another thing that surprised me was how fresh and sweet the fruits were...it certainly tastes a lot better than the fruits I normally get at Costco!We went around 7 pm and the place probably had no more than 20 customers. Service was good, drinks were filled consistently, and the staff even apologized that some food wasn't as fresh due to lack of customers. When they ran out of the eggplant dish we requested some more, and within ten minutes a fresh batch was put out! I think it'll be just a matter of time before more people discover this place. I have already become a regular!minus one star for not having green tea ice cream :p
4	I saw the really great reviews for this place in Yelp and decided I had to try this place. Honestly this might be the best budget Asian Buffet I've ever been to. Some of the items I've tried were far better and more delicious than what I can get at the four closest Chinese sit down Restaurants to where I live. I'm not saying this is the best Chinese food anywhere but I'm just saying most of what I tried was better than what I can get near me and most of what I took was very good. I note I DON'T KNOW if they were just having a good day or if they are like this all the time or not since I fear endorsing any budget Chinese Buffet.This new Buffet has over 150 items and is DIRT CHEAP as they charge $7.99 for lunch and 9.99 for dinner Monday threw Thursday and the weekend 10.99. On their website they say crab legs are included on the weekend but during the week they charge you for optional crab legs $1.49 a 1/2 Lb. and $2.49 a Lb. Drinks are extra.When we walked in the servers were VERY WELCOMING and friendly. The place  seemed clean and is cute and has a slightly different look.Of course I couldn't try everything but I did take a variety of stuff. I note this is the very first budget Asian Buffet I've been to where the salmon was actually edible and not funky tasting and dried out. The salmon was moist fresh and tasty and was a shocker for me. The chicken and broccoli was actually delicious and so was the yummy Asian Eggplant dish. I would have loaded up my plate differently if I was aware these were so good. They had flounder on this buffet and it really was flounder and not some mystery fish. Nothing I tried was oily. Someone can actually cook here and make some good food.Only a few things I tried I didn't care for such as their tempura dipped vegetables as it had too much flour in it. Also they had a large variety of sushi and most were passable but not all I thought. Not the greatest sushi but better than the packaged supermarket sushi. Desserts aren't so special but you can take fruit. Why hasn't Yelp's Buffet Guy Rand been here yet? This place seems like a winner!
1	By far the worst place I've ever eaten. Selection and quality is horrible. Sushi was like rubber. They had store bought pound cakes and cookies for desert. The salad bar consisted of lettuce, cheese, croutons with your choice of dressing. Everything I tried was not good. Guess we'll head to burger king after paying our $22 bill for 2 buffets of disgustingness. Seriously, do not waste your money!!!
4	I went to the Oriental Buffet with my parents while visiting for Christmas. I am happy to give it 4 stars in the context of this being what it is, a very reasonably priced/budget oriental buffet.  This is not fancy, high, amazing cuisine - it's just a good value, tasty meal.Great variety of food - crab legs, meat, several kinds of shrimp and several signature Asian dishes.  The fried rice was pretty tasty and I loved the fried delights - egg rolls, crab Rangoon, shrimp.I did not try the sushi but it did look good! Certainly 100 times better than what you would get at a grocery store.I imagine this place gets pretty busy, so the food turns over pretty quickly.
5	I LOVE the Oriental Buffet Grill & Sushi! I went to the Oriental Buffet with my family over the Christmas holiday and I am very happy to give it 5 stars.  (Maybe I should preface this with, I was in the restaurant biz for about 10 years and its really important to me to have good customer service and good dining experience.)My family used to go to this buffet when they were in Scottsdale and we would go to the ends of the earth to eat there. The food is great, the customer service is amazing and I love the food. I am always looking for options since I am allergic to dairy and wheat and I can eat A LOT of things here. They always have tons of crab legs and their sushi is actually really good! I know they just added a Mongolian BBQ station and that is AWESOME!I really love this place and WENDY!Check it out!
5	Yay, a new Buffet!  This lovely new place that occupies the former home of Panda Buffet, which closed a while back, rang all of my bells when I dropped in to try it for lunch today, joined by Arlin B. & Mike C.From the awesome Hot & Sour Soup to the tasty & somewhat different Sushi to the big selection of 132 food items overall, plus sauces & dressings, this place is a winner!  There were tasty ribs, various kinds of fish & other seafood, lots of chicken dishes (of course), & interesting veggies.Yes, they have a nice Mongolian BBQ too, along with EIGHT kinds of good, real ice cream kept at the right temperature, & numerous other desserts.  The service from "LInda" was excellent too.     :-))
4	I'm that guy who likes both white table linen restaurants, and Asian buffets.My usual spot is closed so I use the Yelp app to see what else is within 10 miles and I am pointed to Oriental Buffet. It's hard to find even with GPS. The vast expanse of far North Peoria at night is a ghost town with little pockets of colorfully-lighted civilization along Lake Pleasant Pkwy. Here, next to a Wal-Mart, illuminated by the same fluorescent lighting you'd find in a government office building, is a very decent Asian dining find.Their sushi selection is not the most expansive, but it's serviceable. It's the cooked seafood on the steam tables that is really, really good. The ginger fried shrimp and the crab (not the Snow Crab legs, which cost extra $$) are awesome. You should eat the head-on shrimp with the shell after removing the legs. The head is edible, but kinda pokey for the mouth, so chew gently. Crunchy and damn good. The cut up clusters of lump crabmeat and legs are also completely edible, shell and all, however, you'll find the claws and the joints tougher to masticate so no one would blame you for picking out the meat and discarding those parts.  Steamed clams, and mussels and shrimp prepared in other ways are also available, and so are a few different preparations of fish, but it's the crabs and shrimp that really stand out and what I'll come back for.
4	Food and service are great. However the lighting in the restaurant is very bright and destroys the ambiance.
2	Ok, I'm not sure what everyone else saw in this place but, wow not impressed,.. The food was your standard oriental buffet with nothing really special.. On the items that I had and my mother had were cold and seemed to be in the pan to long, not very fresh.. The lack of a waitress got us an off duty employee getting us our drinks, not very professional at all. The were crickets on the floor that my mother brought to the attention of the staff and the man went over and instead of trying to pick them up he smashed it on the floor.. The place was very very slow business wise... My father did say the Sushi was good but that was it.. We won't be back.. I can find better places to spend $35.00 dollars..The signage was also pretty bad, hard to locate..
4	Bought Hot & Sour soup when I was coming off a cleanse and WOW! It was fantastic, not sure about anything else, but I'll be back for sure.
4	I have eaten here several times. Has always been clean. I enjoy the bright lighting over dim lit little buffets. Staff was always very friendly and the sushi is surprisingly good. I have always arrived very close to opening, as I always do with a buffet. Food is always more fresh close to opening. Thinking about going there today actually :-)
5	Great food and great price.   Helpful service.  Clean place. Very happy. Been here a 3 times w the family and has been good every time.
5	I love this place, the food was great and ya can't beat the price. You can have them grill up something for ya on the spot with no extra charge. The sushi was really good and the hot sour soup was excellent . Our server was so sweet and always smiling. We will definitely be back to this tucked away little treasure. Well worth the drive!
4	We love this place. Extremely friendly staff. Something for everyone here. Food is fresh. I enjoy the sushi. Crab legs weekend nights. Quick,affordable,consistent.
1	Went at 6:30pm, on a Thursday night (tonight), food was cold and old looking. I special ordered a pound of crab legs, they were ice cold inside in parts. The only thing I ate that was hot was what I had the lady cook for me on the grill. If you other folks think this is a 4 and 5 star place, either you do not get out much or your other local choices suck worse than this place. Maybe this place is better on the weekend when they actually have customers and the food turns over more frequently and is fresher. But I will never be back to find out.
5	Great place, price is right and staff is kind. Go on the weekend for the crab legs very good
4	Good value for what you get! We enjoy the unique selection of food. The sushi is good.
3	Everything is a-ok. Quality: For about eleven dollars I would say that's it's about what you should expect. It want over the top good, it wasn't bad, it was right in the middle. They have enough of a selection, everyone should be able to find something they like. Desserts were the best. With the Breyers ice cream.Service: It's a buffet.Cleanliness: I was actually shocked with how clean this place was compared to other buffets I've been to.
1	This place is closed. Apparently for non payment of rent. - at least that's what the sign on the door said. Doesn't surprise me.
5	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =Sadly, this nice Buffet has closed.  They gave it a year, & I guess this location is just a little too "out in the sticks."  We'll miss them.     :-(
1	This place is closed. Apparently for non payment of rent. - at least that's what the sign on the door said. Doesn't surprise me.
