5	We booked this hotel on Hotwire.com a few hours before we arrived at the hotel.  We got a pretty good deal.  I didn't think it would be anything special, but as it turns out, I loved it.  It was easy to find and not too far off the path from Minneapolis to Chicago.The room seemed to be designed with my habits in mind.  First of all, it was nice and spacious.  There was one queen bed (my preferred size) that was firm - in a good way.  It had two well-lit vanity areas; one inside the bathroom and one outside of the bathroom.  This is perfect, because I tend to spread out a lot when getting dolled up.  The closet area is with the vanity area, just as it should be.  The room has a mini kitchen area with a microwave and a small fridge.  I love this because I always travel with fresh food or end up with leftovers from some great nearby restaurant that I can't bear to throw away.   There was also a coffee maker.  Hallelujah.  I just want to stumble from the bed to the coffee maker and make it myself within moments of waking to avoid having to interact with the outside world in a pre-caffeinated groggy state (I'm pointing fingers at you, expensive boutique hotels!!)The room did not have a fancy TV, but who cares....the best perk of all was the free wi-fi, which is all I need for entertainment in my room.I would stay here again in a heartbeat.
2	Stayed here recently for a race and it was just ok.  The check in process was super slow - it was weird, like they have a hand-me-down computer system.  And with all the people for the race checking in, they were super concerned and quizzing to make sure that you were telling them exactly how many people were staying in the room so they could squeeze every possible dime out of you.  Annoying (mainly because the price difference isn't that much - why would I lie?).  Aside from the rude annoying check in people, I did not have any other experience with the staff. (maybe they were tired and annoyed with the crowd, but I just think if you are in the hospitality industry, you should be friendly all the time.)  The rooms were neat and clean.  Very basic, a little sad and old-lady like in decor. Bed was comfortable enough.   Breakfast in the morning was standard for that type of thing.  All in all, nothing terrible.  It was fine and served the purpose. It was convenient to where we needed to be in the morning.
5	This place is great.  The staff is friendly, the rooms are clean and the beds are comfy.   We took the double queen suite and it was huge.  In fact the staff bolstered it's image and hype by referring to it as a studio... maybe a slight exaggeration but it did have a kitchenette.The room came with two beds, couch, dining table and desk but most importantly, in the kitchen we had two complimentary bottles of water.If there was one thing negative I had to day, I would say the scrambled eggs we had for breakfast wee cold.
5	Now, I have never stayed at this hotel.  However, I will worked closely with Ben Glanz reserving rooms for various functions and he is phenomenal.  He is accessible, he works diligently to make sure we have the space we need and that my people are taken care of.Thanks Ben!As for the hotel - my staff who stays at the hotel enjoy the large rooms, fridges, and the evening meet and greets that the hotel sponsors.  The shuttles take them where they need to go and, if they ask nicely, the shuttles will take them beyond their scope.  5 stars.thanksAimee
4	Good place.  Staff was friendly, rooms were a good size.  Pool was big.  Went with a group of vegans and they got us soymilk for breakfast, which was real nice.  Easy highway access, and a fast trip to stuff on the isthmus.  Would stay here again
4	I really enjoyed my stay here. The room was really clean and the staff was super friendly and helpful.Parking was also a breeze and free.I love the breakfast. I love anywhere that serves a free breakfast but I really liked that the Clarion had such great options.If I was ever in the area again, I would definitely stay here.
2	I'm not a savvy business traveler. At least I didn't used to be. I don't lift the bed skirt before going to sleep in my hotel to check for dried up puke encrusted to the bed frame. At least I didn't used to.My second room was much nicer and cleaner. The breakfast buffet included a "build your own, no, actually just go ahead and cook your own - the batter pump and world's most complicated waffle iron is over there" waffle bar which I found charming.
5	My wife and I ended up having our vehicle break down on Rimrock Rd right in front of this hotel which helped prompt us to stay there two days. We ended up having a wonderful stay despite our woes largely in part to the staff at this Clarion. Helpful, friendly, empathetic, and cheerful, they helped us with everything from advice on what to do and where to go to keep our spirits up, to shuttle transportation to most of the Madison area. The room was clean, the bed was perfect, and one of the best breakfasts I've ever encountered at a hotel. Not only would I stay here again, it might hasten my visiting Madison just so we can.
1	We stayed the hotel for NYE, the iron I was using leaked rusty water all over my new $100 white shirt I bought and I showed it to the front desk, they said they would let the manager know. To make matters worse, there was mold growing in the bathtub that I brought up to the front desk, as well as the room my family was staying in. Again, they stated they would contact the front desk and we would be taken care of.  The next morning I showed the front desk manager the shirt and she said that it was their fault and they would pay me for the shirt if I gave them a receipt of what I paid. They also stated that the general manager would contact me because she was on vacation but when she did, she would address the cleanliness of the hotel rooms. Ok... So now the GM of the hotel is emailing me and stating the only way they will compensate is if I send them the shirt to keep on record... THE ACTUAL SHIRT!!! I need to pack up a 1 of a kind shirt, put it in the mail and send it to them. Why are they going to do with it? Will they keep it for record for the next 10 years? I can't replace the shirt, they don't make it anymore. I have all the pictures to prove fault and the documentation of when the shirt was purchased. The GM has been behind rude, condescending and all around awful to deal with. I've never been so poorly treated in my life. From now on, we will stay with Marriott. This type of experience doesn't happen with Marriott. I'm beyond disgusted.
4	Stayed in a suite for a business trip. It's super convenient if you're going to an event at the Alliant Energy center, as the hotel is connected to the center. I can't comment on the price, since my company paid for it.The room and bathroom were clean. The bed was quite comfortable. The suite is a good size, and has 2 TVs. The location is convenient. The staff was super friendly and helpful. The hot breakfast was nice, but not super. The sausage was yummy, and they had a waffle maker, toaster, and cereal. But the eggs were not very good.I couldn't find any restaurants nearby, and the hotel is not on a bus route, so eating out will probably involve a taxi if you don't have a car.
4	I absolutely love the staff and they level of service they provide here. Everyone is so warm, courteous, and accommodating. They have free hotel shuttle service to and from the airport, Epic and within a 3 mile radius of the place. Knock off one star for the facilities. The place is older and could definitely use some updating. All four times that I stayed, my room was pretty clean.
4	I have stayed at this hotel several times a year for many years.  Excellent staff, comfortable, quiet rooms at a reasonable price.  I have also rented meeting rooms in the hotel and the events were always handled in a very professional manner.  A consistently positive experience.
1	Checked into our room and went with kids to the pool. The hot tub had black water in it. No kidding. You couldn't see the bottom of the tub. The water smelled disgusting like smelly feet. How can staff not know what is going on in their hotel!  We won't be back.
