5	If you are looking for a good, honest and trustworthy mechanic, then you are sure to find one at Sunland. We found this garage through www.narpro.com (the Neighborhood Auto Repair Professionals Network) which in and of itself guarantees a straighforward, up-and-up business. However after several interactions with the professionals here, we give our seal of approval.First of all, at Sunland, they don't treat you like a dummy just because you are a woman. They take the time to explain things in simple enough terms for you to understand. They are honest about what is wrong and their prices are fair. If it doesn't need repair, they won't simply "find something" which is done at many other auto service centers. Today for example, I thought my car would need a new transmission when in fact it was just a loose part. The mechanic (Scott) simply put it back in place, tested to verify it ran well, and then sent me on my way. NO CHARGE for work not done. I expected to at least pay for labor but they didn't charge me for it. This morning I thought I'd have to purchase a new transmission at several thousand dollars, but instead walked away within a $31 bill for an oil change. Can you believe that in this day and age?Bob McLeod, the owner of this family business, is a pleasure to deal with, and has earned his 20+ year A+ accredited rating with the Better Business Bureau. We know we are in good hands with Sunland and can't imagine going anywhere else for auto repairs.PS - they are open Monday through Friday AND on Saturdays too!
5	You can't go wrong here.   Honest auto shop and great service!
5	I have been looking FOREVER for an honest and helpful mechanic.  Bob and his team are amazing.  What turned out to be quoted at another mechanic as a $600 repair turned out to be less than $200, and he took the time to explain why.  Not only are they friendly, but for the first time in 3-4 mechanics, my car drives better after 1 appointment.  Can't go wrong with Bob and his team.
5	How many times have you brought your vehicle into an Auto Shop and you just get this uneasy feeling of dread and remorse.  I did... everytime- UNTIL I followed a friend's advice and brought my car into Sunland Auto in Mesa.  This is the one and only auto service I can recommend without any doubt, whatsoever.  From the owner, who answers the phone when you call, to the guy who drives you home while they work on your car- you can count on friendly, professional and HONEST service.I have brought my Toyota in a couple of times now for random engine light warnings.  Each time, I was given an assurance that I have done the right thing and that the service I receive is valid (needed) and priced fairly.  At Sunland Auto, I trust the estimation of the price quotes and the estimated amount of time for the repair to be as accurate as possible.   I know that my car will be running more efficiently after-wards and that my money was well spent.  I trust that the mechanics, here, are going to do a solid and professional job repairing and maintaining my vehicle to safe and dependable conditions.It is almost guaranteed that if you are in the shop for 10 minutes or more, you will hear some random customer bestowing compliments and accolades about the service without being asked!  If you do ask, I challenge you to find someone with anything but positive experiences about Sunland Auto. Cheers to Bob and his auto shop!    I do recommend calling and making an appointment, because as you can imagine- they are busy.  Now why can't the rest of my life be this easy?
5	New to Mesa, my brother in law told me about Yelp.... Checked it out and found Sunland auto .  Bob and his crew were GREAT! Found the problem, fixed it and explained about plugs and why it's important to use OEM parts for repairs I have found my auto repair place in Mesa.
5	I recently went to Sunland Auto Service for a transmission issue. I got a quote from another place, then, when I had the money for the repair a month later, the original place raised the price by $400! That was enough for me to look for another "car guy". I turned to Yelp for the best, and I found them.Bob and his crew not only re-checked the problem and gave me a 2nd opinion, they charged me less than I expected. I needed a transmission re-build, and  Bob was even awesome enough to work with me on a payment plan. He treated me fairly, kindly, honestly, and trusted me to pay him back with just a handshake and my word. I will be back to Sunland if I have any future repair needs. I will also recommend them to everyone I know.
5	Took my jeep wrangler about 10 days ago and the service was great, the wait was shorter than expected and the price was a lot cheaper than what I checked around. Will go back for my next service. Thank you Bob.
5	I highly recommend Sunland Auto Service.  I went there to have my vehicle inspected prior to me selling it, and I must say, this place is a rare find nowadays.  Seriously, nothing beats an honest, knowledgeable, and thorough  mechanic!   I was also quite impressed by how the owner and the employees treated their other customers.  A +
5	As mentioned before - great place with great service
5	Sunland Auto is the only place my husband and I trust to handle the service on our vehicles. We have been taking our vehicles to Bob and his staff for over 7 years and always feel confident that they are being honest with us and that we will receive excellent service.  They explain everything very clearly and do not try and up sell unnecessary products or services. I highly recommend them for their honesty, quality of work, and their overall friendliness.
5	It is so hard to find a mechanic you can trust. I feel I finally found one that is trainable, clean and professional. At a dealership I would have paid over $1000 for my repair. At this location I saved $250 on my service. And it was not a small ordeal. I  highly recommend this place  and urge you to give them a try.
5	I have been going to Sunland for 15 years.This the most honest and qulity shop I have ever seen.I'm not the easiest customer and can be quite demanding, Bob the owner and Scott the manager have always been accomidating and very good at not only explaing the situation with my car, but then following through on what ever they tell me.Best of all it is done right and they stand behind every repair.These guys  "get"customer service! Best in the business I highly recommend them!
5	Today I was shopping around Mesa and decided that I could no longer take the screeching sound coming from my brakes so I decided to search for an automotive repair shop around the area. I saw all of the great reviews that Sunland had and decided to call and see if they could fit me in their schedule.  Bob answered the phone, gave me an estimate and let me know that if I came in right away I would be out the door by 5!   (I had a doctors appointment at 530) When I got there, Bob greeted and  introduced himself.  He then asked if I needed a ride anywhere while they were working on my car.  Since I live in Scottsdale I waited at the shop.   If I lived closer this would have been great  and convenient (they will also pick you up when they are done if you don't have a ride back).  Turns out that my brake pads were screeching because they were not the best quality and had about 1000 more miles to go before I needed to replace them. Bob was completely honest and let me know that all I really needed was an adjustment on my rear brakes and that I could wait a little longer before changing my front ones.  This is RARE with any automotive shop.  You can tell that they sincerely care about their customers and are not trying to take advantage of you. I decided to go ahead with the brake change just because I couldn't handle the screeching noise and wanted better quality brake pads put in.   Ended up getting out the door by 3 instead of 5 and the price was extremely reasonable!  At least $70 less than 3 other automotive shops that I called. When I left, Bob thanked me again for coming in and let me know to call if there were any other issues. Best experience taking my car in for a repair.  I will definitely drive the 30 minutes from my house to go back to Sunland for my next repair!
5	We called in the morning and got a quote for a new clutch from Chuck and the price was reasonable.  Well we got our truck in about 11 and they called to let us know it wasn't the clutch and it would be about 800 cheaper to fix it. They had our truck fixed and ready to be picked up by 4:30. It was so nice to work with an  honest repair shop and to have great service, thanks Chuck and Scott!
5	Absolutely the best auto repair shop in town! Very honest and reasonable. There are always cars wrapped around the lot. They will never be at a loss for business! Thanks guys!
5	Honest and reliable service.  I truly appreciate a business that could make a quick buck instead make a decision to save me money and create return business.  I've spent much more there (and glad to do so) because of it.  Thank you.
5	Honest, fast and easy to deal with. Worked with Bob and Scott and they were both very professional and helpful.
5	Found Sunland on Yelp because of its good reviews and they did not disappoint!  I dropped off my truck in the morning and received a call a few hours later relaying the problem and cost.  Truck runs great now and was an affordable fix.  Overall I feel very confident in working with Scott and Sunland to take care of all my future auto needs...
5	I used to live down the street and had been on the lookout for a good mechanic. An elderly couple swore by Bob's shop and since I was tired of getting impersonal, overpriced, and incomplete service from the Chevy dealership, I made an appointment at Sunland. I haven't looked back! Sunland is such a reliable, honest, and complete shop that I go there still even though I have moved to Chandler.
5	Went in for an oil change and also had a few other things I wanted them to check. Usually when you ask a mechanic to check something, that's their cue to start charging and suggesting repairs. Was pleasantly surprised when they said everything checked out and they even cleaned my hvac intake of debris at no charge as I had mentioned the ac wasn't blowing as hard. First time here and will definitely come back
5	Take me back to the good old days...when people took pride in their work, were polite, were honest, went above and beyond...that's what I got at Sunland. I had a serious problem with my 10-year old vehicle (transmission) and Bob provided me with several options, explained each thoroughly and gave me advice. My car runs as smooth as silk and is sometimes so quiet, I'm not sure it's running~  Bob was as good as his word in every respect and I HIGHLY recommend Sunland. (And thanks for the recommendation to Jetzon Auto Body, Bob - another five-star shop!)
5	Great service and Kind people that got the job done! Will be back! :) thanks Sunland
5	First timer to this business and it was as  good as  Yelp said !! Bob the owner greeted me with a handshake- when's the last time that happened to you ?? They were very busy so when I left my car I figured a couple of days to repair ( I told them I was in no hurry to get it back) Imagine my surprise when it was completed the same day for a fraction of what I envisioned it was going to cost! They had even drove it to Emissions to be sure it would pass !! I have 3 autos and have finally found a shop to take them to that I trust !!
5	I've had to have my car repaired twice recently and both times I took it to Sunland Auto.  They are very professional, honest, thorough with their work and reasonably priced.  They also completed the work exactly when they said they would.  They are very reliable.
5	Third time I has my cars serviced here.  Very professional ,organized, reasonable prices, After 50 years of servicing cars, these guys are the best for my Lexus and Mercedes'Brake job was half of last time.   Wow and terrific!  4 stars plus
5	Bob and his guys are great I had my jeep worked on there and they have gone out of their way to make sure I was a happy customer thank you.
5	We came in at 11am and left at 2PM. We have a volkswagon Jetta and needed our breaks replaced plus new rotars. They worked on our car quicker than we expected and at a really good price. It came out to less than $300. We will be coming back here for sure. If you are looking to wait with your car I suggest you go across the street to the gas station when you want a snack. The vending machine and gum ball machines got stuck on us a couple of times.
