4	My grandmother stays here and I came to Arizona to visit her. The upkeep here is good and the pool is relatively clean. The gym is VERY clean. Although the pool, late at night, has some non-desirable residents. I understand fun in the pool, but some drunk residents were playing beer pong on a raft in the pool and small children were playing in the pool also. The parents were concerned about the rowdiness of the drunks. All in all, I do recommend the Arboretum.
2	On our third lease and although it's my 3rd one, it will be the last.  When we first moved in, the old manager of the property was fantastic at keeping the property well maintained.  Fast forward today, and the manager here gets the little things wrong.  Plants, palm trees, etc all look like shit.  In addition, it appears that they'll now let any asshole move in.More hillbillies are, for whatever reason, moving here.As for Hunter S's post from 3/8/14, just be forewarned that the pool area has went from an area of people who liked to have fun on the weekends, to one full of loud unsupervised kids.To sum it all up, if you enjoy hillbilly families, people who leave trash everywhere, hot tubs that don't work very often, 11PM pool curfews, palm trees that need to be maintained, flowers that are beat to shit, poor project management, unsupervised kids running a muck,  gates that are there for show, and grills that never work, then look no further.  Cannot forget the plethora of speed bumps every 10 feet that take a toll on your car.  We can't wait to give our 60 day notice and move somewhere absent of hillbillies that Mark Taylor has attracted to Arboretum.
2	THE POOL IS NOT HEATED! More on that later. Cheapest of all Mark Taylor properties significantly in price and content. What you save in rent you pay for in other ways. I just renewed so obviously it's not the worst apartment complex in AZ but in comparison to any other Mark Taylor which are self described luxury apartments, the Arboretum falls way short. I have not seen any seedy underbelly and for semi-cheap rent it's a decent place to live. Problems that I've encountered here are minor but many and frequent. The pool is swimmable but clean isn't the word I would use to describe it. It's the Arboretum so of course all the foliage and other plant life make it a nice view, but it also presents the constant problem of basically the entire complex from sidewalks to swimming pool to constantly be covered in their debris. Which wouldn't be bad if the grounds crew actually ever cleaned anything. You can always find a nice amount of bugs and leaves and dirt, in what my opinion considers an excessive amount, floating around or settled on the bottom of the pool. The pool is not heated. No way. I'm from South Dakota and am one I those crazies who jump into big holes cut into the ice in a middle of a lake in the middle of winter. I know cold. For about four months when I first moved in here, October of 2013, I literally had the pool to myself. Not even on the weekends with the sun blazing through a clear sky wouldn't ever see anyone else at the pool. I jumped in the pool one Sunday by myself cause it was too cold for my girlfriend she thinks I'm crazy, the guy at the grill asked me if it was cold. "It's freezing," yelled the elder gentleman from his 2nd story balcony. I emailed the office and they responded stating the pool temp was at 80 and that they keep is between 79 and 82 and would ask maintenance to raise it by 2 degrees. At best I could tolerate the temp but mostly it was just unbearable. The hot tub is usually broke down about every other month for weeks at a time and at least in my experience here, is not an exaggeration.  All but one or two of the jets work. The rest must have cracks because the bubbles don't come out of the jets but up behind the tiling of the hot tub wall. My favorite was the time we got in and I thought the rubber seal in the floor filter was showing. I was wrong. It was a bunch of leaves and twigs clumped up at the bottom looked like a beaver had been making a home.  I've been on the office five times due to the pool gates being locked as early at 8pm. The pool closes at 11pm. Last weekend in over a 100 degree weather the pool was locked on Saturday because the algae was too much and they had to shock the pool with more chemicals to clear it up. This weekend, 4th of July weekend, we had a nice dust storm whip through and trash the pool worse than I've ever seen. 1030am there was one guy with a small net skimming the pool. You would think being a pretty big weekend for families and all others alike wanting to grill out and hang at the pool, they would have made it a higher priority to have cleaned up. Here I am writing this at 1130am still watching the one guy with his net feebly attempting to make a dent in the mess which is the pool area. I recently switched apartments from the east side of the complex to the west. I'm only saving about $100 a month going from a two bedroom to a single, but there is a priceless benefit to my move. According to the staff "this is a pretty old building and so is the plumbing".  Outside of my previous apartment as you walk to your vehicle, you get the joy of smelling the most disgusting stench. As disgusting as this sounds, my girlfriend and I debated as to whether it smelled more like vomit or fresh dog poop. Some days it took everything just to keep from throwing up as we gagged and ran to our vehicles. Apparently some of the staff was already aware of it. That was two months ago and it still persists. The floor plans look nice but it's the little things that will drive you nuts. Stuff you probably won't notice til after a few months of living here. In my previous apartment, this sounds funny, in the master bathroom, the toilet is about two inches from the sink area. Let's just say if you have to wipe I hope your not right handed. The water pressure in the master bathroom sink was barely operational. My single room apartment has no storage space so I have containers of things like Christmas decorations and other stuff stacked in the corner of my bedroom and the area what should be my dining room. The kitchen design is horrible. The cupboards are set back in areas of corner next to the fridge which makes them virtually useless. There is only one normal sized drawer to hold my silverware and another which barely hold three cloth pot holders and one oven mitt. The washer is so loud and vibrating is insane. Television channels won't come in if its running. No joke. Oops, hit the text limit will have to add another review to wrap up.
2	Here's the continuation and closure. They did get the pool open by 3pm. Better than nothing I guess. Couple more things to add. The wi if is crap. Both my apartments were less than twenty feet from the pool area where it is supposed to be best and no go. The parking is far from being sufficient. There are no cameras so whoever the group of kids were that ran into my girlfriend's new car with their bicycle thanks for that. Obviously I still live here so it's either not that bad or I'm really tolerant. Honestly I just hate moving. There are a lot of other complexes in the area and more being built that are price comparable and have much higher standards. I came to the Arboretum on several recommendations of Mark Taylor being the best hands down. The location is very close to my work. I should have done more research. This is not a Mark Taylor original. It was already built then purchased. Rent is cheaper than other Mark Taylor's but it's obvious as to why after a while. I continue to hope that they would take their image and reputation into consideration and put some effort into the way they take care of and manage this place. At best, unless there are some drastic changes, I will move again after my lease runs out. Personally I think it would be worth the break lease fee just to get into something better. Almost forgot, some of the staff have stated to me they are embarrassed when giving tours because of the poor maintenance. No, until things change, I would not recommend the Arboretum.
1	Ben do you even live at the arboretum?  It has gone downhill and you would never believe it was a Mark Taylor apt complex.  The turnover at this complex is HUGE and the amount of residents  that leave and break their lease is up over 25%and that is a fact.  The pool is trashed every weekend and I moved out last weekend because of it.  I agree with the below comment in that the class of people who have moved in and leave garbage going up the stairs is sad and gross.  While in an apt people should still treat it like home.  The maintenance crew are very nice but they should not have to clean up bags of fast food left.  I really think if the owners of  the building saw how it's maintained they would be furious.
5	My husband and I have lived in several apartments throughout the years, and this complex is by far the best! As for what some are saying, I question if they even live here? All of the girls have been nothing but helpful and nice in the office. The Grounds and maintenance staff rock! Sure you have your annoying neighbors here and there, but that's ANYWHERE. I guess we're blessed because our building is off all by itself so it makes it kind of nice  (I believe we're getting ready to sign our 3rd lease too!)
1	Awful place. I would never recommend living here.And "management," don't reply to this post. I could care less about your useless and empty apologies. Nothing you say or do will fix my thoughts and the reputation you're getting as a whole, which by the looks of this site, look pretty darn bad. So I'm glad I'm not the only one. The Arboretum is full of a bunch of incompetent ladies in their leasing office. Try getting anything done with girls that only know how to pull you in and get you to sign the lease, but not keep up with anything else they promise.
