1	This place has a nice concept where they charge the same price for any article you bring, I believe $2.50 so the price is nice. Where they are lacking is with their customer service I had two different times where my clothes were not ready when they were supposed to and the girl working told me to just come back, I asked if they will be ready by the next day and she said, "tomorrow, next day, just pick your lucky day..." They have no idea how to treat their customer and how to handle a situation where they are at fault. I will not be going back and will be be telling everybody I know about my terrible experiences there.
2	It's a good price and I have no problem with their cleaning.  It's the morning staff that is very rude.  Not a great way to start off your morning. I don't expect rainbow and sunshine, but please don't look disgusted when I walk in the door.  And please don't giggle when I mention that I may have overpaid for a dry cleaning when it should be laundry.....and by all means don't try to fix it.
1	If there was an option for no stars I would select it. This place is terrible. Lost a piece of my grandpa's suit the day before the wedding, ruined a dress of mine by putting clothes pins through a delicate material. Always have excuses... Terrible customer service.
5	Galaxy Cleaners has become my go-to dry cleaner. I've been extremely pleased with their services. Drop off and pick up are quick and easy. I've read some reviews about "rude morning staff," but I have never experienced this. The woman who serves me in the morning is always pleasant, and I always greet her and wish her a wonderful rest of her day. I imagine her day starts quite a bit earlier than mine!!
3	I guess I'm not entirely sure how "dry cleaning" works. This was my first time ever taking clothes in. I had a few of my husbands shirts and one dress. When I came back to pick everything up they told me 2 shirts and the dress said "dry clean only" and they couldn't "launder" them. Would I like to have them dry cleaned? Well yea. I actually thought that's what I doing all along. I can "launder" at home. So, I had to come back a third time to pick up my dry cleaned clothes. Seemed odd to me but l'm not very familiar with the dry cleaning business. Next time I will be more clear that I am dropping things off to be cleaned, laundered, dry cleaned, whatever they have to do to have them ready to pick up when I come back.
4	I've been using them every other week for two years. In all this time I had one issue where my clothes ended up at the wrong location. Not an issue, my clothes made it over to the correct store, I recorded a sincere apology and all taken care of.. Accidents happen... It's the service given when those accidents happen that determines my confidence.
4	I went in early and was greeted by a wonderful woman "Cherie". I stated my business that, I needed my uniform dry cleaned and pressed. Cherie, said IN by 9:00 am OUT BY 5:00 P.M. Picked up my uniform "pant and shirt" the same day and they were perfect and it only cost $4.50 ! I recommend GALAXY CLEANERS for anyone in Law Enforcement.
