5	Now, I am very hesitant to give a dentist 5 stars.  I mean if I was rating dentists as a whole, I would give them negative stars.  I have gone to a *lot* of dentists in my day and would never have considered giving one above 3 stars.  Then, I met Dr. Wyatt.  First, his helpers are super helpful and friendly.  They are nice and sometimes when they ask a question, they actually take the tools out of your mouth for you to answer!Second, Dr. Wyatt himself follows suit and is nice.  Even when you have issues he's nice about it.  He doesn't lecture or raise his voice or even seem angry that you don't do something, like oh floss all the time...  He truly seems like he wants you to have a happy, healthy smile, not like he is frustrated with your behavior.Lastly, his office is called "Reel Dental" and they have a movie theme.  Though somewhat cheesy, it's nice to have movies on in the waiting room and such.  Rumor has it that when you go in for long dental work, which I never have, you can watch a movie while it's done!  Anything to take your mind of the fact you're in a dentist chair is great.Oh, and for the ladies, he's quite easy on the eyes to look at while being worked on!
5	My first appointment with Dr Wyatt I was 6 months pregnant. My gag reflex was nonexistent and the wonderful assistant doing my xrays was such a trooper. She let me break and breath and didn't make me feel guilty about taking to long. I'm actually getting ready to return for another appointment to have some fillings done. Entire staff including Dr Wyatt are great about making what usually sucks at the very least bearable!
5	I chose this Dr. Wyatt for two reasons.1) reviews on yelp said it was great2) it's very close to my houseAnd I'm so glad that I did.  I had my second appointment today, and while having some dental work done, I was able to watch Dumb and Dumber.  You just can't beat that.  Period.Oh, and they had a lisitng of more that 50 movies to choose from.  Kind of like karaoke.  And I was numb enough to not feed a darn thing.  Very pleasant.. yes!  Pleasant experience for a dentist appointment.
5	Dr Wyatt's practice eclipses anything I've found in this town.  ALL of his staff I've encountered have been very sweet, while being honest and direct and LISTENING to my concerns and very patiently talking through all my questions.  I'm sure I'm not alone in being freaked out by people doing things in my mouth.  I have had special fears in this area, and they were very gracious in helping me get through it.  I've been back twice, once for a filling and just recently for a difficult wisdom tooth extraction.  I felt like I was expertly cared for through the entire experience - I have literally been putting this off for years because no one else did that for me.It doesn't show how much I dislike the medical care I've found in Phoenix in general based on my Yelp reviews because I'm usually so annoyed, astounded or afraid to write something I will regret later that I just don't write.  So it's my great pleasure to recommend Dr Wyatt and his staff.One other side note on the character of the Doc -on my last visit I found out that he recently donated several months of his time traveling overseas performing dental care in the 3rd world.  Bravo.
5	I went in as a new patient. Had an exam and cleaning. The staff were great. Dr. Wyatt was nice, knowledgable and not bad on the eyes either. I am not a big fan of dental work but they put me at ease and it was a great experience!
