4	This is a chain restaurant, but they are fanatical about the quality of their food and service.  It's a little pricey at around $20-$25 a plate for a dinner entree but the food is high quality.Let's get our priorities in order:In terms of drinks, I had a vodka tonic (Well vodka there is Smirnoff but they also carry Ketel One) and a Watermelon Margarita.  The vodka tonic was about what you'd expect.  A decent neutral drink with a splash of citrus.  The Watermelon Margarita was a little sweet for my taste but it was definitely an interesting experience and certainly strong enough and big enough.  It's a $9 drink but it comes with a sidecar caraffe that will completely refill the Margarita glass and then some so it's really like 2 margaritas for under five bucks each.Now that that's out of the way let's discuss dessert:I had a bite of the cheesecake which was tasty, but not award winning.    Entrees:I tried the NY strip and a lobster tail, both of which were well prepared though I'm not a huge fan of their spice rub.  It's not bad mind you, I just prefer my steaks either naked or marinated.  The good news is their steaks are never frozen and the quality of the cuts I saw looked pretty high (mine was good).  The lobster tail was good.  I'd say comparable to Red Lobster which is probably about all you can expect for a chain restaurant in the desert.  Besides, I like Red Lobster so that's not intended to be a slight, it's just not the same as living in port towns and having fresh local seafood available which is an entirely different thing.The house garden salad was nothing to write home about, but it wasn't disgusting either.  They rounded up the usual suspects (Iceberg, Carrots, an onion ring, a couple of cucumbers and some cherry tomatoes) and held them for questioning in an average sized bowl.  it was about what you'd expect for a dinner salad at a steak place.The bread was fresh and delicious.  I liked the taste better than that brown stuff they serve at Outback.My baked potato was pretty much what you'd expect from a baked potato. Split down the middle with butter in it.  It was good, but I couldn't finish it as I had too many other competing morsels to contend with.All in all the food was good and my only complaint was that I ate too much.  I would definitely go again.
1	I went here last night with a hankering for steak, and let's just say I still have a hankering.
4	We've been here twice and I have to say, that for a chain, it's pretty darn good!  I get the Parm crusted chicken which is Yummy!  My hubby gets steak and it's always prepared perfectly.  The baked potato was "loaded" but I'd say lightly so...The appetizer Firecracker Chicken Wraps is really tasty.  The sauce they use is too hot though, ask for ranch (and their ranch is great!) The ice tea is not watered down and the desserts are pretty good.  The Ultimate Brownie Sundae is HUGE.  More than enough for two, or three...you get the idea.The service has been exceptional both times and they seem to be sticklers for service...boy that's so nice!  Manager has been present and helping each time we've gone.Join their club at the website for a free appetizer coupon and go get some grub!
1	I went here for the first time last night and I thought I was going to have a good meal.  The bread was good and my salad looked good until I found a bug in it that was laying on its back with it's legs still moving.  All they did was offer to replace my salad.  Needless to say, I was utterly disgusted and found myself looking through my entree to make sure there wasn't another bug anywhere in it.  I had the filet stuffed with fontina and mushrooms.  Had I not been so worried about finding another bug in my food, I probably would have thoroughly enjoyed the steak because it actually tasted really good, but after the salad my meal was ruined.
4	Great services and dishes!
5	Does Anyone know why this place closed here in Arizona?? They seem to not have any locations at all here.
