5	I LOVE White Lion Tea. The company uses great quality of everything!!!My favorites are Tuscany, Ginger Peach, Green Passion Tea, White Ambrosia Tea as far as I have tried :) Everytime I opened a tea bag, I have to take a good deep inhale from a tea bag. It's smell soooo great as the tea taste.Thank you White Lion for having such awesome products !!!
5	Note that this location is a factory, and not a retail shop!Came across the sampler tea case while dining at one of my favorite organic restaurants in the valley, Calistro Bistro, a few months back.  (I promise I'll get to that review soon!)  It's quite fun and therapeutic to just inhale the numerous teas they have to offer.  After taking my aunts, Mom, and cousins to lunch there a couple of weeks ago, I decided I'd surprise one of my aunts with a gift of a large canister of the organic citrus chamomile loose tea ($37) since she had enjoyed the pot/s she had at Calistro.  My other aunt and cousin also loved the tea, so I know many people will benefit fro the gift canister.  It smelled delicious at the restaurant, and the colors were simply beautiful-- my aunts ordered more water and thus enjoyed two pots o' tea for the price of one!Since I'd already opened an online account many months ago, I usually get alerts on free shipping deals, but this was the first time I had a great reason to take advantage of it.  I also decided to order a 10-count keepsake tin of Masala Chai black tea ($14.50), and glass jars of herbal Blueberry Acai loose tea and herbal Tranquility (chamomile, lemongrass, hibiscus, licorice, and lavender) for $15.95 each.  Not only did I get free shipping, but I was also able to receive a complimentary mini-canister of a whatever iced-tea-of-the-month blend they have on hand, which in this case was Passion Fruit, with any $60 purchase!  Unfortunately, my order was missing the complimentary gift, but after a quick phone call, and a confirmation call ten minutes later, my canister is waiting for me to pick it up at the factory.  (Why waste packaging materials and time having it delivered when it's a few blocks from my place?)The keepsake tin is cute, but it's coated with a black matte finish, thus reminding me of the tins of my dearest cats' ashes...  The glass jars are adorable, and I know my aunt will love to bring these with her when she flies home to Manila.  Will update with reviews on the teas soon!
