3	Nice hotel. Good rate, via online weekend deals. Great free breakfast. Bed was comfy. No complaints about room or service. Upgrade over other budget places. Would stay again.
3	We spent one night at the La Quinta Inn in Champaign while attending Ebertfest. There are few hotels in Champaign that are actually convenient to anything other than the highway and the mall, so that was neither a draw nor a drawback. Our room was clean and comfortable, and the staff at the front desk were very apologetic about putting us in a handicapped-accessible room rather than the regular king room we'd requested. Handicapped-accessible primarily meant a larger bathroom/bathtub, which is always a good thing. The Continental breakfast was uninspired but not skimpy either: breakfast breads, yogurt, fruit, cereal, prepackaged muffins, and a waffle bar. In short, the La Quinta was a good value, and I'd be happy to stay there again.
4	Stayed just for a day while visiting friends in Urbana. Rooms were well lit and clean; lobby staff was friendly and professional as well. Price was ~$75 (after tax) for a room with two double beds. Many restaurants and businesses within walking distance, making this a convenient location. I've stayed at LaQuintas before, and they've usually been very clean, with friendly and professional staff.
5	Clean as a whistle.Good beds.Good shower.Carpet seemed very new and clean.Breakfast was good. Nothin fancy. Coffee was very good.Friendly people at the desk.Good price.I will be back!!!
2	Only stayed here because of a snowstorm and because the seven other hotels, I called were booked. I was not satisfied with my stay.
5	I am very pleased with this hotel. Clean, nicely decorated, close to the highway. Good selection for free breakfast - waffles, oatmeal, breads, fruit, eggs, juices. Came in late last night & got a great room with a nice view of the outdoor pool. Cozy little exercise room with newer equipment. I definitely feel like I got my money's worth.
4	Nice, modern, clean rooms. Very comfortable beds. Very friendly staff. Breakfast was simple but perfect for us-oatmeal, bagels, fruit, coffee, juice. Only con was being woken up by construction workers eating breakfast and getting ready for their day around 6:30am.
5	This recently remodeled hotel was perfect for our two night stay for a wedding. The rooms were clean and nicely decorated. The main lobby was very nice! The breakfast area was a little small, but I didn't eat in the lobby. I took it back to my room. We put the do not disturb sign up for the weekend- so not to waste the maids time. They were so awesome and they left a bag of clean towels at our door just in case we needed them! The pool looked nice, we ran out of time to use it. The only complaint I have was that the air conditioning was hard to control, it was really loud, but I think that was more my boyfriend's fault. I would definitely stay there again!
3	If you're looking for a cheap hotel in Champaign, this La Quinta will do the trick. It's nothing fancy whatsoever, but the hotel has been updated recently and is an A-OK place to stay. Here's what I liked:-it's a real bargain. -The staff was all friendly. -The bed was comfortable, and the room was clean. -They offer free breakfast, but be warned: it's carb overload. Since I don't eat wheat, I didn't have anything. But still, it's a nice touch. -Free wifi!And here's what I didn't love:-The rooms still feel cheap even with the updates. But hey, you get what you pay for. -It's really easy to hear every little thing outside the room. Get ready to hear everything in the hallway and outside at the pool. -This is nitpicky, but this was hands-down the worst coffee I've ever had.
4	I was a bit hesitant since I had to book this hotel since all the ones I preferred were taken.  It was move in day for my daughter at UIUC college.   I was pleasantly surprised.  It was very clean, beds comfortable, breakfast was very nice.  The bathrooms were a bit small but overall the room was very comfortable.  It is next to many restaurants and a mall and easy access to UIUC.  I would stay here again without hesitation. PS...I am highly allergic to mold and was worried from a past review. I prefer non carpeted rooms.  It was 90 degrees and my throat would swell with any type of serious mold.  I slept great with no sore throat so I am certain no real mold issues for those worried.
