4	4.5 solid stars! Early Dec 2007Headliner : Mitch Fatel I would review Mitch in Las Vegas but since he's not a regular here, I'll review the venue. Headliners change every few days, but we certainly lucked out! We had a GREAT night out at the ol' tropicana (locals 2 for 1 night, it was Tuesday), includes one drink... the casino itself is very 'old school' but charming nonetheless. We *loved* it. OMG, in reading about the Vegas Slayton show by a fellow Vegas Yelper, I'm so glad we chanced upon this place as we wanted a 'quiet night' in Vegas. (I listened to 2 minutes of that Slayton's schtick and had to close my browser. [1] What a yahoo.. is that comedy?? I get bigger laughs sitting at the family table during the holidays.) But back to the Comedy Stop: At first.... the very first intro-'warmup'- comedian cracked a 'joke' referring to a trio of Asian women sitting at the end of the room as 'lotus blossoms' which kind of made my eyes roll, but thankfully we weren't heading in that direction (phew!) Can't remember his name.. but... yeah, notsofunny. The 2nd comedian was good too- he was an SF native (?) who used to juggle apples and bite them in his youth as a street performer but i can't remember his name, sadface. His act was half comedy, half performance, which included a bit of him riding a unicycle and asking a middle aged gentleman to help him balance. awkward but funny. So we get to: Mitch FatelGoogle it, youtube it, google video it. [2]He's one funny dude.Deadpan, smart, witty.Kinda like Brent Weinbach, with the awkwardness of Demetri Martin.[1] Slayton Comedy show on youtube: "Joke" #1 These people come from all these third world countries.... Mexico, Guatemala and Haiti and Cuba.... I understand why they come here........These are dirty filthy disgusting countries..... And you'd think with all the ****ing cleaning ladies that come out of there................"Joke"  #2: The cabdriver says to me in haiti I was a doctor.... I says in ****ing haiti I could be a doctor .....What does it take to be a doctor in haiti? What do you need, a chicken foot and a band aid? Boola Boola..... I'm a doctor ......Oh shut up, voodoo man, Take me to my hotel. (That was at 1:53 on the youtube video. I had to turn it off, it was so ridiculously NOT funny... dude, you're no George Carlin.) [2] video.google.com search term: Mitch Fatel
5	A reason to come to VegasMy wife and I never miss an opportunity to stop at the Trop for the comedy show (this is really the only acceptable reason to ever patronize the Tropicana) Comedy is great in this throw back from the 70/80's with a legacy of the biggest performers ever. tickets are a steal and service is old school and refreshing
5	The comedians change often so I'm sure your destine to get a bad show but when I went on July 8th, it was funny as heck. The price is right!! The seating in a bit tight but what do you expect. Do plenty of pre-drinking because they are not pushy with their drinks (which is nice). There are plenty of coupons available in free magazines around town. Tip the door man and you'll sit up close!!! Maybe too close. Comedians like to pick on the front row.  Have fun and prepare to be offended. Not alright for kids.
5	Had a good time here. Very reasonably priced, around $20? Apparently theres also coupons in the magazines at the box office. The comedians and audience were all funny. I was laughing throughout. I would come again.
3	My boyfriend and I attended a comedy show at the Comedy Stop.There were a total of three comedians and the length of the show was just right.The $21.95 ticket price was fairly reasonable.  This includes a free drink, which is nice.Look for coupons in the free magazines to save more money.
4	I've been here 3 or 4 times.  It's a great place to be entertained for a reasonable price.  Look for dollars off coupons in the free magazines.The comedians have always been very funny and talented.  The show lasts about an hour and a half maybe.  You used to get two (2) free drinks with admission, but they've cut it back to only one (1) now.  Bummer, and only one bar tender so it takes standing in line awhile to get your drink.  Seating is cramped.Be prepared to laugh.  It's a very funny show!
4	Great value for your hard earned dollars and if you get coupons, it is even better. You even get a drink with the each ticket. Very entertaining!
5	I have been to many comedy shows and this was the best I have ever seen. My wife and I went on Sunday and the three comedians made us piss our pants. I literally had a headache after the show from laughing so much. The place was empty and they still killed it. That has to be hard. I would recommend to anyone. Awesome.
