4	We went here after the light show at Notre Dome in Old Montreal.  It is a short walk, about 7 blocks, and has some amazing open air seating in their courtyard.  When we got there we walked into the restaurant and saw that no one was in there.  We started to get a little scared but then we were directed to the courtyard which was packed.  Once seated we were greeted by a nice waitress but she seemed somewhat overwhelmed by the amount of people she was waiting on.  We ordered our drinks and about 10 minutes later.  Then it just got worse.   We didn't get any bread, our appetizer took a decent amount of time to come out and our meals were pretty late as well.  That is the service side of things, now for taste.  The appetizer we got was very good.  My wife's meal was amazing but my meal was pretty bland.  I can not fault the restaurant for this though.  I ordered a pasta that comes with andouille sausage, but I asked for them to keep that off.  So the pasta wasn't up to the full potential.  I would suggest this restaurant again and I would probably give it another try but I would definitely look at other restaurants before coming back.
5	French Fries fried in duck fat.  Need I say more?  Oh, and cute waiters too.Fantastic patio spot for lunch that's mostly local young professionals.  Great wines by the glass.  I had an amazing duck confit sandwich with thinly sliced celery and apple on sliced bread that I believe had chestnuts in it.  Really unique and delicious.  Did I mention the duck fat french fries?
4	beautiful outdoor garden, real yummy food.. attentive + polite hostess/servers..we got mushroom cappucino w/ rosemary (best soup I've ever tasted!)yes, fries in duck fat here is super famous! and foie gras nem is a very cute yummy reinvention of this delicacy in spring roll version for people who can't engulf the whole fatty liver @ one sitting.. beef tartar looks almost identical to the one I got from Paris, it's good overall (just too many capers for my taste)... creme brulee is sooooo good. yummy melt in your mouth..  i'm from boston and it's 100X better than the ones from petit robert (always too eggy).perfect for before/after light show @ notre dame..
3	Outdoor seating is gorgeous. Decent food, attentive staff. Business crowd.
2	This is a restaurant with great atmosphere and lots of potential but poor service and average food takes this review from four stars to two. Would you be happy spending $85+tip on this? 1. The reservation for table on the terrace was "lost" and we sat inside.2. Our food was left under the kitchen heater so long it was hot and cold at the same time (was there no one designated to run food?)3. Our waiter was covering too many tables and could not manage all of them (e.g. I asked for a second glass of wine with dinner and was brought the menu half way through my entree). Management take note. The food is average at best and the menu predictable. Montreal is supposed to be one of the best "culinary cities" in North America. Either fire your manager or get a new chef because mediocre food and sloppy service is a recipe for unhappy foodies. I really wanted to love this restaurant but even duck fat fries can't save this one.
3	Loved the outdoor seating.  Perfect with a nice glass of wine. The food was average...the portion sizes were really small, and not worth the $$$.  Had the sage ravioli, and the grilled salmon; both of which were average.  The service was very friendly and the atmosphere was great.  Other than that, nothing too memorable.
5	we had a wonderful dinner.  The food was very good, the service was outstanding and the ambience was simply superb. overall, it was also reasonably priced.  Highly recommended
4	Great casual place with upscale food.  Very nice and fresh tasting authentic Quebec food.  French fries are incredible.  Kid friendly in the terrasse.  Decent service.
5	I haven't eaten here yet, but based on ambiance alone, it's at the top of my list to check out the next time I'm in Montreal!
4	Very nice garden seating; food was quite nice as well.  If a relaxing patio evening is your goal, I would highly recommend taking Boris Bistro for a whirl.  My only complaint was that the scallops I ordered came wrapped in bacon, which was not on the menu.  I peeled it off and ate the scallops, but really they should put that in the menu; big miss.
4	One of the best meals that we had in town. A beautiful outdoor patio under canopy tops. Even better, they had smoking and non smoking sections, which I learned later in my trip are a must. Excellent, helpful service, and inexpensive prices. I had the Lamb shank confit, tomato sauce and creamy polenta. It was succulent and just fell off the bone. Kris had the Mahi-mahi on crispy vegetables served with jasmine rice and loved it. We also split an order of the duck fat fries, which were good. A great meal in a nice setting. Highly recommended.
3	Good food, but the service was a little off; perhaps because it was a busy Saturday night, or because the server was having a bad night. Either way, it was a little off-putting. However, the food was pretty good -- especially the braised duck with polenta (topped with bacon -- what what!). With that said, it's not the best meal in the area, but Boris Bistro certainly has the best patio.
4	Super nice outdoor patio! Lots of place!Be careful to the women wearing nice fancy stiletto, there is small gravel on the patio area.The food was great, had the "veau au lait du quebec" It was great and reminded me of short ribsThe service was a little slow but that's okNice food and wine selection.My coup de coeur was the patatas bravas ailoli....the potatoes were ok, little saggy.Would go again for the outdoor setting
4	Really good spot in old Montreal.  The $$ is a stretch, I'd put it more at the $$$ level but it's totally worth it.  Friendly staff and great atmosphere.  The grilled Bison was fantastic, arguably better than any steak filet I've ever had.
4	Excellent outdoor oasis in the middle of the city. The food was good - fries cooked in duck fat, yummm - and the service was pleasant, but its the outdoor patio that makes this place special. Great for an afternoon umbra on a hot day.
4	Very cool place. The outdoor patio is oneof the nicest spots in Montreal. Had dinner on a Saturday night. Food wasexcellent  and service was friendly and attentive. Duck risotto was a standout and all of the three courses we had were very very good. About $70-$80 per person all in with few glasses of wine each. Far fromcheap, but, a good value considering the total package of food and ambiance.
4	Summertime means Montrealer's become terasse-junkies, and Boris Bistro offers one of the best terasses in the city. The enchanting patio is enclosed behind an ivy-covered entrance, making the place seem almost like a secret hideaway.The cocktail list is original and extensive and the service is outstanding.The food is decent, though the only truly impressive dish was the french fries cooked in duck fat and the bison steak. It's hard not to give a place with such an impressive terasse 5 stars, but the food brings the caliber down a notch. Come here for drinks!
3	The restaurant has a nice outdoor setting, which was perfect for the warm weather that night. However the hosts weren't so pleasant; when our table wasn't ready as previously reserved, they were less than apologetic about the extra delay. But after waiting 15 minutes past our 9pm reservation, we sat down and had a very good meal. Our appetizers included escargot (very good) and duck-fat French fries, which were also good, but for me there was no real distinct flavor in duck fat versus regular oil. I had the duck confit sandwich, and my companions had seafood dishes. The waiter was very good and made up for the hosts' behavior earlier. I'd go back, but not on a busy night.
4	Since us Montrealers are forced to hibernate for much of our long winters, the summer time is when we regain consciousness and park ourselves at the best terrasses Montreal has to offer. Boris Bistro is one of those places, with a great ambiance and a charming hidden terrasse that gives you a feel of the classic novel and film, "The Secret Garden." It can get really busy, so don't expect quick service at all times, but the staff makes up for it with their friendly and accommodating demeanor. I've eaten lunch here before and it was great, but I prefer to come for the Bistro's extensive cocktail and wine list.
5	One of the most pleasant restaurant experiences I've ever had, and no, I am not affiliated with Boris Bistro in any way! I'm just a happy tourist from New York City, specifically Brooklyn!Duck fat fries were on me and my friend's mind as we made our way back to Old Montreal on our last night in this elegant Canadian city, resolving not to leave until we've tried Boris Bistro's legendary fries. But they paled compared to the service: our waitress was extremely nice and even though we only had 2 glasses of wine, 2 beers, and duck fat fries, she kept on checking to see if everything was all right and let us stay for two hours, never made us feel rushed, and even offering snuggies (available for all their customers) when it got a little chilly!! All I kept thinking about was: joie de vivre! This is what life is about: enjoying wine, good company, great conversation, great setting- outdoors underneath umbrellas and trees with chirping birds- and duck fat fries!I wish I could rave and rave about the fries, they were great, but nothing out of the ordinary. Crispy and firm, with a bit of mayonnaise, each fry was delish, but I couldn't figure out how they differed from regular french fries other than the name. Yet I'm not backing down from my 5-star rating because my Boris Bistro review takes the whole package into consideration, and the whole package was an early birthday present wrapped up in elegant wrapping paper and a pretty ribbon tied with great care.I left Boris Bistro and Montreal absolutely glowing!
1	Good for kids??? As long as you come for lunch. We were there for dinner and they would not let us in.
3	Atmosphere was fantastic, such a great patio, I was a little disappointed over the food though. The fries weren't very tasty and the potato wasn't very thick (I didn't taste any soft potato). The duck risotto was a little tasteless, although the steak tartar was quite yummy (strong mustard taste though). The coffee beer was great! Service was good too, I just wish that the food was better!
4	Really nice atmosphere, great service. Food is ok
4	I loved this place! Great outdoor seating, fantastic people watching and their vegan plate was delicious.  It is around the corner from all the Old Montreal hotspots, but worth the extra walk.
3	Hmm....Where to start. I was recommended to go to this place by my partner in crime. She said the ambiance is lovely and the terrace is beautiful. I must admit the atmosphere is quite nice. You feel as though you're indoors yet outdoors. I think the terrace was less floral because of the extremely hot summer we had this year. But other than that, there was lots of green. My dish was salmon tartare and it came with fries. I enjoyed it. Not one of the best salmon tartares I've had, but it was still a good eat. My boyfriend's dish on the other hand was more expensive and more disappointing. A mahi mahi that was served slightly cold. He only liked the potato slices that were undermeath, not the main attraction of the plate. What really disappointed me was the popular chips with duck fat. We decided to order it to go because we wanted to see what the hype was all about. Almost everyone around us had those chips.  Instead we got totally ripped off with only a small bowl of chips that tasted almost burnt.  5$ for those chips...I've never spent so much money on chips in my life.I give this place a 3 because my dish was ok, my boyfriend's dish was really not ok, and the chips were a total rip off. But I liked the atmosphere so I give it an ok ratingI wouldn't go back, just for drinks maybe.
5	This is quite the hot spot in Montreal. This was our second time at this restaurant and so glad to see they are going on strong. This place has a wonderful atmosphere with fashionable folks from Montreal. Wonderful drinks and lunch entrees.
4	I've been here twice - first time in summer when we sat at the outdoor terrace, and the second time in winter when we were all seated indoors. Obviously a popular place looking at the lunch crowd. Food is very savory. Amongst us, we had the duck risotto, salmon tartare and the grilled scallops - all delectable. Ambience is pretty much what you'll expect in a bistro downtown. Service was pleasant and fast.
4	Stumbled upon Boris Bistro on a gorgeous Friday afternoon.  They had pulled out all the chairs and tables for a patio night and we took advantage of it.  We didn't have a reservation, but got really lucky and scored a darling table.  Music was subtle but the place was lively anyway.  My friend and I ordered a few apps and drinks.  I had the Boris Mojito...I don't know what was in it, but it was nice, but not strong enough.  (Note:  I've never had a strong cocktail outside of the US, and this was no exception, What's the deal?).  I ordered the Boris Poutine, duck fat fries, whisky sauce and guinea fowl.  It was good, but not my favorite poutine.  My friend had the caponatta and it was fresh and delicious.  Service was friendly, ambiance was great and the patio was lovely.  Would recommend.
4	Peperonata, mascarpone fritter, goat cheese appetizer was very refreshing (yummy peppers) and Red Tuna Boris Style was very good. Recommend outdoor seating when you visit - beautiful terrasse makes for great ambience! Good cocktails as well - had the Boris style mojito.
3	Food was good, took 120 minutes for food to Arline.  Waiter was extremely apologetic, food, when arrived was lukewarm, not bad, but not worth the wait.  On the plus side, the mojitos were very good, and they comped us dessert due to the wait.  May have been because the weather was so lovely, but no excuse, really
4	I went here for a hangover brunch with 4 friends after a bachelor party.  We were pleasantly surprised by the amazing patio (on a 75 degree day).  The fresh and diverse menu was the perfect complement to the traditional bistro feel.  I had the grilled salmon, served on top of a vibrant spinach salad, and it was great.  The only thing that wasn't great was the wait - at least an hour.  Our waiter was very friendly though, and all the staff in general were very congenial.  Definitely go here on a nice day and order some appetizers!
4	When first arriving at the address listed this looks like an office building, but a few feet further you'll see the preserved heritage stone facade that opens on to a leafy lovely terrasse. When I called in advance Boris couldn't take my reservation for 10 for 5pm but assured me there was a good chance we could be seated when we arrived, don't know if it was the cloudy skies or the fact that we knew we'd be done by 7 but they seated us no problem (much to my relief) and accommodated all our extra guests without batting an eye.The staff in general I found super sweet, attentive without hovering, and just generally professional. Nom-wise I enjoyed my wine immensely, and the rounds of duck fat fries with the mayo-ketchup-Harissa dip were definite crowd-pleasers. Overall, a great option to have in your pocket for downtown / old Mtl terrasses.
4	A group of six friends made a late reservation  for a birthday dinner, we were seated immediately and the magic began!! The service was spot on the waitress was attentive yet unobtrusive. The food was fantastic especially the duck risotto with orange cream sauce! A must try if you are visiting Montreal-especially in the evening, the garden is amazing!
5	We were lucky to find Boris Bistro the first evening of our 20th anniversary week in Montreal. We've been back several times for lunch (specifically for the fantastic Charcuterie Maison - with a crisp white wine for me and a Quebecois gin martini for my husband). The environment is lovely and the staff attentive, but not intrusive. Do make lunch reservations if you think you'll arrive near 1pm. For dinner at any time, call ahead for reservations.
3	The place is beautiful, unfortunately the chairs in the patio are extremely uncomfortable and the plates are expensive enough. The drinks are great, I loved lichee martini.
4	Outdoor seating in a secret garden! At first sight you are blown away by the location and you keep praying to yourself  "I hope the food is as good". And it is!. One of the nicest hidden gems in Montreal, open late.
5	Highly recommended - for both fantastic food and excellent service!  The staff are highly attentive and genuinely want you to have a wonderful experience.  My mum and I had dinner at Boris Bistro tonight - my mum had special requests for her medial condition - the staff assisted and the chef made a perfect meal.  I had the warm poached shrimp salad - heavenly!  They have a beautiful courtyard and interior dining.  You will love Boris Bistro!
1	The host refused to seat us because we had a child with us, or at least that is what he said.  However, there was another table where there were 2 kids seated.  The host said that since they have a bar license, they can not allow kids.  Either they violated the license rules by allowing the other kids, or we were discriminated.
4	I highly recommend this restaurant. We walked by looking for lunch on a Monday and saw this beautiful outdoor seating area. Because we didn't have reservations, we sat inside but it was still nice. It seems many businesses host lunches there during the week. I would highly recommend making reservations.The foie gras, warm salad (string bean salad) with shrimp, and red tuna steak were all very good.
5	My friend and I dropped in for brunch. We didnt have a reservation so we werent able to get a table outside, but we sat indoors right by the window. We ordered the foie gras for appetizer, warm salad with shrimp (which was 4-5 jumbo shrimps on top of steamed veggies), and tuna boris style. Everything was delicious and we were very satisfied with our meal. It was the perfect brunch spot. Highly recommend checking it out but get a reservation in advance!
5	Sitting outside on a pleasant summer Sunday evening, we had one of the best meals anywhere, anytime.  Although the highly touted duck risotto was less than expected, the Lapin de Val was superb in an enchanting rosemary infused cream sauce. Service by Anabel was exemplary.  Finishing off a fine meal was the super tasty, evidently local, strawberries with mascarpone and my wife had a lovely creme brulee, not exactly in the french style, but creamy and delicious nonetheless. An excellent dining experience
5	Boris Bistro is simply amazing. The service is excellent, and the waitstaff are friendly, attentive and very knowledgeable about the menu. The outdoor terasse is beautiful, and a perfect place for a group dinner. The menu has good variety and everybody was very satisfied with their food, and the winning dish was the beef tartar. Desserts were quite good as well. And to top it all off, everything is very reasonably priced. Would definitely recommend getting a reservation to make sure you can sit outside!
5	Boris Bistro is a hidden gem in old Montreal. I pass by from time to time and always assumed it's a pretentious overpriced restaurant. However, after I finally got a chance to try it, I fell in love with it immediately.The best part of Boris Bistro is their terrasse. It's only open during summer time and looks like an abandoned back yard brought back to life by the merry guests. Very few things can beat the feeling of sipping a refreshing drink under the trees in a breezy summer night.Boris Bistro has a nice wine list and surprisingly cheap happy hour drinks that can make sure you are drunk before the night comes.Of course, the food is the highlight as well!I tried their red tuna, grilled to perfection. And the dessert! The combination of chocolate and salted caramel is just divine!I'll definitely go back there for more drinks. :) The waitress told me that it's better to go before 5pm, or it may be hard to get seats.
4	Boris bistro differs from other restaurant in the old port area as they offer a cute terrace , well built and lit for summer nights. As a result , the restaurant offers a quiet and romantic dinner or business dinners ;) As for the food , I really enjoyed my rabbit as I got to eat a bunny that was roasted for hours along with brocolis that was served in their sauce that was house made. I could also argue that the plate was pretty small and it doesn't really fill you up 100% but I guess you'll still get to enjoy the great quality of the food .My partner had the risotto , which was able to fill her up and based on her comments , she really appreciated it.Last thing , the lemon juice is literally house made and is probably a necessary drink if one is thirsty during one of the epic hot day of Montreal .
4	A great find recommended by our concierge. We were looking for something in the neighborhood, nothing too complicated and reasonably priced with an interesting menu. Boris Bistro fit our requirements perfectly. A creative menu with French flair, the selections were interesting, creative and tasty. I had a bowl of what was billed as old fashioned tomato soup; fortunately it had chunks of fresh tomatoes as well as tasty croutons. I followed it with salmon tartare, actually a wedge of raw salmon accompanied by a small mixed greens salad and string potatoes fried in duck fat. It was better than it sounds. My dining partner had seared tuna and it was equally good accompanied by steamed vegies. For desert we tried the incredible chocolate with salted caramel, actually a hard mousse (fudge) and so rich the tiny portion served its purpose just right. The service was even, helpful and there when needed. It was not particularly busy that evening so the background music didn't drown out our conversation. We recommend Boris Bistro for a pleasant dining experience.
