2	Eh... Not enough bartenders for the grand opening. Little different layout than the previous Amsterdam... Maybe with time it will get better.. So many lights it's really bright in here as well... Drinks were good!
4	Went on a Sunday after eating dinner at Bliss Rebar. I really like the remodeling that has been done, it has a fun vibe. There a separate areas that will be perfect to fit any mood your in. A nice outdoor space if you don't want to dance but just relax. Inside is bright and funky with jammin music and great open space to dance. Loved the addition of corn hole for a little friendly competition. I'm not sure if they were just for opening weekend or if they will stay, but I hope the latter. Will definitely spread the word that it is an awesome new feel!
5	If I want to go dancing, this is where I am going. They have awesome light-up walls and little dance platforms...also, 2 dollar Smirnoff drinks on Sundays!?! DOWN. We came in pretty early, so there werent many people, but still a good place to sit, chat and even play some cornhole if youre feeling competitive. The bartenders are very nice, service is fast and the drinks are strong. They have a great musical selection and music playing on outdoor patio as well. They have little booths and smoking sections... bomb! I only stopped here for a drink, but will definitely be coming back.
5	Love love love this place. Great place to dance. Love the platforms. I want to see a dance off between the two one night.  The patio is a great place to chill whether you are chilling on the couches or at a table on the bar stools. Best feature of this bar is the charging stations on the patio. The bartenders are amazing, especially Haley and Andrew
1	Amsterdam but not as cool. Hate when a place tries desperately to be something it's not. I've went twice and the bartenders are rude and unfriendly. It's not the price of the drinks that's unattractive. It's that they're overpriced! The price for what you get isn't worth it.
5	I love this place!  Great music selection, amazing dance floor, tons of drink specials, and one of the coolest patios in all of Phoenix.  I have been going since the Grand Opening, and a lot of the earlier issues have been ironed out.  Thursday nights Drag Show is one of the funniest I have ever seen, and the weekends are always out of control.  I have yet to go to Sunday Funday, but the pictures make me really want to get out there (may have to chalk up an early Monday work start).  I highly recommend!!!
5	I absolutely LOVE The Bar on Central!!! The music is awesome. Dancing, Drinks, Fun People!!! Just an overall GREAT place to hang out!!!!!
5	Get a martini. They're amazing!!
5	Although the pop art theme seems to lose a little In the translation, you can generally find a friend or fbuddy (the choice is your) in the crowd of twenty something's Nog
3	Needs a better draft beer selection. I was there on a busy night (private party), and the bartender was having a tough time keeping up with orders. I finally ordered a bottle of beer and then held on to that one until it was time to leave. As a past bartender myself, I saw absolute chaos behind the bar - not very prepared for the volume they sold that night. But otherwise a neat place with excellent potential.
