5	This Chinese serves the best crispy chilli beef in the whole world! As a huge fan or crispy chill beef I have tried it everywhere and Lee On wins.For those of you who want more than just crispy beef they do serve other things too. All the usual suspects are on the menu, I can vouch for the won tons and the beef in black bean sauce all being really good.If you are a fan of ordering online and food arriving at your door and hour later this isn't for you. They don't do delivery but you can go and pick up from them, they are always on time and don't leave you hanging around if you ring ahead. The prices are good for the quality of food they serve. I have never eaten in so don't know what the waiter service is like but for a good Chinese takeaway I can definitely recommend Lee On.
1	After reading such positive reviews below, I decided to try the restaurant out on the first day of my trip to Edinburgh.I went there around 7 pm on a Wednesday, found myself the only customer at the restaurant even though it was a peak hour for dinner. Nevertheless, I ordered an appetizer and a entree and was waiting UNTIL I SAW A MOUSE STROLLING BY MY TABLE! I  freaked out and kindly asked the waiter to go check out behind the fire extinguishers in the corner as I saw the mouse hiding behind them. The waiter KEPT REFUSING to go check it out (he looked pretty scared) and kept saying that there were no mice in the premise. Eventually, he worked up enough courage to go check out the extinguishers, only to find a mouse hiding there in a "surprise"Not sure how great the food is (I'm sure it's very tasty because chinese food are very tasty) but I ended up walking away because I totally lost my appetite. I can understand that these kinds of things can happen due to the building being old, but still, I did not receive a single apology from the waiters, only to be greeted by 'hey it's only a small mice' by a young man working there. This level of service was totally astounding to me and, of course, I told all the people staying at my hostel to stay away from the place.
