4	I have to thank Church's Chicken for finding this restaurant.  I went to the plaza on 35th Ave., next to WalMart, in the mood for some fish and chips, which Church's just introduced.  As I got out of my car, I saw the banner for DJ's Fish and Chips, and thought, "why not try one of the local restaurants?"  I was pleased with my decision.As I walked in, I found myself in a sparse, spacious room with small tables with cushioned chairs around the place.  I was greeted by a woman with a big smile at the ordering counter.  The range of food is small, and might be considered BBQ: fried or grilled fish (reading the online reviews, I gather it's catfish), different kinds of BBQ, and a few sides, such as coleslaw, collard greens, fries, and mac n' cheese.  I went for the fried fish, fries, and coleslaw, paid, and waited for my order at my table to eat there.There is not much to look at on the walls--just one large TV kinda loud and a smaller TV with no sound on to keep you occupied, plus a stand for New Times--always a good standby.  There was a chess table in the corner with pieces on it which had a sign saying "Do not touch", and a few rough-hewn wooden boards with hand drawn or painted sports team logos on them.When my order finally came it was quite generous.  Several large pieces of fish, lightly breaded, were piled on top of each other, with the fries on the sides and bottom, and a slice of Texas bread cut in half at the bottom.  The fish really melted in my mouth: the breading was flavorful but not overdone, just a bit salty (but I've been cutting down on salt, so it may have seemed moreso to me).  The fish and the fries were not greasy at all.  The fries were nice and crispy.  The cole slaw was well-balanced, without too much mayo or sweetness--just right. The woman from the front checked with me a few times to see how everything was.  Service with a smile.  She told me they'd only been open since June of last year.Check them out at www.djsfishandchips.com and support your local business!   I know I will again!
3	My husband and I had been meaning to try this place since it opened a while back, but we only ever remembered when we saw it as we pulled up to get our take out from Li's Bowl next door lol. Finally the other day we managed to remember we wanted to try it. It was decent. We both got the fried fish with fries and mac and cheese. It was more expensive than I'd thought it would be, $10 for the entree without a soda. The servings were huge though so that made up for the price, personally I'd rather have had a bit less food at a cheaper price since it was far too much for either of us to finish. The fries were pretty tasty, the mac and cheese was very bland. The fish itself tasted good but they put too much seasoning on the outside and in their batter for my tastes. My husband thought the seasoning was pretty good. The tartar sauce tasted more like coleslaw to me, and I hate coleslaw!All in all I'd say it's worth a try.
5	First of all the portions are amazing. I had the Catfish Lunch special. It comes with 3 pieces of nice sized catfish, a heaping fries, white bread lightly toasted and all the condiments you need. The seasoning in the fries is great and the fish didnt taste "fishy" the way catfish can. It had a nice light coating on it as if it was not soaked in grease. I went ahead and ordered a small cole slaw and it seems homemade. Very fine and not too sweet or or drowned in mayonnaise.  My drink was Triple Berry KoolAid. Can't wait to try something else. I hope this place survives because it is hidden in South Phoenix.
3	I ordered the fish lunch special (see picture) with potato salad plus a side of Mac and cheese. Came with three PIECES of catfish fillets (looks like half cuts of one fillet). The fish tastes good enough, although I've had better in other places.  The potato salad had overdone pieces of hard boiled egg, which was weird and seemed unfresh.  The Mac and cheese was just ok and I can't tell what kind of pasta they used...not very identifiable.  I had high hopes for the taste and now I feel cheated. My $5 lunch special turned into $9.53 after adding a small side of Mac and cheese. I will come back only for the fish...the sides are mediocre.
1	Went today and they where closed
5	They are closed and no longer there.  Too bad as it was very good. The cat fish was the best!  Great food for a great price.
