4	Jimmy John's sandwiches are so good. I go to Subway all the time and they have nothing on JJ's. And yes they are ridicuously fast with your order. I actually drive almost 10 miles just to go get a sandwich from JJ's in Matthews. Give them a try and you won't be disappointed!
5	I went for the first time today and this place is really great. And I've been to a lot of restaurants in this area, since I have a job that gives me paid lunches. This is a good place if you want subs or clubs in a casual, clean environment. My food was ready as soon as my transaction went through and I was in the middle of getting my fountain drink. They're very quick about things. I've also checked out their website because you can order online for delivery, and I've got to say, any website that tells me the nutritional facts right there as soon as I choose an item...I give that restaurant a thumbs up. This place ROCKS. I plan to go again tomorrow, since they told me their tuna is awesome.
2	I just couldn't eat here. A friend and I decided to try it since it was in the area. We came in and were greeted with loud shouts from the staff. It was cute at first, but we realized as we were taking a good read of the menu that this exuberance was displayed as anyone left or entered. When it became quickly apparent that we would not be able to have a conversation, it became just too much for us, so we decided to go elsewhere. I would give just 1 star, but I have heard that the food is good from others, and since I didn't end up eating there, I'll give it the benefit of the doubt. If you want to hear yourself and your company when eating, I suggest getting takeout.
2	No thanks. Went in with family. I got the veggie. It was caked with mayo (like it was put on with a caulking gun). When I went back up to ask for a plastic knife to cut up a portion of my sandwich to share with my 1 year old I was ignored while the staff person talked on the phone in plain sight of me standing there like an idiot for like 3 minutes waiting to be acknowledged. When I finally was I was told they didn't have any such knives . . .hmmmm . . . for a place that advertises catering out the ying yang per the propaganda posted all over I find this hard to believe. To add insult to injury it's overpriced. Go to Jersey Mikes instead. Cost about the same but taste better and service is better.
5	Best subs you can get for a chain.  Fast & Delicious.
3	I went to Jimmy John's at the Galleria for the first time. As others have said, they are really quick. My order was ready by the time I finished paying for it. I got a roast beef sub and an Italian sub (with the optional 15 cent peppers). They were OK, but not great. Just your average sandwich on an average roll. I do recommend the peppers, though. They gave a little pop to the Italian sub. Still looking for a really good take-out sandwich shop in the Matthews area.
1	This review applies to all locations, this sub shop franchise should be sued for false advertising. I had to buy a few lunches at their Galleria location and this is my experience.1: The "home cooked" bread is not even close to resembling or tasting of French bread - or like Italian either. Wonder bread and mayo is what it tastes like, totally unacceptable in 2012 when you can buy a semi decent French baguette in any supermarket. 2: "No can toast the bread, sorry". Really?????? 3: There's nothing remotely gourmet about any of their ingredients, cold cuts, cheeses, salads, nothing. 4: False cheers are simply annoyingJust a few blocks North on Monroe is  "The Southern Gourmet" cafe. Now the sandwiches cost twice as much and the service is sloooooooow but the food is a gourmet treat.
2	If this review was solely from my fiance, he'd give it more than 5 stars if he could.Coming from someone who likes their food hot, I don't like Jimmy Johns anymore. We actually used to order it alot and I used to like it! There was one experience where we ordered delivery and they honestly come very very fast. but that one time, my fiance said he saw the guy running around the apt buildings because he couldn't find us. I mean honestly, it wasn't that hard to find us. And the wait was almost an hour long. It was ridiculous.The last time I've eaten here was probably in 2011. I was sick that week, and the sandwich just didn't taste good at all. I cannot stand cold sandwiches, and it's pretty dumb they don't offer hot as an option. Their menu also doesn't have alot of choices if you're kind of a picky eater. I surely won't order from them again.
4	Love their subs.
1	Bummed .  When I worked beside a jimmy johns I ordered at least 3x a week.  I'm a fan of the turkey tom!  When I moved to stonehaven I was siked there was a jimmy johns right up the road.  I would prefer a sub to pizza or Chinese any day.  Unfortunately, they won't deliver to me because I'm to far. I live 1.2 miles away!!  They lost a lot of business by not delivering to Stonehaven.
