3	The hubs and I moved into this neighborhood a few months ago. A couple weeks ago we decided to try out Spuds. They have some great beers on tap and good prices to boot! We were way stocked to see they had hush puppies on the menu! I ordered the patty melt and the hubs ordered some monstrosity of a burger that looked like they put almost a whole package of bacon on top of it! They came out fast and looked picture perfect, BUT the meat was a little dry/poor quality. Im going to have to go back again and try another burger...if they upped the quality of the meat this place would be in the running with the original wineburger, as everything else was amazing!
3	A great little sports bar with cheap drinks and a very nice patio. Free pool although the tables are a bit beat up but playable. The food is ok but stay away from the big game day specials... there is a reason the hot dog is 75 cents.Spuds used to have more entertainment such as Big Buck Hunter and arcade bowling. Sadly all there is now is Golden Tee.I would give Spuds a four because I like small sports bars, have been a patron for years and the staff is very good but with the recent loss of the arcade entertainment and the fact that if you want to hear something other than yourself you have to put $$$ in the juke box it gets knocked down one.
4	Spud's put Big Buck Hunter back in so I am upgrading them to a four. Now my only issue is the cost of music. It's bad enough to have to pay for the music but having to pay to hear the same songs over and over is terrible. At least if I have to pay to not stand in silence add new songs to the juke box and no I do not want to pay 3x as much to play a song that I have to use the internet search option for. I am still a fan that is my only gripe.
4	Awesome little sports bar that offers excellent prices on drinks/food,  televisions on every wall, free pool, video games/darts, and has a great outdoor patio.  The management & staff are fun and friendly as well.  The downside is that the bar is slow most nights and the juke box could definitely use an upgrade.  It gets a bit old hearing the same songs over and over.   Management has made an effort to increase the patronage with the addition of Event Poker nights, however, it should consider other events to draw customers on nights that remain slow (i.e. live music, tournaments, shot/drink specials, etc).
3	okay for a stop with the guys for a beer. I would not take my girlfriend there as the bartenders would not impress a date.  smoking patio is good.  tvs good. Not my favorite for food.
3	I live in the neighborhood and Spuds has lots of screens so it's good for football. I've stopped in here a few times and the bartenders and waitresses are always friendly. Not sure about the food, my buddy had a burger which he said was pretty good. I had a few onion rings which were good.
4	When the cook cuts fresh, whole potatoes right in front of you for the fries then fries fresh bacon, not pre-cooked for the burger it got my attention. Then, fresh, not frozen burger patty (looked like 1/2 lb.) on the broiler makes it a place you want to have a burger. Lots of tv's and reasonable drink prices. Where else do ya wanna go?
2	I used to go here all the time -then they decide to change the menu and take off almost ALL  of my favorite things. WTH!!! very disappointing. but the food they still serve is ok. and drinks are cheap.
