3	I was hungry from lack of food in the morning and tired from the incredible traffic of the strip before entering the mall.  Mall food courts usually suck for vegetarians; so in my head, I could only think about all the disastrous food I would have to suffer with at the Fashion Mall considering that I've been to that food court quite a few times already.  But upon entering the third floor, I see the word GREEK, and I knew right then and there that there would be falafels to my rescue. Now that's love.Anyway, my falafel wrap cost me somewhere between $5 and $6 dollars. I can't really remember.  All i know is that the wrap was delicious and filling.  Aside from the claustrophobia feeling I get from the food court at this mall, I couldn't have been happier with my plate.
4	I love greek food so after a heavy night of drinking, a GYRO was the only thing on my mind. I went to the Fashion Show Mall with my boyfriend and headed straight for the food court and thought I died and went to heaven because there it was, a gyro spot! I briskly walk over and order my gyro, and it came out within 3 minutes! I also love eating my gyros with really spicy hot sauce and they had an awesome hot sauce there!! It was expensive, I think 8 or 9 bucks, which is the average when you're in Vegas so I'm not complaining. The night before I spent 15 bucks for a meal I did not enjoy at all so 9 was wonderful. They don't accept credit cards though, thank goodness I had cash otherwise I would have been a super unhappy camper. It's 2010, come on! Credit cards should be widely accepted, especially in Vegas! But other than that, tasty food.
4	I'd be remiss if I let my trip to Vegas end without a shout-out to this stand in the Fashion Mall Food Court.I stopped by my last afternoon in town, looking for a quick bite that wasn't going to cost me the earth.  I ordered their gyro, which was sliced off the spit and grilled - not those horrible pre-made slices.  The sandwich was perfectly fine, with a decent tzatziki sauce, onions and tomatoes, and a nicely griddled pita.  My platter came with a passable Greek salad and some boring rice.  For a mall food court, this would have been enough to please.However, when I mentioned how glad I was to see a family food stand selling real Greek food in a mall food court, the woman behind the register smiled, and offered me a container of lemon-egg soup (avgolemono), gratis.  Boy, am I glad I took her up on it.Best.  Avgolemono.  Ever.I'll admit that my opinion might be colored by surprise.  I never would have expected such a flavorful, delicious soup to come out of a mall.  I snarfed every last bit, and nearly scraped through the styrofoam bowl, getting every drop.Believe it or not, that soup was the food highlight of my stay in Vegas.  I spent easily  ten times more for meals at some of the five-star restaurants in town, and this one meal put them all to shame.
4	Went here on a whim after walking what felt like a million miles down the strip. I was in one of my very picky "I want something different" moods and Greek Island was the the most exotic dining option available. I was a little wary of food court Greek but I wasn't about to eat a burger or chicken nuggets so I ordered a Gyro and some fries. I wasn't expecting too much but the Gyro was pretty damn good! The meat was flavorful, the tzatziki sauce was great, the pita was warm and soft. Even the fries were good, My brother didn't want to try it but once I convinced him to take a bite he abandoned his Panda Express *SMH* and I had to go order another one. Next time I'm in Fashion Show I'm definitely hitting this place up.
4	I wanted a lighter lunch (nothing too heavy or super fried) so I opted for Greek Island Cafe.  The gentleman at the register was very pleasant and I tried the gyro combo (comes with fries and a drink). Food came out quick and was super tasty!! Stop by if you want something different than chain fast food places.  PS.  Cash only
3	$11 for a chicken kabob plate, holy smokes! That's Vegas for you even at a food court. We had just flown in and arrived to Vegas and I didn't feel like eating greasy junk so I found this place. The plate came with one chicken kabob, rice, salad, and of course your pita. Aside from the price the food was pretty decent. The chicken was tender and flavorful. Pita was a little hard and the salad had one too many pieces of chunky cheese.TIP-Get your drink next door at the chicken place, it's a dollar cheaper for the same size!
3	Service- polite n quickTaste- goodValue for money- average, it's priced at las Vegas standards I guess!Quantity - good, portions not really share-able unless you ain't too hungryStuff I tried and liked: falafel wrap, Greek fries, Shwrm. chicken pita wrap. I have not  tried but a friend tells me the gyros were good, too. Disliked: spinach pie!! Too bitter compared to how it usually is, not crispy, served with plain rice and $11 a plate- Avoid!
4	We were in the Fashion Show Mall replacing my Wife's lost glasses. We were hungry and had an hour to kill so off to the food court we go. We decided to eat someplace we can't get back home. As we don't have any Greek restaurants outside of gyro places back home, we thought we would try this place out and we were not disappointed. I love trying new things, and we were not familiar with most of the items on their menu. The man at the counter was very nice and patiently answered our questions as to what were the different items on the menu. He went into detail describing them. I ended up ordering the Dolmathes(sp?) which was meat and rice wrapped in grape leaves. It was very delicious. It tasted fantastic! I ended up sharing half of them with my wife. She ordered a dish that I can't remember the name of it, but it was like a potato lasagna dish. It was okay; kind of bland... we definitely liked the Dolmathes better. There is a good portion of rice pilaf and a Greek salad that came with each.  Overall it was a good experience and the food was delicious, especially for mall food. I'm hoping to find a place that serves Greek food back home just so I can get some more of the Dolmathes.
1	Worst greek food I've ever had.  It was expensive, the meat was overcooked, and the pita was stale.
4	Very nice staff. Ordered the daily special of LAMB SHANK plate. Quite delicious and quite a steal at 12$ a plate. Came with GREEK SALAD and WHITE RICE. The subtle flavors and spices in the lamb were amazing. The meat was fall off the bone tender! Highly recommended.
4	For being in a good ole mall food court (with typical mall offerings such as Nathan's, Hot Dog on a Stick, Panda Express, and Sbarro), this place is actually really quite good.  For all you veggies out there - the falafel wrap is fresh, filling and delicious. The falafel is only lightly fried and the pita is not heavy either - so don't expect a food coma per se.  Side of tzatziki sauce is included (75 cents for extra sauce).  They also offer a veggie wrap with eggplant and zucchini.  Try the Greek style fries with your wrap (fries + feta + Greek spices).  A combo meal with drink and fries upgrade was about $13.  Not too shabby considering it's still Vegas.
4	We'd been eating at expensive restaurants all week when we ran into this little gem while shopping at the mall. It's not the Estiatorio Milos but it's the healthiest choice in the Fashion Show mall. We both had wonderful salads and then went back again last night for take-out. Everything else in the area is either fatty burgers and hot dogs or sugar laden Chinese food. Thank goodness for the Greeks!
3	Perfectly adequate food-court Greek food. The gyros were decent, though nothing I'd rush back for and the fries were pretty good. The tzatziki was a little bland and I needn't have ordered extras (75c ea.) as the gyros were adequately sauced.The lady behind the counter gave us some great ideas on other things to see in Vegas, though. I don't know if it has changed or what, but this place is NOT cash only; they take credit and debit cards.
4	I stayed at the Encore a month ago and ate here twice and back again today shopping at the mall and had to get the Gyro!  It's a tasty lunch for $7 and with a soda about $10.  There is usually a nice lady working here or a gentleman who look Greek so they are probably the owners. Today he offered me a sample of the chicken & rice lemon soup and after you get over the zesty lemon taste it is quite delicious and helped my cold esp on a chilly day.  Will definitely be coming back on my return trips to Vegas.  It's nice to have an affordable meal outside of the hotels where you can easily spend $20-$40 on lunch.
3	I am reasonably confident that this is one of the better offerings in the Fashion Show Mall Food Court. The gyro meat, onions, tomato, tzatziki, and pita were a little heavier than I've had elsewhere (had to use knife and fork, no way to pick this brick up), but all very tasty and a nice palate cleanser between Vegas mega-eating.
4	I stopped here for lunch and had a gyro.  It was very tasty and the meat was tender and juicy. I have definitely had better tasting taziki (sp) though. I have also never had a gyro without lettuce but this was good.Quick service, a bit high on the prices imo, but this is Vegas.I would definitely come back.
5	I love the Gyro!!! "Yummy" and the Ovo Lemon Soup was the best I ever had.
5	Whenever we travel to Vegas the first thing we do is drop our bags and head straight for the Greek Island! (ok, this is a little embarrassing) The Gyro's are the best we have ever had.  Their food is authentic, the tzasiki is very good, The owner (Resa) is very nice, The prices are a little high by comparison (other mall food) but far better quality. The Avgolemono soup (lemon chicken) is to DIE FOR!WELL WORTH THE TRIP8/8/13 update.  I am VERY sad to say this place has closed!  I was in Las Vegas today and the store is boarded up,  I tried to find another greek place and it was ok at best,  I am very sad...
