5	This is a great read!  Some magazines have lots of 1-2 paragraph articles framed around big pictures.  This is not one of those!  Expect full page, well written articles by folks who certainly seem to know what they are talking about.  I've only gotten 2 editions since finding them, but I've been pleasantly surprised in both.  Little bit of "where we were" with lots of "where we are and where we're going".  Great tips and general advise on gardening and fresh food trends.  I already have a few places they recommended that I can't wait to try.  I always say you can tell a lot about a magazine by it's advertisers.  There are some great ones here.  Lots of fun businesses that I hadn't seen advertised in many other places.  And I'll say - I'm happy that they're keeping it simple in black and white vs. trying to make the advertisers pay more for glossy paper and a 5 color edition.  This looks much more refined - and it helps to keep the advertising costs down for small businesses.  Not to mention that whole better for the earth thing.  I heartily recommend this as a great pick up.  Read it while you lunch, while lounging on the sofa or keep it in the bathroom for some sophisticated "personal office" reading.
5	I picked up a copy of this magazine and found it really nice and informative.  The layout was great and the photos were beautiful.I enjoy supporting local farms and business and this magazine was very helpful.
4	What Kristen and Shannon said...AND...my favorite-est part:The "what's in season" pages which I tear our and which have a permanent home on my fridge.If you love to cook and/or eat seasonally, or garden, Edible Phoenix is a must-have for that alone.  Edible (*Insert your town here*) magazines are great.  I've sought them out all over the country when I've lived elsewhere, and Phoenix's isn't the best, content-wise (sometimes surprisingly sparse), but it's still great.I pick up my copies either at Jam in Scottsdale or Essence Bakery in Tempe.  Here's a link to the other locations for pickup: http://ediblephoenix.com/subscribe/find-a-copy/get-a-copy-of-the-magazine/Also, their website is sooooooooooo slow BTW, almost brings me back to my 14.4 modem AOL days.
