4	What comes to mind when you think about scrapbooking?  Aunt Bea, right?  Well, honey, I had no idea.  My little sister is a scrapbooking maven and I couldn't believe how cool a project of hers that she presented to my mom on Christmas day was.  It was a beautiful tribute to my mom for being....well, a great mom.  It had photos of our family and photos of my mom (when she was a spring chicken) in hot pants and it wasn't the least bit foofy or cheesy.  It was really classy!  Sure scrapbooks can be bunnies and puppies and flowers and pink brik-a-brak and ice cream socials, but little sis makes scrapbooking rock!  So one day, little sis takes me to Hobby Lobby to show me where she gets all this cool stuff.  And well, Hobby Lobby is no lobby.  It is a craft superstore!  I couldn't believe the selection and the prices were a fraction of what I'm used to seeing at Michaels.  I could easily see how that scrapbooking stuff - or any hobby/craft - can add up, but Hobby Lobby is definitely the place where you get more bang for the buck.  Not saying I'm going to be joining Aunt Bea's scrapbooking group any time soon, but if I did, Hobby Lobby would be my first stop.
5	MY FAVORITE PLACE IN THE WHOLE WORLD!! LOL! Being the crafter that I am, I frequent Hobby Lobby weekly.  I find everything that I need and more and always receive coupons attached to my receipt just about every time that I check out.  I could literally spend hours in this store! :o)
4	I love Hobby Lobby, it's got great stuff.  Also tons of different stuff, I'm a scrapbooker so I love the large selection they have.  The customer service left something to be desired.  I couldn't even get a your welcome when I said thank you at the check out.  I will be back though I can't resist all the great stuff they have!
2	I spent the months before my wedding bouncing between Hobby Lobby, Michael's and JoAnn Fabrics searching out supplies for my DIY projects. Hobby Lobby was usually my first go-to because it is closest to my house. Yes, their selection is huge, but often lacking in the items I wanted. The rubber stamps, ink and envelope options were skimpy. Closed on Sundays, which is very inconvenient. Corporate says it's so employees can have family time, which is a crock - it's nothing more than a cost-saving measure. I prefer Michael's.
4	I love love love love love Hobby Lobby! (Did I say I love it? Cuz, I LOVE it.) It's clean, it's HUGE and the staff are very friendly and totally unlike the grouchy bitter old ladies that work at Michael's.
5	I thought this location was great. I went there last night to buy some fabric for some crib bedding I'm making for the new arrival and they had a great selection of fabrics. Great sales on them too. Most fabircs were 30% or so off. Place is very easy to find items too.
4	I have spent a pretty penny in this store, but not because they are expensive! They really need to add "& Home Decor" to their name because they have much more than hobby supplies. Half of my home decor has been bought at Hobby Lobby. No joke.Pros: Christian basedNice music playing in store40% off coupon on webpageEverything goes on sale. If you want something and it's not 50% off, wait 1-2 weeks and go back. Seriously.Wide variety of productsIf you're in the market for Halloween decor/craft supplies in June, they have it and probably at 50% off.Thanksgiving decor is already 50% off in September.You can buy your Christmas tree and decor in July. The pro of this is that you can buy it at 50%-75% off in November & December.Cons: Closed on Sundays, but it's so their employees can go to worship services.Close at 8:00 pmNo bar codes. The cashier manually enters prices and sale prices. Watch carefully, especially if you get a lazy teenager as a cashier.
4	I love this store and they are never lacking for cool things to buy and try!  My kids LOVE going in here and finding new things to learn how to make!!  There is a little lacking in a few of the employees but the others totally make up for it.  Well worth the dollar.  :-)
5	I was visiting my sister in Albuquerque when she took me to hobby lobby for picture frames. when I walked in I loved everything I saw instantly!! I got a few items and a business card. when I got home yesterday I went to their website and found out there's a location 3 miles from my house!!! I just had to go and sure enough everything I seen from the other store!! I LOVE this store!!!! best selection of everything!!
5	Oh my gosh! This is like a Costco for the hobbiest/decorator/crafter/etc. in you! This was my first visit and I should have brought a chair for break times. I spent several hours in the store looking at hobbies I've not thought of before. I'll be returning tomorrow to select some picture frames as they had a great selection of pre-made and they can also custom make frames as well.
4	OMG!  I did not absorb all they offered there or I would have short circuited, LOL!  I went straight in for look for decorated fabric for a headboard.  My head was spinning as I was walking through picture frames, xmas things, crafts, shirts, etc.  Then finally fabric.  I need to come back on a week day night (less people) to scope out the entire place.  I can't imagine not finding anything you need for your crafty projects here.
4	It's a great store...the only gripe is that the lines are always super long and there is sometimes only one register open. Now for the good schtuff...I appreciate the fact that there are always 50% off sales.  Whether it is wall art, glassware, fabric or other decor themes!Being a teacher, I am always on the look out for good deals for craft ideas to do in my classroom.  Considering I pay out of pocket for these things...it's great to have a place to go that has good deals.  Suggestion:  follow suit with other craft stores and offer an educator discount!  Any little bit helps!
4	This place is large.  It is like a Micheal's craft store mixed with a Kirklands.  If you need pictures framed, buy print art, decorate your home with nick knacks, they even have some furniture.  They also have craft stuff such as model airplanes, paints, glues, etc.  If you need to decorate your home or feel like being crafty go here. Seriously a huge store full of ideas for your next project.  Creative, crafty people must go.
5	I've been here a few times and have been able to find what I'm looking for each time.  Friendly staff.  I'll probably write another review based on my framing experience but this is a huge store.  You can probably find anything crafty here!
3	I always find it fascinating that Christian based stores tend to be the least friendly, least customer service oriented, and least...well Christian of retail stores.HL has a fantastic selection of all things crafts, home decor, and even furniture. It's laid out nicely and not jam packed in like at Michaels where you can barely get a cart down the aisles. I have always found exactly what i need plus a few additional ideas whenever I've gone to HL. They have lots of great sales too making it not such a pinch on the pocketbook. But if you are looking for guidance, help, or even just basic customer service, take a deep breath and pause because you're not too likely to get it here at this store.
4	Nice store and nice staff. They always have seasonal decorations which is great. Things can be hard to find sometimes since there is so much stuff, but the staff is always there to help.
5	My daughter decribes Hobby Lobby as "Michael's on crack."  She's right.HL should not be missed when visiting Phoenix. It delights the eyes, ears, thought processes of anyone even marginally creative. Christmastime, it's even more fun.
5	I love Hobby Lobby !  Whatever it is I'm looking for in the crafts, home and more, department, it's always here.  Great prices, helpful staff, all the good stuff !
5	I was not sure what to expect when walking into a Hobby Lobby for the first time. Boy, was I pleasantly surprised! This place is Craft/DIY/Pinterest heaven! Kind of like a Micheal's meets Home Goods meets Hell Yeah (even though the Christians ran joint might not like that reference too much)! If you see something on Pinterest and need to find the materials/tools/etc. necessary to do the job, most likely you will find them here! The odds are forever in your favor. If you are looking to spruce up that living room or your man cave, you will even find decor items to help. I could easily spend a week and thousands of $$$ here....and I'm sure you could to. Leave the credit card at home!
1	By far, the WORST of all the Hobby Lobby locations in valley!! I have been to six other locations besides this who all have supurb customer service with knowledgable staff and competent managers. Glad I am only visiting this side of town.
1	Hey manager, if you are listening... your store has a problem. I don't know if it is the employees or the manager of the employees, but the last few times I've been in this store it has taken an absurd amount of time to find an employee to help. Case in point, the spray paint case. It's locked. The logical way to handle a locked case would be to have an employee stationed near it always in order to avoid losing business or pissing off customers (oops, too late). Even when I tracked down an employee (on the other side of the store, mind you) their calls over the loud speaker went unanswered. I went up to what seemed to be a manager type person and he wasn't very nice (he wasn't mean directly towards me, but having him make a call seemed to annoy him). Sorry guy. I guess managing from a stationary spot in the front of the store isn't very effective. Try walking.I walked 500 miles. I won't walk 500 more. That's how long it took to find a non-cashier employee to help. It is pretty pathetic when a group of people find each other all looking for help and none of us can find any.Oh, and your prices are ridiculous. I like how you mark everything up just to mark it back down and pretend like there is a sale every day of the week. Unfortunately, this rant is above your store and applies to ALL Hobby Lobby's so I digress.Also, I completely agree with the other comments about you being Christian based and also being the least customer service oriented store I've ever been to.
5	This store has everything you need for crafts!!! Great merchandise. Lots of fantastic ideas:))) I love this store!
