4	Yay!! A Starbucks within reasonable walking distance to the office! This one is much nicer than the older one over on Adams. This Starbucks location is updated, bright and airy, and has some cool folks working in here. There's outside seating, and it's on the edge of a nice park with water works and even more outside seating.  The seating is a bit crowded, and they don't have the green stoppers out where we can grab one -- you have to ask the barista for one.  Either way, this location is great for a hot or cold drink, especially if you need a break from work or if you're walking around enjoying the nearby shopping.  This Starbucks is on the SEC of Washington St and First Avenue.  From the street, it could be easy to miss; however, if you're walking, it's beside Jimmy John's and across from Chipotle.
5	Next to the light rail station! Great customer service and theres outlets under the table hidden so cool!
4	Great Starbucks with enough chairs for the large volume of patrons.
4	While in town for a meeting, I took the light rail down town to check out the scene. I stopped by this Starbucks bordering a bustling plaza.Pros: Super friendly staff - interested in what brought me to town, but not in a creepy way. Also, ample seating - outdoors on the plaza, and plentiful seating inside, including large community tables and smaller standard tables.I would definitely come here to get work done, hang out with friends or just people watch.
2	I placed my order and got what I wanted.  That's fine.  But why was I bothered by the Barney Fife rent-a-cop?  He had the nerve to keep coming past me and after he asked a bunch of dumb questions.  Oh Maybe It's Because I Look A Certain Way...
5	Never thought I'd write a review about a Starbucks, but this one is worthy of a review.I work doing a job I don't like.  I get to work early...like before-God-wakes-up early.I'm usually not in a good mood during my first few minutes there.But every morning, a couple co-workers and I make a trip to this Starbucks.  Its like 5 minutes away walking (it used to be on Adams and we went there, too).Its always nice coming here.  There are 3 staff members that I know by name now (Jason, Johnny, and Brittney (SP)).  These guys are great.  Friendly, talkative, easy going, and down to earth.  I've gone to some starbucks and felt like I was really doing something wrong by coming in and ordering a beverage.  This location is so not that way.  Even when they get busy - they stay at the same coolness level.Another thing that I really love here is the way they just hook a brother up - suggesting awesome drinks that I would never have thought to put together.  I've had some crazy delicious frappes thanks to these guys.  And before them, I never knew what a Black Eye was!  A lot of times I'll just say "make me something good", and they hook it up.Besides the early morning crew, I've also had good experiences in the afternoon when its pretty darn busy.  Don't know any of their names though.This place is such a requirement for my work day.  I need it.  Honestly.  Its not just the caffeine (I actually get decaf anyway)...its not just the familiarity of having a warm beverage in the morning.  Its coming here and seeing familiar faces and chewing the fat about the NBA, and having that personal touch, and stuff (and the cute cashier with a great smile that i don't know her name...).  These folks are great here.I don't know enough about what is good coffee and what is not to rate the coffee.  I mean, I drink the decaf with white chocolate and cinnamon dolce just about every morning...and I think it tastes good.  So yeah, I can't say their coffee or frappes are better or worse than anywhere else.
5	This Starbucks location is one of my favorites in Phoenix. The size of it is suitable for fairly large crowds - Comic Con was in town, and they had plenty of room for everyone that came. The baristas are super friendly and do their job very well - very professional. I spent a couple of hours there in between my meals and walk around the city. The drink I ordered was spot-on. The men's restroom was very clean (not sure about the women's... ha). There are plenty of outlets to plug in your electronic devices. Would I recommend this Starbucks location to others? Absolutely. Will I be back? Most definitely.
5	Starbucks you are the wind beneath my wings.  I come here A LOT.  All the baristas are very helpful and kind.  This place has saved me numerous times from a stressful or sleepy day.  Long live the Americano.
5	What can I say....I love Starbucks!   This location had a very large in door seating area. It is also located in a great little square of shops, attractions and even fountains!  What more could you want :)
4	Convenient location in Cityscape, friendly staff and consistent service and quality of drinks!
4	A good representation of "the Starbucks experience" with an air of sophistication, reasonable simulation of hardwood floors, free Wi-Fi, courteous, competent staff, expensive coffee, and the infamous PSL: Pumpkin Spice Latte, which Lord help me, at 300 calories for a small ("Tall" in Starbucks parlance), I love.  There are also some healthy food and snack box options, as well as some excellent if more-sweet/less healthy cakes and cookies, and all that I've tried have been quite good, quite consistent with the level of quality expected.The cool, comfortable atmosphere is an inviting, consistent pleasure.  Inside and out, this SB  offers a great the view of the CityScape Plaza  for some great people watching, though the polite but persistent panhandling can be discouraging to sitting outside.  SB coffees are frequently too strong as well as too expensive for me to partake of on a regular basis, but I respect that they do provide health insurance benefits to their employees. To repeat, a good representation of the positive aspects of the Starbucks experience.
5	This location is one of my favorites, and while I have two others that are a little closer to my office, I make the effort to walk to this location.  The staff is amazingly friendly.  Also, they can really move customers through so that even with a long line you aren't stuck waiting for too long.  What makes this even better is that you still get that personal connection and friendliness that you hope for when you walk into a Starbucks.
4	Always polite at this Starbucks. They are not that quick but that's because there are just so many people coming through this place. Totally strange mix of people here too with lawyers in suits to homeless people.
2	Baristas here are more interested in talking to each other than making an iced tea. 8 minutes? Really?
5	So happy I came here on a hot AZ day.  It's pretty hard to find if you are not familiar with the area.  Lots to eat near by so it's a convenient place to get your coffee or Iced beverage on.  I got my usual- Green tea, w/soy latte.  I sometimes get the frap and it ALWAYS tastes so refreshing!  I want one now!!!  The ladies here are very friendly and work quick.  No complaints here.I am sure I will be back very soon.
4	Friendly & quick service. While attending Volleyball Festival Tournament the Starbucks at Phx Convention Center had a huge line! We walked a short two blocks & found this one! Nice shades seats outside. Most importantly my drink is delicious!
3	Trying to stay cool on a hot PHX summer day calls for a trenta black tea with a splash of passion!!! It's my favorite concoction and the cashiers are super friendly and baristas know how to make the best iced teas!#drinkup
2	Employees here are great, location is great.Don't pick the white marble table in the corner(on the right when you walk in) it's broken and wobbles a lot.Internet speed is horrible, speedtest.net got 1mbps/0.32 mpbs
