4	While strolling through Jean Talon on a spectacular sunny day, we decided to stop and try this cute little oyster counter we saw the other day, located on the north-eastern s corner of the market.  It's a simple bar, with a couple of guys shucking oysters, we did not want to do full on so we just tried a quicky of 8 x 1$ special of the day oysters.  They are served on ice in a cute little box, all the fixins like hot sauce, malt vinegar, and of course lemon are available and it is very friendly.  In the short time we were there we saw many regulars show up and chat it up with the staff, you can tell they get lots of repeats and so they should.  The hubby asked if this was a byob, and sure enough they said yes! So if your in the hood, and want to try something different then your all set.  Eating oysters in the market, can beat it.  They have a good size selection and the prices seemed more than fair, I do believe they sell to go so it's a great way to sample before you buy.
5	Really delicious, great selection and fantastic service. Oysters are served shucked in a little wooden box full of ice. A delightful little stop at the Jean Talon Market. Super fresh oysters and affordable at an average cost of $2 - $2.50 per oyster.
4	Top notch oysters and friendly service. They turn a blind eye to brown bagged beers nd wines as well ;-) SHHhhhhhhhhhh...
5	Discovering this place was such a sweet surprise. Amazing quality of the oysters one would expect to find in expensive restaurants and this is just a stand at Jean Talon market. We had some oysters from the Maritimes recommended by the friendly staff, real treat.
5	This place would be an easy 4-star review, but because they let you bring a bottle of wine (from the SAQ just a few meters down the road), I had to make it 5. Let all other business owners on Yelp take note: Booze = Stars. The more you have, the betterThey have a great selection of oysters. From huge ones from the NE United States, to small (but tasty!) Japanese ones. You can easily get a selection by the dozen, and it's by far the best way to try out what's on offer.We had grabbed a bottle of white wine down the road, and we were able to sit at the bar and drink it with the oysters. When it comes to oysters, that's all I really need to have with them.It isn't cheap, but we're talking oysters here. For what they're serving, the prices are very reasonable.
4	A great way to start your morning at the Jean Talon Market.  They're just at the entrance as you walk you.  Sit down on a small counter, pick out your oysters, have them shuck it, and serve it on a small box.  Go early before it gets too busy.
5	Oysters of many varieties, shucked before your eyes, and presented in an adorable wooden box. They have both sweet or saltier ones, I like both so I had 2 sweet and 1 salty, while my companion had 3 salty ones. We agreed that all were delicious and perfectly fresh. On the side is some grated horseradish and lemon slices. You can also add tabasco sauce or malt vinegar. What else could you want? A nice snack, and great to enjoy with a bottle of cider purchased in the next stall.
4	Good service, very friendly staff. Oysters are delicious. I'd give a 5 star of they had more sauces or garnishing given other than lemon and tobasco sauce. But it's very yummy nonetheless!
5	This place is freaking amaaaaazing: oysters of all shapes, sizes and saltiness from east to west coasts. Your bounty is served up in a cute wooden box all shucked and pretty for you. The conversations and the people that you meet at the counter are always top notch and best of all? It's BYOB...nothing goes better with oysters than a nice white wine or a delicious bottle of champagne (the SAQ is literally 15 steps away, so you have absolutely NO excuse!) My only complaint is that the market hours aren't longer in the summer, so I cannot make this my dinner spot as the market closes at 18H on some week days: Boooo!***UPDATE: we wanted to have my birthday dinner here but the market closes at 6pm. The owner had some oysters put aside for me as a consolation...umm hello, best business ever! I am your most loyal fan La Boite aux Huitres! Bisous
5	I'm back and this oyster stand is still so wonderful as the last time I visited. Actually this is the first time I'm in Jean Talon market and didn't even bother strolling around, being at La Boite aux Huitres turned to be completely satisfying experience.I'm not sure if the place has grown more popular or it was just a busy day, oyster hungry customers kept coming. At first we were a little bit deceived by the small chaos surrounding the stand (one can call it bar as you actually can sit around it), but once the bottle of white crispy wine was in front of us and oysters ordered everything was perfect. No need to go to SAQ anymore, there is a stand of local Quebec winery just next to La Boite, they will supply bottle of wine or cider with their tasting glasses making the experience classy. We had a dozen of oysters for 30 dollars, good deal for the quality and another six, including the gigantic ones from my picture that were buttery and you have no choice but eat them in two bites. People were having good time around and we did too .... number 99 never appeared to claim his oysters, regardless of the persistent calls of the personnel, I hope somebody else ate them.....So where would you like to be on a hot summer day in Montreal? For sure at La Boite aux Huitres slurping Canadian oysters and drinking Quebec wine!
3	Stopped by while roaming the aisles of Marche Jean-Talon and couldn't resist trying some fresh shucked oysters from PEI (Prince Edward Island) and other local farms.Ordered a half dozen, shuckers choice, and they shuck them right in front, pack it on ice and mignionette and other condiments are in bottles on the counter. I'm giving 3-stars because they weren't as organized and somehow our order got lost between the cashier and the shucker so they skipped over us and then started bickering between themselves about why it's so disorganized.The oysters themselves were super fresh and cold and I wish I could have had a few dozen more.
5	Blackberry os my favorite oyster here!
5	Honestly, I've tried oysters in restaurants before and I've never been a fan as I thought they were slimy, icky and had no taste.  I know they are supposed to pair well with wine but I am not a huge drinker.Anyways, once I saw this place at Jean-Talon and tasted a couple, I fell in love.  This place had at least 50 different types that were from the US, Canada or overseas.  I think I had a total of 9 oysters and each one had a distinct flavour.  Regardless, they were all delicious and the people were really nice.  Shucked on the spot for you.If you go to Jean-Talon in Montreal, this little oyster stop is a must.  I will be back here next time I'm in Montreal.
