5	I'm not 100% sure this place is still in business... it's quite possible it isn't anymore. I know that I've been eating Pizza made by this family for like 25 years and I love it. It's literally the best pizza I've ever eaten. I know they have a location in Carefree - I'm not sure if it is run by the parents or the children, but it's likely to be good.Originally it was located on Camelback and 42nd st and then it moved to this location. The family had kids that opened a location at Indian School and 46th street - the food was almost as good, but they closed down after a chain pizza place opened across the street. This location in north scottsdale was always reliable and good. I loved it. Thick crusts and mountains of cheese and sauce... the sausage was fantastic as was the pepperoni. If this place is closed down - it might be worth a trek to Carefree... If I find out it's closed, I'll update this review or move it over to the carefree location.
5	I think this family made the very first pizza I ever tasted. That's the story I'm going to stick with anyway (it was probably Chucky Cheese in reality). I have been a rabid fan of the pizzas they make for over 25 years. I remember when they were on Camelback near 44th Street. As a kid, I remember being afraid to try it, but after some coaxing I became a huge fan. Then they moved to the Scottsdale and Shea location... I have most of my memories of it here. Their kids opened a spinoff location on Indian School and 46th, but that eventually closed - it was never quite the same (though it was similar). The Scottsdale and Shea location finally closed two years ago much to my dismay.I only recently discovered this location way the hell up north. I'm glad to see them still making pizza (yeah, it's the same people - I recognized the chef/owner), and I'm even more glad to find that it's just the same as I remember. The crust is simple, the sauce is mild but plentiful, the cheese is gooey and high quality, and the toppings are fresh and delicious. Everyone has their favorite pizza and this is mine. Nothing has changed about it in a quarter of a century. It's still awesome. I always get Sausage and Pepperoni in case you're wondering.Aside from the quality of the food (which is amazing), the staff is nice. The interior needs a little work (it's kinda ugly - they should at least go back to the checkerboard tablecloths). The place kinda stinks too for some reason. It's not the food though... I don't know what the deal was with that. As soon as our pizza came, the smell went. Maybe someone ordered a stinky sandwich? Or maybe someone's colostomy bag needed to be emptied... I mean, the customers were a little on the silverhair side today. I'm sure it varies a lot. I do love the food here - I wish they would move close to me.Oh, and as has always been the case, the prices are pretty reasonable. It was less than 20 bucks for the two of us. Go check it out - definitely worth the trip.
5	If only it were closer but it's well worth the drive.  It's tucked away in a plaza in Cave Creek.  The interior is very geriatric but the food is amazing!  We split a sausage pizza and I can't remember the last time I had sausage that fresh!  Yummy!  Everything is made from scratch so you don't have that bloated feeling after you devour half a pizza packed with preservatives.Next time I will try the tasty desserts that were staring me down as I left.
5	Still the best pizza known to man!  As a kid (at the Scottsdale location) I hated this pizza, but as I grew to realized that Peter Piper actually tasted like cardboard, I have never found a pizza that compares to Pizzafarro's.Great pizza everytime.  Order the works!  Their sausage has no equal on this earth!  And...I love their ranch. I'm sure it's hidden valley from the packet and mass produced, but WHO does not love this ranch?The servers are sometimes busy, but always working hard to get you the best service possible.   Good people, good food.
3	Good but not great. Friendly. Empty.The above capture my experience at Pizzafarro's, an intended quick stop before catching a flight back to a strange and distant habitat where 95 is considered hot. Arriving shortly after 5 on a Tuesday, we were the only dine-in patrons until right before we left when a lone diner arrived, signaling either a general or specific off-season.We settled on a loaf of garlic bread without melted cheese ($3.50) and a two-topping large 16' (~$23) with spinach and mushrooms. A brief aside - I come from the land of NY style pizza, and currently live in the land of not much resembling pizza. Under that lens, the garlic bread was a bit weak on the garlic and it was the best and will be the best pizza I've had in months with the right amount of oil and cheese, but the standard crust was a bit too hard and dry for me to appreciate it when compared to my memories of pizza in the NY area and the price seemed a bit high even for a boutique community. Pizzafarro's has mostly a monopoly on its market in its surrounding neighborhood and history to sustain it, since the commercial zones of Carefree (and Cave Creek) are practically non-existent. For a near the only game in town establishment, for convenience or in a hurry, one could do far worse, but there are better options (consider N.Y.P.D.) if one doesn't mind a short drive, already an Arizona residency requirement.
5	Simply the best pizza!!!
4	Excellent pizza. I'm kinda a pizza snob having grown up on the east coast with frequent trips to NYC.  Its as good as some of the spots in NYC and even Rome. It definitely hit the spot. Best pizza I've had in at least a year. My wife gives it 5 stars. My wife and I will be coming back for more.
4	Super nice staff!  Food is delicious! So Fresh !  I always sppreciate the hostess asks if we have preferred sesting.  Such a simple question but so appreciated.  Thankyou Madeleine. Having never eaten there before our waiter John was very helpful. He helped us make the best choices for our appetites and tastes!
4	I crave this pizza. Get the thin crust and load it up with toppings. Not a fancy place but definitely friendly and very accommodating. I see couples in here on dates and entire extended families with grandpas and babies and everyone in between. The decor is dated, but you don't go for the upholstery, you go for the pizza which I am now wildly craving. BRB.
5	A Scottsdale, Phoenix institution for almost 40 years. Don & Vicki have been serving up the absolute best thin crust pizza that would beat any in the country, or abroad. The home made sausage is unlike any you will have had. The atmosphere is a true neighborhood trattoria and the staff, most who have been there for a very long time just complement the place. For a special treat, ask if Don will make a pizza for you giving it that little extra time.
5	This pizza is  very, very delicious and high quality ingrediants.  the sausage is homemade and among the best I've had.  The sauce and crust just perfect.  Visting form Chicago and I may have to go back again one nore time before I returnVery nice staff too
3	We pass by Pizzafarro's quite frequently as we drive into Carefree and with voracious appetites decided to stop in early one evening a couple of weeks ago. The hostess/waitress was so friendly, let us seat wherever we wanted and efficiently took our order . . . "Could I have eggplant on my pizza?" I asked. She gave me an inquisitive look but went to ask the "chef" or as I suspected, owner, who said that in all his years, he has only had three requests for eggplant on a pizza, so it's not offered on the menu, but if that is what I wanted, that's what he would do. My husband and I both ordered extra large pizzas, and both the owner and waitress asked "are you sure you want extra large pizzas?"  Of course we did . . . he likes his with so many things I don't and vice versa, and the test of a pizza is how good it tastes on day 2, day 3, etc., even after it has been frozen and defrosted and reheated.Once our pizzas came our eyes bugged out.  Beautiful handmade pizzas . . . gargantuan! I could eat only one slice before feeling full. I have to admit that I am an uber fan of the Neapolitan style cracker thin crust pizzas, so this was a real change of pace for me.  I will also admit that I didn't have enough patience to wait for the pizza to cool off before digging in, so of course, I burned my tongue on my first bite, so the rest of the slice was just so-so.  And I thought it was a little light on seasonings and flavors.I am glad I waited a few days to write my review because I probably would have given Pizzafarro's a real "meh" review, but subsequent slices have been quite delicious even after freezing and nuking.I noticed quite a few seniors frequent this place . . . not sure if they are long-time locals who have been frequenting the establishment, or if it is just a reflection on the neighborhood, or if it was just an off night.  We still like the Neapolitan pizzas with the gourmet toppings better, so I can't say that we'll be back so soon, but for traditional pizza with traditional toppings, a friendly and homey atmosphere, this is a nice local gem.  No wonder it has been around for years!
1	Got there to pick up our three pizzas (one kids) which cost over 80 dollars.  They were just going in the oven.  The friendly young employee behind the counter kindly offered us a drink while we waited.  Then the little old lady in a walker caught her employee delivering good service and became irate.  She made this poor employee charge us four dollars for my son's sprite.  Never returning needless to say.
5	One large pizza and hot wings, Excellent!
2	Boring.  Good fresh veggies, but still boring.  Also total ditz answers phone.  With lots of choices in the area, we won't be back.
1	Horrible Sunday dining experience!I have noticed the reviews for Pizzafarro's which seemed enjoyable.  Based on the reviews of their pizza, I was certain other menu selections would be as delicious.Unfortunately, this was the furthest from possible.  Upon arrival we were greeted by a lovely young lady.  We were seated and began our dinner selection.  As an Italian lover, I decided I would order the Chicken Parmesan while my dining partner ordered the  Spaghetti Special.  Salad or Italian coleslaw was offered with both meals.  I opted for an Antipasti as my dining partner had the coleslaw.  The Antipasti was a very basic deli meat small slice of pepperoni, salami and olives over crisp lettuce.  The meals arrived to our table 30 minutes after ordering.  We did not mind the time delay as we were able to sip tea and chat over our day.  Once both plates were served, we were excited to try our newly found bistro in our area.  Wowzers were we in for a shock.  After being utterly underwhelmed from the over cooked and cold pasta, the obviously canned sauce without seasoning and the wet and mushy microwave frozen dinner style chicken patty.  While attempting to keep the bites we had eaten down, we were unable to swallow another bite of our meals.  I honestly can not understand how pasta could go so wrong.We paid for our meals, kindly tipped and thanked our waitress who was super sweet by the way.This place needs a visit from Gordon Ramsay.I hope your experience there will be much better than ours.GOOD LUCK!
2	The pizza is good, but we've had horrible service the last two times we went. It's also rather expensive.
2	This felt like a twilight zone episode where I'm transported to a small town in an unknown city somewhere in the Midwest or other undesirable part of the country, and I'm at some "local place" that the locals love but really it's just a reflection of the lack of quality options in the vicinity.  Or, the people in that undesirable place don't know any better, so they praise the best of what is available to them... and yes that is a dig at no-name cities in the Midwest, and the people who choose to live there.  This place had booth seats that must have been decades old, large wall covering mirrors, and other decor that scream 1990 or maybe earlier.  There's one box TV hanging in the back too, just in case you forgot that TV's weren't always flat paneled.  It isn't old world or quaint or anything like that.  Rather it just clearly lets you know that they don't care enough to invest in the atmosphere to a reasonable degree.  And the locals like this place well enough, so I guess to heck with those who complain about the very dated atmosphere.   To complement the atmosphere there's the slow as a snail service from a single server for the entire restaurant, at least on our weekday visit.   The usual events occurred - empty beer glass, long delay to pay and leave, etc.  Prices are also high here, so with relatively little food and drink you're finding yourself leaving a double digit tip if you just leave the expected norm of about 20%, so if that bothers you for slow, inattentive service then think twice about dining here.Pizza crust was very good, perhaps the highlight of the experience.  But on the whole the pizza isn't overall excellent by contemporary large metro standards (remember the small town insult above).   We had one pasta entree but won't likely have another.  This seems to clearly be a pizza place.Parking is decent and you get to enjoy the headlights of cars as they park in the first couple of spots because the lights reflect abundantly throughout the restaurant due to the mirrored walls.   This restaurant is so close to having a nice view of Black Mountain... if only they were one slot over where another restaurant is located, with the patio that overlooks the mountain.  So close.... oh well.
3	A local establish that has a loyal following. No real bar for cocktails but ample beer selection. I was impressed with the servers knowledge and courtesy. It's hard to find great service and this is a four star service parlor. Two styles of crust. Thin or original. I would order original for take out because it holds up better. Thin crust is NYC style thin crust. This is not Papa Johns quality and the prices reflect the difference. Large cheese, large pep, sausage, onion and mushroom combined with a family size salad was 61.00. Not cheap but the quality is clearly different. Pizza was above Papa John's and below lombardi's. Salad dressing (house) was excellent. Overall, I would go again but wouldn't drive out of my way for the pie.
1	After being away for a few years, we went back for dinner last night.  We will not return, ever.  The receptionist was lovely, the service was awful!  Slow, no check back to refill water, etc.  It was 5:00 p.m. and basically empty.  We thought it was pretty pricy. The Eggplant Parm was dreadful. Obviously, it had been nuked. My husband's clam sauce was watery and pretty tasteless.  Evidently, the take out keeps them in business.  Pizzafarros won't have our business again.
1	Absolutely horrendous service, pizza that is basically worse than frozen pizza. The waitress was 100 and we waited an hour and a half for them to forget our order. Ridiculous prices for the service and the terrible food!
2	What do you get when you mate an old folks home and a pizzeria---Pizzafarro's.  If any of you have a 90 year old Aunt Gladys she won't step a foot out the door unless you're taking her to Pizzafarro.  The decor is old fashioned, stained carpeting, old waitresses.  I'm too young to die, please take me to Pomo!The pizza isn't horrendous but it isn't wonderful either.  Think of Barros pizza on a bad night, put in an empty septuagenarian hang out and you have Pizzafarro's.  The salads are one step above airline salads with the small plastic container of "Italian Dressing."  I don't mean to be so cruel, but honestly I don't see why people go here when you can go to Pomo, Andreoli as gold medalists and Bosco as the bronze.If you're younger than 70, you have so much to live for, why hop in the wheelchair now?#%&*$
4	This is a small, family owned Italian restaurant that offers exceptionally good food in an unpretentious atmosphere. The ingredients are fresh and the pizza and other dishes are hand made. We are happy to drive the 12 miles round trip for pizza takeout about once a week. My wife and I love exploring the Valley's eateries, and this is one of our favorites.
5	A good friend that recently moved here from Chicago recommended this place to me because he said this was best pizza hes ever had...and he was right! This place is downright delicious!...who cares about their old fashion decor when their pizza is that good!It's a little bit of a hike to get to if you don't live in Cave Creek but it is definitely worth the drive.
