5	Just looking up at the stairs of Advocate's Close from Cockburn Street tires me out, who needs to workout when you could run up and down here a couple times a day? There are many different closes leading onto the Royal Mile but for me, this one is by far one of the most atmospheric and many of the buildings along it date as far back as 16th century. Many times I have passed by I have seen various different tours making a stop here to learn a little bit about the history of the close.I have to admit, I am a little bit ignorant about it's full history but I know that it gets it's name from James Stewart who was the first Lord Advocate of Scotland between 1692 - 1713.Definitely worth strolling along as a bridge between Cockburn Street and the Royal Mile.
4	Advocate's Close is a great way to get from Cockburn Street to the Royal Mile as it's a nice little historic close surrounded by wonderful buildings. But I like walking up here because it work's your butt muscles in a way no work out could and you will definitley feel the burn when you get to the top. I tried running up it once, purely for entertainment purposes, and it didn't go so well.
5	The Royal Mile is packed with closes and paths, a strong reminder of it's Middle ages past. Although these closes appear minute to us, you have to take into consideration that the Royal mile was once the biggest street and these closes separated the quite tall houses. These were where people walked, throughout their house waste on to, sold produce, moved cattle to slaughter houses (often located in the basements next to the poorer houses) and were all leading down to what used to be the Nor Loch where all the waste went (now it's the pretty Princess Street Gardens).  This close connects the Royal Mile to Cockburn street making it slightly more modern than it's neighbours. Take a minute to consider that Arthur' s seat was out of town at this time and admire the few remnants of the Old Town of Edinburgh.
4	If I were to describe Advocates Close to you I would more than likely say 'Its a street with some stairs that connect two other streets.'Pretty boring, but once you are actually there, there really is something amazing about this close. Just off the Royal Mile and connecting to Cockburn Street, walking along here gives you a real sense of the history of Edinburgh - especially at night when it feels as though you could have stepped back in time at any point.The steps are steep and there are many, but try and walk it at least once - its worth it, I assure you.
4	There's a number of such closes leading up to the Royal Mile, and I must say that they're perhaps among my favourite features in the whole city. Each one is unique in it's own way, the whole cliche about being able to "feel the history" is surprisingly true, and they can be equal parts picturesque, fascinating, shifty and creepy.Advocate's Close is all of the above, even if it does  lose points for the large patch of wasteground halfway up. If you're visiting the city, then a wander round Advocate's and it's brethern is a far more rewarding than 90% of the more high profile tourist bumpf.
5	Excellent way of getting from Cockburn Street to the Royal Mile whilst taking in a little bit of Edinburgh's beautiful history. Just walking through here you can set your mind to imagine what it must have been like all those years ago to be a street vendor, selling your goods and using these closes as frequently as we use the bus stops on Princes St now.Such a beautiful city that even the basic things like this are dripping in history.
