4	I started going to this dry cleaners out of convenience a couple of years ago... they are located in the shopping center on the Southeast corner of Thomas and Scottsdale Roads, and there happens to be a Blockbuster, Starbucks, Jamba Juice, Noodles Ranch, etc... in the same little area.  They've always done a decent job on my dry cleaning in the past and continue to do so...  Funny story: The other day, I totally thought that Diamond Cleaners lost an item of my clothing and replaced it with a black dress that wasn't mine.  Needless to say, I wasn't too happy so I wrote a facebook status update about it and a two star yelp review... and then I spoke to Danny who works at Diamond Cleaners and realized that the dress was indeed part of what I dropped off.  Turns out, it was my sister-in-law's dress.  I am an idiot!My apologies for the wrong accusation, Diamond Cleaners...I'll be back to see you soon!
4	I have used this place a couple of times and they always do a great job.  I was in a pinch the other day and had to get my friends wedding dress steamed, this was wednesday and I needed it by Friday.  They had it ready Thursday evening.  Great job.
4	I have been going here for several years after other nearby dry cleaners have closed or disappointed by their customer service. The service her is always friendly and I can appreciate asking if I've left items without feeling judged or that I'm angering them. Haven't done any retouches or don't know if they offer it but it's a great well located place to bring your dry cleaning to in South Scottsdale.
5	I started going here as it's pretty close to home and convenient to get to in the Albertsons plaza on the corner of Scottsdale Rd and Thomas. I don't have much drycleaning to do. I might bring in one item a month, but everything I've brought in has been cleaned well. They seem to have a quick turnaround time too. I've never had any problems.
2	My husband has to go to the dry cleaner on a regular basis...at least twice a week (once to drop off, and once to pick up and drop off more).  I was surprised when he left his regular cleaner but he said this place was more conveniently located.  I went with him a few times, service was good, and his clothes always smelled clean enough to me.However, one downside is they have a $10 minimum for running credit cards. My husband and I prefer to not carry cash, so this is inconvenient.  My husband recently dropped off $9 worth of clothing and did not have enough cash on hand when he went to pick up.  Instead of overlooking a few measly dimes, they would not run his card. My husband even offered to pre-pay for a future order (since you know, he goes 2x/week), and they said no.  So the poor man had to walk to the grocery store to use an ATM, which is not cheap these days, but it was either that or leave without any clothing and have nothing to wear to work.There was no physical reason they could not  have swiped the card.  It would have been a nice thing to do in order to keep a customer that has very little clothing and relies on weekly dry cleaning.But, since they would not run the card because his order was .70 cents too cheap, my husband will not be returning.But yeah, the clothing comes back clean...so two stars for that.But note that they do not clean coats or do alterations.
5	I went in for an alteration to a wedding dress tonight (hemming and taking in the bust). They happily stayed late to help and were very friendly to me and my son. Plus they are promising a much needed quick turn around. It was a VERY pleasant and comfortable experience. Both owners are very nice. I can tell she knows what she is doing and I look forward to the finished product. I can't say much for the price since I don't have prior experience to compare, but it seemed reasonable given the type of dress and the amount of time I'm guessing it will take. Review to come for the results...
5	The dress turned out perfect! So easy and painless! I'm very pleased with the whole experience and glad this woman was a part of it! :-)
5	I came in last minute and needed help with a  jacket. Sue was kind enough to help me right away even when I could tell she had already had a very busy day. I'm so glad I chose to stop in and will definitely be back for cleanings and alterations?
