4	Saw the restaurant on the way to Jean Talon market and decided to try with my boyfriend. They have S, M, L different sizes of pho and you can choose meats to put 2-3 or one or all dressed.. The place is real Vietnamese..
5	Food is very good, very comforting!Always have the pho, imperial rolls and a three color!!! YUMMY!Been going there since I was a kid, family that owns the place is very friendly.
4	So far this is my favourite Vietnamese soup in the neighborhood. I've grabbed the vegetarian (#18) to go a couple times and the staff are always friendly, funny, sweet and super super speedy. The broth is flavour rich, not watery at all, and not too salty with a good kick of spice to it and very fresh veg. From the little time I've spent in there the decor is quirkycozy too, but honestly, I am hungry and just looking to cuddle into a giant bowl of Pho-times when I'm there and generally not seeing straight.
4	Stopped by here for brunch daily when I visited Montreal. As I grew up on Vietnamese food in LA, I needed my pho fix even in another country. Pho Nam Do didn't disappoint!It was interesting to see the differences between size choices compared to America, as we only have M and L, and in Canada I saw lots of Vietnamese restaurants offer M, L, AND S. Also, the broth was lighter in color and taste than what I'm used to. I believe this is more a Vietnamese Southern-style pho place than the Northern-style phos I'm used to back in LA. Northern-style pho tends to be darker and meatier in taste, with less need of veggie garnishes--whereas Southern-style pho is the reverse. None-the-less, the pho was delicious!  Though I have to say their imperial egg rolls were unimpressive. I was surprised to see how little reviews there were for this place. Then I realized it's because it's such a local favorite that it's rare for outsiders to try it. Each time I went, I saw there was anything but a lack of customers. And on a special note I'd like to give a special shout-out to the Chinese-Vietnamese family (like mine) who owned the restaurant. They made me feel welcome. :)
