3	Okay, let me start with I hate hate hate getting my hair cut.  It seems like for the past ten years I have not found a stylist who would actually listen to me and do what I ask.  However much I hate getting my hair cut I really needed one.  I wasn't really expecting much walking in here, but was pleasantly suprised.  No one was overly fake-friendly, but polite.  I only had to wait about ten minutes before being called back, and I was a walk-in.  My stylist, actually listened to what I wanted and took the time to get my hair even.  (On the bottom.)  He didn't make fun of me when I told him I hadn't had my hair cut in over a year.  I made an odd special request, and even though he balked a little, he still obliged.  I usually just throw my hair up to get it out of my way and off my mind.  However, I am so impressed with this cut I might just take the time to blow it out like a real girl.  I will be back, and it probably won't take a year to get me through the door.  Update:  My hair, when blown out, looks like a chopped mess.  The layers are not blended at all.  And the search continues.
5	I have to say that over the last 4 years I have yet to find a stylist that could cut my hair correctly....and I've lived in 3 different states during that time frame. I finally went to Hair Masters by suggestion of a co-worker and I am SO happy that I did. Suzannecut my hair and she did an AMAZING job!! She listened to what I wanted and did exactly as I asked!! I like choppy layers...when they're blended on me they don't look good. It is the best haircut I have had in forever! She also highlighted my hair for me at another appointment and she did a fantastic job. I made sure she wrote down what she used because I liked it so much. I have another appointment with her in a few days to do a major cut to my hair (I'm thinking like a good 7 inches taken off) and a color. They get really busy on Saturdays, so make sure you make an appointment on that day or you may either a) wait forever or b) be asked if you can come back the next day. Definitely give this place a try though!!
4	First this place is no longer Hair Masters its a Super Cuts. I found this place here on Yelp since my hubby works just up the street. I was in DESPERATE need of a color so I popped in ( they only take walk ins) Anyways the wait was long but they were super busy. I figured it was a good sign. I sit down tell the stylist what color I wanted and she went to work. The color came out like I wanted and much better than I thought it was going to since I bleached my hair last summer(I know what was I thinking??!) Anywho the ladies that work there are friendly and have open convos about everything...and I do mean everything so I wouldnt bring the kid like I did. Thankfully her Dad was there to take her out to lunch. The whole thing took about 2.5 hours and was only 49 bucks!! So all in all I liked it and am happy with my hair. The only negative thing I can say is the stylist put some kind of waxy based stuff in my hair and it took 3 washes to get
4	Suzanne!! Best haircut I've ever had! Ok so I had really long hair and I was trying to do something drastic. She helped me decide what to do, and was very excited with me! After a short A-line bob cut, it was perfect! She was very helpful and suggested ways I could do my hair now!
3	Just thought I'd say this: This location is a Super Cuts now. Hair Masters has moved.
