5	Amazing Italian food. The best in scottsdale. Try the tortellini alla boscaiola. This is my favorite thing on the menu. They just moved into a new location the decor is modern and trendy. It's a little out of the way but worth the drive. If you're looking for amazing Italian food go here.
5	Best Italian in Scottsdale mountain. Great staff, great food and amazing new place. I highly recommend the ribeye and the scallops.
5	Went here with my wife last night. Upon entering the restaurant, I noticed the decor was inviting, the place looked very clean - very nice ambience. I was looking for spaghetti and meat balls and/or Italian sausage. However, spaghetti and meat balls was not on the menu so I was forced to step outside of my comfort zone - and I'm glad I did! I had the Salsiccia Alla Cacciatora - it was DEE-LICIOUS! The servers were attentive without being a pain. The chef periodically walked the dining area to make sure everything was OK - again, without being a pain. The only down side is the price - over a hundred bucks for the two of us! That's a lot for a cheapskate like me.
4	We were so excited to try a restaurant rated so high and of course my favorite is italian.  All I can say is be careful what you order off the specials menu.  I ordered the veal chop, expecting something with a sauce.  It was a generous portion, a full chop, pounded and breaded.  It was served with lemon, arugula and Parmesan cheese on the side.....that's it....price $45.  It was bland and when I mentioned this to the wait staff they said they liked it that way, but what a disappointment for me! I learned my lesson, no ordering off the special menu and always ask about the accompanying sauce, if any.  A mustard sauce would have been great.The wine was delicious, as was the garden salad.  My husband liked his entree.  To be fair I rated four stars but thought I should mention that you might feel like you have been robbed when you get the bill......
5	Some of the best authentic Italian food in AZ. Chic modern ambiance. Great place for a date or casual dinner with family/friends.
4	Casa Mia just can't be beat.  The service was excellent.  I'm not sure where they get their bread, so nice and crunchy on the outside.  Two of our guests had the veal saltimbocca and I had the three cheese ravioli with peas, mushrooms and pancetta.   The other guest had the beef short ribs.   Everyone cleaned their plates.  For dessert we had a pumpkin pie, more like a tort, with a walnut crust.   2 die 4!
4	We came here on a Sunday and the owner greeted us at the door.  We got a table right away. We ordered the caesar salad, bruscetta , and fried calamari.  The bread was good.  The red wine was good. Palazzo Dr Calls.The salad was okay. We got it without the anchovies. That may have made it bland.  The bruscetta was okay. The toasted bread was hard to bite and had burnt spots on it. The tomato mixturfresh but missing something so I added some balsamic vinegar to give it more flavor. The calamari was light and good.  It was the homemade tiramisu and cappuccino that really made the dinner.  If I go again I will skip the bruscetta and salad and order a pasta instead.  I will try the homemade pumpkin pie and get another tiramisu for sure.
1	I came here steadily for about a month. The food was very good though expensive. The bartender here is a giant jerk. He called the owners son ( around ten years old) a dirty word to his face. I was offended and decided to let the owners know their bartender was verbally cursing their child. For my fairness, the next time I tried to come in the bartender informed me I could no longer receive food or drink at their establishment as he had almost been fired and the mother had been upset. He banned me from coming back, without the owners knowledge. If this is the kind of drama you are looking for on a Saturday night, then by all means, come here!
