5	A friend and I wanted to try this place out after having lunch just down the way. The staff was very friendly and took the time to explain all their goodies in the case. They offered us a complimentary cake bite since it was our first visit. We both tried the salted caramel with peanut butter and my oh my was it delicious!I ordered half a dozen cookies to take home and share with others. The chocolate coconut was one of my favorites and tastes similar to an Almond Joy. I'm a sucker for iced oatmeal cookies so that one didn't disappoint either. I personally favored the traditional icing on the sugar cookie vs the cream cheese but both were really tasty. I will definitely be going back especially next time I have a sweet tooth or need a sweet treat as a gift.
5	Cupcakes and cake bites are great, though the red velvet needs some work. While not a selling point for me, they have milk on tap to wash the goodies down.
5	I love this place!  The decor is so cute, pretty, and had a clean look. We got the half Dozen which was perfect for a family of five. The employs are very nice and cater to your needs. The line was kinda long but it was not their fault more of the picky,can never make up their minds customers they had! Not a big selection of cupcakes but they just opened so I think in time it will get a bigger selection.  If you have a big party with you I would not eat there space is limited for eating but fits good for a small group around three people. This place is for sure my new cupcake place. Keep up the good work guys you have a wonderful place!
5	Came here for the first time. It's a nice little place. All of the cupcakes and cookies look amazing. I got the Samoa cupcake and my friends got the Nutella crepe, those were some of the best cupcakes I ever tasted.
5	Delicious cupcakes!!!! If you Love cupcakes, this is the place for you!!!! Great customer service. Very clean!
4	Went to the grand opening in Gilbert to make my wife happy .  Pretty good baked goods... which is saying something since I don't like dessert.  I like the little bites they have.  If you are into sweets give them a try!
3	I was a little bugged that this location (Gilbert) refused to stamp my "Customer Loyalty  Rewards card." It states on the card "redeemable at any Sweet Tooth Fairy Location." Clearly that is not the case, sad!Here are the things i tried.......- Strawberry Shortcake Cupcake: The vanilla cake was moist and the strawberry frosting was pretty tasty too. *I liked this cupcake a lot.- Nutella Crepe: Honestly I wasn't all that impressed with this cupcake, personally I didn't think the flavor profile was strong enough. It was rather bland. - Gluten Free Mint Chocolate Cakebites: I was surprised these were GF, they were moist like the normal cakebites and very flavorful. * I am a fan of these little bites of deliciousness.It's nice that they have Gluten Free options, this place is CRAZY busy in the evenings so be prepared to stand and wait in line for a while. The shop is cute, the staff is very personable and the quality is good too. This place is A-Ok.
4	I'm not a "sweets" person, but my family sure is! I've had a couple of bites of their cupcakes and the taste was delightful. However, I have hard time getting past the pricing. I get making a profit, but I really don't want to spend a small fortune on 4 cupcakes I won't even eat!
4	So cute inside! Good service, the cupcakes were not dry and very pretty. The frosting was a little too sweet for my taste, but yummy all the same. Try the peanut butter cookies! They were delicious! Me and the hubby will definitely stop in again and try something on one of our cheat days!
3	Vanilla cupcakes should not taste like almonds - disappointed. The sugar cookie also tasted like almonds - disappointed. The black and white cookie - frosting was almond :-( disappointed. The Red Velvet cupcake was good!The decor and feel of the place was resort-likePlease dump the almond extract!
5	Mine blowing cupcakes?! Milk on tap?! Fairy themed and adorable inside?! HELLO I'M IN LOVE. This place is too close to my house, I blame it for any weight gain this month.
5	This place is a wonderful addition to Gilbert! Spencer, one of the owners, greeted us when we walked in and promptly got behind the counter to help us. The Salted Caramel Cake Bite was delicious! Just the right amount of sweetness after dinner. The desserts, decor and people are first-rate! I'll definitely be going back!
5	I love The Sweet Tooth Fairy! I've been to this location twice and both times I had excellent customer service and the yummiest treat! First I had the original sugar cookie which was very good. Not too much frosting which is how I like it! Then today is my BIRTHDAY and since I had signed up to receive the emails, I got a free cupcake!! I chose cookie dough and it was to die for! Will definitely return for another!
5	Had stumbled on this little shop by accident on our way to a place close by. We went there for dessert and they gave us a free piece called a bite. A lot of flavors salted Carmel , carrot cake , lemon, etc. Was so good. They have bites , brownies , cupcakes. This place is a go to place over and over if you catch my drift. Great tasting and worth stoping at  :)
5	Last fall my BFF surprised me with cake bites from The Sweet Tooth Fairy when she was visiting Salt Lake City.  I hadn't heard of them before but she was RAVING about them.  I had a mix of peanut butter, salted caramel, red velvet & I can't really remember the other flavors but I was in cake bite heaven with them! I'm not ashamed to say that I finished off the package she gave me in less than 2 days. I've dreamt of these delicious morsels since I last had them!Fast forward to a few weeks ago, I was in Mesa & remembered reading that STF was opening up so I checked them out online & sure enough, they were open! Yay! The inside of this store is absolutely adorable, they even have milk on tap! The cases were full of cake bites, cookies & cupcakes. So much yummy in one spot.  I ordered some lemon, peanut butter, carrot cake & salted caramel cake bites to go. Lady behind the counter was so friendly & even gave us some samples of the cake bites.  They were just as amazing as I remembered them! I'm sad this location is so far from me because the treats are freaking amazing BUT on the other hand, my waistline is thanking them for not being close! :D
4	Oh lord my calorie counting is in trouble.  As I write this,  I am inhaling the thin mint cupcake. Words cannot describe the party that is going down in my mouth.  You can never eat a regular ole plain thin mint again. My love handles are going no where soon. Highly recommended.  Super cute shop.  Very friendly staff.  A little pricey but they are delicious.
4	Delicious!!! This place is located in the oldest rundown looking plaza, but it looks totally different once you get inside! The decoration is super cute and bright with light pastels, jars of homemade candy like hand pulled toffee and lollipops. The smells of fresh baked good overwhelmed me and made my mouth water! It was my first visit so I got a free cake bite. These are basically little flat chocolate covered cake pieces. I got the cinnamon churro which was delicious! It has a denser consistency than cake but the taste is amazing. Too bad I was too full to try any of the cupcakes but I shall return!!! and then update my review... :)
5	Everything they bake is ridiculously good. The "Cupshake" is amazing. They drop any of their fully prepared cupcakes into a blender with a milkshake. Why has nobody tried this before?
5	I just visited The Sweet Tooth Fairy for the first time this morning.  It is absolutely adorable - the inside reminds me of something I'd see on Main Street at Disneyland (this is a good thing).  I tried the cake bites - they were so delicious!  Very rich, but excellent.**Update**We recently returned as we were having a party and needed some treats for our guests.  We were unaware of the 2 day notice for the Twix bars and cake bites, but the baker kindly accommodated our short notice (which was the next day).  Excellent customer service.It's hard to say anything negative about this place but if I were to point out the less than perfect, I'd say it's a bit highly priced but obviously not weren't bad enough to keep me away after my first visit.
4	Loved the welcome surprise! A sample of their cake bites on the house! We tried the strawberry shortcake and toasted coconut cupcake, the bread was delicious! Moist and flavorful! The frosting was a little sweet but with the bread it was good!
4	Love the cupcake selection! Great place to by someone you love a sweet treat. The cupcakes are anything but average- tres leches, salted pretzel something , cookie dough, lemon and so on. They have such a beautiful assortment of flavors. The artistic work of this cupcakes deserves 5 stars! However I am more about cake then the frosting so I had to give them 4 stars. Their cake bites are a bit too sweet for me. Also I wish they had more vegan options.
4	The cakes bites are very addicting so be careful.  Cup cakes are crazy good too. The red velvet cookie was good but not amazing
4	If you tell them its your first time there they will give you a little cake bite. They girls working there were nice and the cupcakes were good. Its also less expensive than most of the fancy cupcakes places seem to be. Also they have a soda fountain and milk! How cool is that
3	I am surprised I don't love this place. I love sweets but the cake bites are actually too sweet for me. The cookies are good but the stuff is overpriced. We have tried the cupcakes as well but I was underwhelmed. Not my favorite.
5	The double fudge cupcake is the best cupcake I've ever tasted. I also love their cookies. It's a nice atmosphere and reminds me of Disneyland.
5	I have very strong opinions about cupcakes, and I was prepared to tear this place apart after pretty much everyone I know was proclaiming it to be THE BEST. Yesterday I told my toddler that we would go on a cupcake date later in the day if we got everything done, so we arrived at the shop at about 4PM. I was glad to see we were the only people in line, especially after I had heard how crowded it can get in the evenings. The shop is beautiful and immaculately clean, which impressed me. Since it was our first visit they offered us each a cake bite, and I thought the cake to frosting ratio was perfect because I could actually taste the flavors of the cake and not just the sickeningly sweet taste of frosting, that I often experience with cake bites/cake pops. I ordered my daughter a chocolate chip cookie, and since I knew I'd have a couple friends over in the evening I ordered 4 different cupcakes we could all try together. I was impressed that the treats were much less expensive than competing cupcake or treat shops I've been to. I tried a bite of my daughter's cookie before giving it to her and it was delicious! It tasted like they browned the butter prior to adding it to the batter, so it gave a wonderful caramelized taste. Yum.In the evening, my friends and I shared the toasted coconut, salted caramel, orange creamsicle and s'mores cupcakes. I was majorly impressed. The only one that fell a little flat for me was the toasted coconut, and the only thing I'd change is a slightly less sweet frosting. As for the salted caramel, the chocolate cake part was the most delicious and moist chocolate cake I've ever had. The frosting, while very rich, was the perfect balance to the cake. The creamsicle ended up being our very favorite. The delicious citrusy cake balanced perfectly with the delicate cream frosting that had a touch of orange to it. It was wonderful. We also really enjoyed the s'mores. They used a frosting that seemed to be folded in with marshmallow fluff, and then dipped in ganache. The cake tasted like graham crackers, so the cake overall tasted just like a s'more. Awesome all around.I am impressed and will definitely be back. Sorry, Sprinkles...
3	This was my first time there.  The cake part of the cupcakes is really moist and flavorful, but the frosting is a bit too sweet for my taste.  Well the  name Sweet tooth Fairy fits I guess.  The vanilla frosted sugar cookie is the best I have ever had and there cupcake bites bare to die for but I felt they are a bit expensive for what you get.  The young lady Mary who helped me was friendly and helpful and made me feel appreciated for coming in.  They are open until 9:00 pm so it's great if you need a sweet fix late at night.
1	We eat here all the time, however we were asked/told to leave at exactly 9:00 pm and told to sit in our cars... We had one bite left of our cupcakes! It was rude and have never been asked to leave a restaurant at the exact minute they close. Won't be returning... :(
5	The cake bites are delicious!  You get one free if it's your first time.  The shop is super cute.  The cupcakes were fantastic, not overly sweet.  It was hard to decide on flavors because they all looked so yummy!
5	Wow!!! Was in here for the first time and off the bat felt had a warm welcome and super friendly staff.  The cupcake selection was excellent. So many to choose from.   I've had cupcakes at other popular places in town (Gigi's, Sprinkles, Coffee Shop) and for me these were so much better.  Super moist and not overloaded with frosting. The right ratio of cupcake to frosting. I definitely feel that whenever I have that sweet tooth craving I have no reservation about driving out of my way to come here again.
4	They have a great assortment of sweet treats, this place smells like a happy childhood memory and they have free treat for first time visitors!!!
5	I had heard all about this bakery ever since it opened up, but never went. I was eating at Gecko the other night and it was right there!! So I went in got a free cakebite, since I was a first time customer, and bought the strawberry shortcake cupcake and a fairy fetti cookie, which was super good. The girl who helped me, Hailey, was very helpful and explained all the different treats to me. Definitely will be my go-to bakery from now on!!!
5	The cookies and frostings are super impressive. There's a fine line between too sweet and just right and I think that's where Sweet Tooth Fairy nails it. Their chocolate cookie with chocolate frosting is heavenly.
4	I really like how cute this place looks. Its simple and amazingly refreshing to walk into. I like the decor and feel of this place! The cake bites are a tad bit too sweet for my liking but it tastes great. The cupcakes are good as well but a bit too sweet. If the sweetness were taken down a little i think id enjoy it better. I tried the strawberry shortcake cupcake and the frosting was a little too much for me but overall it wasnt horrible. My husband had the cupshake and he said it was good but mentioned they should provide a bigger straw because it was real hard to drink it when the chunks of the cupcake were clogging the straws. I gave only 4 stars due too it being overly sweetened but i would definitely come back again!!! The pricing wasn't cheap nor too bad.
5	A little taste of heaven! I'm surprised some people are leaving reviews for a place called "The Sweet Tooth Fairy" and saying that it was too sweet for them. My favorites are the ferry fetti cake bites and the sugar cookies. Mmmmmm. This place really is the best bakery I've ever tried. Do yourself a favor and go try it.
4	Super yummy! I had the coconut cake bite thingy and a Samoa cupcake. Absolutely delicious! Definitely the best cupcake I have ever had the privilege of consuming. Yum!Also, the service was great! The young ladies were very cordial and helpful. I loved the environment - it's the best one I've experienced in a cupcake shop!
4	I ordered a large batch of cupcakes for a gender reveal party for a close friend. Since she and other guests are gluten-free, I ordered all of the cupcakes as such. They got rave reviews at the party, everyone was surprised how moist and delicious they were even as gluten free! The only thing that could have been better is more flavor options for the gluten free cupcakes, as currently they have only vanilla and chocolate. Otherwise, they were a big hit; the ladies at the shop were very helpful in setting up my order and personalizing the frosting and decorations consistent with the party theme. The order was completed on time and waiting for me when I went to pick them up. Overall, a great place to go to to supply sweets for a party!
5	I went for the first time today after craving a cupcake and it was delicious! First timers get a complimentary cake bite of your choosing. The staff was upbeat, welcoming, and friendly. I got the peanut butter cake bite dipped in chocolate and it was awesome. Cake bites are a great way to see what flavors they have. I would have gotten more but the real reason I was there was for a cupcake. I got the chocolate, peanut butter, and pretzel cupcake. It was the best cupcake I've had since I've moved in Arizona! They have been featured on Cupcake Wars on food network and you're able to have some of the flavors they had on the show. I was pleasantly surprised to discover this little gem in Gilbert and will definitely go back!
5	Amazing! Delicious cupcakes, i tried the toasted coconut..way too good to share. The hubs had a chocolate cake with white frosting, so good. Cant wait to try some of the other flavors.
5	I love this place! I'm very picky about my sweets and they have the best treats. Brooke and Jade are so great too. Thank you for always making my day ladies!
