5	After playing at Angel Park (both courses), Painted Desert, Palm Valley and Aliante I can say that Siena provides the better golf experience.  Angel Park still has the edge for the 'extras' - putting course, chipping area and lighted par-3 course - but for pure golf, Siena has the edge.You immediately get the feeling that you're at a course that is way out of your price range.  From the pro shop to the bar, complimentary unlimited range balls for a paid 18 holes and friendliness of the staff; I was impressed from the start.As far as the course, one of the things that really stood out to me was the elevation changes here that other courses don't have.  This allows for very unique challenges and shot opportunities/choices.  Deep and numerous bunkers make you pay for errant shots, though they are fairly placed.  The fairways and greens were in very decent quality considering they had recently 'overseeded' - getting the course ready for the winter season.  Each hole provides excellent mountain views as it is tucked in fairly close to the ranges in the west.  There are five tee options, although there wasn't much difference between the two longest ones (black and gold).   If you're in town visiting and looking for a place to play that will give you the most for your money, this should be on your list.  As a local, this will be the course that I take friends and family. $35 twilight golf as of September 9th.
4	One of the nicest courses I've ever had the pleasure of playing on. Nice wide fairways so my drive can actually be playable, fast greens which make for an interesting short game, water at every hole for the hot Vegas sun.I know you get what you pay for, but $55 green fees for "twilight" on a windy, off peak day seems like too much. Either way, great course, look forward to playing again.
4	A very cool "middle of the pack" course in Las Vegas.  Their clubhouse is honestly second to none.  They have a little brook or creek in the club house that leads out to a waterfall and lake outside of it.The course had a fine layout.  It weaved through some neighborhoods, but rarely did it feel like the homes were right on top of you.  Had some ups and downs, a few water features, and wide fairways.  The course was fair, not too hard - not too easy either.My lone complaint was TONS of divot marks all over the course.  Especially in the landing areas from your tee shot.  Still a fun course to play for sheezy.  4 stars!
4	Siena is a great desert course with challenging approach shots and very tricky greens.  The views of the surrounding mountains make for a beautiful backdrop.  With multiple sets of Tees, you can make this course as hard or as easy as you want.  We played from the black tees (second longest).  The course played pretty short from from the blacks, but you really have to watch where you place your tee shots on this course.  The fairway bunkers are deadly.  The fairways and tee boxes were very fluffy when we played (Late January 2010).  I caught a few flyers from the fairway.  I guarantee that this course is in great shape during the spring and Fall months. The putting green and driving range were in terrible shape.  The range balls were old and the grass was very chewed up.  The putting green was not at all representative of the greens on the course.  The greens on the course were actually pretty nice.  They were very difficult to read and you always have to know which way the strip is before you read a putt.  The Greens keeper must have been pissed on the day we played, because the Pin placements were very very tough.The club house and facilities are very nice.  Great deals on food in the clubhouse. I will definitely keep this course in mind next time I am in Vegas. Handicap: 1.1Score: Front Nine - 37Back Nine - 38Total - 75
4	This golf course is located in Summerlin just west of the strip! It's Desert layout has abundant landscaping and is designed beatifully. The course is challenging and there's plenty of trouble if you get off the fairways - even the secondary rough is a bitch to get out of.  Deep bunkers and fast greens make this place a must play if your visiting Las Vegas! Have fun and hit em straight.
4	Over the years, I've played this golf course at least 20 times.  Maybe more, but who's counting?  I enjoy this track, here's why:- It's kept in good shape.  Besides a few issues with the greens a couple of years ago, they've done a good job maintaining this golf course.- It's reasonably priced.  You can find some great deals here.  Especially over the summer where you can get rates around $40.  If you're in the casino industry they'll usually have a casino rate....bonus.- Food is pretty good.  During the nice weather months, they'll have a BBQ going near the clubhouse, so you can pickup a Burger or Grilled Chicken at the turn or on the 19th Hole.  It's good stuff too.- Drink cart girls do their job well.  What I mean by this is that they make frequent rounds.  There's nothing worse than seeing the drink cart only once per 9 holes....you should see them at least 3 times per 9 holes.  They do that here for the most part.- Fun golf course.  This track is really fun.  Each hole is designed well so that it can be fun and challenging for most skill levels.  It might be a bit too easy for lower handicap golfers as there aren't too many long holes here...and the greens are not blazing fast.  But for the average golfer like me, it's fun.- Nice views.  There are some great views of the mountains and Vegas Valley.Overall, it's one of my favorite regular golf courses.Will I return?  I can't wait!
3	Nice clubhouse. Got an internet special at like $40 for primetime winter rates. The guy in the pro shop was REALLY intent on selling me a "players card". I told I him that I'd think about it after I played my round. The golf course was uninspiring and not in good shape, so I passed. With so many other better options out there, this course really didn't stand out enough to make we want to go back.
4	I'm rounding up here.... would normally give this 3.5 stars... better than 'A-OK'... not quite 'I'm a fan' status.  (It's not quite on par with Rio Secco which I give a solid 4 stars...more like 4.5 now that I think of it.)For one thing... this is a tough course.... LOTS and LOTS of sand traps.  Accuracy is key.... if you're not... you're playing in the beach most of the day which can be frustrating.This is a gorgeous course.... played this past Saturday.... and it's in GREAT shape.  Fairways are pristine... tee boxes are clean and immaculate.  The Greens are a little rough as it looks like they have recently been punched.Of course the fairways are in great shape because you can't drive on a number of them.  I don't know if this is just for a little bit or always.Challenging course but not overly difficult provided you stay out of the sand. There's a couple of water holes so have a water ball prepared if you have a mental 'thing' about water like I do.There's a couple holes where you have to lay up in order to clear waste/desert areas but otherwise not a problem.Would have been nice if the cart were outfitted with GPS / range finders but they weren't.  Thankfully we were playing with a guy who had a range finder.Really nice marshalls and the folks in the pro shop are very helpful.Sadly, didn't get to enjoy the restaurant because of a private event but will return to check that out as I understand it is a good one.
5	Right now my favorite course i have played recently..Beautiful shape,fairways,bunkers, and the greens are rolling great.Love the layout..
1	Gave this course a second try on a Saturday morning-what a mistake! After a 30 minute delay for what I can only describe as starter incompetence, we played in just under 6 hours. What a nightmare! Greens are infested with Poana, a weed grass that makes putts wiggle all over. Over-priced snacks and beverages as well!Update. Played on July 4. I should have been expecting this being a holiday and all, but 6.5 hour rounds are unacceptable. We had a 9:15 tee time, but didn't tee it up till 9:50. I didn't make the tee time, and I'm not one to complain to my buddies. It's not a hard course, either. What is wrong here?
5	This review is about Siena Golf Club's wedding only.We looked all over the valley for the perfect venue and ended up choosing the Siena Golf Club for a number of reasons. It's BEAUTIFUL out there... absolutely gorgeous. The food is great and the venue is large. They had one of the biggest dance floors in the bigger ballroom which was super important to me. I felt that it was also reasonably priced compared to some other golf clubs. They really worked with us with our budget.I found that the pricing of Siena for the wedding was pretty competitive for what you get with other venues in Vegas.  It wasn't on the low end, but it also wasn't on the high end.   Right in the middle (which in my opinion, is a good value for the high end feel you get at the venue). The service we got was just outstanding. We began our journey at Siena with one wedding coordinator. About a month and a half before the big day, that coordinator left and we got a new one, Rachel. I was totally apprehensive at first since we'd been working with the previous coordinator for about a year. But our first meeting with Rachel we hit if off right away. She was super responsive and laid back - so easy to get along with. She totally achieved the look and feel of what we were looking for... our wedding was sooo beautiful. The day had many blunders, such as pillars on the ceremony lawn falling down due to the wind, wedding logo placement, a lost sand ceremony set and slideshow DVDs - but honestly, nothing became a problem because Rachel took care of everything. One thing I noticed is that she was really great with all of our guests and our wedding party (especially my little ring bearer and flower girl!). My hard to impress mom was even impressed with her. Honestly, I feel like it was meant to be that the previous coordinator left! In addition to the coordinator, the rest of the staff that night was awesome. The bartender made our drinks delicious and strong, food was served timely and was tasty, and everyone had a great time.  The entire staff worked so hard for us... I can't thank them enough!
3	I've probably played about 20ish rounds here over the past 4 or so years...  just played one today (Sunday).  I have mixed opinions on the place.  Wish I could give it 2.5 stars, but that isn't an option.  It's definitely a decent course, not too long (about 6800 from the tips), and typically in good shape (4/5).  It's the sister course to Arroyo at Red Rock, and in my opinion a nicer layout, a touch more difficult, and usually slightly better conditioned.  We payed $35 (casino employee rate), and for that price it's hard to complain....although when you can play Lexington at Revere for $42, Rio Secco for $45 (book through their website for best rates), and Bear's Best for $50.... it would be one of my last choices... and it was... we booked the time one day in advance, and no where else had a tee time before 10am.  We were scheduled for 6:40am.... and because of slow play, ended up teeing off around 6:55.  The round took about 5 hrs and 15 min.  TOO LONG!!!  My biggest complaint about the place... and one of the main reasons we hardly ever play here anymore, is that they book tee times every 7 minutes.  When you consider the average player that plays this course is probably a 20+ handicap, they need to book times at least 10 minutes apart.  I mean seriously... we were probably the 6th or 7th group of the day, and you're already 15 minutes behind?  Come on man!! The course itself is well layed out.  The houses in the development aren't right on top of the course.  When they let the rough grow a little it definitely gives the course a little difficultly.    Water plays on probably 3 or 4 holes.  I honestly have no clue what out-of-towners would pay here.... but I have to imagine it's a lot cheaper than the "nicer" courses around town.  If it's not..... I'd skip it.  Just be prepared for a 5 to 5 1/2 hour round.... you ALWAYS wait here.
1	This is a gorgeous 4/5 star quality course managed & run like a $20 a round muni.  I had 1:05 tee time.  @ 110pm, they still didnt have a cart for me....$50 rentals......Beat up Nikes...No callaway, taylormade, or TitleistTee off @ 120.  we re a 3-some. Finish Hole 1.  Get to Hole 2.  Four Groups on Hole 2................Paid $97 to play.  Got in only 14 Holes in 4hr 45 mins.Horrible.  Andy who i talked to, he didnt care.You can do better.  Great Courses require great management and service.  Overbooking on a course where players pay in the $100 range is a disgrace and a disservice.
2	This review is based on the siena golf club reception hall. I went here for a wedding for a family friend, and had high hopes because of where it is located. BIG MISCONCEPTION. The two star review is due to over cooked food, and poor service. I arrived at the wedding reception by 4pm and was told by staff that dinner and what not would begin by 5pm. Now, I understand having to wait because of all kinds of reasons but 7pm is just wrong in my opinion. Even the kids were beginning to fall asleep. The waiting area to enter the reception hall was nicely decorated but small and lacked seats leaving most guests to stand or go outside. When we did get to sit and eat we were served family style where one big dish comes out and you serve yourself. The chicken dish had far too much soy sauce and I can't even remember the name it was that bad. The pasta dish that came out was cold and thin sauced. One example of service, our table was to have 8 seats, only 7 were set up, so, we asked 3 servers for a chair and plate, and finally one of us grabbed a chair which proceeded with the last server giving a plate and silver ware.The saving grace was the location because it is beautiful out on the golf course and reception hall.
4	Great course for the money. I feel like they do a better job at Arroyo in terms of playing conditions but all in all not bad. Great scenic holes and friendly staff. Go there early to hit some complimentary range balls on your day of play and dont forget the tip the guys wiping your clubs after your round of golf!
5	This golf couse is located just 5 minutes from where we live and it is always convenient and pleasant to go out an hit a few golf balls. We have never had to wait for a tee time and we love the restaurant for weekend breakfast. The servers are pleasant and friendly. Beautiful grounds and pleasant staff.
4	Great course to play. I will be back for sure!
5	Awesome course, very challenging holes. Fried chicken wrap in the restaurant was AMAZING!
5	I might as well call this my second home because I play Siena GC more than any other course in Las Vegas. Very challenging course with a breathtaking view of the valley. Please visit Tony Lenzie (GM) and his staff the next time you're in town and he will be sure to take care of all of your golf needs. He took really good care of my clients last time we visited.
5	I give this place 5 stars because from the range to the shop to the course it's all around amazing. $55 for a round for a resident.....excellent deal. Their driving range is amazing and I would definitely recommend coming here for a great experience. Get private lessons from Andy Elliott. Nicest guy in the world and really knows the game. I highly recommend getting lessons from him because he will change your game! Great place, food, and atmosphere.
1	We checked out this venue last week for our Nov 2014 wedding, only for them to tell us that we needed an appointment for a walk through.  We had an appointment there today to check out the venue and the planner double booked us, we even drove quite a ways to check it out. We sat around like birdies around our heads waiting for someone to assists us.   We walked out & won't look back. First impressions are what matter most, and a good one they did not make. Sorry Siena but you lost our service along with the 150 guests we have. Too bad..
3	I have played here a lot.  Always enjoy it. The Fairways are looking a little ruff right now. Great food and Resturant.   Had lunch in the dinning room. Chicken pita salad was very good.
4	Excellent conditions on this course.  Both fairways and greens were in great shape and our round was under four hours.  I would have given five stars but our cart was dying on the way back in, the attendant said the batteries are being replaced soon.  Very challenging but beautifull layout with lots of desert carry and slick greens.
