4	So anyway, I walk into the laundry room and there's water coming down through a drywall ceiling. Nuts.I needed help today and the very 1st plumber I called was booked up but suggested I give these guys a call.  For starters, their phone people were off the hook professional and very, very nice. They advised that they could have someone out between noon and 2 PM and sure enough, their guy showed up on time.He found and repaired the issue in less than 2 hours and the total bill was under $125.00When their tech left, he gave me a business card and for once, I actually kept it for future use although, if luck is with me, I won't need a plumber for a long, long time.I would recommend them.
1	So our valves were leaking above our washing machine and we needed to get them replaced. Before we had remembered we had a home warranty we called Plumbing Medic to come fix them so we could use our new washer and dryer. The guy came out same day and looks at the valves for about a minute before explaining to us what needed to be done. He wanted to cut a hole in our wall under the valves to replace the entire pipe and then the valves on top, and he wanted to charge us $500 to do it. I may be a first time home owner but I know when I am being screwed over, because the minute that I basically said no and that we wont be having this guy fix it, he started dropping his price, eventually all the way down to $300. The last thing he said was "well how much were you expecting to pay?" I didn't have a number in mind but I know when I am being jerked around. If you can't give me your lowest and best price first, don't bother giving me one at all. After he left, we remembered our home warranty and called them. It ended up not being covered by them either, but they did the job for $187.50. And there was no BS about starting high and eventually getting to that price. He straight out charged us a fair price for the work that needed to be done. I just regret calling these guys and having to pay them a service fee for just having someone come out to screw with us.
5	Mike Roberts is informative, knowledgeable, and a consummate professional.  Personable and friendly, fortunate to have him provide plumbing services to our home.
5	Our first experience with Plumbing Medic was when we had a slab leak. The first person, Carlos, to help us was professional, helpful, knowledgeable and honest. I had a small complaint one day when they showed up late, but Mike, who is a manager, was there, and he made it right, and then some. The true test is not when everything goes well, but when there is a complaint. How do they respond? Well, Mike and plumbing medic more than responded well. Even with the late start, they finished the major repair earlier than promised. The job was done professionally, and after drilling into concrete, left the area perfectly clean. And they even did some other repairs and adjustments while they were there. The service after was attentive as well. And the charge for the work was very fair. And yesterday, Mike returned and spent a lot of time, and he was able to fix things that had been done wrong, and were left that way, for years. He was patient, friendly, helpful, honest, and the price was - again - more than fair. And yes, the phone people are friendly and helpful. So, the sum up. Professional, helpful, knowledgeable, honest, competent. Great to deal with. One of the few service companies where I feel safe asking, "Would you take a look at this?" If there's nothing wrong, they'll tell you. If there is something wrong, they'll fix it correctly. And they'll stand by their work.
5	The crew at Plumbing Medic are top notch.  They are all very professional, polite and courteous.  I've never felt that I was being taken advantage of or being upsold on products or services that I didn't need.  Over the past few years,  my house has had so many plumbing problems (thanks to the oleanders) that I am on a first name basis with a few of their employees.  I'm very happy with the services that I have received from them over the last few years and would recommend them to anyone who has plumbing issues.
5	These guys are the best. Reliable and Honest. I've used a lot of plumbers in my real estate business, and no one can touch these guys. Mike Roberts and his crew are totally professional, and above all honest. I only use them now, and highly recommend them.
5	I have had Plumbing Medic do work at my home and commercial building.  The work has always done correctly on time at a great price.
5	Plumbing Medic is a great company with outstanding results. They come prepared and know what you need without overselling you something you don't. I appreciate Mike Roberts professionalism and they run a tight ship here. I would rely on them for my plumbing needs.
5	I've used these guys once for an emergency water heater replacement, once for a toilet upgrade, and once again for a water filtration system. These guys do it all, and are so great to deal with!  Super friendly, clean, and professional. They actually roll out a red carpet and put booties over their shoes when they enter your house!!  Another side note, I was able to peak into one of their vans. I don't know who organizes them, but WOW!  Their inventory on board rivals that of a Home Depot, which is great if you were to have a plumbing emergency at 3 in the morning when no one else is open.
5	All of the folks at Plumbing Medic are professional and courteous.  From answering the phone to accomplishing the work, it's a easy and reliable process, and I know that I won't have any problems.  They know their stuff.  I feel comfortable calling them for any plumbing need, and recommend them to anyone that is looking for a plumber.
5	I have used this company personally and as a home inspector have recommended them to my clients and everyone has been extremely happy with the results, especially the high level of customer service and their reasonable prices.  I would encourage anyone needing plumbing services to give these guys a try, you will not be disappointed!!
2	We called this company on sunday and they responded really fast & prompt. The issue was that both of our  MOEN shower pressure valves(cartridges) needs to be replaced and their estimate is $594. I called around the companies who are licensed and bonded to take this at $250. The technician is extremely disappointed with our decision to not go forward and we wonder why he did that!!
5	Mike at Plumbing Medic was great to work with.  I had them do some work at my mother-in-laws homes.  They keep me informed as to what they were doing and how much it would cost.  They did a great job at a great price.
5	Carlos and Chuck came by for an annual inspection of our whole plumbing system.  They were both very helpful and knowledgeable.  Carlos was able to retrieve a diamond ear ring my wife dropped down the bathroom sink.  Carlos helped us in the past with a broken water heater.  He fixed the water heater as well as doing the research to discover that we were still under warranty with the manufacturer.Chuck did a complete inspection of our water softener and RO system.  He discovered that Sears had set up our water softener incorrectly last year and we had hard water coming in to the house.  We will definitely use Plumbing Medic in the future.
5	I had two plumbing issues that Plumbing Medical took care of for me.    First was a small issue where I had a leak under my kitchen sink.  Apparently the disposal was starting to detach from the sink and started to leak.  They had it fixed in no time.  The other issue was going to be a huge problem, or so I thought.  One of our bathroom toilets started to have problems.  Mike at Plumbing Medic quickly discovered that the roots of the tree in our front yard were growing into and up our pipe.  They even showed me a picture of the roots. They cut them out and took care of the issue with ease, and did so at a good price too.  Great service.  I will use them again if I have any future plumbing problems.
5	Great job Craig! Went above and beyond. Thanks so much
5	Our Realtor recommended Plumbing Medic to us when we moved here about 2.5 years ago.  Work done has ranged from a new garbage disposal, replacing all the connecting water lines , to a new water heater a couple days ago.  Our primary contacts have been with Darrell and most recently Matthew.  Both of these guys have been absolutely terrific.  Their response times have always been good; the support staff always calls if they are running a little early or late for your appointment.  What I appreciate most is that I could come home and never even know they were there - the work is done right and everything is put back exactly the way they found it.  Pricing has always been fair and thoroughly explained prior to doing the job.
5	After calling about 15 plumbers in the valley I stumbled upon Plumbing Medics through yelp and I am so glad I did. From the warm greeting I received from the dispatcher (Tammi) to the top notch customer service Carlos E. provided I highly recommend Plumbing Medics. Carlos came out to my house within an hour of my initial phone call. He was kind, courteous, and patient with all my questions. He explained everything he was doing and gave me a breakdown of all the repairs I would need in order of priority. After Carlos left and I called the dispatcher with some "after thought" questions. I was patched right through to Carlos and he was great answering my additional questions. He told me I could call again and he would be happy to help any way he could. I am sold! These guys are the real deal. Thank you so much Plumbing Medics!
5	Francisco, the plumber who was dispatched, was right on time, polite, efficient, explained the problem and how to best solve it. He was very professional, clean, organized and did an excellent job. I would highly recommend Plumbing Medic for any plumbing needs. I will definitely use them again in the future.
5	We had Plumbing Medic come out today to fix the problem with our dishwasher air gap and how it was leaking water every time the dishwasher would cycle through dumping water into the garbage disposal.  I already paid another plumber to fix this problem only to find that he didn't fix it.  Francisco was able to come out within two hours of my call to the office.Francisco came by today and noticed right away that the tube was bent because it wasn't the proper length and so it was forcing the water that was draining up through the air gap on top of the sink instead of into the garbage disposal.  He also checked out our water heater and quoted me on what it would cost to replace our old one with one that is up to code.  While the dishwasher was running, he checked out the water heater and water pressure of our pipes. The dishwater/air gap problem is solved and it actually had nothing to do with the air gap!  We also received some valuable information about our water heater and water pressure which is a preventative cost!Thank you for your care and help resolving this problem.  We will be using Plumbing Medic again when we have another plumbing problem!
5	I called plumbing medic after my new water heater of 14 months stopped working. I was surprised how nice and professional the lady who scheduled the appointment. Carlos came the same day and changed an element out for me. Unfortunately, I still did not have hot water! I called back and Carlos returned the next day promising me heater and he stayed true to his word. He gave me his number to update him if the water heater would not work. He was kind, professional, and true to his word. Give this man a raise!
5	Clogged drain, not any more!!! These guys are awesome, clean, fast and efficient and at a great price to boot. Being in the service industry myself, I don't know how they keep their trucks as clean as they do, Great Job and as always Thanks.
5	Very professional, kind people!!! I called plumbing medic to get a second opinion on a leak I had in my house. Mike came out to my place within a couple hours. Not only was their solution more cost effective, but he worked with my insurance adjuster to make sure the whole process went smoothly. When they came out to fix the leak, they were quick and precise. Highly recommended!!
5	Awesome job! Very professional.
5	We had an annoying situation, and had to live with all of our water being off.  In the morning, we called the Plumbing Medic, and a very polite dispatcher said that they would send someone out in 60-90 minutes.  Well, 45 minutes later, Francisco came out.  He was dressed in a uniform, put covers on his feet so he wouldn't scratch our floor, was polite and patient, and extremely patient.  And most of all, he quickly solved our problem, and then took a look at a few other issues that we had around the house.If all businesses were run like Plumbing Medic, and all service people were like Francisco, the world would be a better place.  I would not hesitate to use them again.
3	They were very responsive when I had a complaint. It all ended well
5	I called Plumbing Medic Saturday because I couldn't finish the toilet repair work I had started myself. Carlos came to my home quickly and fixed the problem for me. He was so professional and knowledgeable! I was so happy with his work and professionalism that I decided to have this company come back and install 2 new toilets in my home.Carlos and his coworker, Karl, showed up right on time today to install my new toilets.  I cannot say enough good about these two. Again, extremely professional behaviors from both of these guys. Installed the toilets in a very timely fashion. They then drained my water heater for me. Luckily, that is in good shape. I inquired about a water softener and Carlos was very informative. I decided to have one installed. Carlos and Karl are returning to my home Friday to do just that!I'm a single woman and let me tell you, these guys are the best service persons I have ever had in my home. I felt extremely comfortable with these guys in my home. It was not at all awkward or uncomfortable. (Single ladies, you know what I mean).Carlos and Karl are true assets to Plumbing Medic! They are professional, knowledgeable, and really listened to what I said. At no time did I feel pressured into buying the toilets and water softener. It was my own informed decision. I appreciated their honesty in telling me I don't need a water heater at this time. They could have easily taken advantage of the situation, but didn't. For that, I am so grateful!I highly recommend Plumbing Medic. Even their office staff that I have spoken with, Tammy and Linda, were so kind, knowledgeable, and willing to help me. Hire these folks for ALL your plumbing needs. Put their number in your phone right now so you have it handy when either you or someone you know needs plumbing work done. You won't be disappointed.No, I am NOT related to nor do I know anyone from Plumbing Medic personally. I am a REAL customer that is very pleased that I came across this exceptional company.Thank you Carlos, Karl, Tammy, and Linda!
1	My husband and I are extremely displeased with this company. A little over 6 months ago we were shopping around for a plumbing company to plumb our house for soft water. The rep from Plumbing Medic (who has since been fired) convinced us to not buy a water softener but to just buy a home filter. He said after a couple of months we would not only notice the mineral deposits disappear but that internally the filter would be cleaning and preventing any mineral buildup. After 6 months with no change and after talking to a few friends we realized that the system they sold us was not working for our needs. We called the company, learned the rep had been fired, and that someone else would come out to help us. The new rep tried to tell us that the system was working perfectly and didn't see why we had a problem. He said all the mineral buildup in our plumbing was from before the system was in place. Our house is a new build so that's pretty much impossible. After being absolutely no help, my husband insisted on being put into contact with a manager. The manager called a few days later and pretty much said "what do you want me to do?" But not in a helpful way, more in a like I don't see the problem way. The manager didn't show up to the appointment we set and when we tried to call the office we were told he was in North Phoenix and would not be able to come out until later that evening. So much for setting an appointment! When he finally came out a week and a half later he said they could remove the system and refund us and then the bid they gave us for a softener was CRAZY high. We called other plumbing companies and were told the job could be done for about a quarter of the price plumbing medic had given us. Then when we called to say to remove the system but we're going with another company the manager told us he could not give us a full refund because of the work they did initially. We had to negotiate to get more money back, but they refused to give us a full refund. We were told on the day of removal the company would write us a check. Before the plumber got to our house their office called and said that they would credit our credit card. A half hour later the office called again and said they could not credit our card and would be mailing a check instead. My husband had to fight to get them to personally deliver a check that ended up not being the amount we were expecting. (About 15 dollars less than what we should have received). This company is SUPER unprofessional, has not put us as the consumer first, and has tried to rip us off countless times. We will never use them again.
5	Jesse was the tech. Nice, respectful and thorough.Took extra effort to do a few unnoticed little things like tightening loose screws in vicinity of the clogged drain.Mike was service manager...he worked with me on cost of my repairs.Overall I'm very happy with service.
5	AMAZING!!!!  We had them give us a second opinion on a huge home repair job (tree roots wrapped around our sewer pipes.)  Their bid was much cheaper, their timeline was much faster, and their work was A+. And...as a bonus...tree did not have to be removed.  Frank & Jesse, strong work!!!!
1	I got a price quote to compare to plumbing medic and it came out nearly half of what Plumbing Medic wanted to charge for a simple job.  Use EZ Flow Plumbing/Scott.I will never call these guys again, hope this was helpful to someone!
5	Called about 10 companies to see who could help us the same day. These were the only guys who could, and they squeezed me in to accommodate us. Our garbage disposal was cracked so they needed to replace it, they gave us two replacement options which was nice. They came when they said they would, went out of their way to accommodate us and were very professional from start to finish.
5	I've used Plumbing Medic to replace my RO system and to repair a plumbing issue I just had. Both times they did a great job, very fast response and the plumbers were really good guys. Hopefully I won't have any plumbing issues anytime soon but I'll be calling Plumbing Medic if I do.
5	Plumbing medics, you guys rock. My termite man hit a water line in my garage floor they were out within hours, had it fixed within hours. Very happy with a quick response , turn around time and of course the price for the work that was done.
5	Edward was very friendly and performed my garbage disposal installation with excellent knowledge of all of the little things that make the installation successful. He did a superb job and performed all of the testing needed to demonstrate success. He deserves our highest praise.
5	Plumbing Medic is an amazing company, they're reliable, prompt, & very reasonably priced. We work closely with this company as well as use them for our needs at home. I would highly recommend this company to anybody & I do!!
