4	So we were looking for a new to us vehicle and we searched high and low. Craigslist, dealers, auto weekly ads. You named it, we browsed it.We weren't in a rush to buy a vehicle because we were looking for the right vehicle for us within our budget. However, I was getting a little tired and frustrated. I was tired of looking and looking and looking some more. I was almost at the point to where we weren't going to find a vehicle in our budget that was up to our standards. I thought I was asking for too much for too little. Or at least everyone started to make me feel that way.But then during a random search, my man found the website for Executive Auto and found a vehicle. Based on the pictures, the quality and price the vehicle was, I thought it was too good to be true. So we rushed to their lot. A little place on Industrial behind Stratosphere. As we were driving over there, we were surprised at the number of little lots we were passing. Who knew? We surely didn't. So we get there and I test drive the vehicle and instantly fall in love.  It was a little out of price range and we were hoping to be able to talk to them down but the price was already too good to be true so there was not much room to bargain with. We were able to talk them down minus sales tax and it was a start and a great deal. One we couldn't pass up. So it being after banking hours, I wasn't able to pull all the cash out of the bank. So we left a $500 deposit. I returned the next day with the remaining cash I had and due for the car minus the sales tax. They were going to let me take the vehicle off lot and pay the remainder of the monies owed in the next few days. I came back with the money owed a few days later and had green slip in hand and went my way to DMV. It is a husband and wife who own this lot and the wife makes up for customer service what the husband lacks. The husband is all business. They were friendly and easy to work with and offered me a great vehicle at a great price.It has been almost a month and we have had no issues with our vehicle to date. It is in the condition as promised. They had plenty of vehicles on their lot, and if you are in the business of looking for a new used car, then at least check out their website. You have absolutely nothing to lose.
2	I would avoid this place. First off I was looking for a car to get as a gift for my sister, so I saw a volkswagen beetle on there lot I was so excited that I decided i will stop by and ask for questions about. Sure enough the guy there which I dont remember his name gave us a test drive so everything was good until the end which he decided to leave for some reason had more important things to do and left us with his daughter/wife Wow she was one of the rudest persons ever. I was asking questions about financing a car when all of a sudden she just started getting an attitude and talking in a very loud voice. So i decided to leave and warn people about this place.
1	Worst place on earth!!!! So stop by a few days ago I ask the guy to show me a few cars  he told me I give you the keys go look at it !!!!he didn't even wanted to sell it to me even tho I have money lol after looking around I did found something I liked a audi I came back and they both where eating subway at the desk where they help their customers bahahaha so Nasty!!!! and he quoted for me at 10500 the next day when I called she told me another price , even tho I did explain her I was there the day before and they told me other price any ways I can expect anyone to do business with people that are not interested on a clean environment and professionalism
1	This is the first time I have been to a dealership that requires you to run a credit app in order to look and test drive a vehicle, and according to the manager 90% of credit apps get denied or have too big of a down payment, that's fine I will take my business elsewhere and I'm glad I didn't drive that car you probably would have blamed me for the vehicle not having coolant in the car and  causing it to overheat.
5	I had the best experience with executive auto. When no other car dealership would give me a chance, executive auto did. I was approved in literally 1 minute. The easiest financing I have ever had. I bought a 2006 BMW 525i. I paid it off in a year. No problems with the car ever. I have recommended them to all friends and family. I will definitely be a returning customer.
5	I bought 2 cars from this dealership in the past 2 years without any problems at all. Initially l was a little septic because of the low prices but turned out to be one of the least expensive dealers in Las Vegas. I will return if needed and send everybody their way. Great experience with no pressure to buy what so ever !
