4	Went here for lunch today. I got the Greek Wrap with pesto tofu (hold the olives, please!); delicious! $5 for the wrap, $2 more for two sides and a drink. They seem to be emphasizing organic and natural food and they gave me a compostable plastic bag to hold everything when I asked. Better value and food than Subway (the next closest place to get a sanwich) hands down.
5	I don't dole out 5 stars very often, and even rarer for only having one item off their menu--but it's worth your time and money to come to this food stand if you're a UW student, staff or faculty member.The food is fresh, good, and healthy without sacrificing anything on taste. The woman who took my order today was lively and nice--exactly what you'd want your service to be like.I had a honey mustard chicken wrap and it's a very simple dish. Literally, just some lettuce, some cucumbers (or pickles--couldn't tell the difference), and some chicken with honey mustard in a wrap. But the wrap was a good portion size (especially for $5), filling, and delicious! The chicken was incredibly moist and tender, which made it all the tastier.I'll most definitely be back. Especially as someone who wants to lose some weight, Good Food is great for that quick to-go food without feeling guilty.Just a head's up though: Good Food only takes cash and is open from 11am-2pm. But if you can get in during that time, sosososo worth it.
5	Delicious and FAST! Unique flavors on traditional wraps. I love the homemade balsamic vin on the greek hummus wrap. And you must Try the thai tofu - the peanut sauce is so good.
5	Good Food is amazing! We need more places that realize that customers WANT to eat healthily. Good Food provides healthy and tasty food at a great price and in a convenient manner- right off the street! The owner is awesome and is always working to make new tasty creations for her customers. The ingredients are always fresh and local too! I had a tasty salad and my boyfriend grabbed a bag of trail mix. There are always wraps available and new soups all the time, yummy!
5	The temperature on my car's dashboard read 97 degrees as I pulled up to the capitol square hungry for lunch to go.  I definitely wasn't looking for a steaming bowl of chili.  I stumbled upon good food for no other reason that it happened to be close to where I parked my car.  Browsing the menu, it hit me how delicious a wrap or a salad would be on this scorching hot summer day.  The thai tofu sounded excellent and a woman standing next to me was chowing down a wrap filled with a very generous portion of the stuff.  I asked her how it was and she started raving about how much she loves the thai tofu and gets it all the time.  She loved it so much that she couldn't even take a break from eating, instead describing it to me as she went at it.  But, I was torn.  A salad called strawberry love was calling my name.  I had to try it, and let me just say, I'm in love with strawberry love.  This was hands down one of best salads I have ever had in my life.  I was nervous about a salad from a cart given the searing temperatures, but the mixed greens were crisp and fresh.   Now, a salad can only be a great meal if it is a) big, and b) has lots of stuff in it.  This one certainly fit the bill.  The salad completely filled the large bowl it came in along with my stomach once the bowl was empty.    Generous portions of feta cheese, sliced strawberries, and crunchy roasted almonds meant this was no boring salad.  I elected not to have red onions.  There were several protein options, and I went with the chicken, which was piled high on top.  Dressing was a house made vinaigrette and it was excellent.  You won't find something with this much flavor on a shelf at woodman's.  I requested very light dressing and to have the salad tossed.  This was done correctly and quickly with a smile.  I got all of this for about $7 and they even take credit card!As I ate my salad, the owner, Melanie emerged from her trailer to talk to me about her food.  It's obvious that she is passionate about what she is doing.  A lot of businesses use buzzwords like local, organic, natural, etc. for marketing purposes.  For Melanie, it's not just a buzzword; it's a way of life.  She knows about the farmers where she sources her produce.  She cares about the miles her food travels not only because of its impact on the environment but also because lettuce that travels less is crisper; locally sourced strawberries picked at the peak of perfection instead of ripened in a refrigerator car are sweeter.  The chickens themselves, the farmers who raise them, the employees who prepare them, and the customers who eat them; Melanie cares about her food chain every step of the way.  It goes way beyond mere marketing.  The end result is a cart that has a misnomer name.  Good Food isn't good; it's spectacular!  I will certainly be back very soon (I still gotta try that thai tofu!) and I would highly recommend this place to anyone who asked.
5	The chicken tortilla soup was beyond incredible.The staff was friendly, efficient, and good-looking.
5	Heck yeah! This little food cart is sooo delicious! The Sweet Thai Chili wrap is definitely worth trying! Also, the soups are fantastic to warm you on a cold day. There is always a line, so get there early. Also, you can order a super huge container to take some home with you! The Vegan Dahl is one of my favorites!
5	This is my go-to food cart in Madison.  The food is delicious, the veggies crisp and tasty.The sweet Thai chili is my favorite (as wrap or salad), but everything I've tried is good.What soups I've had are fantastic.  My only complaint is that you need to arrive early (by noon?) if you want a chance to get some.
4	I tried the Good Food cart at New Belgium's Brewery's Clips of Faith event at Olin Park. I have to say, Good Food was great!I tried the Sweet Thai Chili wrap. As other Yelpers have mentioned, it's definitely worth trying. Sometimes I'm wary of wraps because they can be too dry and have too much tortilla, but this wrap had a nice amount filling and sauce, and I didn't have to rip off half the tortilla like I usually do with a wrap. It was very flavorful and I could tell that the ingredients were very fresh. The addition of fresh basil leaves was a nice surprise! I will definitely check out Good Food again!
4	Reading another Yelper's review reminded me that I just had my first opportunity to sample Mel's munchies (Melanie owns the Good Food Cart)!Kudo's to the GFC crew for feeding the masses that attended Clips of Faith. Last year's food offerings were a colossal disaster; lines were a mile long and the food wasn't anything to write home about. All of that changed in 2013, thanks to Good Food Cart! The menu looked awesome; I basically threw a mental dart at the chalkboard and selected the Sweet Thai Chili Wrap, to which I added chicken. It was priced extremely fair and was ready in no time. They have an awesome system in place; no confusion, no mistakes, and truly speedy.The wrap was stuffed full - and by stuffed, I mean shut-the-front-door-stuffed. Uber fresh and tasty ingredients; the lettuce was crunchy and crisp. The shredded carrot was slightly sweet and crunchy. The sauce was flavorful, with just a touch of heat. The peanut sauce was an excellent addition, as was the basil. And the chicken was superb - super high quality, and cooked perfectly, with nary a dry piece in the entire wrap.Wonderful stuff. I wish I worked closer to downtown so that I could visit GFC on a regular basis. I will definitely seek them out whenever I'm in the area!
5	Overview: Preachy, but tasty. Hits: Black bean hummus wrap/salad.  Perfect flavor balance.Misses: Long lines at prime lunch time....but that is a good sign. Hints: You can bypass the line and have it delivered.
5	Fantastic!! There are several food carts to choose from around the Capitol and this one by far is the BEST! Whether you want a wrap, salad or soup, vegetarian, gluten-free or even vegan they have what you are hungry for! The Black bean hummus wrap/salad is my favorite. They also have sides to pick from. If you want something salty they have baked chips or if you are looking for something a little more healthy they have fresh fruit. Don't forget the afternoon snack and get one of their "Just Baked Cookies". There usually is a long line but that is just because they are so popular for lunch! If you have an office luncheon I would recommend their catering! Next time you are in Madison around the capitol square looking for a healthy tasty lunch try the Good Food Cart. You will not be disappointed!
5	So good!  Very efficient service, good customer service.I got the Buffalo chicken wrap. It was delicious definitely going back.
5	Delicious food and great service.  My friend came specifically for the loaded baked potato soup today but they were all out...except for a spoonful at the bottom of the bowl which they dressed up nicely with fixings and gave to my friend - her day was made.
5	Used her as a catering company at the last minute for a large group of diverse eaters.  The food was delicious and the service was great.  I would highly recommend Good Food and would use them again anytime.
5	Best food cart in the city.  I am so lucky that it is parked right outside my building downtown.  Sweet Thai Chili Wrap sandwich is AMAZING!  The soups are absolutely delicious.
5	DAT SWEET THAI CHILI WRAP DOE. I don't know what they put in that sauce, but it may as well be crack. Whole grain tortilla. Baked tofu, Mixed veggies (greens, tomato, red onion, cucumber, shredded carrots). Fresh basil. Fresh cilantro. Sweet chili sauce and peanut sauce. IT'S LIKE A 1980'S RAVE IN MY MOUTH.Bonus fact: Good Food delivers. I don't even have to get out of my pajamas to enjoy this deliciousness. Score.
5	I'm with Izzy D! (Natch.) Their Sweet Thai Chili Wrap is probably one of my favorite things on the menu (when temps are warmer and they're not serving chicken and dumpling soup that is). That sauce... ohhhhhhhhhhh that sauce! I sort of want to ask them for extra so I can dip my delicious wrapped pleasure into a big bowl of the tangy sweet stuff, but I don't want to take too much if it off their hands, nobody else would be able to enjoy it.I go sans red onion (you can pretty much personalize any wrap, any salad, anyway) which means my whole grain wrap packs fresh greens, tomatoes, cucumber, carrots, chicken (though you can sub tofu), cilantro, probably some things I'm forgetting because ALL I CAN THINK ABOUT IS THAT SAUCE! It's delicious, and I feel good about eating it. Now as part of their Power Lunch option, you can get a smaller version of your favorite wrap or salad with a side of fruit for $7. That's sort of insane when you consider it's great fruit. Not lame ass melon, but raspberries, grapes, blackberries, watermelon, pineapple...! Don't be afraid if you spot the cart and the line looks long, they move quick! I think I waited 6 minutes today for my lunch, not bad when you consider it was prepared fresh to order with stellar ingredients. Add to this the fact that they deliver, and there's really no reason to not give them a whirl sometime soon. Lovely people and flavorful food. Good food!
5	I eat here regularly and have never had anything that wasn't delicious. And the staff are super-friendly. It's always crowded, but they're pretty quick considering the crowd. My favorites are the Strawberry Love Salad and the Buffalo Chicken Salad. Their soups are delightful as well.
5	I cannot get enough of Good Food.  I have tried many items on the menu and have always absolutely loved them.  Favorites include the Strawberry Love salad/wrap and the Thai Chili wrap/salad. A healthy food truck option on the square with the highest quality, fresh ingredients is so awesome compared to a lot of food trucks that are less healthy, fried, etc.  I look forward to days when I forget my lunch or want something different - I usually get a Good Food salad and eat outside in the summer, there is nothing better.  So tasty. Also, the owner is SO NICE!!!  She is a total rockstar. Service is quick so don't let the long line fool you - it speaks to how loved it is!
5	Had lunch today and my oh my how delicious it was! My first time at the cart and I ordered the sweet thai chili wrap with tofu. That sweet and spicy peanut sauce is absolutely swingin'!!  I very much appreciated the quality of ingredients, making my lunch especially fresh. My  companion had the turkey club wrap and said it was very tasty as well.  If you can't make it to the square, they do offer delivery through the Mr. Delivery service.  Make this your next lunch destination. You will not be disappointed.
5	Wow, the wraps here are AMAZING! We got the california wrap with tofu and it was absolutely delicious! Next time I'm in Madison, I'm definitely coming back here to try their other wraps!
5	I lived in Madison last summer for an internship in the square and luckily found this place. Good Food has by far the best lunches I have ever had, not even exaggerating. I still routinely crave their wraps and salads and this place is on my list of many reasons why I would consider moving back. Sweet Thai Chili Wrap how I miss you so :'(
5	Only had a few minutes for lunch when we arrived in Madison and found Good Food on yelp. The reviews are spot on! You know it's a good food truck when it's the only one with a line. Loved the sweet potato salad (added grilled chicken) and was impressed that a fruit bowl (with good fruit- not just melon) was only $2! Definitely recommend and hope to make it back while we are in town.
5	Love me some GOOD FOOD!  Never had a bad meal from GF.  The prices are quite reasonable with the amount/quality of ingredients you receive.  Highly recommend the Sweet Thai Chili Wrap.The line can get long, but the service is quick and ALWAYS delivered with a smile!
5	having sweet thai chilli wrap. It's really awesome taste is so good, portion is a bit big for me but I can divided for next meal hahahah. I surely go back !
5	Good Food is one of my favorite things about working on the square. The food is consistently fantastic. The line can get long, but it's worth the wait. The service is always quick and friendly. Plus, they take credit cards, which is always a plus in my book.
5	Everything they make is incredible. I've been consuming gallons of their soup. Seriously, some of the best soup around. Last week I tried the Chicken Tortilla soup, and it blew my mind. Plus, the people who work that cart are super friendly. I've only been to the cart near the Walgreen's on Cap Square, but I reckon the food is equally delicious at their other location.Worth the praise. Top-notch, y'all.
5	Great food!  Always the busiest food cart on the square!
