1	This Subway is the absolute worst! The staff of this place is so strange. They have the weirdest people working at this location. They are so creepy that I will never go back, This Subway is close to my house and I go out of my way several miles to go to another location. They all seem annoyed when you come into the store, half of them are usually in front of the store smoking. When they make your food, they sloppily throw it together, this place sucks! Do yourself a favor, go to another location. I have tried to contact the owners to tell them how uncomfortable the staff makes people feel but can't seem to find a phone number.
2	Completely remodeled inside in the last few weeks. Still has the odd way that you have to line up to order, and the same staff. It just looks newer/cleaner.And its still just Subway.
4	Friendly staff!
3	First time at this location. They have a smaller counter area than most, but service was quick. Person that rang up our order was friendly. Looked very clean. Will go there again.
1	My roommate and I have managed to stay away from this location for about a year or so, actually driving out of our way to another location if we want to eat Subway. Unfortunately, my roommate gave in to convenience and brought home subs from this one. Even before anything was unwrapped, I just knew it was going to be awful, and I was right.I'm sorry, but these people have either never been trained on how to make subs, or they've been instructed by the owners to be as skimpy as possible with the toppings. The lettuce was lightly sprinkled on, as if you might add a dash of oregano. At first I thought it had been forgotten! Couldn't detect any crunch whatsoever. I had to open it to find out if there was any on there. There were maybe eight pieces of black olives on the entire footlong sandwich! Even the tomatoes were skimped on by a couple pieces (compared to EVERY OTHER SUBWAY I'VE EVER BEEN TO). So really, our sandwiches were  practically just lumps of wadded up meat and cheese, slathered with a little mayo on bread. This is NOT good to me at all, and not what I want or expect from Subway. We shouldn't have to pay for this garbage! So why am I SO incredibly angry right now? James is an a**-h*le and was incredibly rude to my roommate on the phone when he politely called to complain and get the situation rectified. He downright refused to allow him to speak to a manager (or have the manager call him later) and only offered to replace half of my pathetically-made footlong. What about my son's 6"? The half of my footlong that I did eat? (I was going to bring the other half so they can see how badly it was made.) We were hungry. Are we really expected to stop eating (while very hungry), jump in the car and hurry over there during rush-hour? No, that's not good customer service. We weren't looking for anything extra either, even though it's a pain to drive back to a restaurant because of something they did wrong. We just wanted what we paid for. Why are all the other Subways we've been to consistently good and this one consistently sucks? Not the first bad experience with James either (all-around bad attitude) but certainly the last time we spend a dime at this franchise.We will be talking to corporate about this.
