4	Not true Taiwanese food from Yong Kang..  but a mix between Taiwanese, Cantonese, Japanese and lots of alcohol.   It is pretty pricey, but worth it if you want authentic good  Taiwanese/Cantonese/Japanese food.   I recommend the Taiwanese beef soup noodles!
5	A small "streetside" cafe inside the Paris serving a variety of Asian Dim Sum, noodles, veges, and soups.  Fast, hot and delicious. We really enjoyed it!
5	The owners of the infamous Din Tai Fung dumpling house family chain now has a  noodle house in Las Vegas! I didn't connect the two until I saw the picture of Taiwan on their wall and it says Din Tai Fung in small letters. I asked the manager and he confirmed. TAIWANESE BEEF NOODLE SOUP SPICYFinally! A noodle place inside a big hotel! I liked this bowl a lot. Late night, good slurpy soup, good and comforting. The flavors are also on point.  Beef was nice and tender, broth dark and flavorful but not too rich. The veggies fresh too. Price is high of course at about $13.99 a bowl but I shared it with my friend since we were eating out a lot in Vegas. Soup spoons here are big and deep so it holds a amount of both noodle and broth per bite. I need to get these for home.
4	Newly opened in the Paris hotel in Vegas. Service was very attentive and friendly. They are totally on top of it. The food is amazing and authentic. We started with the spicy won tons in a spicy szechuan sauce. Very very good. Almost as good as my favorite Taiwanese place here in Irvine, A&J. I had the Taiwanese beef noodle soup - a classic. It was perfect. The broth was piping hot, rich, mildly spicy, and had the perfect amount of grease slick on top. Yum!!! The beef was superb and perfectly tender. Basically melted in your mouth. The noodles were perfectly cooked and stayed firm. My boyfriend had the dumpling soup, which was mild in flavor but very satisfying. He really loved the dumplings. They were big and plump with meat. It was the perfect cure for our hangovers. We'll definitely be back.
3	I've been looking for a casual, nice Chinese restaurant on the strip, and realized that now Yong Kang Street Dumpling & Noodle House opened recently. Probably the first place to offer Dim Sum on the strip?We had several Dim Sum items, Taiwanese beef noodle and fried rice. Hmm I have to say, Ping Pang Pong at Gold Coast was better for Dim Sum. Quality was on par but selection is very limited here and of course the price was way higher. Taiwanese beef noodle was far from what I enjoyed in Taiwan. Fried rice? I'll pass.Rather disappointed, but I would still leave 3 stars, for the unique proposition on the strip. We need more like this one.
5	Such a good find! The atmosphere is great. On the "street" in Paris. The food was superb. Try the tempura shrimp soup with udon noodles. It was phenomenal!
3	New Chinese dim sum place inside the Paris Hotel. I'm shocked they have dim sum at this hour.I was forced to eat here while i was waiting for my buddies to arrive at the Paris Hotel.I was pretty impressed and drawn to the place since I noticed they served Dim Sum in the evenings, which is not normal for a Chinese restaurant.I ordered the brown rice, which was so freaking dry i couldn't even eat it with my chopstick, the hagaw and siomai  tasted like they were old, dry and had no flavor. But I did not stop there, since i was already there i decided to have the hong kong style wonton soup which was $14 for freaking soup! The wonton soup had thin noodles which felt like it was never ending, and the wontons had shrimp inside them, the broth was okay nothing special. After i got the bill i had a bad taste in my mouth! The food was pricey and not as good as dim sum restaurants in china town. I felt like we were paying for the ambiance just because it was inside the Paris hotel, The reason why i gave this place a 3 star was because the service was great, not your typical Chinese restaurant that's for sure! If only they cooked like your typical Dim Sum restaurant I would have given them a 4 star.Overall, I may go back to try their other soups, their service was great, ambiance was nice , wonton soup was okay.  i did not enjoy my dim sum at all because it was too pricey and the quality was not good at all.
5	I'm in Las Vegas and found a gem, Yong Kang Street at Paris Hotel & Casino. Great location, across from the Paris hotel elevators. The decor makes you feel like you are sitting on a patio and being able to watch many people passing by. The food.......dim sum carts, noodle soup, fried rice and more! We were 6 people and got a sampling from each section and shared. Great Taiwanese style beef soup!! The servers were fun and interactive too. I will return! Thanks.
1	The worst chinese Japanese food ever!!! Waitress rude from China and refused to speak Chinese! Noodle are not fresh and price for ramen is outrageous! Almost forgot dim sum price - get your platinum card out!
2	I was too lazy to leave the hotel and was craving for Asian food so I decided to try this place since it was convenient.  This place has only been open for a month and it averaged 4 out of 5 stars on Yelp.The wonton soup was very salty and the shredded chicken with ginger sauce was lacking flavor.  The Dim Sum dishes were average but at $6-$8 per Dim Sum dish, it wasn't worth it.Overall, come here if you are desperate for Asian food and lazy to travel to Chinatown (which was our case).
1	Love to try Asian Food at Yongkang Street. But so dissapointedly, service was slow, Hongkong noodle soup was so so salty, dimsum was dry and fried rice just tasteless. Waiting for 5 minutes just for the chnage which short 2 dollars. What a waste of money and time to be at such a nightmare place to eat. Never come back or recommend.
2	long story short, absolutely no reason to go here over noodle asia in the venetian.  tawainese beef noodles was pretty weak.  broth was lacking.wonton noodle soup, same story.  weak broth, only came with 4 wontons.dim sum was subpar.  we tried the bbq pork buns (dry) and the har gow which fell apart.the steamed dumplings were clearly boiled, and they didnt have the mango dessert which was on the menu.
5	We were attracted by the name of the restaurant because it's named after one of the most famous restaurant streets in Taipei, Taiwan. We ordered the beef noodle soup, spicy wonton dumplings, and juicy pork dumplings. ALL delicious! Their beef noodle soup was probably the best I've ever had in the US so far. The downside of this place would be the high price of everything- but they are located in a hotel and the quality of the food is really unbeatable. So I think it's totally worth it!
1	#7 Dandan noodles were ok. Little flour taste to then. Over all ok. The manager shoved me and called me am asshole after waiter spilled and broke glasses on the person I was dinning with!  He could use some anger management courses.
5	Wow!!!!! This place is delicious. The beef noodle soup is my favorite item on the menu. I was very impressed. Everything was fresh and delicious and perfectly spicy. The service was great! This is a great place to go to with all of your friends during your stay!
5	Great food, was eating burgers the last couple of days and it was great to find this place. Love the food and had good spice to it. I order Pork Fried Rice and Pan Fried Dumplings, gotta try the Ramen or Soups next time. It looks like it was curing some hangovers at the next table.
5	We showed up starving for a late supper. Unfortunately, they were out of Thai tea, iced coffee, tea with milk...all of the drinks I really wanted. We ordered a pot of hot green tea and being suuuuper hungry were delighted when a dim sum cart showed up. We got the meatball, the shrimp and pork dumpling and the pork bun. All of them were superb. Hot and fresh and flavorful. I ordered the BBQ pork fried rice an my husband ordered the Taiwanese style spicy beef noodles. My fried rice was out of this world. His soup was awful, bland, the noodles were thick and gooey and the beef was touch and stringy with big chunks of fat. The waiter noticed quickly that he was devouring my meal and had pushed his to the side and was quick to offer to get him something different. He went with the BBQ pork noodles and they were delicious. We left very happy. I almost knocked a star off because of them being out of the drinks we wanted and his awful first soup. But the service was so good and the replacement soup more than made up for the first bowl of soup that was disliked.
3	We wanted to eat light so we chose this place. It is located inside the Paris Hotel Casino and our hostess sat us on the outside edge of the restaurant where we could people watch.I ordered a fish dumping noodle bowl and my wife ordered won ton style soup bowl. We also chose a plate of  mini pork buns when the lady with the dim sum cart rolled by.Overall it was an okay dining experience. Both our soup bowls were very tasty but they were on the small side for pho. Our pork buns were a little dry also. I paid $46 bucks including tip for this mini meal which is on the expensive side for pho, but were in Vegas so....
1	I greatly encourage everyone to avoid this establishment. We had an awful experience here. We came to this restaurant hoping to have some really good food. Unfortunately, that is not what we received. We ordered the BBQ beef noodles, plain beef noodles, and chicken dumplings. Everything was just awful. Our soups had a fishy taste, and the noodles absorbed this old fish taste. The broth in the soups was awful, and reminded us of bland won-ton soup broth. The service was also a bit off. Our server was fine, but the lady that comes around with the cart of dim sum was very rude. She did not try and communicate to us the individual flavors available. Instead, the woman pointed at the various dim sum and stared at us. We tried to ask what flavors were available, and she spoke to us in Chinese. We will never be back. Avoid!
4	I had my doubts about this place coming in. A Taiwanese name for a place that serves Cantonese dim sum and Taiwanese dishes and Japanese ramen? Hmm. Also, I've never had any good authentic Asian food on the strip before. Luckily my doubts quickly went away as we started eating. We each ordered a noodle soup and then got 2 orders of xiao long bao to share. My won ton noodles had a nice light broth and totally hit the spot. I also tried their beef noodle soup broth and it was nice and flavorful (although oily) as well. I didn't try their dim sum, but our other friends who tried it said it was just okay. Their prices are pretty high, but I think you pay for the convenience of it being right at the foot of the elevators at Paris. They also have pretty attentive service for a Chinese restaurant.Comfort food! Just what I needed after a long night of drinking and clubbing.
4	Good food, nice atmosphere and well priced. Even had veggie ramen options, plus all around.
4	Had a few random dim sum dishes as well as the beef noodle soup. Service was fast and though not perfect, pretty good for a "Chinese" restaurant (as others mentioned, they serve a mix of Cantonese, Taiwanese, and even Japanese inspired dishes).Dishes are all probably about 2X as expensive as they would be outside of the Vegas strip, but that just comes with the location.Would add that the server did hover over us while we were trying to write in the tip on the receipts instead of waiting till we were gone to pick it up.
5	Awesome place - dumpling and pasta. The soups are delicious. I definitely recommend this place
3	This place is such a rip off.. There's almost no dish under $10 and the quality of the food is just average, we ordered a beef noodle soup and the shredded chicken over rice, the beef noodle soup was ok and the chicken rice was way too watery that I thought I was eating a bowl of congee, traditional Taiwanese shredded chicken over rice is not supposed to be this watery!!! The taste of the rice is ok though and the service is good so I give it a 3 stars, will I come back? Probably not.
5	Dim Sum in Vegas? And at Paris? Could it be any good? The answer is astoundingly yes. It was fantastic. I usually have to go to Monterey Park (in Los Angeles) to get Dim Sum this fresh and delicious. The Shiu Mei and Har Gow were flavorful and fresh. I also had the tonkatsu ramen (with a nice hardboiled egg) and was slurping up the garlicky broth to the last drop.
1	We didn't get to eat here so I'm not going to be able to comment on the food but my comments are just about the reservation system and the hostess. I made a reservation on Open Table. When our plans changed, I tried to cancel. I could not cancel on the Open Table site, but it did give me a phone number to call Yong Kang Street directly. When I tried to do that, there was a recording that said that the mailbox was full....."goodbye". I didn't want this negative item on my Open Table account so the next day when we were in the area, I stopped at Yong Kang Street to talk to someone. The hostess informed me that they were not taking Open Table reservations, even when I showed her a copy of mine with the confirmation number. She also said that the system was down and she could not fix my reservation. Huh? Are they taking reservations from Open Table or not? I informed her that I tried to cancel my reservation by calling the phone number that was provided and she suggested that I discuss that with the manager. UGH! We won't be eating there, even if it's good if that is the way that they manage things.
1	I was shocked at how bad this place was - especially because it looked so good, it it was always crowded. The concept is great - with dim sum carts rolling along and lots of noodle dishes, mostly Taiwanese. However, in the end, not one dish was as good as any decent Chinese place in San Gabriel or Arcadia in So Cal, nor did it setttle as well. Besides being super expensive, at eight bucks per dim sum and over 10 for a small bowl of noodles... but I spent the entire next day on and off the porcellin throne. And it wasn't just me -- my friend who I went to Yong Kang with had the same problem.I reall wish it was better. But FYI... Las Vegas has a great Chinatown - with good dim sum in carts on weekends and great Cantonese BBQ & Seafood places for dinner. There is also excellent Korean in Vegas. And the Chinatown is only 10 mins from the strip.Bon Appitite.
1	I should have known better than to come here. The food was awful. I ordered the Dandan Noodles. I struggled to eat  my entree and could only finished it because I forced myself to, and it was a painful experience. My girlfriend agreed that it sucked. We had better Chinese and Japanese food in Vegas both at higher and lower price points.
1	This establishment should be closed. It took over 45 minutes to receive our order of soup & noodles. After the extensige delay they forgot to give us spoons which took another 3 requests and 15 minutes to get. Once we were able to eat the noodles they  weren't cooked all the way. In the end this was one of the worst dining  experiences I have ever had.
1	I will give zero star if I can. Bad service. Dim sum is just so so. Rice noodle is the worst I ever have in the restaurants----a few and very very short noodle and 3 fish balls (which  taste like the one I buy in any market).
1	Honestly, this place is overpriced. The food isn't anything grand, and I know for a fact I can get better tasting food for a lower price down in Arcadia. I expected this place to be better because of the crowded wait and the (one) dim sum cart rolling around. It's better to wait longer for good places like Mon Ami than to resort to here.
4	Wait in line for 20 min and another 30 min for the food to be served. Don't come on a holiday.Other than that, good service, great food (very authentic Chinese food compared to Americanized Chinese food like Panda Express etc and poorly prepared food in Chinatown). A little pricy but considering the location it's acceptable.
2	Two and a half stars for this noodle and dim sum place located in Paris. (Read below for more info why it he review is 2 stars and not 3) High traffic area and average food.Noodles: just as anything you could find in a typical chinese restaurant off Spring Mt road. Broth: flavorful but overly salty.One more thing, staff told me I could earn Total Rewards points by going to TR counter. That didn't work out.
2	I have been to a lot of asian restaurant and the food here tasteless for the price at least the dim sum is ok but still over priced.  Service charge is immediately added for group of 5 at 18 percent when service is awful.   I think Paris Hotel should evaluate this restaurant.
1	so expensive... And salty and force me to pay tips without telling me in advance?! What do you expect me to say?! I will never ever come here again!
2	Its gross! Their dim sum is nasty and hard! Their noodle soups are so so. Not that great.
1	$19.99 for beef noodle soup ? Ha ha ... It's just better go china town to eat other beef noodle soup ! After I had this beef noodle soup I felt super thirsty for whole afternoon . I was super regret why I picked this place to eat !! The service was ok !!! My advice : 1. Save your money to go China town to eat better noodle with fair price . 2. Don't even try the Dim sum !!!
2	It's really surprising how bad this place is considering how good it all looks. Everything is severely overpriced for what you get. We came here the morning after celebrating my birthday on the Strip, so we were trying you cure our huge hangovers. To me, this usually means that I stop becoming picky with food and eat everything in sight, but I couldn't even stomach what I bought. There's only one dimsum cart roaming around the place, and the cheapest thing you can get from it was like $7 with a typical dimsum serving size. Siomai was dry and nothing special; rice was too dry to eat with chopsticks and felt hard. My friends ordered some sort of chicken over rice bowl. It was apparently bland and soggy, and it was definitely not worth the $15 they spent. I bought 3 things off the dimsum cart and spent $30 (read: ridiculous).Conclusion: Pass. Go to Chinatown for much better dimsum. It's like 10 min from the strip.January 4, 2015
3	Long lines, food is just okay.  The list of menu offerings is reasonably authentic but the quality of the individual items is only just okay.
