4	Very nice people here. I recommend it. They gave me bad news about my teeth, but they did it ever so nicely. They saw me without an appointment, and within an hour.Whatever you do, don't go to the obnoxious place across the street, Fenway Dental.
1	Horrible service. I sat on hold forever. Every time I go to this place I am there for hours for them to do practically nothing. Last time I was there for 2 hours and all they did was X rays. I need to find a better place to go. I have been here 3 times so far and it sucked each and every time. The staff is not friendly they hardly notice you exist.
1	Got a very painful root canal here. It was my second time getting a root canal and my first time getting it done at this place. After they gave me a shot to numb my mouth they literally made me wait an hour and a half. I understand how busy it is, but this is an appointment, first come first serve! I'm pretty sure they screwed up their schedule book or something and my dentist probably had too much eggs in his basket because when they finally came THE NUMBING WAS WEARING OFFFF! So when they started drilling I screamed and jumped because I really felt EVERYTHING! How reckless! My mom was screaming at them and it looked like their staff was just staring at us and rolling their eyes. My mom made sure everyone knew that guy screwed up and I really wanted him to lose his license. Never ever ever ever going to this place again. To make sure that idiot got fired I showed up there a month later after I hit the gym and they told me he was fired. Hmm I wonder what else he did!
1	What a horrible experience!!! I will never go to this location (or try any other Absolute Dentals) again!! These people are very rude,  i brought my 3 year old in for a routine checkup and they were just so nasty!! I would not recommend this place to ANYONE.  They should not even except children because they have no idea how to deal with kids.  This place is the worst dentist i have ever been too, please do not bring your children here or they will be terrified of ever going to the dentist again!!! I took my baby girl and left, we are going to find a different dentist...
1	If I could give a zero star I would!I am reviewing this place on behalf of my husband who had a horrible experience.  First of all it is very hard for him to schedule an appointment since he is so busy with his work and he actually had to take a day off work just to get a routine check up on his teeth.  My husband had a 12:00 appointment and waited for about 15 mins. Once he was in the chair, he sat there for about another 15 mins. They took his first set of x-rays and waited some more until finally being told that he needed another x-ray. This x-ray required him to go into another room where he had to stand inside an x-ray machine. My husband doesn't like waiting and it took another 10 mins to get the contraption to work and the person operating it didn't speak very good english so he just pointed at my husband what to do.  Finally, he went back to the original room and waited even longer for the dentist.  When the dentist came in, he explained what was going on with his teeth. Then the dentist left and another person came in and gave him an estimate of his charges. Here's the kicker and what really pissed off my husband. He was told by this person that the staff at Absolute Dental was going on their lunch break and to come back at 2:00. He couldn't believe what she had said since it had been a waiting game this whole time.  It was a big waste of time and he didn't even get his teeth cleaned yet.  So, needless to say my hubby did not go back at 2pm and never will go back to this place again.  The staff there are unprofessional and don't care about your time.
1	I was a patient for Fenway Dental.  Later found out that Fenway Dental is Boston Dental.  Then later found out that Boston Dental and Fenway Dental is now also called Absolute Dental.  I had a good experience at first.  There were two times I noticed that the equipment they used in my mouth had a foul smell as though it has been used by someone or not washed well.  I didn't say anything though.  I wish I did.  Now I feel so stupid.  Especially when I found out this.....According to a friend of mine who used to work there.....I didn't know she used to work there until later in our friendship when I told her that I had my dental works done there.According to her, she said that they cross contaminate.  Therefore she quit because after reporting it to someone higher up in management, they done nothing.I'm so upset upon hearing this that I don't know who to tell.  If anyone can help, please do.  Who do I turn to?  =(
