4	Where have I been?  When did Carl's Jr go upscale?  Maybe I should have seen it with their $6000 combo (The commercial that says it's served only at the Palms - and staring the Maloof Brothers?) or maybe their $6.00 burger.  In running some errands it was suggested that we eat here.  Not grab here or drive through here, but eat here.  I think I'd eaten inside a Carl's Jr maybe once before in my life.  It's actually decent inside here.  There were 3 different TV's around the place, at the time all tuned on a different one of the ESPN channels.  I got this big Chicken salad for $6 and was shocked when it came out quite big.  And actually good.  And I was washing it down with a Squirt.  As I'm eating my salad, a girl there came over to see if I'd like a refill.  Are you serious?  I said no, but my companion said yes.  We had our drinks filled another time after that.  At the end, I wasn't sure if we were supposed to tip or not.  We left a buck just in case though we didn't see anyone else doing the same.  I didn't check out their nutritional info to know if it was actually healthy or if it just felt healthy - but it sure was a nice option to have vs. another burger or taco place.
4	Before volunteering at St Mary's Food Bank, I used Yelp to find a fast food place and came across Carl's Jr. Read the one review and I was sold. The worker's there have an infectious, enthusiastic attitude, friendly and want to make your dining experience enjoyable. I had the Western Bacon Burger which was well worth the $8 for the combo. It included the $6 burger. When is the last time you had the burger bulging out of the bun? The only negative was the shape of the french fries. I like them a lot thinner. If they had shoe string fries, it would be a killer combination. The burger came wrapped like In & Out Burger, not in a cardboard box.The seating area was clean and modem with two color TV's set on the ESPN stations. At one end of the seating area, there was one worker mopping the floor.I've never seen such pride in what they do to keep the place in tip top condition.
4	I have always enjoyed Carl's Jr! This one is not to far from my work, I was actually looking for the Puerto Rican food restaurant in the same strip mall. Since they were closed I went ahead and ate at CJ's!! Just like any of their franchise, food is good, never been a fan of their fries! CJ's is always adding to their menu, so you need to look at it once in awhile. You might miss something you might like!!! I had their Memphis Burger! This beast consist of: hamburger pattie, pull pork, onion rings, and bbq sauce. You have an option to add another pattie if you want, but you don't need to!!! Burger was great, loved the fusion of all the flavors! Service was great, they were training a new worker when they took my order. This location seem to have  a lot more seats! Lots of room!! Area is not that great, but this is a nice location!!
5	Ok, yes, this area is totally thug life: do not get out of your car if possible. However -- out of all of the Carl's Jr locations I have been to, this one has the best food and the nicest staff.  They have never made an error on our order, the ice tea is delicious (and cheap!), the food is hot and fresh, and if I am unfortunate enough to be in the area again --- I will totally go back here for a quick bite!
1	I love the salads here, and that's why I come, but, won't be coming back to this location. Every time I come to this location, it's a wait, or bad service.Came in here a few weeks ago and there was 1 car ahead of me. I didn't leave the drive thru until 30 minutes later. First it took them 20 minutes to put the salad in the bag and hand it to me. Then upon handing it to me they told me they were out of forks. Cool, I guess, but, how am I supposed to eat this, with my hands ?? I asked for my money back, but instead they attempted to look for forks, took forever. Then they came up and said forks will be coming out soon, they said that they were going to run to el supor and buy some.I asked AGAIN for my money back and they finnally gave it back to me. I wasn't going to wait in line for them to buy that if it took them 20 minutes just to hand a salad to me. I used to work in drive thru, I know that drive thru takes priority, and that was a rediculous wait considering the line was so small.
2	Having not visited a Carl's Jr. for a number of years, I stopped in today for lunch to see how it's measuring up to the current competition.  I love a big, tasty burger, so I ordered a "Six Dollar Burger" in the Guacamole Bacon variety, with Onion Rings & a Chocolate Malt to go with it.  The way they have the pricing structured here is that if you want Onion Rings instead of Fries, and/or if you want a shake or malt instead of a soda, there is no Combo discount at all...  they ring everything up ala carte.  That made this lunch EXPENSIVE at just under $12.00 by the time it was over.  It had better be good!The dining room has a few booths as well as tables, but both the floor plan and the decor are pretty awful.  There was only one booth in the whole place that I would have called a somewhat comfortable place to sit, & the one other customer was sitting in it, of course.  Also, there was no escaping the two TVs.The bathroom didn't have any paper towels, only one of those stupid air blowers, so I dried my hands with half a dozen ass gaskets, used them to pull the door handle, & then threw them on the floor, since there wasn't a waste basket anywhere in the room.Back at the table with my food, both the Chocolate Malt and the Onion Rings were  ok, not great.  Then the burger, which I expected to be delicious given the price and ingredients, was BLAH!  Both the bacon and the cheese were thinner than paper-thin, and the supposedly Angus burger patty wasn't tasty at all.  Could it be that this franchisee is sneaking in cheap beef?  Just a thought.  In any case, this burger was a real dud for the money...  nowhere near as good as what you get at Smashburger, Five Guys, or any number of other places.  Even IN-N-Out's Double Double at only $3.30 blows this thing completely out of the water!Sorry Carl's...  it's "never again" for me.     :-(
5	Siobhan clearly doesn't know what a real ghetto is like. Try living in Southern Chicago or Bayview in SF.Regardless, the people at this place are nice and yes, I got out of my vehicle to get food. The guy who helped me out let me use a "Buy one get one free" coupon for 6-dollar burgers on burgers that were not 6-dollar burgers. I.e. he let me use a coupon for something I wanted that was not eligible according to the coupon and saved me $5.50. Sweeeeeeeeet.The food was delicious also.I will be returning here as I have 7 more coupons. :)
2	Came to this Carl's Jr for a quick lunch. It's not in the best part of town but I figured I could get a bite to eat without a problem... I was wrong. I ordered a hamburger and fries and asked for a cup for water. The cashier reacted as if I had just pulled a gun. He started getting nervous and said that he can't give me a water cup because it "causes too many problems." I had no idea what he was talking about. He said people "steal" soda so they don't give out water cups. He said that I can buy a cup or fill up my own cup if I happened to have one in my back pocket. I asked for the manager and he lowered his voice and whispered that he could give me a kids cup. Pretty hilarious. Only reason this place gets 2 stars instead of one is because the food wasn't bad.
5	They make the burgers the best here. They take there time. They cook it just right and never leave out anything that I have asked or paid for. Out of all the Carls Jr I make my way to this one if its not too far out of the way because I know I will enjoy my meal!
5	Terrific service and their low-carb charbroiled  Atlantic cod is really to die for.  Also check out their low-carb chicken club, sure beats McDonalds.
2	Decent food, but a little pricey. It's a good place to go if you are really hungry and willing to shell out the cash. A number of times I noticed homeless people hanging around and the occasional drunk passed out in one of the corner booths. The staff really needs to be more aware and concerned about that. it's not good for a business to have drunken derelicts hanging out and bumming money, cigarettes, etc. from customers.But at least the orders are correct and the quality seems up to par. Not bad for a fast food place.
5	Despite the location, this carls jr is amazing! I've been in other Carl's jr's in nicer locations, but the customer service at this one can't be beat! The people here are very nice, polite, and welcome you when you walk in. From walk in to receiving my food only took about 5 minutes during lunch hour and there was 1 person in line ahead of me.
