5	This company really helped me out when I was in a bind due to another moving company no showing. Michael sent over two guys to help us move within an hour of me calling. The guys that helped us move were professional, courteous, and took great care with my belongings. I can't thank this company enough for the last minute help that they provided and I wouldn't hesitate at recommending this company to anyone moving in the valley.
5	As with the last reviewer Anna - these guys saved our hides in a pinch. They showed up day of and helped us finish packing our pod (we hadn't gotten as far on our own as we'd hoped and in 2 hrs they were able to accomplish what my husband I had done in a few days). They were great and willing to help pack boxes and move furniture - even our stand up freezer!!! You should know that they do not provide a truck - they are just packing and unloading help, but well worth the money (and a fraction of the price of some of the other local moving companies).
5	We were so impressed with the two movers (Luke and Will) who helped to move my parents to Sun City. They arrived early and jumped straight to work. They were friendly, courteous, efficient, and just straight up super hard workers. They did tons of heavy lifting, loaded at the old house, and unloaded at the new home. We were able to schedule them with just one days notice. We had planned to pay them for two and a half hours time, they worked so quickly we were only charged for two hours. Couldn't have had a more positive experience and would hire A to Z again in a heartbeat.
5	Saved The Day!Found this awesome business online to unload our moving truck. They provided same day service within four hours of call! Reasonable rates: items unloaded with care. We couldn't have done it without them!!
5	This past weekend I had to move. It happened to be a Saturday and March 1st. I was having trouble finding movers at a reasonable price that had decent reviews online.I came across A To Z Valley Wide Movers and I am so lucky I did. The guys who moved my house showed up 15 minutes early. It was basically like torrential downpour which is super rare in Phoenix. These guys didn't care and were ready to go. Great positive attitudes!They were careful with my things and worked fast. We were able to move everything in one load and  finished in 2 hours. I was really nervous and stressed out about moving. I just want to say a big thank you for helping me out and taking such good care of my belongings. I will def be referring anyone I can to you. Thank you!
5	Five stars is not enough for this amazing crew. The way they sprinted back to the truck after dropping off their load was just incredible. Their work ethic blew me away and they couldn't have been nicer.Don't even hesitate to call these guys. Affordable and absolute prime service! Thank you guys for knocking it out of the park!
5	Great movers!  Very nice, professional and hard working.  I couldn't recommend highly enough!
5	These fantastic gentlemen were courteous and phenomenally hard working. They constantly updated me with status reports and weren't afraid to ask questions or offer suggestions when the situation called for it. I would recommend this company for that alone, but to add the low cost of service, I can't imagine why anyone would use another moving service.
5	These guys are Excellent movers, they helped me move yesterday and I am writing a review today, By this one can see how happy i am to use these professionals.We had lot of stuff to move and very heavy boxes and these guys moved everything in very less time and didn't break anything, everything was in perfect condition after the move. Their pricing is very decent  and actually less than all the movers i called before them in the valley.I would highly recommend A to Z movers.
5	We had the pleasure of using A to Z Valley Wide Movers to help us unload our pods from a cross country. They were very experienced, fast, and professional. We even finished up early!  I would strongly recommend using them for your move.
5	These guys moved us yesterday and did an exceptional job! They were so quick and very careful with our stuff. I couldn't believe they got our three bedroom home packed into the truck in two hours. They unloaded at the new place even faster! I highly recommend this company and will absolutely use them again.
5	Zach and Tremaine are two of the hardest working guys I have ever met. I was amazed at their speed and impressed with their courteousness and professionalism. They smartly loaded a 26 foot truck in just under 2 hours with no room to spare.It was like having a couple friends help you move but those friends only have one speed; full throttle.
5	Mando and Nate were our movers and did a great job loading our pod. We will use them again when we unload it in a few months. The owner replied quick to my emails as well. Great service. Thanks guys
5	Perfect all the way.  Luke and Alex hardest most professional workers ever!  I will always recommend and only hire this company for now on.  Couldn't believe how well this experience was for my family.
5	Jason and Adam just moved us into our 3rd floor apt this morning and I literally couldn't wait to leave a review! BEST MOVERS I'VE EVER HAD!!! So nice, courteous and fast! I will never use another moving company. Hands down the best!
5	Ryan and Steve helped me out this morning unloading a 16' truck. I had just driven it from Oklahoma to Scottsdale and was exhausted! They did an amazing job, were super fast and very polite. I would recommend them to anyone, and will definitely give them a call should I ever have to move again. Great job guys!
5	Outstanding service! After several bad experiences with service oriented Groupons I was skeptical about trying another one. This company went above and beyond my expectations. The two workers showed up early and before I could finish pointing out what I wanted moved they had a third of the truck already loaded. They were fast, knowledgeable and very professional. They loaded my truck, I drove to the new house and they unloaded all in under two hours! I would highly recommend this company to my family and friends and if I ever have to move again these guys are the first and only call I'm going to make for movers.
5	Once again Zach and Tremaine didn't disappoint.  These guys were AMAZING!  Professional, fast and careful...a solid triple threat when it comes to moving my personal items.  Hopefully I don't move again soon, but if I did, these would be the guys I requested.  Top notch in every way!
5	We used this service in July for two days of truck unloading.  Day One:  They arrived at 6:00 p.m. (as we requested) and they had already unloaded for three other customers.  You would think they would be pretty tired, but they worked as though it was their first job of the day.  Very personable guys.  They set up beds, placed boxes in the appropriate rooms, and were very speedy.   Day Two:  They arrived on our schedule of 6:30 p.m.  The service was as outstanding as the first day.  We will never call any other mover.  Great job!
5	Five stars for sure. Zack and Kevin were great .. I recommend these guys to anybody that has to move. They showed up on time and kicked ass all day. They were very careful to make sure nothing got scratched or broken. Awesome job!Thanks guys!
1	Since they did such an amazing job last time, we used them again. Huge mistake. They were late, damaged our things, and are now refusing to return our calls or take any responsibility. I would not use them again and will be following up with the AG, BBB, and any other agency I can think of.
5	These guys were the best. I booked with Apache Movers and they didn't show. It put me in quite a jam since I had to be out of my place the following day. A to Z sent three guys that were not only extremely nice and professional, but were very fast!  Sometimes you think that paying by the hour can cause some to dawdle, not these guys!  The fact that they came same day and packed, moved and unpacked a three bedroom house in four hours was a miracle. I have only given 5 stars one other time, these guys deserve it!
5	Zach and Brian (I think it was Brian) were the bright spot of our recent move into a new home.  They were very friendly, courteous and professional and took a great deal of care in properly loading and unloading our household items.  Before they left they asked if there was anything else we needed help with.  I/we would hire them again in a heartbeat!
5	I needed to move a very heavy table and eight chairs from a home in North Scottsdale to a home on McCormick Ranch.  There used to be a guy named Phil that owned a great moving business by a similar name, so when I couldn't find him, I decided to use this company.  Michael worked with me from the start, kept his word on pricing and timing.  Luke and Alex arrived on time, were very careful with the furnishings that were to be moved, and delivered everything expertly and efficiently.  They even offered to move some extra stuff that needed rearranging once the table and chairs filled the room.  I am happy to write a well deserved review and give them the full five stars.
5	Awesome service! Both guys worked very quickly while being very safe and clean throughout our house.  Friendly, affordable, and very available.... Will recommend to all of our family and friends
1	Saturday morning 20 Dec 14 a 9:00 am appt.  Its 9:15 am still no movers, I called the manager to ask if they were still coming he said yes.  But I told him the appt was for 9 am, he had to call me back to see what was going on. Returned my call said they would be about 30 to 40 minutes out.  That passed, he called me back and they were having some car trouble issues another 30 minutes, after all the excuses and apologies they showed up close to 11 am.  By that time instead of sitting on my butt I decided to load the truck myself. When they showed up all they had to do was unload.  I understand it's saturday morning young people party the night before so I wasn't too upset, and I needed to work out my back anyway.  So they start unloading everything is going fine until Bryan ask to use the bathroom and the other one is working is butt off.  That was one of many trips to the bathroom for Bryan needless to say he spent more time in my new bathroom than moving my stuff, so once again, I decided to get another workout in on that truck and help with unloading since I was pressed for time in returning my Uhaul truck and their 2 hours.  Good thing I had set up a later time to return the truck just in case anything went wrong.  I realize customer service is hit or miss these days, but if I'm the manager and this is my company, I would do a follow up with the customer and offer some sort of discount for being 2 hours late.  One guy was doing the work of 2 men, Bryan just needed to stay home that day and recover from being hung over.
1	I kindly accept checks if you were planning to adjust my payment.  That payment code shouldn't stop you from doing the right thing.  Thank you.By the way I check my phone and no phone call was received during the time they finished the job.  After they finished the job payment code was requested is that not the policy or should it be wait for the owner to call for job completion for future reference.
5	These guys were fantastic. We found a groupon for them, which made their services extra-affordable for us- my friends didn't believe me when I told them how little we paid! They showed up exactly on time, and were careful with all of our things- took a little longer than we had hoped to load up the truck so we needed them an extra couple of hours, but it was only because they were being sure to place everything in such a way that we could do just one load in the truck with no damage to our ridiculously heavy bedroom sets. They were courteous and friendly, and kept us constantly updated with how full the truck was and how far along we were. I believe their names were Nate and Ryan? Regardless they were awesome and I would definitely recommend them to anyone! Thanks again guys!
