4	Francesca's is my new favorite store. It has unique, colorful and well-made items. I have been opting to shop here instead of Forever 21 lately, because the quality of the clothes/accessories seem to be made better here. The only reason I give it 4 stars, and not five, is because tops seem a bit pricey. Great deals on dresses though!
2	Cute store but so tiny plus they seem so overpriced for what they sell.  I enjoy the display but after going in Charming Charlie its hard to be willing to overpay for similar items and purses etc.
3	I really like the style in this store. The clothes, shoes and accessories are really cute and different then things you find at most mall stores. The quality of the stuff is great. I think they are teetering on being too expensive but I think they get away with it because this isn't your average crappy Forever 21 selection. The biggest thing I dislike about the store is its size. It's tiny! Definitely not stroller friendly. I went in without my baby the other day and still ended up knocking over a basket they had hanging off one of the tables. On a busy weekend I don't even bother going in because its not fun to shop when you are stepping on people. If the store was bigger they could also carry more product. Which would be awesome because I'm sure it would be cute and fashionable like everything else in the store. Not a place for my everyday attire but when I need a dress for a wedding or that perfect accessory, I go to Francesca's.
4	I really enjoy shopping at Francesca's. I was here over the weekend with my aunt and had a great experience. I was checking out the jewelry in front and one of the associates was very helpful and she told us about the buy two get one half off deal. She joked with me about some of the new earrings and we had a fun conversation. I love the selection of unique jewelry (I got some moustache earrings in support of Movember) and the interesting knick knacks around the store. The cute clothes are great as well. I could probably easily spend $200 here on any given trip. I like stores where I can find interesting gifts and treasures. I will be back...
