3	I see reviews for other WaffleS cafes in the Las Vegas area and wanted to check them out. When I drove by not so long ago I saw this one and decided to go in. Ooopsie it wasn't even open yet at the time but, I vowed I'd be back. Well today was that day and while I wasn't that impressed with what I ordered, I know I'll be back to sample the rest of the menu. The place is super cute, and since it's new everything is spiffy and squeaky clean. I loved the bright and cheery orange and yellow paint colors, they are definitely enough to wake some sleepy head up in the morning. The place also has pictures of all the waffle creations, because if the wonderful smell of waffles wafting out the door doesn't get you to come in the drool worthy pictures just might. Service was friendly, even though my order was incorrect. I got two orders of the same waffles instead of the same bubble tea. "Same drink" sounds similar to "same thing" I guess, even though I said it twice. Still the gal was nice enough to bring me a water while my hubby got his boba. On the bright side I got to try two different things in one shot. I'll be back to get some pizza waffles soon, and get my neighborhood bubble tea.
3	I did come back to eat the pizza waffle, and it was only well...meh.  I guess it just wasn't what I had expected.  The waffle was really mushy and the cheese allready coagulated when it arrived at the table.  I have to give them a pass though because they are still very new and may still be perfecting their craft.  Plus the people who work here are so friendly.
3	I happened to be in the area with a few hours to kill while the kid took his SAT exam so thought I'd give this place a try. (Otherwise I may never would have come all the way out here from Henderson!)I had the pumpkin waffle with Nuttella and pecans and a hot chai tea. The waffle itself was good, crispy edges and a tender inside, but not really very pumpkiny (although I haven't had their original flavor waffle so maybe there really is a difference in taste.) The pecans added just enough crunch and the Nuttella...well, how can you go wrong with Nuttella? It came with a dollop of whipped cream which was perfect since it cut the sweetness of the Nuttella. The tea was a standard hot tea bag but they were eager to refill the water with no hesitation. On the way out I ordered a taro boba to go. The drink itself was standard but the boba was pretty mushy, like they were leftover from the day before. Too bad. Service was great but business was slow. While I was here there were only two other people who came in to eat. The two Asian ladies working (the owner and her sister) were very sweet and personable.I'd go again if I'm in the area but I won't be making any special trips out there.
3	I think, what's really attracted me to this place, is the fact of them having strawberry smoothie with boba and adding protein. That, plus its just a few miles away from home. Way better, then driving to Chinatown, and finding a place that will add protein to a strawberry smoothie with boba. I found this place, to be unique, cause I rarely see anything like it. I'm sure there are others out there, but I haven't been living in Vegas that long to experience what locals experience. I guess you can say I'm still trying to find my way around Vegas. Just so happen, that we found our way to Waffles Cafe in Aliante. First time around, I tried their Smore's Waffle, which was different, and sweet. I'm a bit marshmallow fan, that I had to try it and see. It wasn't to bad, but kind of sweet for breakfast. Second time around, I tried their Pepperoni Pizza Waffle. Which may sound odd or the sound of it, may make you wonder, how it taste. But quite honestly, it wasn't as bad as I thought. The fact, that I like pizza, is great, but the fact of it being on a waffle, made it interesting. I guess you can say, its a pizza, with a really soft crust. The staff, was very nice, and made sure that everything was okay. But, the staff only consist of two Asian ladies. The place itself, look very nice and clean. Knowing that its fairly new, business there, seems really slow and when we usually go, its like 0-3 other people are in there. The only thing I'm not satisfied with, is the pricing. Even though its good, from my point of view, I don't think the pricing fits it, that well. I'm sure business would probably be better if it was probably a dollar cheaper. I would probably say, if your into trying something unique and different, you should try it. I would definitely do the smoothie. I prefer boba with protein, but I'll leave that up to you. Again, the pricing is a bit more then expected, but its worth trying.
4	This little waffle shop is a significant value, in my humble opinion.  Today, myself and the little eater known in reviews as "the wife" gave this place a shot, and they impressed.  As is my "keep it cheap" custom, I went directly after the waffle special advertised outside the restaurant.  For $5.49, the diner gets a waffle, an egg made to order, bacon or sausage, and unlimited coffee!!! The coffee is self-serve, with flavored creamers, as well as the creamy creamers.  The waffle was served hot and fresh. It had a slight buttermilk taste to it, but I may be wrong about that.  I upgraded, and added fresh blueberries for $0.75 more.  Other items on the menu include waffle sandwiches, waffle pizza's, smoothies, specialty teas, iced cream shakes, latte's, hot chocolate, soda, and juices.  Another big plus is free WiFi to customers.  If you like to be waited on, this is not your place.  The customer orders their meal at the counter, but the staff brings it to the table.  After that, you get your own coffee.  I'm happy to get the exercise of walking back and forth to the coffee, cream and Splenda.
3	Good food, but I prefer eating on real plates and drinking coffee out of a mug as opposed to having everything be cheap styrofoam. The food is excellent and the prices too, but if there is one thing I don't like while eating at a restaurant, it's eating my meal as if I were out camping somewhere & had no real silverware. Eaten here once and would love to make regular trips if they had real plates, especially to go with their waffles.
5	Great little place.  Looks like she has WiFi.  Waffles are very good,  According to my German husband, they are just as good as those he ate in Europe.  Very friendly and good prices.
3	I got a lot of hype about this place and it was good. It was not the best ever like a lot of people told me but, I will again for a second opinion. I had the Jimi's waffle and it was tasty. Kinda expensive and I hate paper plates and plastic untensils for things I have to cut.
5	If you are looking for fancy plates, forks and cups this is not the place of you. But if you are looking for simplicity this is the place. I had an Original waffle with banana, strawberries, nutella and whipped cream along with a mocha latte. Both were really delicious. My daughter had the cherry blossom waffle with a cup of hot cocoa also delicious. The service is stellar which made my visit even that much more worth while.
4	this place is original! very clean. we stopped by for breakfast but you can get lunch, dinner and desert!! they have a great breakfast deal a waffle (fresh not frozen) eggs, bacon/sausage and coffee for a great price. can't wait to take the kiddos... las vegas is mainly big business so this fun little spot makes me feel like i am back in eagle rock california.. you must stop by this lil gem....
4	A great lil joint. Awesome people always smiling and making sure they get ur meal/drink just perfect. I went in there to order something but they had never made it the way I tried it years back in a diff state but that didn't stop them, they wanted to create it for me and they did. Great service
4	Great food. Had a turkey waffle sandwhich.  Place is clean, staff is friendly, food came quickly. No problems. Will go back. They also have ice cream served in .....waffle cones.
5	This waffle joint is a half mile from Aliante Casino.  When my relatives start hitting the slots, they say I'm bad luck if I watch, so they tell me to scram."We'll be here a half hour, see you then..."  They say they kinda feel sorry for me, but they get over it, and so do I.  Why?  It gives me an excuse to head to Waffles Cafe. Carbs rarely ever taste this good.  I love waffles, and this waffle by itself is near perfect -  light, slightly sweet, tender, and slightly crispy all at the same time.  When it comes out warm, no matter what it's topped with, it's heavenly.  This time, I opted for the peaches and strawberries.  The peaches were sliced canned cling peaches, which I like, but I loved the sliced fresh strawberries with a dollop of whipped cream in the middle.  I decided to get it to go and eat it in the parking lot of the casino, well aware the Casino videotapes the parking lots.  All I can say to the security staff watching my one tape, "Get your own!" The aromatic, juicy berrie slices were naturally sweet with the waffle, the peaches were a good contrast visually, in taste, and texture. The variety of waffles is fantastic, you can order one of their pre made concoctions, or create your own.  There is nutella, pumpkin, pecan, apples, blueberries, and so many others.  They have a great $5.49 breakfast waffle special with egg, bacon or sausage, and can add hash browns for a price. Of course, waffle sandwhiches are popular, too. They had some bobas and teas.  But I had their Columbian coffee to go, it was decent, though I prefer my coffees bolder (i.e. French Roast) but it was a great accompaniement to my sweet dessert.  All told, it was about $8.  Definitely, I'll come back again.  My relatives didn't win this time, but in a half hour, I was far happier and my wallet was heavier than theirs.
5	Amazingness on a plate, thats all I can say. Fresh pancakes topped with fresh strawberries and sliced bananas plus whipped cream, add some blueberry syrup on top. Do I need to say more? This place is so close to our new home and I'm so happy about it. Staff was super friendly, coffee was good, the place is clean, food was delicious. I will be back.
4	This place for just a waffle shop is so quaint and and quiet you almost feel like there might be something wrong with the food lol but there wasn't. I had a waffle sandwich and well as surprising as that sounds it was very good. It had fresh avocado and bacon as well as ham and it was superb! Alright more about the place. Well,  it has a pretty decent sized menu filled with what ever waffle fantasy creation you could think of and the prices are under $10 but above 5$ for almost all plates or waffle creations! The restaurant has lots of seating as well if you felt like you need to bring your football team or large family for some waffle goodness =)
3	Came here on a Saturday at noon and the place was packed.  That got my hopes up that this place was going to be great.  After some confusion trying to figure out the menu on the wall, I finally found a waffle that sounded amazing.I ordered the Best Friend.  It is an oat waffle with bananas, peanut butter, nutella, and whipped cream.  My husband tried to order a breakfast combo, but swap the meat with hash browns.  For some reason, this was an impossible task and they wouldn't allow it.  So feeling pressured from the growing line behind us, he reluctantly kept his order but without the meat.  They would, however, let him chose the batter type and toppings (he got pumpkin with nutella).  Not sure why they couldn't exchange the higher priced sausage and bacon for some hash browns....After waiting for sometime, we finally got our waffles.  Mine looked amazing and tasted pretty good too.  Not the best waffle of my life, but a nice crispiness on the outside with a soft inside.  The peanut butter and nutella worked really well with the banana and made my breakfast super filling.My husband's food looked pretty "meh:" a plain looking waffle and soggy scrambled eggs.  I guess the waffle is his fault since he could order more toppings, but the combo seemed a little bare... more like a waffle with a side of eggs.  The pumpkin waffle was pretty good and I'm guessing would be a lot better with different toppings.  The eggs were eggs, nothing special.  Same goes for the coffee.So, did Waffles end up being amazing like I assumed when I first walked in and saw the crowd?  Not really.  It was good and the prices were great.  I'm thinking now that I know how to work the menu a second go might be in order.  Until then, I give Waffles an "A-OK."
5	I have been back about 4 more times since this review. I think I might be addicted haha Last time I was there I tried their  breakfast sandwich and it was delicious.
3	We ate here once. The food was okay, but nothing too exciting. There are much better places to get waffles around Vegas.
2	Nice place and good concept for expanding the waffles. I went with my sister and we ordered the supreme pizza waffle, BBQ chicken waffle, and Jeff's favorite which had apple n ice cream with whip cream. The BBQ chicken was ok. The waffle was drenched in BBQ sauce. It was too much to take. The chicken was dry. There was also pineapples which I thought was strange to have on a BBQ chicken pizza. Overall it was ok. The supreme pizza waffle was ok too. They should've put more cheese. The Jeff's favorite was the best out of the three but it would've been better if the apples were warm rather than cold.
4	I'm not a waffle person so I'm trying to be fair by going with what my waffle eating family has said.We had the banana split waffle, a caramel pumpkin pecan waffle, and some thai tea minus the bobas.The banana split was merely ok for me.  Kids loved but what kid wouldn't?  The pumpkin pecan was quite good.  I think I would stick with the pumpkin batter than the traditional. Their waffles are made well.  Light and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.The Thai tea could have been a little bit sweeter (I've had better).I'm not one that likes to fill up on these types of food because I always feel like I'm just putting "junk" into my body.   But I think it's a nice get away from the normal "sweet tooth" or desert outting for ice cream.We'll be back for an occasional treat but not to eat the food as a meal.  I feel like it's just A-ok but I'm putting into consideration that I'm not a big waffle eater.  So, 4 stars for being a unique treat.
1	one star because its required.this place is SUCH a let down. im not sure how the overall rating of this place is so high. but to each their own i guess.the waffles are crisp and then all air once you start eating. no flavor at all. addons are a buck a piece (strawberries, cherry pie filling, etc.) which is a little much in my opinion but alright.you get unlimited coffee, which we had too wait for twice because they ran out.in my opinion they should keep up on that especially around breakfast time.also,if you add 'hashbrowns'its a buck for a hashbrown that mcdonalds serves.seriously?they serve you on styrafoam and make you eat with plastic utensils.they also dont know how to cook eggs over medium.so if that is how you like them, order them medium well and maybe theyll get it correctly.if their quality of food was better,the concept of the place would work out well.this place is pathetic.waffles at ihop are way more impressive.
5	I just loved this place! Great prices especially for what you get.If you love bacon (who doesn't?!) then try a side of bacon because they cook it right! You have to wait a bit to get your food but it is because they prepare everything fresh to order! I had "Jeff's Favorite". It was $6.95 and had Apples, Caramel, Whip Cream and even a scoop of ice cream on top! It was too yummy. The staff was friendly and seemed to really take pride in what they were serving. I had a soda instead of coffee so I don't know how that is yet. They have a punch card as well so don't forget to ask about that. After so many punches you get a free meal.
2	My boyfriend and I have seen these Waffles Cafes all over town so we decided to try the  one by my house. I knew from reading the reviews that we would be dining off of paper plates and using plastic silverware. The food took awhile to come out. We had to get our own coffee and water. I ordered the chocolate waffle with strawberries and banana slices. It was just okay. It really didn't taste like a chocolate batter. The plastic silverware made it difficult to cut my waffle. My boyfriend ordered a breakfast combo that had a waffle with peanut butter and chocolate sauce with a side of eggs and bacon. Both of us agreed that the bacon tasted like it had been cooked in used oil from the Chinese restaurant next door. Disgusting. His waffle was fine, but he didn't care for the eggs. The grossest thing was when he went to put salt and pepper on his food. He picked up the shakers and they literally stuck to his fingers, all dirty with syrup and who knows what else on the outside.  We threw our punch card that was given to us in the trash on the way out and will be making our waffles at home from now on.
5	This place was excellent. I had the breakfast combo (coffee, 2 eggs, sausage patty, and a huge waffle) and was satisfied . The food was delicious and the restaurant was clean.
5	The waffles are great, but you have to try the tuna sandwich where they use waffles as the bread! On top of that, their bobs teas hit the spot.
5	always high quality very tasty waffles that come fresh, hot and delicious! great friendly customer service. relaxed atmosphere for a laid back time. over all 2nd excellent experience!
4	very tasty
4	Thank you Yelp for another Yelp recommended find.  I tried this place because of Yelp and was not disappointed.  I got the Chicken and Waffles as recommended by the server.  It was delice....Now, the space is not much in the way of ambiance. It is the typical strip mall food spot with seats, spartan look and feel and pretty clean.  But the waffle types and combinations and the bubble tea's make this spot worth a special visit.  If they upgraded their establishment and made it a bit more fun/creative/upscale, this could then be a 5 star....
5	I literally live right around the corner from here and come about once a week or every other week. The staff here is super friendly and the food is pretty quick to get to you after you order. The selection is amazing and the waffles and toppings they offer are def mouth watering. Its different but in a good way and i dont know how else to explain it lol but if you like your waffles sweet topped or looking for a more salty styled breakfast topping they have it here. If your a waffle fan either salty or a sweet toothed kinda person you need to hit this place up. Parking is free and its easy to find. Hit them up and make sure you get there red velvet pancakes....soooooooo goooooood
5	Wonderful food!  If your near North Las Vegas you need to stop here!  Highly recommended to all!
2	I went here afte checking the reviews and it was close. This place is ok I usually give spots another chance so I will update soon but for now I really wasnt amazed. I had a waffle breakfast sandwich and it tasted like something i couldve made at home.
4	Love this place! It's simple. It's priced fair and the waffle was very good. Sunday was my day to say I have had enough of the twigs and berries and I want pancakes! Well at least a waffle although they have big banner that states now serving pancakes but really who goes to a Waffle Cafe for pancakes...the name tells you what their specialty is. Anyway I had a waffle with blueberries, strawberries and bananas. No I passed on the chocolate chips, whipped cream and powdered sugar. Hey I was breaking lose on my food choices but didn't want to go crazy...maybe that why I was carving ribs later that night because I knew I had saved some food karma points :)Also the staff in this place was very friendly, helpful and fun. It was good to hear youthful energy enjoying their work instead of the normal this is just my job type of employee's. This staff gave good service and enjoyed what they do.  I would definitely come back here good food, good service and fair prices. Oh and I forgot to mention they also have cool smoothies I got the Lychee...yum I love the fruit!
4	Waffles were tasty.  If you build your own it can get a bit pricey.  Ambience is cute.  This neighborhood needs places like this.
2	my husband and I had been wanting to eat here for quite a while thinking it was going to be amazing. This place is more of a kid friendly place to eat. I ordered a simple waffle w/ strawberries and bananas w/ a side order of a hashbrown. my husband got just a simple pancake. our total came out to $15! totally over priced. we were brought out what i ordered but my husbands never came. after 5 minutes i inquired about his & after investigating they said they didn't ring it up & said we would have to pay. I almost wanted to yell across the room to my husband not to pay because by then I had bitten into my waffle & it was def nothing special. Hard and non flavorful. the hashbrown literally was taken out of a box and dipped in grease. At the same time another customer had the same problem, ordered something & did not receive it & had to repay. the paper plate and plasticware was not the best choice & made it hard to cut up the waffle. Overpriced. Non quality food. def sticking to making our own waffles!
4	I went to the waffle cafe with my boyfriend on a monday. i was really quiet. no one was in there so i was able to get my waffle very fast. ( i just ordered strawberries and white chocolate chips ) The place is nice and quaint. they also have boba teas for my boba fans out there! and its really good for kids and families!i'll be back soon ! :)
4	Perfect place for a nice friendly breakfast either on a date or with family. The staff are all smiles and enjoy the environment of this little cafe as well. The food is creative and delicious!
4	I like this place. If you're in the mood for Waffles, I encourage you to stop by.
4	This Waffles Cafe is tasty!  It is also a fun cafe with so many lovely waffle options.  YUM!This location is very nice.  It is bright and very open.  I have visited some of the other locations and they seem cramped, but not this one!  Lots of room to sit and relax and enjoy your waffle.  This location was also spotless!  They must have elves here to come out and clean, because it was absolutely spotless! It is also super casual, so it is a nice break from your everyday life.The staff here is super friendly as well.  Everyone really seemed to welcome you and make you feel comfortable.  I just love great customer service and really appreciate it when I get it!  That gets Waffles a bonus star from me!The food is yummy too.  On this visit I had the chicken & waffle.  It was really good.  It was different than I have ever had it before, so that was fun.  The waffles here are the size of the plate they come on and are of the thinner variety.  The waffle batter has something special in it, but I can't quite figure it out.  I think it is vanilla and maybe cinnamon?  I'm not sure, but they are yummy.  The chicken of the dish was 3 chicken fingers.  They tasted good, but weren't anything special.  What made the dish different was that it came with strawberry butter and a spicy hot sauce to go with the food.  The sweet, fruity butter went great with the food and I would order that on any waffle any time!  The spicy, thick, hot sauce was an interesting flavor and actually went well with the sweetness of the butter.  I know it sounds strange, but it really worked. If you are into dessert style waffles, this is your place as well.  The have all sorts of options like apple pie filling, chocolate, pumpkin, strawberry, and a lot more to satisfy your sweet tooth.  They actually have more dessert varieties than breakfast and savory dishes.  YUMMY!If you are into fancy teas like Thai, Boba, or Fruit teas, then you are REALLY in luck since they have about 3 dozen or tea varieties to make your taste buds happy.  I think the prices are a bit high for what you get, which is why I dropped them in the score.  The entree waffles all seem about a $1-2 too high for what you actually receive.  If the prices were a bit less, I would be at Waffles a lot more for sure.
5	The chicken & waffle is beyond good and Mango smoothie is perfect match for it. Love this place!! And also can't wait to try their new Tornado Fries, I've already tried them when I was in LA. They r so tasty and yummy. Finally they are arrived here in Vegas, Thank you!!
5	This diamond in the ruff is JUST the place to come for a break from the norm! Great food, a plethora of combinations to choose from and there is ALWAYS a full staff of smiles and salutations upon arrival and departure! I truly feel at home here and have made it a weekend ritual!
3	Ok, this review is for the Korean BBQ Waffle and the differences I saw between this location and their Durango location.Korean BBQ Waffle ($8.95): Top Sirloin Beef marinated in Korean seasonings. This is essentially a Bulgogi Waffle, but the meat was too thick, tough, and not full of flavor. Also, the waffle is not as "done" as the other location, and it isn't the reason WHY I go to the other location....the amazing waffles!  Would not recommend at all. I tried the Large Peach Smoothie with Boba ($5.29). This is pretty good.  I like their boba here.Comparing my favorite item here, Jeff's Favorite / Sweet P ($6.95): Pumpkin Waffle, Apple Pie Filling, Vanilla Ice Cream, Caramel and Cinnamon.Aliante : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/waffles-cafe-north-las-vegas?select=S47ZPr_kqGeOL9v0mmd5Ng#S47ZPr_kqGeOL9v0mmd5NgDurango : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/waffles-cafe-las-vegas-2?select=4Zl25rlUpeDbRVRMXRBESA#7QFOLG_0Py-Lv4mCMbmwLgI'll let you decide who makes it better!More pics :
4	I usually get the breakfast combo which comes with waffle, eggs, bacon/sausage and coffee. Not bad for $5.95. Don't forget the stamp card.
5	Eaten here a few times now and the place has yet to disappoint.   Service is extremely friendly and polite.   Food is delicious, the waffles come out just right, the bacon is crispy and the eggs are cooked to perfection.  The pricing is very reasonable.  I would recommend that you give them a try.
3	I ordered the breakfast waffle sandwich, which has egg, cheese, ham, and bacon. It was also served with chips. The food was good, but the wait before we got our food was so long! There was only one other group of 2 people waiting for their food in the restaurant, and it took 25 minutes before we got ours! I give three stars because the food was good (not good enough for me to want to return), but we waited so much longer than we should have for our order that it's not worth it.
4	This place is super cute. The servers are very sweet and friendly. Like another yelper state, it is not a restaurant. You place your order at the register, seat yourself and they bring your food out. I always get the breakfast combo, which is very reasonably priced for what you get. Portion size is just right, not huge and just enough. I feel as if the waffles are a bit in the salty side, which is probably because the same batter makes both the sweet and savory waffles. Also, try their smoothies.  Huge selection of flavors.
4	The ultimate breakfast bowl is delicious!  Quiet atmosphere for a Sunday morning breakfast.  My best friend & I love coming to this little place
4	One word, YUM! I really wasn't expecting much of this cafe honesty, but it's fantastic. The cafe itself is so cute with names printed out and stuck on the walls, and the posters all around. Gives a super positive vibe. The waffles taste so good! I had an original waffle with strawberries, caramel sauce, whipped cream and powdered sugar (which by the way I recommend!) the waffle was cooked perfectly and the strawberries were so fresh. The only thing I'd like to see different would be proper plates/knives/forks (not plastic and paper). Other than that I highly recommend!
4	I'd say the food is 3/5, but w/ cheap prices, I'd bump it to 4 stars.I came for breakfast on a Sunday morning.  The store specializes in Waffle entrees like waffle pancakes & waffle sandwiches.  They also serve boba and various teas.The food is pretty good and relatively cheap for $6.  I was expecting it to be $8 but for $6 I can't really complain.  If they raised the prices I might go someplace else.Breakfast waffle - decent 3/5 - $6.  Comes w/ bacon, ham, egg, and served on a waffle w/ syrup inside.  Also comes w/ a side of chips.-The breakfast waffle is pretty good.  It's really hard to mess up breakfast entrees but this tasted decent.  If you don't like sweet foods I'd recommend getting syrup on the side.TIPS:-All entrees are served on paper plates (from Costco) & plastic utensils.  Blegh.  -Water is self serve but it tasted a bit odd when I tried it.  I got an OJ instead
1	If you don't mind dirty salt and pepper shakers, questionable tasting ketchup, syrup and filthy old refilled ketchup bottles this place is for you! The potatoes were cooked in way too much oil on top of being over seasoned. The waffles tasted plain and not quite right.  The bacon tasted weird too. Don't think I will be returning.
4	The cashier was super friendly, everything was clean and tidy, and the atmosphere was like a small town cafe where several of the patrons knew each other and seemed to visit frequently.  My waffle was wonderful and it was a healthy snack for my son and I! We had the blueberry/ banana one without any syrup or powdered sugar and a strawberry fresh fruit smoothie to wash it all down.  We will definitely be back for more of our mommy/son excursions!!
2	First off, I was annoyed for waiting over half an hour for waffles, it wasn't over crowded so that was just lame. This place is over hyped, nothing special. Just a bunch of different toppings on waffles. Big whoop! The food isn't bad it's just not anything special.
5	So yummy! It's not badly priced, it's good, I really can't complain. This place has always been clean. I really like supporting these local businesses too. I hope this place doesnt go away like many of the other stores that have been in this shopping center. It's never crowded (I'm usually the only one in there). I always take my sister there for an after school snack. Waffle sandwhiches=yummmm
5	I love this waffle cafe. Food is great and it's always clean when I go.  The staff is very nice.
2	Just didn't do it for me the customer service was good but food was so-so. The waffle was a little cold and they serve food on paper plates. It tasted like McDonald's waffles. It is plain and simple the food was not worth coming in for. If it had been served on fine china it still would have been cold and not very tasty. Just because the staff is nice that does not increase the quality of the dish. Better off going to IHOP. Damn I wish there was a Waffle House or roscoes chicken and waffles in north Las Vegas.
4	I think I'm due for an update. I've been here many, many times in the past year and service has always been great. Ambiance has definitely improved. They added music! Yay! Regular menu items seem a bit pricey so catch them on their Happy Hour, Everyday 2-6 PM. BOGO 50% off Smoothies (Boba Add'l), Waffle Sandwich & Kettle Chips for $5 and Milk or Thai Tea (Buy 2 Get One Free).Everything is worth trying. I've had Chicken & Waffles, Waffles with Strawberry & Banana with Chocolate Sauce, Ham and Pineapple Waffle Pizza, Green Tea and Banana Smoothies, Oreo Shakes, Tornado Fries, etc. They were all delicious!  Their waffles are so crunchy and fluffy at the same time. I'm so used to being served soggy waffles so it's a treat coming here.I've seen reviews critiquing them serving on paper plates and such. I don't find it tacky or anything. There's nothing wrong with that, in my opinion. It doesn't take away from the food being yummy. Just a thought.
1	Place was gross.. Their menu didn't have enough description. Matter of fact it had no description just pictures... I order a waffle sand which well it turned out it had some kind of jelly in it.. Really gross.. Just threw it away and walked out.. Won't be coming here anymore...
4	You people are crybabies. This place is more like a Carl's Jr. where you order at the register and the food is brought out to you. It's not a 4-star restaurant so quit complaining about the silverware and paper plates. It was not difficult at all to cut the waffle with a plastic knife. Not like you a have to be a ninja to master a plastic knife. On to the review; The food was pretty good. Ordered a waffle with strawberries, blueberries and chocolate chips with a side of eggs, bacon and a hash brown. Food was good and came out quick. Staff greeted us the moment we walked through the door. Yes I had to get my own coffee, but come on, some consider that an inconvenience? It was one more step than getting my coffee at Starbucks where the only difference there is they pour it for you. So can't complain about that either. By the way, the coffee was good too. Overall, good experience and I would come back again.
3	Having passed by here often we finally decided to give it a try. We went in on a weekend very early morning. There weren't many people there at the time, but the crowd picked up after that. So the menu is much more extensive thanks I was expecting. We always go for classics when trying out a new place, so that what we ordered. The waffle was good, but not anything to really write home about. It too a while to come out and they wee served on disposable plates and plastic ware. Not a huge deal, but I guess I had higher expectations from a place called waffles cafe. So, not horrible, just not sure if ilk be running back for more anytime. If you've had and enjoy blueberry hill waffles you will more than likely be dissatisfied. It's a cute place and they seem to have a nice following, so try it and see what you think. Maybe the waffle with lots of toppings are better.
3	I love their waffle breakfast sandwich! In my opinion it's the only thing good here. I've been here a lot and have really tried to love this place but After trying most of the menu the food really isn't that good. They are friendly and fast service but nothing is really that tasty. The bacon seems to be precooked and just reheated which tastes fine in the sandwich but not on it's own. The hash brown is like the frozen patties you buy and just deep fry- nothing special. The eggs are fluffy and perhaps poured from a carton and on the mushy side but again, in the sandwich they're good but we ordered a side of them and it was mushy. The waffles are average but the breakfast sandwich is where it's at. It comes with potato chips on the side which is interesting but I love the sweet sauce in the sandwich followed by the salty chips. I can't see myself going back here for anything else. If they ever took it off the menu I would probably never come back. They get 3 stars- 1 for friendly service, 1 for quick service, and 1 for the breakfast sandwich.
3	This is the nearest place for me to buy Boba when I feel like having one. Not bad. It takes a very long time for them to make one shake. I went to Smith's to buy a few things I needed, went back to the cafe and they were not yet done.  Their swirl potato chip on a stick is really good. I think they are over priced. Overall,  I still go there to buy my boba.
5	Went here not long ago and it was absolutely amazing! Love it so much and am constantly recommending it for breakfast on a daily basis. The staff are wonderful and the food itself to die for!
4	The food is super yummy and the staff is super sweet...
3	The chicken and waffles were good! I ordered the mijis favorite and it was good the first few bites but then it was too sweet.
5	Went here to meet up with friends for Sunday morning brunch.  We had a party of 6 and orders were placed promptly.  In a short time, we had food delivered to table.  Cashier and server did good job.  I ordered the breakfast special with waffle with strawberries and whipped cream along with sausage and 2 eggs over easy which includes coffee!  Everything I tasted was excellent, definitely found my waffle spot in North Las Vegas.
5	Love this place. Food is good and service is amazing. Awesome versions of traditional breakfasts and also some crazy concoctions that you must try. The kids love it too!
4	Food is great. The waffles itself are great because you can have it anyway but if the waffles are soggy, or too dry, then it would be junk. But their waffles are homemade fresh goodness.  Ambiance is good. You know u not gonna get  regular service or regular kind of silverware because this place is not that kind of restaurant.  Customer service is ok. Price is ok. Food is good. I will definitely come back.
3	This place needs to invest just a bit on their marketing and signs. They are not very appealing and they seem to make the place look rundown. But the employees are always very friendly. Food was ok.
1	If you are looking for a great breakfast waffle with delicious side items then rhis isn't the place. The food is terrible. ..no flavor and nothing special. Taste and looks like it was microwaved. If u listen closely tou will hear a bell ding going off ever so often. Thats the microwave.  The Columbian coffee taste watered down. Maxwell's House coffee would be an improvement. Dont waste your money and dont get fooled by the name of the joint. Pedestrian food and service at best.
1	Was expecting more than paper plates and plastic silverware. Waffles were dry and my kids immediately said we should have stayed home and made waffles there. The coffee was weak as well. Not a great start for our morning!
3	I absolutely love Waffles! So it was a no-brainer to check this place out. Cute concept. Waffles with just about any topping and filling (turkey & cheese, sandwich waffle)  you can think up. They even offer boba which is hard to find in North Las Vegas so that's was cool. Unfortunately the waffles were just OK, they definitely weren't the best I've ever had. But my kids loved it so we'll be back! I guess I was expecting more from a place called Waffles Cafe. Another thing to mention, the customer service has always been outstanding, keep up the good work!
5	Great selection of food to choose from. Staff was very friendly and helpful.  Price was good, quality and quantity of food was excellent. Will go back there again. Thank you Yelp for helping me find this place.
3	This is a pretty cool idea for a restaurant. Different and delicious! I had the s'mores waffle and it was really good. The only think is you pay for the waffle and that's it. I'd like it if they already had premade combo meals. Maybe I missed it but I like how things are set together.  I will go back for sure! Great little treat every now and then.
5	Love, love, love this place!! They have such original ideas for waffles. So many combinations. I love taking family and friends here. Anyways have a fun breakfast. Also love the fact that they have pictures of their different waffle options that are available. This making ordering so much easier!
5	This place was not busy but the food was great. Waffles made perfect and the breakfast bowl was very good. Will eat here again and recommend it.
