2	Monkeyshines is small because of a big, u-shaped bar and a large pool table.  This isn't a problem until it's crowded, which it usually is.  Add in 99% of the patrons smoking, and you've got an asthma attack coming.  Gack!  Really, though, I've generally had an alright time there, so I don't have a vendetta against it.  I would never choose to go here, but I'll go if others are going.
2	The food here was pretty standard bar food. The service was not good. Our waitress never came to check on us after we got our food. We had to come up to the bar for boxes. The cheese curds were good and cheap. It was the best thing we had.
4	Check this place out for an inexpensive lunch. Prices are good and portions are large. I especially enjoy their pork chops, mashed potatoes, green beans lunch special. It is served with a large slice of bread.  Wait staff is friendly and food shows up quickly after ordering. The Taco salad is also a good choice.  Haven't been there in the evenings so I can't comment on drinks or the crowd atmosphere.
2	Not too busy on a Saturday late-morning for breakfast and football. Breakfast portions are inexpensive and large. My farmer's omelet had a sufficient amount of toppings, but was just ok. Friends had the bacon and said it was cooked very well. The bloody mary was ok. Free jello shots when the Badgers score a touch down! Plenty of space for large parties. An ok place for a cheap breakfast, but don't expect it to be quick. The service was slow and shotty at best.
3	Monkey Shines is a smaller bar located off of PD in Fitchburg.  They have two nice pool tables and offer a indoor smoking room for people that want to smoke.  Beer Selection is pretty good and the staff is usually great.  Great Place to stop by for a quick drink.
2	Monkeyshines is the way to end a night of bad decisions.
1	Sub par service and not the most inviting crowd. Let's just say the beers are 3 bucks and they aren't worth the money....
2	Stopped at ms during a badger game.   The staff was attentive and the beer selection was pretty good.  The interior was plain and the place had zero energy.   I cannot say it was bad, just not a place i want to revisit.
5	Is this place a double insult?
2	Clientele is shady. It's a really, really weird mix of people...good people watching, but don't look too long!I guess I wasn't sure what to expect, but it's consistent with this part of town. All I could think when I walked in was, "Huh?" The bartenders are friendly. The drinks are cheap. I'm not sure if they serve food. Even if they did, I'm not sure what it would be or if I would try it. It's a little crazy when you walk in. Use you're imagination friends.... It looks like it used to be a strip club and there are volleyball courts outside. I really don't get it. I'm sitting here writing this right now!...and I don't get it. One part pool hall...one part casino...one part strip club= worst shot you've ever had. Expect a hangover!But, hey, why not give it a shot?!
