3	A really slick loungey-type place that was a bit underwhelming.  Been there a couple of times - once for dinner on a weeknight, and once for drinks on a weekend night.   Drinks and bar snacks are a better experience.  They have some corn crusted waffle fries that blow Chick-fil-A away.  The dinner however left a bit to be desired.  I mean, they used tortilla chips from Safeway, and couldn't substitute their pinto beans for black beans.  What kind of Latin restaurant is this??  Also, the chicken torta was extremely greasy and gave me the burps the rest of the night.  And I'm not one with a sensitive stomach so it caught me by surprise.  The vibe, drinks and service were great, but don't go for the food.  The "Latin inspired"  food is disappointing for Phoenix.  Our bartendress was superb.  If anything, go for the service, the drinks and the digs!
3	Cool look place especially for 7th St. I think they still have a little ways to go to improve the food but the overall quality was good and i will be back to try more.I had the chicken palm frond which was tasty and pretty light which i like. My sis had fish tacos, she liked them as well for the same reasons. Momma had the chicken burrito, not very spicy and was not warm when delivered to the table but to their credit, they made a new burrito and this one was piping hot!
4	Having recently defected to Central Phoenix from the dairy and strip-mall-laden wasteland that is Laveen, I decided to try a few restaurants in the area that didn't have the words "Burger" or "in the Box" in their name. Being relatively new to the area and otherwise afraid to attempt to turn left onto 7th St, I summed up the courage one day after having been invited to lunch by a friend and made the mad dash across the street and down to Ticoz Resto-Bar. In the amount of time it took me to turn left I probably could have just walked there, but that's neither here nor there. Upon entering, I feel like I have been transported to some urban-cool hipster hangout that actually wasn't situated right next to a brake repair shop. Replete with so-dark-you-can't-see candle lighting and 11 minute remixes of the latest breakout dance track, you have your choice of seating situations. You can dine in the dining room, belly up to the bar for cocktails or brave the outdoors on the patio. My lunch companion and I were seated on the patio immediately. I found it odd that there were signs posted to remind patrons to keep the volume of their conversations at a "normal" level as not to disturb nearby residents. Suddenly, I'm reliving a moment from kindergarten and being reminded to use my indoor voice. Since I'm now in my 30's and I've finally gotten the hang of that trick, I take a chance and converse with my lunch companion using my normal everyday voice. This is something you may want to bear in mind if you are meeting up with a large group of people after dark, want to sit on the patio and some members of your party are incapable of controlling their screaming and/or giggling.The menu offers enough variety to not only set it apart from other run-of-the-mill Southwestern restaurants but also makes me want to come back and try the other items at a later date. I opt for the Pork Torta Sandwich this time around, accompanied by a glass of Passion Fruit Sangria. The Pork Torta is served on grilled flat bread and is very flavorful. It's served with a side of what I can only call cole slaw.  The dressing is very tangy and flavorful and a nice compliment to the entree. The Sangria was potent and also went well with the meal, but seemed a little pricey. My dining companion has ordered the Coconut Curry Rice with beef and after sneaking a bite off of his plate when I alerted him to "something shiny" in the corner, I find it too is very delicious and flavorful, combining a number of unique flavors to create an altogether different dish than I have experienced at any other restaurant that might serve a patron a taco. A good attribute about Ticoz is the fact that it's open until midnight. This makes it one of the few places in Phoenix that doesn't lock up come nightfall (laundromats aside). I work late hours every day and I like the fact that I can still meet up with friends after a long day and sip cocktails without worry of being forced to cram waffle fries down my throat at an unsafe speed before being given the heave-ho, or worse yet, having to go to Applebees. The ambiance is great and the staff is very friendly. I have recommended Ticoz to many of my friends and co-workers and none of them have been disappointed in my suggestion.
4	the food is not too bad... i went there for lunch and all i wanted to do was try some of thier mojitos... but since i was going back to work it was not a real option... but i would defintaly like to go back for some dirnks and try some of thier food...everythign on thier menu was different... i really liked the menu and the things that i tried from the people i was dining with were pretty good...
2	Y'all are officially on notice.  Why?  It was based on these reviews that I decided to try the place.I was totally prepared to wait when we arrived because we got there at about 7:15 on a Friday night.  They said 30 min wait for a party of 5. Not too bad.  After watching 3 groups who came in after us be seated first (and yes, one was a party of 5) we approached the hostess stand to check on things.  Suddenly we were "next".Server was Justin.  He said his hellos, told us about the specials, took our drink orders. We'd planned to try a few appetizers, but at that point we were all hungry enough we wanted to go right for the main course. Then we were brought the chips and salsa.  I inquired about the 3 salsas.  He said, this one is hot, this one is pico de gallo, and this is our pineapple salsa.  The chips weren't just "got out of a bag" chips, they were no-name, not very good, wouldn't serve them to my friends chips.  But, we nibbled on them anyhow because we wanted to try the salsas.  I went right for the hot.  Hot?  It was barely warm.  It was very "tomato" tasting, with one person commenting that it almost had spagetti sauce taste.  How can you be going for a Latin flavor and not be packing any heat??  I try the "Pico de gallo".  It's chunky salsa.  But whatever.  It had that fresh taste that many salsas have fresh out of the bottle.  My last hopes were the pineapple salsa.  It was different, and in the end the one I actually liked the most because at least they were trying to be creative.Can you believe I'm not to the main courses yet?  Justin sets them down quickly and makes his escape.  Visually - they were quite good.  2 of our folks got tortas - one beef and one chicken.  They were "fine".  Both tortas and the burgers come with fries and the fruit slaw on the side. No one liked the slaw.(Friend said it was more straw than slaw)  To me, it was ok - but not worthy of the large portion it took on the plate.  Would have been MUCH better to just fill the plate with the waffle fries that were actually pretty good.  One person got shrimp enchiladas.  That was pretty good - but could have been done just as well or better by quite a few places in town.  I got the pork loin chops.  Honestly - with this being one at their highest price point, I figured I should really get to see their strength here.  It was pretty.  The two thin chops were cooked fine - but it wasn't cooked IN anything for extra flavor, which pork really needs.  It touted an "herby garlic, cilantro, lime sauce".  It was green, and not bad, but with those things you would have thought it might have had more kick.  Or at least flavor. It wasn't bad in a way that detracted from the meal, but it didn't add much.  The green beans were at that same "fine" point.  They were very green and looked great.  But beyond the almonds someone threw on top (again, not cooked with at all, just threw on top at the last minute) there wasn't much flavor.  ( I buy the big frozen bag from Trader Joe's, steam them, toss w/ a pat of butter, salt and pepper and they could kick the butt of these green beans. I didn't have that high of a bar, but they didn't even meet it.)The night was capped with some poor service mistakes.  Several of us had discussed trying a desert.  Instead of a request for desert, we got a check.  We figured it was a sign.  We were dividing the check into 2.  A friend who had been a server suggested that we mark the items that went on a particular card and then it was easiest for them to split the check.  We were explaining that to Justin as he was seemingly running from the table. (Did we have ebola and no one told us?)  When he accidentally put the wrong total on each card, and we asked him to switch the totals, rather than go do it, he was argumentative at the table for several minutes about how he did it right and kept trying to push fault to the friend who handed him the bill. he then stormed from the table (like a 2 yr old) saying as he went, "Fine, I'll just have to go switch them".  Yea, that's all we'd been going for.  The whole table felt uncomfortable and insulted.  A friend noticed we were "dropped off" to go boxes when all other tables had their food taken away and the server put them in the boxes.  I don't know if we just had an awful server or if he thought we'd be bad tippers (I've never gone under 20% for good service - bad never gets less then 15%) but it will be a long time before any of us go there again. The atmosphere was cute, but the food was not a good value and never really rose above "Ok".
5	UPDATE: If you want to go enjoy this place, be advised that 8 o'clock on a Saturday comes with about an hour wait. The place is a-hoppin'! They have comfy seats for your wait, though. I had two more magnificent mojitos, as well as the tortilla soup and grilled peach salad. The latter should be illegal it's so good. I blame the goat cheese. * * *Best waffle fries on the planet. Hands down. Best Ginger Lemon Mojito ever poured. Hands down. Best Happy Hour prices in Phoenix. Hands down. I mean, can you really resist $3.50 Mojitos and Margaritas? I didn't think so. The decor is inviting, very trendy (in a not-trying-too-hard way) with vibrant reds. There's a TV over the bar, for those who can't get enough sports updates. There's an outside patio, too. The Resto-Bar is called just that, for it's divided. You walk in - to your left is the bar/patio areas. To your right is the dining area. The menu is loaded with delectable entrees, salads and appetizers. It would be difficult to decide what to get. The best thing is to take a group of friends and sample each other's. The staff behind the bar are very nice... and easy on the eyes, of course. But I'm not complaining. Did I mention their fabulous waffle fries? My mouth is watering just thinking about them... I need to go back. Pronto. Ticoz is the type of place - with their drinks, savory dishes and prices - that you'll crave. This is my new fave Phoenix discovery. Hands down.
3	Eh, this place is okay.  I was not super impressed.  The food was okay.  I was not blown away.   After being seated, we sat at the table for a good 15 minutes without anyone noticing that no one had been to our table once.  We had to flag down a server.  Once we actually did have a server, the service was good.  I can forgive the glitch.  Everyone has a bad night.  But the food just lacked the wow factor.  Even though I have a twenty dollar gift certificate (to make up for the initial service issue) I have not been back.  I guess that about sums it up.
3	After having been to both FEZ and Switch several times in the last few weeks, finally decided to drive more than a mile away from my hotel (oh no, 2 miles!) to try out Ticoz. I must say, of the the three restaurants these guys have opened up in the area, this one was my least favorite. If I had no expectations of Ticoz at all, I could possibly have given this place 4 stars, but really, I'd much rather stick to Fez or Switch.Not to say the food was bad, but really nothing extraordinary. To be fair, my coworker and I just ended up splitting some appetizers, soups, and several drinks, so I can't speak to the "real food" of entrees or whatever. Still, the appetizers weren't all that appealing. The queso was a bit too chunky and not silky-smooth as i usualy like - just a personal preference. The meat in the chicken flautas was ground which made it rather dry, and the cinnamon in it really didn't help. The lettuce wraps actually were a highlight of the appetizers, and we did quite enjoy them. As far as the soups, both were a little thicker than we expected, so they ended up being more like stew, almost creamy, though the waitress told us they were rather "brothy" when we ordered them. The drinks, however, were great. We had a some mojitos and the sangrias, and all were definitely refreshing. Next time, I imagine we might venture to try some actual entrees, but at the very least, this place is a great for some drinks at the bar.
4	Ticoz is another Tom Jetland operation, and he did a very nice job with this one too. I love how his three restaurants (Fez, Ticoz, Switch) have a similar trendiness and quality, yet totally different personalities. Kudos to him for that. Unlike Fez, where you can order anything at all from the menu, at Ticoz there are certain dishes which are good and certain dishes which stand out. But nothing I've tried has been bad, just so-so on a few occasions. The waffle fries are excellent... the tamales are really nice... and the curry rice dish is quite savory. I love the vibe, it's so mellow and laid-back yet trendy and hip. A hard balance to manage, and in Phoenix it's really rare...
5	I'd have to say that among the restuarants in the Tom Jetland suite (Fez, Ticoz, Switch), Ticoz is my favorite because of its dimly-lit lounge-like quality, which provides it a cozier feel than the other two.  Add to that, the hypnotic Mojito creations and Ticoz is one of those places I could spend an entire weekend late afternoon at, as long as someone else drives, of course.The tamales are fantastic and are more similar to corn pudding than to traditional hand rolled tamales.  If you get them with veggies, you'll find that the veggies are a little oddly cut for the dish, so I recommend some other topping.  The beef is fantastic (especially in the tacos).All in all, this is one of my current favorites.
4	Ticoz is really a fun restaurant.  Very cool setting and relaxed yet hip atmosphere and crowd.  Yet another one of Tom Jetland's creations (owner and chef of FEZ and Switch) and is probably my favorite of them all.  I have had a number of items on his menu, the food is good.  I can't think of anything that really super stands out, but it seems that every time we are there, we leave completely satisfied.  Great service, Great food, and Great feel to it.  Although, I must admit... there is one thing I absolutely cannot get past.  I think it is total CHEESE that in such a cool spot, the great mixed drinks come out with a fake/silk long stem cheesy looking dumb flower inserted in your cocktail...  kind of like something that would be at Grama's house.  Other than that - yahoo for Ticoz!!
5	I have NEVER had a bad meal at Ticoz.  I go often and I love food!  The service is terrific...very relaxed atmosphere but the food always rocks and the staff top notch.  I've had many things off the menu-but my favorite is the burgers.  #3 is to die for!  It has a lime mayo that makes it quite tasty.The criss cut spicy fries are a great accompaniment and I usually take the oriental coleslaw home for people to fight over!I also got to see Alison Du Bois eating lunch here , too!The pineapple salsa is good but the chips are only so-so.  But hey, that's the worst thing and that's ok with me!**update 08/14/09: went for lunch and it was as good as EVER!  We had an awesome server, Pablo.  He was very attentive and enhanced our meal!  He's a terrific addition.  In fact, the whole staff today seemed very, very efficient and good!
4	ok, first review, here goes....sangria- killer, and if i recall correctly they have a pretty fancy happy hour, so i recommend a dd.guacammus (guacamole mixed with hummus) yes and yes.ticoz chop chop- i'm a huge fan of salads with lots of stuff in it. i really don't dig it when i get a big pile of lettuce with a few random veggies thrown on top. there are so many great veggies out there. live a little. the chop chop is great, jicama, hominy, chic peas, red beans, black olives, etc. good stuff.as far as the rest of the menu goes i really couldn't tell you, because for some unknown reason they decide to put chicken stock in about everything, and i happen to be vegetarian. my question is this, why on earth would you find it necessary to ostracize a substantial portion of the population to "add flavor" to your rice? no one notices anyway! i dont think i am asking too much, really. i'm ok with the fact that there isn't any tofu on the menu (i mean it would be nice, but hey), but can you please leave the rice alone?!?!? seriously. i don't get it.ok, so maybe i'm just bitter because i've had my eye on the coconut ginger curry rice since ticoz opened. whatever.
4	When Steffany H. suggested meeting for lunch this week at Ticoz, I was excited as I've been wanting to go check it out for a while now.  I was pleased to see the 'Everybody loves us on Yelp' sticker on their window when I walked in.  The restaurant was pretty crowded for a Monday lunch but we had no problem getting a table...I like how they bring chips and several salsa choices to start off... It was hard not to eat too many as they were really tasty!  It was tough to decide what to order as everything sounded delicious!  I loved that they had a variety of salad options as I usually go with salads for lunch.  I finally decided on the hearts of palm salad + shrimp.  The half portion was just the right size for my hearty appetite!  One of my friends had the street tacos and the other had the Ticoz chop chop salad.  We were all pleased and went home feeling extremely satisfied.I would like to go back one evening to try their sangria and sample some of the other things on the menu.  The guacamole sounds awesome!  I like Alicia B's idea of going with a group and sharing a bunch of different items.I took one star off because the service was a little slow.  As long as you're not in a rush, go check out Ticoz - there is something for everyone and it's a fun atmosphere!
4	For some reason, I always forget about this place.  So, i opened up the reviews page and remembered *why* i liked this place so much.  Good drinks and creative menu in a stylish atmosphere.  The food is nothing spectacular, IMO, but the uniqueness of it is always tempting to the palate.Their salsas are good, their street tacos are good, their mojitos are good.  Basically, its a 'good' place to go wine and dine ... and the atmosphere can elevate your evening to 'great' status.  I need to try their patio, cos I've only dined/drank in their resto portion.
2	I would give the service four stars, and the atmosphere five stars.Now for the rest:   We had a party of 5 and arrived for a reservation at 7:00.  We were promptly seated, the staff was very friendly and helpful.Had a good start -- the spicy queso was good, but $8.50 was definitely a little steep for a small bowl of melted cheese, and only 1/2 a plate of fried tortilla strips.  We liked our sangria, and our waiter (Josh?) did a great job of keeping an eye on the drinks when they were getting low.Dinner?  YIKES.  I ordered tamales which were.....unrecognizable.  I would describe it more as a plop of cornmeal (no corn husks) with some adobo sauce and shrimp dumped over it.  Not appealing, and very heavy.  Another guest found a piece of plastic in his chicken (when he chewed on it).  In their defense, the waiter, the manager, AND the chef came out to profusely apologize.  It was a really nice gesture AND they took $25 off the bill.  Well handled.But at the end of the day, I'm not sure I'd go back.  The food wasn't that great, and definitely overpriced for what you get.  Too bad.
2	Unfortunately I cannot live on FEZ alone (though during weekends back in PHX I sure have been trying), so there comes a time in every man's life where he must venture outside the comfort zone and at least attempt to try a new restaurant (even if it IS owned by the same people).This is where Ticoz Resto-Bar comes in; located within stumbling distance from the apartment I decided on an early dinner with the full intention of hitting happy hour on a beautiful Phoenix evening.When I arrived at 5:30 the host informed me that every seat on the patio was taken, and that I could sit at the (empty) bar or in the dining room. Not wanting to be "that guy at the bar" I opted for a table in the very dimly lit dining room.At this point, let's just get the service aspect out of the way... nice guy, very friendly, clearly hadn't seen a one person table in a while. I seem to think that a one person table affords you a unique opportunity to interact differently with your guest. However, I don't feel as though professionalism should go out the window.The waiter brought my round Tostitos and three types of salsa, which can be characterized as:1. Hot Salsa - BAD, REALLY, REALLY, BAD. I would rather chug Prego out of a dirty can while undergoing invasive surgery to correct... let's just leave it at that.2. Pico De Gallo - I was under the impression that Pico De Gallo salsa should be chilled when brought to the table, once I got over the fact that my salsa was warm, this was actually pretty good.3. Pineapple - OMG, WHY THE HELL DO THEY EVEN PUT OTHER SALSAS ON THE TABLE??? SERIOUSLY, THIS STUFF WAS FANTASTIC!!Shortly after this I ordered the first of what I expected to be many mojitos, at 1/2 price I was ready for an enjoyable evening with my new vice the mojito. Unfortunately, I was disappointed by the outcome. Maybe I should have read the menu a little closer, but the mojito was nothing more than brown sugar water, maybe some rum and a smattering of mint leaves. I drank about 1/2 and decided that it wasn't worth finishing. They clearly need to learn a better simple syrup, or buy the pre-mixed Bacardi Mojito, they'd be better off.Now in all fairness, I ordered cheese enchiladas for my dinner and they were actually VERY good. Though it isn't very hard to mess up such an easy dish. I was impressed with the amount of cheese that was used as well as the decoration of the plate. Can't say the same about the rice (tasted like it belonged not in a Mexican restaurant but rather a bad Indian restaurant) or the beans, which were just sort of there.Overall I am disappointed with Ticoz, even though they are owned by the same people that own my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. They obviously have some work to do in this direction before I will be going back again. So I will continue to find a way to live off FEZ alone, or at least until I can muster up the courage to try something new, again.
4	Big smiles and welcoming personalities greeted us at the door. I was so relieved. I've been to other restaurants from this group and have hot and cold experiences. So, this was a great start out the gate.Our server Brandon was attentive, full of life and kept calling me Love (which I swooned about).We ordered a few different margaritas, the enchilada special, the fish special and appetizers. All around the food reviews were the kind where your mouth is full and you shake your head up and down and smile while pointing at the food.Friday at 7:30PM got us seated quickly, but the place was filling up when we finished around 8:45PM.
4	Checked this out about a year ago... had a great time.The patio was perfect for drinks (lots of different flavor mojitos), and the dinner was really delicious -- the menu is really unique.I think this would be a perfect place for happy hour when the weather is still kind.
3	A friend of mine has been begging me to go here with him for ages.. after hearing such a mixed bag about this place have never had a desire to try. Every meal should be a good meal, right? So when some friends of ours asked us to meet them for dinner, well, we went. Made a reservation after hearing about the wait times.. when we arrived we were sat immediately. Let me say that the space is very cool.. Ikea like, in fact we have the same floor lamp in our living room, 39.99 if interested. For whatever reason I thought that Ticoz was more upscale in their service though I was disappointed when we were told we needed to hang on to our silverware, yuck!! So be prepared to ask for new silverware! The salsa's were a nice touch though they need to get rid of that pineapple crap.. oh and the chips, well those are Tostito's or something.. not a good impression at all. I'm not sure if they know this but Food City actually makes some really good chips they could just buy rather then use those stale disks from????Got a mojito.. very good, one of the best Ive had in the valley! Ordered apps.. guacummus (sp) and calamari.. the guacamole hummus mixture was alright.. wouldn't order that again though the pita tasty.. the calamari was definitely from a frozen bag.. though for these prices they will have to cut where they can.Doh, avoid the grilled peach salad.. tasted weird.. the blue cheese salad on the other hand.. yummy! Ive never seen so much blue cheese on a salad plate before.. kudos! We did ask for fresh cracked pepper, our server put a shaker of pepper on the table.. its little touches like these that can make or break a place.. guess that kind of service is overlooked here. I have to say though that the burgers were awesome! Both juicy, well cooked and delish! Criss cut fries were well seasoned and very tasty! The coleslaw that came on the side could have been omitted completely as it added nothing to the plate but bulk. Those burgers were fagalicious! I wish I hadn't waited so long to go here as it was everything I thought it wouldnt be.
4	Best lettuce wraps I've ever had.  Sweet and Salty, super good!Great mojitos!  One of the only places I will order mojitos.  Had a party on the patio once and that was super fun.  Although one time I went there with some friends in the middle of the summer and their air conditioning wasn't working... we stayed because the bar was a little cooler, but that was agonizing...
4	Mojitos are huge and oh so good, pricey so try to come during happy hour if you're on a budget.  They have several really unique martinis, like blood orange and a lychee and watermelon (I think)  for $9.50.I only came here for drinks so I be back soon for the food.  From what I saw and read the food looks above average,  I say great when I get a chance to actually try it.The staff was very attentive to us, and everyone else around us.I can't wait to have one or more mojitos this summer when it's 110 outside.
4	Went last night for Dining Out For Life with a group of gals pals.  We have a really nice time.  We all really enjoyed our food, I got the chicken street taco, they were tasty and exactly what I was in the mood for.Our server, Rob, was super great too!  The only thing I didn't like about it was that my cocktail was $8.58 for one measly drink---- (that's with the dollar for tip.  Soooo..... $7.58 for a rum and diet with a lime just doesn't do it for me.  Also, the chips are the store bought kind-- not my thing.  But the salsas were delicious!
3	Tasteful atmosphere with a great patio, a cozy bar area with stylish mood lighting, a sleek dining room outfitted with red leather chairs, leafy potted plants, and mirrors along the saffron-colored walls. They have a good variety of dishes to choose from, all prepared with fresh ingredients and all perfectly cooked and attractively presented. I had the guacammus and calamari and both were excellent, but the seafood fresca really stole the show..The tilapia was light and flaky and the lime sauce on top was so good my mouth is watering just thinking of it!  They also have an excellent happy hour with half priced entrees and good drink specials.The only drawback? The Sangria, I will admit I am a sangria snob but this was so sweet it was barely drinkable. They should really pop over to Lola's Tappas and try and duplicate their recipe!All in all great place highly recommended.
4	Lots of love for this place!Met my friend Mike E. (shout out to an elite yelper from Seattle in our area for the week!) for drinks and dinner on a Wednesday night and it was ideal.  The patio was full when we got there so we had a drink in the bar area first.  Great drink menu...almost too many choices!  I had a beautiful blood orange martini that completely hit the spot.  We also had a sampling of the 3 salsa choices which were all quite unique but as you have all commented, the tortilla chips left a lot to be desired.A spot opened on the patio so we moved our drinks outside and decided on dinner.  I went with the delicious grilled peach salad with chicken and found that even after an intense yoga class, the half portion was plenty.  As for my dining partner, he went with the servers suggestion and enjoyed pork chops with green beans.  Needless to say, we were both members of 'The clean plate club.'  Great drinksGreat patioGreat sticker on the door 'Yelpers love us' ...or something like thatI have to come back for happy hour (4-6:30pm daily)any takers?
4	I feel like Ticoz is an Oasis of sorts.  One of those places that is cool and trendy on the inside but from the outside it fits in with gas stations and car repair joints.  I like that vibe.  Thanks to Emily D for a super rec!You step inside and it is sheik, and you eat outside on the patio and it's fresh and nice and just what you want.  While I'm not local, I imagine that's an awesome feature to be able to pop in and pull out of the "city."Our only mistake was not arriving for a Monday Happy Hour, $2 Mojitos?  Shut up!Great food, I had the boneless pork chop (thanks for taking care of that chef!) and some good drinks.  Slightly odd was the lychee martini had no lychee in it (like you know the spinney red fruit with the white eatable part inside).  I really just like vodka with a floating lychee, my explanation to the bartender/drink maker upper/server fellow didn't seem to efficiently communicate this.  A next drink of a drought Hoegarden was perfect though... so nice on the deck!
4	After all this time, I finally made it to Ticoz.  2 friends and I showed up on a Tuesday at about 6:20, and while the dining room and patio were full, we settled in at the bar with no trouble (and let's face it... may as well stay as close to the booze as possible).  Our waiter was kind enough to rush over and let us know that happy hour was just about to end, if we wanted to get a drink order in.  Oddly enough, we DID want a drink!  I ordered a mojito, which is always a favorite of mine.  They have all sorts of fancy ones, but I just wanted a plain jane mojito.  Not only was it delicious and only $3, it was BIG!  One of my friends swears by the Sangria, and the other had a fancy mojito and loved it too.We opted to just split some appetizers.  We ordered the Cinnamon dusted chicken flautas, beef empanadas, and a side of corn crusted (something like that) fries.   The fries were very good, but they were just fries.  I'm not sure what I was expecting, but I guess I thought it would be totally different than regular fries.  The beef empanadas were very good; it's just shredded beef cooked up in puff pastry.  A very simple idea, and one I plan to try at home sometime soon.  The beef was a little bland, but it was a very filling and satisfying little treat.  But now for the best... the cinnamon chicken flautas.  Hoooooooooooooooooooooooly cow did I love those things.  I've already been back once since, and I know I should try other things, but I couldn't resist.  I've found myself craving them at the oddest times.  They are just shredded chicken wrapped in a tortilla, cooked and rolled around in cinnamon.  Sounds weird, but absolutely wonderful.I want to give it 5 stars for those flautas and mojitos, but based on the other two items (and until I try something else there) and their terrible, terrible Tostitos tortilla chips, I'm going to stick it at a 4.A++++ WOULD EAT IT AGAIN!
5	There's something magical about the coconut lime mojito.  I fell in love with the Cuban concoction the first time I tried one many years ago and I have just fallen in love all over again.  This review is based mainly on the drinks, as I tried one of each on the 2-for-1 happy hour special.  A coconut lime mojito, a blood orange margarita and sangria - all three were superb!  You can tell they put a lot of thought into their drink menu, the presentation is lovely - garnished with fresh fruit and a silk flower - the drinks are Ticoz forte. There's also something magical about their patio.  You get the feeling you're sitting in a friend's backyard, the patio furniture is cozy and makes you want to kick back and relax.  I don't have much to say about the food, we tried the empanadas and they were good enough, although they could have used a bit more spice.  The grilled peach salad sounds wonderful, and is on my list to try next time.  I do wish that they offered food on their happy hour menu, but no such luck. I don't see myself coming to Ticoz for dinner and sitting in the dining room, when the bar and patio are so inviting.  For those that don't know they offer $2 mojito Monday's all day! Yes $2! And their mojito's are fabulous!!
5	Oh, how I love thee Ticoz.  From your close proximity to my work making for the perfect happy hour spot, to your very large glasses of pinot grigio highlighted by your awesome patio with the couches.  And, let's not forget about the great food and the wonderfully adorable bartenders and servers.My first time at Ticoz was last summer for a birthday happy hour.  It was hot and sweaty, but I had a great time.  About 10 of us gathered on the patio and talked and laughed until the sun went down.  I've had quite a few happy hours here and 1 lunch and one evening meal.  The lunch was amazing!  I don't remember what it was called, I believe "palm frond chicken" or something to that effect.  Their chop salad is to-die-for with a light dressing and corn, garbanzos.  Just amazing.  Their service is always great and when I was going in regularly they always remembered me and knew what my friend and I wanted to drink.  They've taken down their sign (don't know why) so it is a little harder to find now and its kindof a bitch getting there when 7th St has that suicide lane thing going (thats a whole nother review) but I will always love this place and will deal with the traffic to get there.
5	Let's put it this way -- Ticoz was so awesome that I am completely willing to come back for numerous happy hours -- even though I work about 40 minutes away, and gas is $3.75 a gallon.Cool atmosphere, unusually friendly and down-to-earth staff, quiet enough for a great conversation, plenty of parking, and lychee mojitos. What else can I say?
3	This is a decent spot for happy hour - or, in our case, second happy hour. We went here around 6 pm after going to Fez for their happy hour and having a margarita and an appetizer. We sat at the bar and were definitely happy with the ambience and service - the bartenders were all very attentive, refilling our water frequently and making sure we had everything we needed. We were still pretty hungry by the time we arrived at Ticoz from Fez, and their food definitely did not disappoint in terms of portion size! We weren't as in love with the flavors of the food, though. We got three things: the half-size Grilled Peach Salad, ($6.50), Pork Torta Sandwich ($9.75), and Crispy Calamari ($9.95). The salad was definitely fresh and had a flavorful dressing, but we were super-disappointed to discover that the peach slices (of which there were only three) were canned. Yes, they had grill marks, but grilling can't really bring out the flavor and tenderness of syrupy, almost mushy canned peaches. Disappointing. The Crispy Calamari was not too chewy, but the batter it was fried in was pretty flavorless and the lime dipping sauce could have had more kick to it. The biggest standout was definitely the Pork Torta Sandwich - the meat was really tender and flavorful (although a bit over-seasoned) and the slaw that came with it was delicious. The other highlight was my Blood Orange Margarita, which wasn't overly sweet and definitely complemented the spiciness of the pork sandwich. To sum it up - we loved the atmosphere and the service, but didn't think that the food was particularly memorable. We'd probably come back for happy hour, but not for dinner.
2	The food was "OK" for frozen, out of the bag, canned, run of the mill, heat and eat. The description makes it sound Yummy.. but the taste doesn't backup the menu (or the price).Don't get me wrong, I love my gay boys, but when you're a waiter, it's not always cool to show your "I'm a Diva" side when you're waiting on a table of 6 people that can either make your night with a good tip, or leave you a $1.00, which it wasn't even worth that. The " I'm a diva in my real life, but I'm just playing waiter tonight" attitude really sets a bad tone for the night.
5	I love this restaurant. It has great ambience and the food is wonderful. I particularly love the guacummus (guacamole hummus) sliders. It's a great place to meet friends and colleagues.
4	One of my favorite places to go for grazing and a drink or two ... ok three ...the entrees are good but I particularly love sharing 2-3 appetizers - the Guacummus is great as are the fish tacos.The dining room I love, candles and ambiance squared.  The bar and patio are great as well, comfortable seaats and attentive service.  The prices are reasonable, parking can be a tad challenging but when in doubt, Ticoz food, drinks and service will put a smile on your face and give you a nice evening to enjoy.To comment on earlier review ... ok the service is a bit ..affected, but welcome to central Phoenix, I have never had bad service just a few young men with a tad too much interest in their own coolness.
4	The chicken tacos literally tasted like cat food and were the worst I've ever had. That aside, I dig this place.Here's why...- Cool 70s-ish tables and chairs- Cozy and dark and almost cave-like (in a good way)- Great menu - lots of choices- Awesome drink menu- Drunk people whooping it up at the bar- Lots of salt on rim of margarita (and they even brought me extra salt when I asked, yay)- Lotions and potions and girly stuff in the bathroomDespite the taco situation, I just kind of want to go back. Immediately.
5	LOVE this place.  What I love most is how versatile it is.  It's one of my favorite places for lunch because its so close to the office.  Great lunch pricing because the half salads are enough to fill me up and there just $7. Can't beat that!Then after work the lounge-feel really pops and the drink menu is super fun.  One thing to warn, it's a "open" establishment with a colorful splash!  I totally enjoy it, but if you an in the box type of person, you may not so much!
4	I love Sangria and Tapas and Ticoz completed me.  After a long day of sightseeing in an unbearable sweltering Phoenix sun, we ended up at Ticoz during the 'quintesensational' happy hour.  This was a very happy ending to a very long day. Their menu offerings were affordable and bountiful.  First we ordered drinks-mojitos and sangrias, then sangrias and mojitos, then I think mojitos and mojitos-well the latter was ordered by one of our more than giddy members of our party. Order everything from the bar menu, especially the guacammus, sliders and tacos.  Service was laid back, if you don't mind asking for your waiter to get another water or can you add on another order of tacos. Atmosphere was dark with a tinge of dancy music, but it wasn't too loud so you could enjoy conversation easily.  I would definitely go back, if I didn't live so far away.
5	Mojito Mondays! Cheapest and most incredible mojitos around! They have a million flavors to choose from....my fave is mango, but I'll try anything once. I meet my stressed-out current and ex-coworkers here to unwind over drinks every couple of weeks. Get there early to find parking because the place fills up quickly for Monday happy hour! Epic.
3	The food is so-so, but the waitress with the blond spikey hair is amazing.  I wish I could remember her name...She could be one of the best in Phoenix.
4	Mojitos Monday and an awesome happy hour = nice! I love the atmosphere and decor of the bar. Love the down tempo music. Even the outdoor patio looks awesome. The mojitos are still the best I've ever had. They've changed up their menu slightly. There are plenty of flavored mojitos to try, including blackberry and mango. They nixed the Ginger Lemon martini, though, so when I asked for a Ginger Lemon mojito (a made-to-order drink I had the last time I came here), I was happy that the bartender obliged. The server seemed a tad put-off by my request. I might have irked him a bit, but I had to try the Ginger Lemon mojito to see if it was as good as I remember. It was probably the last one I'll ever had... so it was a bittersweet moment for me. My 2nd mojito was the mango one. It was tasty, but I think I prefer the more traditional (less sweet) drinks. My HH pal and I ordered the two burgers for $5. They are 1/4 lb burgers and come about medium well. Mine was super salty but tasty. We also ordered a basket of their waffle fries. Damn good! Plus, with the complimentary chips and a trio of salsa, my friend and I both agreed: we felt super stuffed afterwards. The good news? The bill was only $17 for 3 mojitos, two burgers and an order of fries. Nice! Ticoz, I'm still a huge fan of yours!
4	Love the food I've tried here so far!  Nice decor/atmosphere.  It can get VERY NOISY, though.  The pork torta sandwich (that title is repetitive... torta is Spanish for sandwich), which came with goat cheese and tamarind on grilled flatbread and sides of cole slaw and awesome waffle fries, was fantastic!  I also had the pleasure of trying my neighbor's Coconut ginger curry rice (w/ chicken).  Yummy!  Complimentary tiny dishes of dips and tortilla chips were devoured by table companions so I assume they were good. Arrive early for happy hour or dinner or you'll have to resign yourself to a long wait.
2	I'd been wanting to try Ticoz since it opened. There was so much buzz surrounding it for a couple months after it opened, and some of my gay friends still rave about it. So I finally tried it on Saturday for lunch and was a little dissapointed.First off, I don't care if you are gay. That is absolutely your choice and I respect you making choices for yourself, but please for the love of god hire ONE person that still talks like he has a pair of testicles. Every waiter, bartender, and host that we encountered was almost inaudible and spoke in such a high tone of voice that I actually thought I was speaking to women.Secondly, being the only table in the bar (+1 table in the patio area) should mean that we get decent service. Watching 4 staff members stand in a close proximity circle behind the bar talking about how much they drank last night and forgetting to bring us more drinks, a bill, my credit card back after I paid the bill, etc. is a little disconcerting. Perhaps even more disconcerting than my lack of ability to spell or my run on sentences. Finally, when I tell you that I think your Pork Chile Verde dish has an almost inedible salt content, and you reply back to me "I've been telling them that for a long time and they wont change it," it's obvious that something is going wrong in your lines of communication. You wouldn't tell me that if a) you didn't also feel that way or b) you've heard other customers say the same thing. Regardless, what you should have said is "well I appreciate the feedback sir, may I offer you another dish with a lower salt content? and I'll be sure to let the chef know what you thought as well."The atmosphere was cool, but not nearly up to Fez or Switch levels. It's obvoius that I am in the minority, but this restaurant really didn't score many points in my book.
4	Ticoz has a lovely patio and comfortable furniture to relax with friends at happy hour and also has the best chicken lettuce wraps I have ever had!
5	What a great place for lunch or dinner.  The ambiance inside is not what I expect, I was very impressed and the food is always delicious.  It's a fresh look at mexican cuisine and I will continue to recomend it to all who are looking for good restaurants.
4	I think Ticoz is a very strong 4, bordering on 5.I have only been here for dinner, but I am interested to check it out for lunch.I am in love with the guacammus. I would eat it every day if I could! I also had the sweet corn tamales, veggie style. Those were damn amazing.The atmosphere is really cool. In fact, just being in this place makes me feel cool. Service was great too.
5	This place is great! The atmosphere is wonderful, the wait staff are very friendly (and very sexy), the food is delicious, and it's not very expensive. 5 stars!
4	I love that even though Ticoz-Fez-Switch are owned by the same person, each has a distinctive style and atmosphere. After our visit to Ticoz on Saturday evening, I would say that Ticoz is FEZ's sexy Latin sister! Loved the dark amber tones that decorated the interior, and even though we sat in the main dining room, we peeked in the bar area and it looked very inviting. Our server was super nice and pleasant, and paid us just right amount of attention. We arrived a little after 7 on the Saturday night and were seated right away. The only real negative about Ticoz is that you can miss it if you don't know exactly where it is because it's not in a well lit area and, even though there is one sign near the street, you can easily miss it.I had the watermelon sangria to drink and it was delicious! It was like drinking a watermelon jolly rancher, and I liked that it came with a slice of watermelon which I enjoyed after I finished my drink. We split the calamari appetizer...while it was not to die for, it was still better than what I imagined getting in the desert; plus the breading was very light and the appetizer was only the rings and no yucky tenticles, so kudos to that! I had the chicken torta sandwich with waffle fries as my entree. The sandwich was a great size and the chicken was so tender. Their were two things I didn't like: one was that the sandwich came on grilled flatbread - I would have preferred another bread option and second, with the fries and cole slaw, it was just way too much food. It barely looked like I ate anything even though I ate the whole sandwich and quite a number of fries, which were tasty. Chris had the chicken tamales which he really enjoyed.Our bill came to $49 before tip. We used the $10 gift certifcate Chris won at the Fez UYE so after that was deducted and we added tip, our total was $50. Not too shabby at all. We'll definitely be back in the future to sit at the bar and enjoy some more good food.
5	No, it's not just a swanky metrosexual bar. I walked into Ticoz with the same perception as everyone else; 'This place is popular because it looks like a cool place to be seen"  And like many places in Phoenix/Scottsdale, the trendy swank restaurants are more hype than substance. I walked in here thinking this is another place that could serve dog shit but if they dress it up with a nice drinks, good looking people and a Crate and Barrel catalog, it will get 5 stars.So my wife and I chose to eat here in the afternoon when it wasn't busy. We actually ordered food in addition to drinks. I was shocked. The food was actually delicious....not, not good....delicious. The food has a lot of flavor and is well prepared without it being heavy.  At the same time, the food is still well grounded in Mexican ingredients so you are not eating fru frue eclectic dishes that are designed to be different just for the sake of being so.  Therefore, you won't see Octopus tacos with cinammon salsa...no nothing like that.  I had a wondefully slow cooked  pork that was served in a spicy sauce over cheese enchilada.   They have a fresh citrus Paella that is fragrant and flavorful without being too greasy. The margaritas were disappointing. They were strong with no flavor.  It was like drinking lemon flavored tequila.  HOWEVER, the mojitos were out of this world.Finally, to the reviewer below who had an issue with the gay staff....what were you thinking when you entered the place...that they had a waiter sitting on the bench that they recruited from Black Angus just for people like you?  Would the food and drinks taste better if a dude "with testicles" served you?
4	Ticoz is not a bad place.  The menu is eclectic-american and the service has always been friendly, consistent, and attentive.  All the food I've had there has been decent and the prices aren't bad either.  This is a gay friendly restaurant so it's a good place to consider for a same-sex date.  It's also a good place for large groups.
4	I'm a picky eater, let me put that out there. So the first time I stepped into Ticoz "Resto-Bar" and read the menu, I nixed it, decided on something else to eat, and avoided it for awhile.Then one day I was starving and interested in something new, so when my boyfriend suggested the resto-bar, I threw my hands up and said "why not!"Food was nice and salty! We had the gucahummus which was good. I had the tortilla soup, which is now one of my favorite foods evah! It's so delish.Over time I've also tried the empanadas, which are just as delightful. They also have a "recession buster" plate for $5 or so, which feeds a hungry man pretty well. Not bad!But the tortilla soup!
4	This place has delightful ambiance. It's very date-friendly. I sat in one of the tables with the RED CHAIR. The proportion was a little odd. The chair was too tall and its arms kept touching the table. It made it was hard to maneuver my arms around it. Our server was very nice. She seemed to be knowledgeable about their menu, which is very important. I ordered the Grilled Burrito with the Pork it was delicious!!I love the chips and the 3 sauces that come with it. very tasty.
3	I can't decide if I like this place or not. They have really good happy hour and brunch specials on drinks, but I'm still undecided on the food. I've been here three or four times, and I've tried a variety of their foods...I just don't know. I can't really point out anything that was wrong with it. The first three or four bites are always delicious...but then it just gets boring. It's just the same flavors repeated over and over again. I've never experienced good service while I was there either. It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't good. Today, I had to ask the waiter to bring me another iced tea after I had been sipping on empty for a few minutes. He got side tracked once he started waiting on some cute gay guys who came in and never did bring me another drink. On the flip side, we went there for happy hour once and they accidentally charged my friend only $0.03 for 2 drinks. When we pointed it out, they said it was their fault so not to worry about it. All in all...it's just okay. It will never be my choice as a restaurant, but if someone else wants to go I wouldn't be upset.
3	Perhaps I am nitpicking, but my overall experience at Ticoz was marred by their use of canned fruits (in their pineapple salsa and on their "grilled" peach salad) The lack of attention to these small details really took away from the overall quality and enjoyment of our meal. Otherwise, Ticoz had great ambiance, tasty food and drinks, and was reasonable priced. However, I don't think I will return for dinner. . Or if I do, I will avoid anything containing fruit :)
4	My husband and I went here with another couple on Valentine's day (non-traditional I know, but a ton of fun none-the-less). Things that I really liked included my mojito(s), my shrimp and lobster enchilada (the dinner special for the evening), the rice, our waiter, the music, the lounge. Things that I was just sort of "eh" about included the chips and salsa, the bathrooms, the corn mush, the dessert. To be more specific, the enchilada in particular was amazing - shrimp and roasted corn inside, bits of lobster in a spicy cream sauce on the outside. The dessert consisted of three particularly horrid "iced butter cakes" that tasted sort of like Little Debbies that had sat out overnight. But since I was so stuffed full of yummy food and floating away on a sea of expertly mixed mojitos...I am going to just remove one star and call it good. I want to go back here on a more casual night and grab some "small plates" in the lounge. This could become part of our regular rotation.
3	I am with Jamie C. on this one.  I think maybe I will have to come back to make my final decision.  Our server was great!  I wish i would have got his name so I could mention him by name... very attentive!  I enjoyed the 2 glasses of sangria I had, but Michael was not that enthused about his mojito.  He switched to Stella for his second:).  For our entrees we shared the calamari and their special which was a blue corn chicken enchilada.  The calamari was very tasty!  I really liked the sauces that came with them and we ate it all!  The enchiladas were very tasty too.  There were many shared plates that I wanted to try so I will definitely come back!
4	The spouse and I have been going to Ticoz for about two years now, and we still can't get over the ridiculously made-up name "Resto-Bar." I guess "Restaurant & Bar" was too long to fit on the sign. So every time we go, we speak in a thick Transylvanian accent that probably comes out sounding like the Count from Sesame Street... "Lez go to ze Resto-Bar, bwa-ha-ha-ha-ha."The food has been reliably good... though it seems like the menu hasn't changed since they opened. And it's not too expensive. But more importantly (because we're boozers) they serve fantastic drinks. I could kill an entire pitcher of their sangria. Spouse lives for the Coconut Lime Mojitos. Side-note: the first time we ate there just after they opened, our server lost balance of his tray and dumped several cocktails in our friend's lap. That server doesn't work there anymore... he's now a shirtless bartender at Forbidden (not that I stalked him or anything).I do love the dimly lit, orange-and-brown ambiance at Ticoz. Look around... you'll notice that EVERY item in the place is from IKEA. (Same goes for sister restaurants Fez and Switch.) It constantly amazes me how contemporary and chic (EDIT: oh jeez, I totally spelled that "sheik" when I first wrote this) they decorate their dining rooms with friggin' IKEA.Get the guaca-hummus. It rules.
4	We stopped here for a tasty lunch one afternoon and had a pretty charming experience.  The food was delicious, albeit the lunch portions seemed smaller than common sense would dictate, even at the reduced prices we were charged.The booze was expensive, but the service was impeccable and it made for an enjoyable lunch. I'd go back and pay dinner prices for a little more hearty meal.  My first taste indicates it might be worth the price.
4	Great atmosphere, great food, and great drinks. This is pretty much all I look for from a great restaurant. Check it out at your earliest convenience.
1	4 STARS???If I could I would be all up in giving 0 stars in this motherfucker.I visited Ticoz based on the many good reviews. FAIL!Is TICOZ short for TOSTITOS?Because I swear... the chips served by the waiter were out of a cellophane bag from Costco. Margarita.... more ice than anything. Bleh.Service.... poor. We waited to be seated. We waited to have a drink order taken. Waited to get our drinks. The main courses were bizarre to say the least.The "tamales" were more like 2 scoops of sweet corn polenta.The shrimp were in a pile next to it, rubbery, frozen, slightly off flavored. The rice and beans, generic.The burgers were more like sliders. I think the burgers are prepared far in advance and assembled prior to serving. The bun was made soggy by the watery salsa. The mayo... became watery from the salsa as well. The cole slaw was bleh. The waffle fries were decent.The waiter was just weird. He was disengaged, unfriendly, and sluggish.Yo what be up wit yo foolz an yo fo stah reviews?!@!One of the worst places I have eaten in Phoenix - super trendy looking, with miserable vittles.1 star, only because there is no way to give 0 stars.Word is bond!
4	I made my second visit to Ticoz last night and there will be return visits in my future. The cons: My biggest complaint are the tortilla chips, I think they are San Pablo brand, the kind you pick up from Shamrock Foods(the hubs works there)....not bad chips but they are the same brand served at my school cafeteria. It just seems out of place in an establishment like this. The pros: Both times I have been here I have had the pork chili verde. The chili verde is served over two cheese enchiladas with a side of beans and saffron rice. They drizzle a chipotle cream sauce over the beans which is awesome. I found myself squeezing a taste of the beans and cream sauce with every bite I took. The chili verde itself has a little bit of spice too it, but the enchiladas compliment it nicely. The passion fruit sangria is very good. Good enough that I am pretty confident I could easily finish off a pitcher myself. A good blend of citrus, without being overly sweet. Both times the service has been good and we did not have to wait. Ticoz joins my list of places I have not taken my husband too, yet...
5	I've been to Ticoz many times for lunch and they never disappoint. My favorites are their brunch with the 1 dollar drinks and a huge breakfast burrito or their enchiladas. So tasty! Their chef Holly is very friendly and all the staff are awesome.
5	The staff is extremely friendly. Even though their menu does not look terribly vegan-friendly the chef is quite accommodating.  I've had their tacos and burrito made vegan and they were fantastic. Their guacummus (guacamole-hummus) is fabulous and my husband and I buy a container of it weekly at their Sat. farmer's market. I've also had their Chop Chop salad without the cheese and it was a great combination of flavors. Their atmosphere is nice and their patio allows dogs which is a huge plus in my book.
5	We ended up at Ticoz last saturday night with some friends, what can I say the atmosphere is great.  The Food was delicious, the drinks were well made and the service was spot-onI ordered the Jumbo Crispy Chimichanga, I have a bit of a love affair with chimichanga's and this dish did not disappoint.  They really don't joke around when they say "JUMBO" i barely finished it and left most of my rice and beans on the plate.We also ordered some queso the chips for this are amazing, it's a shame they don't serve the same chips as courtesy chips but I can undestand due to cost, My wife pointed out to me that they were San Pablo chips which are perfectly good and distributed by my company which in a way eating here put's a few cents in my 401K.I had a peach margarita that was subtle and perfect.and our waiter was kind of sassy, but in an amusing humorous kind of way, actually he was very attentive.We will definitely be back, our waiter told us about a weekly brunch which I'd be enticed to try too.
4	Ticoz is a great spot to go to grab some flavorful, vegetarian friendly food.  And they have great happy hour specials!  My favorite dishes are the veggie tacos and the waffle fries (to die for!)  Atmosphere is modern and casual.  If it's great weather, make sure you eat at the patio.
4	Day drinking at Ticoz is about the most fun one could have on a Sunday afternoon. Robert M, Ayesha S and I made Ticoz our second drinking stop yesterday (following Postino) because we were picking Dottsy up from the airport and needed to find something to occupy our time. As goes for most any situation, libations came to the rescue!I'd had an assortment of margaritas Friday night and decided my new favorite is the blackberry, which I had three yesterday. We also ordered the chicken quesadilla and chicken nachos. Both were good, albeit somewhat overcooked for my liking.Previously, I've had the sangria and while not nearly as good as Dottsy's it suits the purpose.
5	This place is officially my new favorite happy hour drink spot! The atmosphere inside feels so cozy, yet there's plenty of space. I always like going to places where you can opt for a couch or barstools, depending on your mood or the size of your group. The drink specials were awesome - half price signature drinks and sangria: yum! (The happy hour specials run from 4 - 6:30 pm.) There were so many different flavors of margaritas and mojitos that it was almost like they had issued me a challenge to try them all. And after I had the peach margarita, I am definitely willing to try. Also worth the trip is one of those giant glasses of sangria - pretty tasty and on special during happy hour as well.  The free chips and salsa left a bit to be desired; generic bagged tortilla rounds and a trio of salsas that looked a lot better posed on the tray than they actually tasted. We had an appetizer special (shrimp & masa fritters) with the intention to order more, but filled up on drinks instead. Can't wait to try the other menu options!
2	Ticoz used to be good. The mojitos are good but there are better out there for less money. What ever happened to Mojito Mondays? They used to have these cinnamon flautas on the menu, they were the only reason I went to Ticoz, everything else, you can get elsewhere which means, nothing special.So they took the flautas off the menu, then they put them back on but changed them. I decided to give them a try, they were so not the same (they were bland and gross) and included a hair, nice touch! The salsas are decent but the chips always taste stale. There is one server there that is extremely full of herself and I always seemed to be in her section, so that was yuck too.  She made the whole experience uncomfortable.There are better places out there that stay consistent. The only consistency at Ticoz is their stale chips.
3	Delicious food, good service, nice atmosphere. Drinks are too expensive except during happy hour. Last time I went we were seated next to the kitchen - worst seats in the house - though there was no one else in the joint; menu doesn't display non-alcoholic drinks (you must ask or guess) - otherwise I'd give 4 stars.
3	Went here for drinks (imagine that).  We had some of their specialty drinks.  Not bad.  We went there a while ago.  My husband refers to it as the "fuzzy green pillow place".  Haven't been back in a while. We will have to try it again soon.
5	I went to Ticoz this weekend for brunch and really enjoyed myself.  I had the french toast sticks which came with bacon, and I was told that it also came with strawberries and raspberries.  Well, holy cow....the "strawberries and raspberries" were really the star attraction of this meal.  The fruit was served as a parfait in a large wine glass.  A base of granola, topped with the berries, then topped with a VERY generous serving of fresh whipped cream!  Yum-O!  I hardly touched the french toast after eating my parfait.  I would order this one on its own!Also, for brunch, they have mimosas and bloody mary's for two dollars.  What a steal!Head to Ticoz for your next brunch, you won't be disappointed.
3	Cute little spot with a great bar.  We were here at an odd time of day, so it was pretty empty.  But, our waiter was super friendly and chatty.I ordered the grilled peaches salad, which came with dried cherries and goat cheese.  The salad and the dressing were good, but the peaches were CANNED.  I guess I figured that, it being summer and all, the peaches would be fresh.  But, no, so that kinda ruined it for me.  But, the drinks were excellent and the place was nice.
4	In a city teeming with Mexican and Spanish cuisine, Ticoz offers more.  Its melange of Latin inspired dishes, lovingly prepared by Chef Holly Gibson, offer a variety of flavors from Puerto Penasco (Ticoz Street Tacos) to the Caribbean (Coconut GInger Curry Rice).I had the opportunity to speak with Chef Holly when coming here for a "YAP." (Yelper Appreciation Party)  Invitees were lured by drink tickets and a specially prepared spread.  Ticoz' reputation had previously awakened my culinary curiosity, so this was my first experience of the restaurant and its food.Ahhh, the sight before me when I walked into the restaurant brought back visions of nights in Puerto Vallarta; ordering tacos and tostadas from street vendors at 2 in the morning.  Or was it the talk I had with Chef Holly, when she talked of her inspiration for one of Ticoz Signatures?  Though she grew up in Arizona (so rare, i know!) she spent much time in Mexico, vacationing with family.  It is here where she discovered the "street taco" and brought it back to Phoenix. I was to enjoy four of these ambrosial tacos the night of the event.  House braised meats on soft corn tortillas, festooned with cabbage, and blanketed with chipotle and an avocado crema.  To give the right amount of tribute, I want to describe Chef Holly's simple secrets to the taco meats.  The chicken is braised  in pineapple and chipotle, the beef in lime and cilantro, and the pork in orange and clove.  These make for distinct flavor combinations, and the juiciest and most tender meat.   The tacos caused a great well being, as everyone was magically transported to the Mayan riviera, with a cold margarita in hand.I have to digress here, because i just typed one of my favorite words.  Margarita.  I easily enjoyed four of them, to go with the four tacos.  I could not help myself, they were pure titillation.  Not to mention, all the exotic libations are1/2 off between the hours of 4:00p-6:30p.   An unbeatable value, considering the average tropical cocktail here costs only $7.   In addition, the owners were extremely generous in offering its "Yelping" patrons two free drink tickets - even for 16oz. of jubilation.  The drinks deserve a list all on their own:#1 Coconut Margarita.  (who would have thunk that agave and coconut make great bedfellows? a first for me, now i will never go back to anything less than...)#2  Passion Fruit Margarita. (a contender for the number one spot. perfect balance of ingredients - so much so that one hardly tastes the tequila and instead thinks they are plucking Maracuya from the vine.)#3 Blackberry Margarita. (hold me back! I thought there was nothing more divine than a blackberry capirinha.)#4 Lychee Margarita. (this sweet and fragranced fruit makes the cadillac margarita pale in comparison)I will not admit to drinking any more than the above stated, but I did sample the other signature cocktails such as the kiwi white sangria, and the peach mojito.  With so many exotic and enticing blendings of flavors, I was overwhelmed.  The list of flavor combinations for mojitos and sangrias, as well as margaritas and martinis goes on...I only wished my liver had not been so well fortified after my drinking expedition.  I would have explored the wilds of this potable jungle, but I settled instead with putting the flowers, that came as decorative adornments in the drinks, in my hair.So, after that wonderful veer, my focus was back on the food.  Other items my taste buds explored on the generous spread were the BBQ meat sliders, as well as the pork tostillados and guacummus.  What is guacammus?  It is Ticoz famous blend of house made guacamole and garlic hummus - a unique gathering of mediterranean and caribbean.  Go Chef Holly!What one will find here on the appetizer menu are the characteristic  southwestern and even south american comfort foods such as empanadas (a taste of buenos aires) and flautas.  In addition to the guacammus, the basket of corn waffle fries seasoned wtih lime and chipotle distinguishes this eatery from the rest.More than a half dozen salads grace the menu, with unique ingredients such as grilled peaches or hearts of palm.  Burgers and sandwhiches are available for the unadventurous, but the signature dishes is where Ticoz defines itself as a Latin Restaurant.From the house Paella prepared in a citrus saffron broth, to the shrimp and lobster arroz in crab filled coconut rice - Ticoz will give you a small tour of the Latin World.
2	Ok, you definitely have to be down with the gays to like this place.  Even a homo like myself can at times be scared by the crazy gays that work there.  I recommend the chicken burrito but that's about it.  Their cocktails are always pumped full of sugar and make you sick.
3	Consider this 3.5 stars for now...a return trip is merited.Chef Holly wowed me with the delicious food at the UYE YAP at Ticoz a week ago.  So much so that we decided to return for a lunch date.I was not as impressed on the lunch date.  I had the burgers (two decent sized burgers served on slider sized buns) and subbed green beans for my fries.  The burgers were fine.  The green beans were pretty good but it was kind of difficult getting to them.  I had to talk my way to subbing a vegetable for the fries (I was on a low-carb diet...mercifully done with that) because "they don't do substitutions"...they "don't really have vegetables"..."maybe we can do something"..."I think we can do some green beans."All in all I will return to Ticoz for a third visit and update from there.  It was kind of odd to be wowed the first visit and underwhelmed the second.
4	I'm a big fan of this place.  Not as pretentious as Fez, more welcoming, down to earth, and the food's pretty darn good, makes for a great place to hang out with friends and chat.  I've been here about five times over the last two years and never had a bad experience.  Never been hassled about my attire.  Service is always decent, decor is nice, and the food is interesting if a bit pricey.  Still, I think it is worth it.
4	Very cool, spacious dining room decked out in black and red. Friendly servers, although a little slow. Delicious food - the chips are fresh and warm, and the three different salsas are all amazing; the grilled peach salad was more like canned peach salad, but still was light, tasty, and refreshing on a hot summer day; and the jumbo grilled burrito...wow! There are so many good authentic Mexican places in this area, but this burrito would probably top them all! The passion fruit slaw and masa-thing on the side were equally wonderful...so much flavor! Like its siblings Fez and Switch, Ticoz offers terrific food in a hip but casual atmosphere perfect for a work lunch or night out.
5	i've gone to switch and fez a lot more. but after my sunday morning brunch, ticoz is my new brunch spot (not because i don't like switch or fez). but simply because cheandra was soooo awesome. so, definitely sit at the bar.
4	Ticoz is a chill spot, and like it's sister spots Fez and Switch has a well thought out menu.  Here they have healthy southwestern dishes that do not weigh you down.  I  also like the weekend drink specials as a cheap hangover medicine or a chance to repeat my debauchery.  The staff is always jolly and attentive,  but Cheandra seemed to stand out as a great bartender and server, keeping pace with my date and I's every need.  I highly recommend taking a break from the sun to visit this cool, quiet and relaxing place;  and say hi to Cheandra for me!!!
5	This place is a great neighborhood restaurant.  The food is great and the people there are fantastic. Fun people like Jack, Joey, Robert, Pablo and Cheandra always make you feel welcome.  Chef Holly comes up with some fun and different specials that are always a MUST.
4	This place kicks ass in the customer service area!  The waiter was swift taking orders, refilling drinks, bringing the food, and the bill. The special was couscous with some veggies and a mystery red sauce. Didn't matter it was good.  It almost felt sad that the whole 12" sized dinner plate was cheaper than a happy meal minus the sweat shop made toy.  Was full until now, midnight.  and what better meal to snack on late at night? A trashy hot pocket...alla cuisine! Rada and I have to have fun on a dime, so this place and it's 5 dollar special was a match made in heaven for us.  The waiters were cute...too bad they're gay -_- it's just a label right? tee hee 4 stars, good service, cute service, good food, cheap food.
4	I'm pretty sure I would have to give Ticoz 3.5 stars based on this last visit but since I'm such a fan of Swtich and Fez, I'll bump it up to 4 stars.  We finally completed the trinity by getting to Ticoz over the labor day weekend.  They were having some amazing deals on sangria and we wanted to meet up with friends after First Fridays so it seemed like the perfect chance.The decor is amazing.  Love the lounge area around the bar, especially the couches.  We sat over in the bar and met up with our friends.  I don't know how long they had been there but they didn't have their drinks yet when we arrived and the waiter didn't exactly rush to come over and take our order.  When he did, he was gone for what seemed like forever getting our drinks.  They came out eventually and they were great.Then we all ordered some food and I personally got the guacummus or whatever it is.  I'd been dying to try it and totally glad I did.  It was an amazing combo and the pita bread and black corn tortilla chips really made it a great late night meal.  We ordered some more drinks and enjoyed our food.  Everyone seemed to be really happy with their food.So later in the night, a large section of our group decided they were going to head back to Scottsdale so they asked for their bill.  It took our waiter a while to get their bills and then to pick them back up.  Our friends were a bit annoyed because they really wanted to get out of there before it got too late.  Once they had left, the waiter barely paid any attention to us.  The funny thing about it is that all of our friends who left were gay and those of us who stayed, are straight.  This fits in with my theory from Fez where only gays get attentive service.  We practically had to yell at our waiter to get any more drinks by that point in the evening and then, without asking if we were done, he just brought us our bills.  I guess he was ready for us to leave.  In all, it was sort of a mixed experience.  As with Switch and Fez, the service can be terrible on a busy night but great on a normal night.  I'll update my review after going back for dinner some time.  I will be going back though - without a doubt.
5	During my solo vacation in Phoenix, I decided to check out Ticoz for dinner on a night when I wanted to put on a dress and look cute.  The ambiance of the restaurant was great and suitable for my attire (you can be casual or slightly dressy and still fit in).Since I was by myself, I sat at the bar, which is small - but sufficient.  There are no TVs, which is good if you want to socialize and don't care about sports.   The music was great, and I immediately felt at home when I heard Los Amigos Invisibles playing :)The bartender and rest of the wait staff were pleasant and efficient.  They were cute too, but I immediately knew I was in a gay-friendly establishment so they were unattainable.  But regardless of their preference, Michael was particularly nice and chatted with me telling me about various places to go for fun in the area.  This is always nice when you're new to an area and by yourself.  I didn't order an alcoholic drink, but my sprite was miraculously refilled several times without my even asking - so kudos to the bartender for taking care of me.  I ordered enchiladas topped with pork at the recommendation of the bartender, and they were delicious!!  Quite a large serving for me, a petite female, but delicious all the same.A great restaurant with great decor and atmosphere.  One comment - this place needs a dance floor so folks can get their salsa on!
3	Well before I was just set on a 3.5 star rating but now that I've eaten here, I have to settle on a 3 star.  We went for a Saturday lunch looking forward to a great meal.  Our waiter took a while to get to us but it did seem like he was doing absolutely everything from bar tender to busser. He was nice enough when he came over and was pretty quick about getting our drinks.  This is where I encountered my first problem.  I ordered the passion fruit sangria and it was full of...oranges.  Now maybe they define passion fruit differently than I do but I don't think oranges are very passionate.  In any event, it was just okay.  I may stick with the Kiwi ones.I ordered the Watermelon Salad that I thought was pretty good.  It had nice flavor and all of the greens were fresh and tasty.  I thought it was good, it just wasn't the greatest thing ever.I'll still end up going back...it is way too cool of a location.  I'll try something more substantial next time and will probably have a better review.  Until then...
4	I finally came to Ticoz, thus completing the holy trinity (FEZ, Switch, & Ticoz).  I liked it here, but not as much as the other two places.  First off, I LOVE the decor.  It's very cool and contemporary, but it has a warm Spanish flair that really suits the place.  The bar area is really cool, like the place where all the cool kids would hang out.  You would never expect any of this just by looking at the outside of the building.For food, I ordered the Latin Passion salad which was a tasty mix of field greens and baby spinach topped with pinto beans, jack cheese, corn, tortilla strips, and mixed with a sweet and spicy tropical dressing.  You also get tomatoes and cilantro, but I opted out, yuck!  The salad was really big, and I only ordered the half size!  I definitely couldn't finish it.  The greens were all very fresh and all the toppings added lots of great textures and subtle flavors.  The dressing was really great.  I usually don't like spicy stuff, but I really enjoyed this dressing.  It was really light but the spice gave it a full flavor.I also tasted some of the french fries and passion slaw that my Mom In Law had.  The slaw was really yummy and very different from the slaw you would expect.  The fries were okay, not really my favorite.  We also had a trio of salsas served to us before our meal and I tried two of them.  Again, I don't like tomatoes, so this is a bit uncommon.  One of the salsas was a pineapple salsa and it was delicious.  The sweet tangy flavor of the pineapple was perfect with the super salty tortilla chips.  I also tried the very spicy salsa that didn't have chunks of anything in it and it was also very good... in very small doses.Overall, I liked Ticoz, but it isn't really my favorite kind of food.  I'm just too picky.  I will probably be back and hopefully I can expand my culinary horizons just a bit.
5	Why the hell did no one drag me to Ticoz before now? Seriously, you all call yourselves my friends? I'm disappointed and saddened everyone kept this secret to themselves.As usual I was craving breakfast this morning and was able to convince the amazing Tony A. to meet me somewhere. He recommended Ticoz. I will go out on a limb and say this probably ties for one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. Similar to Bri D., I am practice a non-tomato diet, and therefore, usually have issues with many places I eat at. I suspected I would have to order everything today minus tomato. However, I was clearly wrong.Let's start with the salsa and chips. For brunch. Yum. One of the salsas was pineapple based, which in itself would've made me completely content. Had my breakfast not arrived in a timely fashion I would've asked for them to take the other two away and replace it with three bowls of the pineapple salsa. Establishments that can make a great salsa without the use of tomatoes are hard to find. Along with my salsa and chips (I swear I didn't eat the salsa only with a spoon despite my desire to) I had a $2 mimosa. Yep. Only $2. It was super fantastic and had minimal amount of pulp which I also appreciate, not to mention that it looked sunshiny and happy.I went with the huevos rancheros for breakfast, which is comprised of 3 eggs any way you like, green chili, pulled pork, and potatoes. Um, please Sir, may I have another? It was one of those just about perfectly sized meals (had I not front loaded on salsa and chips) that made me all happy inside as I consumed it. The server told me it would be spicy. It did have a kick, but a little more of one would've been welcome.Stepping away from the food, the service was prompt and the staff was super friendly from the moment I walked in the door before I could take my sunglasses off until I was headed out the door on my way home. Very conversational. Very prompt. Very much appreciated. The prices were also extremely reasonable. Although the menu for brunch is limited, at least half the items appealed to me, which means there is hope of a future trip.I adored the laid back decor which was perfect on a Sunday morning. The colors were warm and inviting and the seating was creative. The bigger chairs at the table though almost don't work for short people, but I managed. I want to go back again. Now.
5	We chose Ticoz for my father's B-day dinner Monday 9/28. My dad enjoys their sister restaurants so we thought we'd try it & we were NOT Disappointed! Matt was our delightful server. I should start off by stating that Phoenix in general has showcased it's customer service industry (be it food svc, hardware stores, grocery stores..what have you) as BEYOND POOR. Matt made our evening special & worth me writing in. To start I requested extra pineapple salsa bc I heard it was yummy. He went above & beyond by bringing out 3 sides of it!!! Secondly my stepmother is a coffeeaholic & her cup was NEVER EMPTY. I MEAN NEVER. Matt ran his butt off to refill our waters, teas, coffee, happy hour drinks. He brought my dad a bday dessert. Overall he did everything right: he was educated on vegan/vegetarian dishes (again a very appreciated asset in Phx), he made great happy hour drink suggestions, he never rushed us or acted like we were inconveniencing him by asking questions etc, food was beautiful, perfect temp and he picked my dad's dish which he ate EVERYTHING ON THIS Plate except the lime rind & loved it. He's got the up sell rule in place bc he brought a dessert menu which we bought 2 additional desserts. He also told us of some promotional offers they restaurant had going on etc. All in all when we return to Ticoz or switch we WILL be asking for Matt. On a side note the restaurant was clean, had nice lighting & decor, ladies bathroom was nice, greeters/hosts were quick to greet which is always a plus  and they asked our seating preference. KUDOS TICOZ!!!!!
1	Maybe this will be better:The food was gross period. IN MY OPINION (that's for the owner)  and the beef tacos tasted like what I would imagine dog food would taste like. Wet, nasty .99 cent dog food. It was one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had, the service was snarky and bitchy and on a Saturday night it was DEAD. *shocking*. I see a lot more nights like that in your future Ticoz. This place will never see another dime of my money. So sue me.  :)
1	You can't point fingers and blame others when clearly inferior product (In my opinion) is the problem. I have no ill will toward any establishment. If you want good reviews, provide quality ingredients and good service. It's that simple. If this much effort was put into creating a positive dining experience, I wouldn't have written such a negative review in the first place. Now go away.
4	I'm the newest fan of Ticoz after trying it last week for the first time. Myself and two wonderful ladies...shout out to Dottsy Z!..hit up happy hour on a beautiful Wednesday evening. Only happy hour turned into happy HOURS! Things I loved: *the over all vibe and styling of the place. Great decor and great hint of Spanish flair without over doing it. *the food was excellent. I had some chips and salsa which were pretty standard. The tacos, although, were outstanding. I had one chicken and one beef. The beef was AWESOME! I am trying to eat red meat only two times per week and I may just have to have both meals be these tacos! *The service was great as well. I've heard people say this place is "gay friendly". This day and age, "friendly" anything is wonderful. But seriously, our server/bartender was very knowledgeable, friendly, and prompt. I can't wait to head back to dine on the patio and explore the menu more!
2	Overpriced & overrated.  I had drinks & dinner here once with the BF.  The bartender was super cute, accommodating & friendly. The wait staff was friendly. The food was on the steep side and frankly not so great.  Perhaps my expectations were overblown as I'd heard so many good things about TICOZ over the years.  The thing that skanked me out the most was an app that I'd had high hopes for -- a curious blend of 2 of my fave things lin life (fresh hummus & fresh guac), but it really failed as an ensemble.  The chef was super awesome & she came out and chatted with us.  Not b/c I complained or anything.  Just cuz...  I liked that.All in all I owe TICOZ another visit b/c I feel like I missed something...but I'll have to wait until I get that raise...
5	I'm a pretty regular client of this eatery, and it's always good. Chef Holly offers plenty of good, solid Southwest fare as well as some more innovative plates. The calamari is outstanding, as are the huge dinner salads. The staff are friendly and efficient. The drink specials are tough to resist. All of the food is worth trying. Do yourself a favor and drop in on the weekend for their brunch. The huevos rancheros are to die for.Take  the screechy, adolescent rant left by a certain reviewer with a large grain of salt...it smells of personal vendetta and a need for attention.
5	I have been to Ticoz at least 5 times in the last year.  Each experience has been great- with attentive wait staff, great, fresh food, and  I always leave with a "glad I came here" feeling.Here's a brief rundown-  1st visit I shared ticoz burgers had a Deep Blue salad.  Divine.  Loved the Sangria.  2nd visit I took my 12 year old, who had the palm frond and I the Latin passion salad.3rd (or 4th)  visit- with friends, had a couple mojitos and shared pork tostaditas, green corn tamales, guacahummus, and chop chop salad.Last I recall- this summer- met my sis, we had a couple mojitos, shared 2 ticoz burgers, tostadillas and lettuce wraps.Food is consistently fresh- wait staff is friendly and attentive, and the environment exudes an "all are welcome" feel.  I appreciate the electletic melding of foods and think that their chef is a forward-thinking risktaker.  If you want prectable, go to Applebee's.  If you want something more cutting edge, Ticoz is it.  Note- on the "good for kids"  --no kids menu.  If you have older children, or those attune to dining out (fast food doesn't count) they will be fine.  If you have precious fidget-worms, they won't be very happy here.
5	Im a new fan.. I have been wanting to try this place and when my bf wanted to meet me for lunch near his firm .. I suggested this ..since I know its a coolmobee on yelp! Upon first walk on in.. its trendy.. and right up my liking.. It looks ultra bar ish.. yet friendly in the downtown.. They have a cool cheap $8.95 lunch menu.. but I opted for sharing the guacahummus with pita chips and pita bread with Mark and was jonesn' for the grilled peach salad.. Opting for the small and it was more than enough.. Mark got the enchiladas and it was more than enough.. Ticoz you won us over.. And its a nice touch that the chef came over to see if everyone was happy... friendly, friendly.. Love it!
5	I'm a little bit in love with Ticoz right now. What did it?$2 margarita Wednesdays, of course!Delicious and strong. We've been going weekly to taste all of the different flavors. The passion fruit one is my favorite at the moment. The martini's are also fantastic, but I can't afford those all the time :)I don't always order food, but when I do I am pleased as punch. I had veggie enchiladas and everything on my plate was delightful. I've also had the caesar salad, which was crisp and zingy and perfect. I'm happy with the service. Ricky is my favorite. I also adore the sweet young man who works the bar. We had a weird experience the other night though, when an employee kept hitting on my date (HELLO! GAY RESTUARANT! SHE'S A DYKE, BACK OFF! Silly boy) but that has never happened before. Now that we have a card that tells us what the daily drinks specials are, we will surely be back more often. We'll be there on Wednesdays, of course, if nothing else!
5	Monday night and I was already downtown for this Inside the Trenches thing and I was hungry.  My friend suggested Ticoz and it was perfecto, unlike the weather that night.  A storm was brewing when we pulled into the packed parking lot, so we decided to sit near the windows in the lounge area of the bar.  We started off with Sangria.   He had the watermelon and I had the passion fruit.  Both were delicious.  The watermelon was made with blush wine and came with a big slice of watermelon.  So, I guess you really need to like watermelon if you plan on ordering that.  I preferred the passion fruit made with red wine.  For dinner I ordered a big ol' burrito covered in cheese and my friend got the tacos.  Everything was great and let me tell you, that burrito was the biggest thing I've ever seen.  Bring a hearty appetite.  The server was super friendly and talked me through all his favorites since I couldn't make up my mind.The best part of the night was when a complete stranger offered us a piece of her birthday cake.  Isn't that sweet?  She shared with the entire bar.  I guess looking back, you shouldn't take cake from strangers but I figured it was safe since the entire bar was eating it.  I can't wait to go back and try everything on the menu, seriously I want to try everything.  The lounge in the bar has a great atmosphere and we spent hours eating, drinking, and talking.
4	Sit at the bar, order tacos and sangria. you will not be disappointed.**you might be disappointed if you do not like techno music and a wide variety of alternative relationships being showcased around you. If you like to eat/drink and have a little social interaction and have an open mind, then this place is for you.
4	Hole in the wall? Yes.Worth the adventure? Yes.Ticoz is a semi-swanky oasis in the middle of the Camelback colonnade of car lots. With its sheer curtains and dim lighting, it's a nice little hideaway where the drinks are tasty and the food is delicious. I met up with a friend here for happy hour, and we sat in the bar area. They have bar snacks which are actually tapas (smaller sized portions) of some of their main dishes, so it was great to be able to order several of these and share them - and they were really reasonably priced too! The empanadas are tasty, and the nachos are alright, but my favorite was the guacamole. It's the verde you're looking for in the brown desert of Phoenix...
4	TicozI have to admit, I was a skeptic after the first time I went here. The Sangria was great but I was not a fan of the food. Considering that the drinks had been so good, I decided to give it another shot, and I am glad that I did. My second visit even got Ticoz an extra star from me.First visit:I came here during happy hour on a weekday night because I had been really interested in checking it out. The first thing I did was order a Passion Fruit Sangria. It was amazing by the way and tasted very homemade! I then decided to get some food. There was a lot on the menu that caught my eye, but I decided to play it safe with a burrito. The waitress then recommended the tilapia, which sounded like a winner. It's then that I noticed the toppings for the burritos; there was enchilada style and queso style. Thinking that some melted cheese on my burrito would take the taste over the top, I ordered it that way. -- Let me just say really quickly that the waitress was pretty fantastic, though she sounded a bit scripted. That's understandable though considering the place started packing in a crowd. -- Now, back to the food. I was completely baffled when I saw my burrito. It was completely covered in cheese. Normally this would have been great, but in this case it was covered in what looked to be movie theater nacho cheese. Ticoz is a swanky place so I brushed it off and gave it a taste. No joke, it tasted like movie theater nacho cheese. I had no idea what I had done to my food! When I think of "queso style" I think of shredded cheese melted over the burrito via a broiler or something. The contents of the burrito were delicious, but the topping soiled their flavor (I even tried to scrape it off). I left Ticoz that night wishing that I had ordered something else to eat.This leads us to visit number two...Second visit:This time I decided to go for breakfast and I am pleased to say that I had a great time. Two dollars mimosas and pork chile verde in the morning hit the spot! To condense this visit to a sentence: The drinks were just as good as before and the food was great!I can now say that I like Ticoz and I am happy to be able to say so. My one request is for them to lay off the cheese sauce for their burrito. Now go check out their happy hour!
4	Started off with the Kiwi Chard sangria which was excellent.  I ordered my favorite the Posole mmmmmmm so yummy.  It has cabbage, radishes, pork, and hominy and the broth is a chili lime and it's just great.  I then had the chili ceaser salad which was pretty good.  The dressing was spiced up just enough.
4	Ticoz is very close to a 5 in my book, which is tough because I am a picky, whining vegan(well at least that is the stereotype I am trying to live up to). They have quite a few vegetarian options that can be made vegan if you know how to order it.We stopped by on a Sunday afternoon for our very first dining expierience.  It was fairly nice and warm out so we opted for the patio, everyone was very friendly and we were seated promptly. The place was not super busy but most everyone was on the patio and I liked the vibe. We saw others sucking down mimosa's and mojito's so we thoughy why not? We each ordered a glass of the passion fruit sangria - it was excellent. You also get a LARGE glass of sangria, not a small wine glass or cocktail glass they serve you in a more inferior establishments.I had checked some Yelp reviews quickly(don't you love Yelp mobile?!) and figured out the corn waffle fries were a must to start with, very tasty, fresh and not the typical thrown-in-a-fryer-frozen taste. I had the Grand Burrito with veggies minus the cheese. I am not a big coleslaw fan but the burrito came with the passion fruit slaw and I promptly scarfed it all down, delicious. I was expecting the burrito to be good but it was good in a different way, you could tell it had some different spices and seasonings going on then your standard Mexican-style fare. I might have picked up some curry or coriander, whatever it was in the yellow rice it really set the burrito apart. Overall this place was great, no complaints besides maybe a few more items I could veganize without completely destroying the items. We will definitely be back for drinks some evening. The prices were pretty reasonable, between the two of us and our main plates, appetizers and 3 HUGE glasses of sangria the bill was just under $50. Bingo.
3	I really like going to Ticoz, but after tonight I left a little disappointed.  Service was good, atmosphere as good, drinks were good.  However, I do have a few concerns.   I had the lettuce wraps for my dinner. I know this is normally an appetizer, but I didn't want a heavy meal.  I asked if it would be enough for an entree and the waiter said for one person, yes.    When I received it, I was a little shocked.  It wasn't  even enough for an appetizer and I asked if it was enough for a meal.  I couldn't imagine people sharing this because it wasn't very much at all.  Not to mention it was $10.  If I paid $5 that would be understandable.The other disappointment was the chips & salsa.  This is normally at your table minutes after you are seated.  Not this time... We received tortillas wrapped in foil with garlic butter on the side.  I thought that was strange and that now in order to get chips and salsa we had to PAY.  They have had it complimentary at your table ever since they opened, and now returning guests should not expect his anymore?  Not very impressive and it seems a little desperate to save dollars.  Like I said, I really like going to Ticoz, and enjoy the flavors and food they offer.  I just hope they don't go down the road of cheapening the restaurant by being obviously budget conscious.  Ambiance / Decor: ADrinks: A ( I had Passion Fruit Sangria)Food: AService: BAffordability: D (Portion to Dollars Radio is off)I will of course go back, I just hope they make a few changes and I of course will be a little more careful of my selections for dinner.
2	Okay...I've been there about 6 times... and, first through sixth times, each time was a step beneath  the previous visit. In my opinion they're slipping hard.  The staff is increasingly less and less aware that they are suppose to be attentive to the customers needs. Usually I weigh this adeptness of their job as a major part of the experience. Each time the staff has become more and more invisible.  The service is getting less attentive in a nut shell. The food selection I'm finding I don't care for as much as I'd remembered.  Seems they have a liking to sprinkle curry on most every dish I've tried. (*over done)  Best thing about Ticoz is the friends I'm usually dining with. Just not that thrilled about going back... to bad...
4	Finally made it out last night. Place has a lot of hype and has been on our list for a while now. Atmosphere was great, lots of red, lots of latin hipsterness.Our party started off with a pitcher of the White Kiwi Sangria, the Guacamus, and the lettuce wraps. I'm not as big a fan of white sangria as red, and I thought it was good but not great. I've definitely had better. The lettuce wraps were 180 degrees from what I was expecting. (the standard pf chang's type deal) They were basically a fruit and nut compote on a thin crunchy leaf of lettuce. Really really good with the sangria. I'm also not a big fan of guacamole but the guacamus (guac and hummus spread) was pretty good, and my guac loving companions thought it was amazing. Definitely a must try.For dinner we had a pitcher of the Passion Fruit Sangria, and my wife and I split the Grilled Peach Salad w/ chicken and the Pork Torta. Both were excellent, the Torta especially. It came with huge crosscut fries and coleslaw. The flavors of the sandwich were excellent and I was bummed to have to share half of it. The sangria was pretty good but with all the hype about it being the best sangria ever, I didn't think it was quite to that level. But still, yum.Our service was a bit slow but our waiter was super friendly and the 3 women in my party all thought he was ridiculously hot. Later in the evening he spent some time chatting with us at the table, and told us that the bar side of the restaurant is a lot of fun later at night when the restaurant side clears out. He did however forget to bring us the extra pita chips we asked for to finish off our Guacamus, which made me a sad panda. The prices for the food were pretty standard, although I thought the $26 for a pitcher of Sangria was a little steep.I wish I could give Ticoz 3.5 stars because it really is better than your standard 3 star but not really quite up to the 4 star level that most of my favorites are. But that being said, it has a lot going for it and it's definitely worth trying because the entrees really were amazing and the menu was full of things I'd love to try. Also the weekend breakfast with $2 mimosas sounds pretty darn good to me. Will definitely be back for that :)
3	I was visiting a friend who just moved here, even though I have visited town plenty before. Another friend recommended this place, and it was a nice spot for a cheap drink and decent food. I had one chicken tamale and was a bit surprised it came disassembled. It was pretty good as components, just not what I expected. The platter with rice and beans was $9.95 (another would have been $11.95). Wednesdays mean $1.99 margaritas, so I was pleased to enjoy one! My friend had two tacos and seemed to enjoy them with her sangria.Service was decent, though the waiter confessed he was not all that familiar with the menu. It was obvious when I said I wanted a chicken tamale and he asked if I wanted "shredded" -- as if it comes another way? It also took a little while to get the check to pay. All in all, it's a place I'd return to for dinner or happy hour, even with a large group. Definitely has potential and budget-friendly.
3	In the hunt for a happy hour near my Marks firm.. I decided on Ticoz Resto Bar.. After having such a great lunch here.. I have to say, I was disappointed.. I loved the waiter though! He was happy and on his game.. we opted for the patio.. was told the apps werent on the hh menu if we were on the patio.. Idk about that.. I dont think that is fair when places do that.. but not the waiters fault.. one thing that is cool.. restroom out on patio..:-) Drinks were good..
2	Each time I come across Ticoz...and invite or a lunch date.... I'm so left liking the place just a little bit less than the time before... This time it was  the 2.00 charge for splitting my plate and sharing it with my lunch date... it's such a cheep way to charge someone for doing absolutely nothing...   I'm getting mad at this place!  Next time someone asks me to go to Ticoz... I just don't know what I'm going to say.
4	First of all  BIG THANKS to Alex our waiter. Saddled with the party of women celebrating, he never was rude or impatient but handled us like a pro at customer service!  He made the evening click with smoothly timed drinks and ordering. Brought some of my friends to TICOZ  for a go away party for a friend  getting married. So glad we came here..the ambiance was festive yet upscale.  We loved the food , music , guacahummus and the the nice big table which we hogged all evening. The gals loved the guacahummus , salsa and chips , a great start with drinks , we had wonderful entrees  like the special of chicken pasta and my delicious blue corn enchiladas which I would gladly have again. Nice touch with the complimentary  Churro with ice cream and raspberry sauce. I will be back!
5	Today I re-visited this fantantic place :)Once again, the food is extremely fresh and delicious with the right amount of ingredients. The taste pallet is quite different than the normal Latin American food restaurant, and it has a bit more of variety of spices and seasonings from throughout the more southern regions of Latin America. The decor is creatively put together, the lighting perfect seats surprisingly comfy (no butt cramps! lol)The waiter was polite and friendly. The food prepared in good time. Once again, and again and again "Ticoz" has made my dining experience enjoyable :)Love, love this spot. A gem for Latin American food in Cenpho, five stars! :)
5	This is the first gay friendly restaurant/bar in Phoenix that I've actually really liked, and can see myself frequenting on a regular basis.We visited on a week day night, and sat at the bar.  Our bespeckled bartender was sweet, sassy, and kept our drinks full. I also appreciated her know what was and wasn't vegetarian, and providing a delicious recommendation for the veggie/cheese enchiladas.The chips and three kind of salsas were a yummy starter, and disappeared almost as soon as they were put in front of us.  I had a diet coke, my partner a beer, and our two friends went with mixed drinks; everyone was quite happy.The food? Oh god.  Delicious. The first vegetarian Mexican food I've been able to find in AZ.  Everywhere else seems to have beef stock in their red sauce, but not here.  DELICIOUS! My partner got a chimichanga, and our friend one of the HUGE salads, and were all cleared our plates in no time flat.The decor was fun, everyone was friendly, and I noticed my partner eyeing the brunch menu. Nothing like a little gay-tastic weekend brunch to really get you going. We'll most definitely be back!
4	I really enjoy Ticoz.  They have an eclectic menu (something for everyone), the service is always good, the ambiance is fun, and the food is always great.  I've been here a lot and have never had a sub par experience.  The chips and salsa variety is great, too.  Also, a great place for Sunday morning brunch (more for the drink prices).  Enjoy!
4	Great atmosphere, awesome food and the friendliest staff in town.  We sat on the patio for Happy Hour then had several appetizers.  Everything was terrific.  Great prices as well.  This is a winner.
5	I met James T. and Tracy P. here for dinner the other night and absolutely loved the meal (and company). The chips and salsa are stellar - I couldn't get enough of the pineapple salsa - and I might have overdosed on the iced tea, but the waiter kept bringing out refills, so who am I to turn it down?!I had the Ticoz Chop-chop and loved the vegetables on top. Heart of palm, red beans, jicama (Jicama! I LOVE jicama but always seem to forget how much I love it until I'm actually eating it again), chickpeas, crumbled cheese, pepitas, tomatoes on a bed of spinach with a compliment-the-salad-perfectly chipolte dressing. The friends had the tacos and enchilladas and were completely satisfied. Against the will of our stomachs, we ordered the churro dessert and ate every last bit of the tasty sticks and the raspberry sauce. (Btw: raspberries + churros = bliss.) I was with the right people because the chef, Holly, stopped by our table for a chat. She was incredibly nice and I felt pretty cool. I love the dark red interior of the restaurant and like how trendy the place is without being unfriendly. I can't wait to go back to Ticoz to try their breakfast.
5	An explosion of flavor dancing on my tongue!  The Saturday night drink special was awesome.  I was thinking it'd be a weak drink...nope...it was strong and good.  $1.99 you call Vodka well drinks.  I chose a Vodka and Cranberry...  potent!Now on to dinner... Coconut Ginger Curry with Shrimp.  Just the right amount of spice for my sissy tongue  :)  The shrimp were succulent and flavorful.My dinner guest opted for the enchilada and was pleased with his selection.  We saved room for dessert....how can you not with a gem like Tortilla Bread Pudding on the menu.  I really didn't think I'd like it because of the tortilla part, but WOW, it was fantastic.  Layers of soft tortillas with chocolate and cinnamon, served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Word to the wise...get it to share.  It was sweet enough and big enough to send me into a delicious diabetic coma and soooo darn good.  The two of us couldn't finish it, what a shame!We will be back!
4	I used to live right across the street from here, I love the food!  I still drive across town especially for the brunch!!!  They also have really good specials on food and drinks, and great happy hour / reverse happy hour!  I'm actually on my way in for some huevos rancheros and mimosas!
1	Really as bad as it gets.Crap food.Over priced.Ugly, tasteless interiorBad music and music systemTired staffThis place needs to either have a complete redo or it needs to close. I would rather go down the street and eat at Applebee's, and I have never been to an Applebee's. Too many other choices now in the neighborhood for this place to go on in its present condition. Then again, there might be enough people around these parts with really bad taste to keep the place going.
4	Great Super Awesome Passion Fruit Margaritas!
5	40 thumbs up for Ticoz!!! I have always loved the food but have never actually been in (I tried it once when someone got take out from there for an event) BUT that all changed last Thursday when my wonderful hubs threw me a fab surprise birthday bash at a private room there!!!I was amazing!! the room was great, spacious yet cozy, the food was DELICIOUS as expected!! and the specially ordered cake was amazing! special props to Holly the chef who even came in to say hi!!The wait staff was super attentive and took care of me all night. A fabulous time was had by all 20 guests hence the 40 thumbs up!!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurant/bars at this time. The bartenders are skilled and generous in their pours, and the drink specials make drinking at Ticoz affordable. My favorite is probably the Kiwi Sangria (go there on Tuesday for 1.99 Sangria night!) with the chips and salsa. I'm also a big fan of the tortilla soup. The servers are always friendly, and the atmosphere feels like a swanky city bar without being too pretentious or over the top. Go there if you want a unique twist on Latin cuisine, and take a seat at the bar. The food specials at the bar are pretty decent.
4	Great place.  The staff is always awesome and always good about keeping drinks full and are pleasant.  The food is great! The only issue I have is that it does not have a  big menu selection.  One would think with such good food that they would have a bigger selection.  Oh well, they are still one of my favorites!
4	Good job to Ticoz and their delicious drinks and food!  I've been there twice, and both times I was very pleased with their super loungy chic decor, sexy staff (Michael) and the beautiful wilst delicious mojito he served me!  It was tall, strong enough to get a happy lighthearted buzz, and tangy sweet! Loved it!  The price is fair, and the service is excellent!  The smiling, good looking staff make it a great place to chit chat with friends, and spend a happy evening hanging out.
4	The food and drinks here were very good.  We waited quite a while to be seated even though it did not appear to be overly busy for a Friday night.  But, we still had a great time and enjoyed the food and drinks for sure.
4	My first time at Ticoz I ordered the peach salad and it the best salad I have ever had. It's so delicious and flavorful. My second time here I thought about getting something else but I just couldn't do it. Peach salad please! Before our meal we snacked on the chorizo queso dip and the salsa trio. It was so good we finished that off in no time.  My sister ordered the tamales with beans and rice. She wasn't a fan of the food because she said it had a chipotle taste to it. To be honest I didn't think her food looked all that great. She should have ordered something else. I do love Ticoz for the hip atmosphere and the peach salad. I look forward to trying other items on the menu just not the tamales.
4	I've been going to Ticoz with friends and family for years ever since it opened. It certainly does have a "city" vibe, so some people have been a bit surprised by that. But the food is good. I consistently go with people who say it's better than their Mexican aunt's/mother's/etc's similar dish. The service has gotten a little more spotty as of late, even when they are slow late at night. But the happy hour deals are great and you have to check them out. I'd still recommend it, but don't go too close to closing time.
1	I have been going to Ticoz for years and loved it! BUT... last week i went with friends and the place was empty... i wondered why... then the waiter came to our table... he was rude to my friend right off the bat... unbelievable! she was nice enough and laughed it off... it left a bad taste in my mouth. the prices have risen and the food quality had declined. i ordered the nachos for us and they were horrific. the peach salad was still good though... Ticoz.... seriously right now? lower your freakin prices, quit charging for salsa and chips... hire nicer staff... or your days are numbered... just sayin"
5	Tortilla soup is absolutely amazing!
3	I liked the grilled peach salad, especially since I added the salmon fillet, and my wife's street tacos were very tasty.However, their $2 margaritas were pretty strong (IMHO), but their draft bud lights were pretty expensive at $4.50 a pop.If you come with a large group, you will be charged a 20% gratuity, so DON'T tip (unless you really really liked your server.), because it will already be included in your tab.
4	Ticoz - you are near and dear to my happy-hour heart.  I LOVE your endless supply of fruity, delicious and strong drinks.  I've actually had to designate a driver just to have HALF of a mojito!  Your bar service has always been top-notch, and I love bringing friends along to try your endless selection of sweet drinks.  As for the food - I love the bar menu.  Cheap, good food that can soak up some of the alcohol.  I particularly like the burgers and the green chili with homemade chips.  Mmmm.  Is it time for a drink yet??
4	This is yet another little hidden gem in central Phoenix. Being a chef, I am kind of a food snob as my mom would say. So with this menu I find it stays true to what they are going for which is Latin American Cuisine. I like the simple dishes and will be back to try more. To me, simple well thought out food can be some of the best. The prices are very reasonable for appetizers and entrees. The drinks are a little pricey but I strongly suggest the mojitos. I had a blood orange mojito and a peach mojito for about 7 bucks each and for one dollar less beer is also available. The mojitos are so refreshing with the classic mix of mint and lime which makes these perfect for the summer. I have a motto that avocado makes everything better and so we ordered the guacammus appetizer and it was delicious and a great portion size. The decor gives you a little bit of a dark sexy vampire-esque feeling. The dining room has low lighting for more intimate dining and red leather chairs with black candle lit walls. My good friend recommended this place an we will definitely be back.
4	How have I not written a review of Ticoz yet?! I've become quite a regular at this great restaurant because of their Happy Hour specials (4-6:30 daily - gotta love weekend HH's) and awesome bar food menu. I LOVE their tacos; definitely opt for the shredded chicken over the grilled chicken, they are delicious, especially with the olive crema that they drizzle on top. Nom nom nom. Some people complain that chips & salsa aren't complimentary but an order of chips and salsa is only $1.95, comes with really fresh, delicious tortilla chips and three interesting salsas and the waiters will gladly refill both for you. I have absolutely no problem shelling out the $2 for a trio of fresh salsas and good chips, rather than getting stale chips and watered down salsa for free like in many Mexican places. Ticoz is definitely a bit more high-end, alternative Mexican cuisine, but I still think their pricing is reasonable for what you get.The waitstaff has always been very friendly, prompt, and helpful every time I've dined there. Definitely give this place a try if you're looking for a bite to eat in Central Phoenix, especially for their Happy Hour and bar menu.
3	Unfortunately I have to knock Ticoz down a star after my glowing review; I went back this week and as of this Monday, they have discontinued their bar menu!!!! WHY TICOZ WHY!??!?! It was my absolute favorite thing about the restaurant and the half off appetizers that they now have for their HH pales in comparison (not to mention the fact that their bar menu was available from 4 pm-close, not just 4-6:30). I am deeply saddened by this turn of events. I'll probably still go to Ticoz because their food is good but I will always miss the good ol' days of two delicious tacos for $5.95. RIP Ticoz Bar Menu.
5	LOVED this place! The happy hour is phenomenal. My girlfriend and I had each had 2 drinks, so 4 drinks total, and the chips and salsa with the extra crab dip, and one plate each for $30! It's hard to get 4 drinks for that cheap let alone an appetizer and dinner for two. Our waiter was super nice and helpful. It wasn't that busy somehow! There were only about 3 tables in their whole dining area. I'm definitely making this my new happy hour place. The Sangria was amazing! A lot of people on Yelp recommended the Blood Orange Mojito, which I ordered to start, but my friend's Raspberry Mojito was much better. For dinner I had the Monster Quesadilla with Tilapia and it was really good and there was enough for leftovers!
4	We all know Ticoz for lunch or dinner is fantastic.  Did you know they serve fantastic breakfast on the weekend?Oh yes, it's amazing.  First off, you can order a mimosa, bloody Mary, screwdriver, or cape cod for $1.99.  The orange juice in my mimosa tasted fresh and the champagne was not super dry like many other places use in their mimosas.  I'd say it was the largest and tastiest mimosa I've ever had.To eat, we shared the frittata with chicken sausage and peppers and the French toast sticks with bacon and fruit.  The frittata was light and fluffy.  The chicken sausage was not heavy or greasy.  The peppers were not too spicy.  It came with crispy breakfast potatoes.  Yum.  The French toast sticks reminded me of funnel cake:  soft on the inside, crispy outside, and just the right amount of sweet.  The fresh fruit entailed strawberries and cantaloupe.  Our two entree, 6 mimosa breakfast was just over $30.  It was fulfilling yet light enough that we felt fine getting in our swimsuits later.  A great choice for breakfast/brunch.
4	Ticoz is another favorite place to take out of town folks or people from outside the CenPho area. The place has great ambiance, a nice crowd, friendly servers and great original food. The drink specials are amazing especially when the Mojito's are on special. This is another place where I have yet to have a bad meal. One time we brought a friend here and for some reason that particular table has a spotlight that was in his face. The place was packed so we made the most of it. We offered to switch sides, but he wouldn't hear of it. The portions are good sized and they bring you chips (not even the best store bought) and salsa. The salsa has three varieties. When they first opened they had the best salsa in town with huge stewed tomato chunks. Now it is good, but... We like to get different things and share them here. One of the things that we often get is the tamale. We like it even meatless. I have had much better food, but they have a good mix of food, ambiance and service. I don't get here as often as I would like, but it is a regular haunt.
4	My sister wanted to have a girls night out this past Saturday so I decided this was the perfect opportunity to try out Ticoz. We were seated at a high top table across from the bar. Our server was a sweet & patient dude, wish I remembered his name! For starters we each ordered a margarita & the calamari rings. I thought the margs were tasty (I ordered a passion fruit & a strawberry) but my sis thought otherwise, she didn't even finish hers, bummer. However, we both agreed that the calamari rings were amazing. The best part: the jalapeno lime sauce that came with! After chatting for probably over an hour (my sis is a talker!), we finally decided on our entrees. Traci ordered the grilled peach salad with chicken & I ordered the RPM kitchen bowl with chicken (RPM= rice, pinto beans & meat). Traci loved her salad & devoured the entire thing! I too loved my entree, all the flavors went together so well! We were both stuffed but being the dessert junkie I am I had to order dessert to go. I went with the creme brulee, flavor of the day was butterscotch. When I got home later that night I dug in & it was just ok. I didn't really get a strong butterscotch flavor, which is what I was looking for. I would definitely come back again, specifically for happy hour!
2	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):6 Food5 *Drinks*7 Service7 Atmosphere7 ValueI don't dig this place,I don't hate this place.It's alright, but not special.  The menu seems challenging to maneuver for some reason, and the drinks are lackluster.  But there is creativity here and I appreciate that and can enjoy exploring and experiencing it after I've gotten past the first obstacles I mentioned.It's location is also a bit off the light rail and on an uber ped-UNfriendly road (7th St), so it's not somewhere I make it to very often.btw: The happy hours here are pretty good.
5	Ticoz is a great fit for whatever you're trying to accomplish. Whether it's girls night out and sangria/margaritas are on the menu..or you're in a large group looking for a great place to get the night started, you are in luck. I'd recommend outdoor seating and if its a short wait before something frees up, don't be afraid to hit up the bar. Passion fruit margaritas and mojitos are yum!I prefer the nightime vibe thats offered on the patio as opposed to hitting it up as a daytime spot but I've yet to have a bad experience at this place.Whether it's just the two of you and you're looking for a little privacy or you're in need of a place that can handle a little louder crowd, Ticoz is a prime spot.Spanish style vibe, great service, delicious/unique menu--what more do you need? Go there on a busy night and you're given a glowstick in lieu of a buzzer.Gay-friendly joint, and an overall inviting crowd.
5	Ticoz is one of my favorite places and I always have a good experience when I vist there.   With some restaurants I find a dish that I like so much that I have trouble ordering anything else no matter how good the other dish sounds, and that's the case at Ticoz.  So I recommend the outstanding Coconut Ginger Curry.For an appetizer, it's hard to beat the guacammus--a hummus and guacamole blend--or the chips and assorted salsas.
4	I can't believe its taken me so long to write a review about Ticoz. Where to begin? It's all good. Happy Hour - I love Ticoz for happy hour. The HH menu can't be beat - awesome drink and food specials. And not just snack food - like full on tacos and sliders. Great chips and salsa, etc. Dinner Menu - So diverse and so good! Everything from burgers to tacos/enchiladas, Asian inspired dishes and salads. My favorite dish (and always a crowd favorite) is the Coconut Ginger Curry. Don't get scared - its not one of those "Mexican Sushi" types of places, its just got a great menu and everything is delicious. Oh! We recently discovered the nachos and CRAVE them now. They're seriously delicious and so fresh - even real jalapenos (not out of a jar). Yum. Yum. Yum. Brunch Anyone? - They have HUGE brunch drinks and the prices are cheap! So great. The back patio is a nice little escape from reality when the weather is nice. Service - We've never been anything but impressed with the service. The staff is so friendly. In fact, we recently went for happy hour but there wasn't a seat in the bar area and the clock was ticking... so a waiter came up to put in our order early to make sure we got the happy hour pricing - even if we sat after the HH times. How nice is that?! The vibe is good for almost anything you can think of - a date night with your hubby, a group of friends, dinner with the parents or a happy hour with coworkers.
4	We liked the food  a lot.  I had the calamari, which were very good, although the other dishes my friends had were better.  The dessert was awesome.  Can't wait to come back.
4	I have been going to Ticoz for just over a year now.  What started out as just a convenient stop with friends has now turned into a great pleasure.  Over the past couple months there has been a total shift (for the better) in their service levels.  The prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is also enjoyable.  I would definitely recommend Ticoz to anyone.
2	I went to Ticoz earlier this year for a birthday party for a dear friend of mine.Yeah, don't think I'll be going back. While I normally love this type of place, the food fell short for me (I got the burrito) and the service was so-so, bordering on okay. They also messed up on our bill. Too bad, was really hoping this place would be a 5-star for us.
4	Great restaurant/lounge on 7th street. I've only had apps there as the food is not my fav (my taste buds only). Crystal, the new bartender, is AWESOME! She is right on top of drinks, food, everything! I'm sure the other bartenders are great as well, just haven't had a chance to meet them yet. When we were there the staff was setting up for a very large birthday party that was supposed to be outside on the smoking patio. Then it started raining. Instead of displacing those of us in the bar, they were able to accommodate current customers and the large party in the dining room. The owner was right in the middle of the mix helping to move things around and get set up rather than barking orders. He seemed to create more of a family feel with the staff and customers, thus making everyone feel comfortable. We ordered the quesadilla and the calamari. The onion-ring-looking calamari has this very light breading that was just perfect. The quesadilla was huge and filled us up quickly. There is a red salsa-tasting sauce that comes with the calamari that was very good. The other sauce (not sure what it was) didn't compliment the calamari very well. Crystal suggested the chipoltle crema sauce, which went with both the calamari and the quesadilla. I have had the chips and salsa before and that's definitely worth trying as well. All the apps are 1/2 off during happy hour. It's under new ownership so if you haven't been there for a while, check it out again.  I also heard a rumor they are opening for lunch starting next week.  Curious to see that menu.
4	What kind of self respecting restaurant and bar closes at 11pm on a Saturday??  St. Francis does!  Ridiculous.  Now, you may ask: "What does this have to do with Ticoz??"  Good question...  I went to St. Francis at 11:15 on Saturday to grab a cocktail and a bite to eat, but they were closed?!   ::::Looking Around Confused:::  Is this Omaha?  Or is this Phx, the 5th largest city in the US?  You close a restaurant at 11?  This place should just start getting crowded at 9:30!  Ludicrous I decided to cruise over to Ticoz and sit at the bar.  We asked what the specialty was... the staff told us to try the Enchiladas and the Sangria.  And so we did!Blue Corn Chicken Enchiladas with a Fried Egg on top!   Si Senor!  om nom nom!  (or En Espanol:  ohm gnome gnome)Nice Sangria selection & I hear the Mojito's are great here.  Try the standard house red sangria with an added shot of Pomegranate Vodka... Es Delicioso!  Great outdoor patio and nice indoor dining area.   I'll be back... after 11pm.  Gracias.Edit:  Ok, so i went back again the next day.  Not because it was that good, but just cuz i was in the area... ummm... yeah, thats it.  Had the crazy fancy mac n cheese with pork... Daaaaamn smokey!  It was veeeeerry good.  Try it.
5	One of our favorite gay-friendly places to eat.  the food & service is great! ...and pretty close to home!  ...I love the Chop-Chop Salad with grilled Chicken. :)
4	This is another of my local little jaunts. I usually will pop by for a glass of wine and the guacammus dip and monster quesadilla. They are both yummy for my wine filled tummy.  I'm big big on my outdoor patio's and this one a swinging couch. I feel like I'm at home but getting waited on! Gotta love it.....
5	I came to Ticoz with the bf after buying a coupon on Groupon.  We had a wonderful experience! Our waiter was Jorge and he is probably one of the nicest people I have ever met! He had great drink suggestions and was super pleasant to have as a waiter.  For food we had the trio of dipping sauces and the sliders.  Both were great, and I will be back soon.  Great food and great service.
3	Oh Ticoz....your food is still delicious...but I think you have let your head get a little too big! Ticoz is now open for lunch again after a long drought, I was excited to see this, and went to lunch there the other day. Well, I was happy to see the inside had made some nice changes, but what wasn't nice was the absence of a lunch menu! Ticoz used to have really good lunch specials, tortas, barbacoa...mmmm....but now, you just have to order off the regular menu....and they raised the prices! I have a hard time paying $12 for a burrito at lunch, even if it is delicious. So we order off the regular menu and I await the delicious pineapple salsa and chips.....and wait....and wait.....where is my salsa? Well, we find out, that they don't give it to you for free anymore, you have to order it! What???? First you raise the prices and then you take away the free salsa....no bueno! I find it hard to believe that Ticoz will sustain any decent lunch business at these crazy prices....I don't mind going for dinner....but they are off my lunch list....and I am still annoyed that they charge for chips and salsa now!
3	Really more like a 3.5. Good enough for another shot and worth inviting a a friend or two to come along.Saturday at 3pm: Our waitress was friendly and attentive. Service was prompt. Atmosphere was laid back. Trio of dips was pretty tasty gotta say quite filling for two. The chips were good. They were halved (flower?) tortillas, deep fried in house I'm pretty sure (they were still warm and shiny when they got to us). I had the house enchiladas plate vegetarian style. Tasty but greasy. The rice and beans seemed over salted to me. My boyfriend had the tacos plate via shrimp.  He was super impressed with the food (he's not a Mexican Foodie like me though). The presentation was nice. We had a couple happy hour drinks which were OK.I thought the food overall was a bit greasy and salty.  Granted, Mexican style food are not really known for being healthy. The only reason I ordered the dips and enchiladas was that this was the tail-end of our vacation and I was still ignoring the proper nutritional ratios meals should contain. We'll be back but I'll be trying out some lighter fare as the menu had plenty of other choices I glossed this time.
5	IF you are looking for a place for a large group--this is it.  The patio is perfect and even has heaters.Awesome Happy Hour.  I mean--awesome.  Check it out.  Everyday!The servers were awesome.  I wish I knew their names, but they worked their tails off for our group of 30.
4	Okay, I'll start by saying when I was younger, I never wanted to try new things -- fairly shy when it came to new ventures.  However, as I got older, I guess my taste buds grew up as well.  At any rate, I was told to give this place a try a few years ago and I've been going back ever since.  It's like a Costa Rican/Southwestern/Mexican combination of pure goodness.  Yes, the food is quite rich with substance, ingredients, a blend of unique combinations, yet every bite of every entre I've had over the years has been incredibly good.  The chips and salsa are great too.  Also, if you have any room left in the tummy, definitely get the banana/chocolate tortilla -- holy crap.  Okay, the service is usually really good and sometimes it's slow as can be -- they always seem to be moderately busy during the weekday and crazy busy during the weekend.  I'd go on the weekend because when it's not as busy during the week, the servers tend to forget who's around and you constantly wait to fill the belly.That's all I'll say...Check it out though.
4	I like everything about this place. The decor is nice and appropriate. The paella is as savory as it should be. The salads are delicious. And the sangria is wonderful. I'll be back.
2	Ticoz, my love, what has happened to you?!There was a point several years ago when I dined at Ticoz several times a month - it was my favorite restaurant!  They had great (free) salsas with chips, heaps of salads, a consistent and attractive wait staff, great bartenders, and delicious food.These days, just about all of that is gone.  My final straw with this restaurant came last night when I realized they no longer serve their 3 different salsas (pico, pineapple, and hot).  They just have 1.  And its your typical run-of-the-mill "mexican food salsa" - something you would find at Ajo Al's or Macayo's - standard, boring. The portions seem smaller and greasier than they used to, while I'm pretty sure the prices have gone up.
3	Que sera, sera... This is the second time I have eaten at Ticoz. First experience was better then the second. Stopped on for lunch on a lazy day of holiday vacation. The place was sparsely populated. I had the Cuban sandwich (wheat bread - asked for white). It was actually quite tasty. Pork was good and the ham was tasty. The bread was not what I expected, but I could work with it. My fellow diners had shrimp street tacos, tortilla soup, and the pork torta. The tortilla soup was tasty. Did not try the tacos, but my friends found them to be bland.I am not really sure what to make of Ticoz these days. The food was pretty good, but it seemed to be missing something.
4	These are the items you should sample at Ticoz:-Blood Orange Mojito.  Do not dare to get another drink because it will be a mistake.-Corn Tamales with Shrimp.  Mix the tamales with the shrimp and some beans on your fork.  -Carnitas Sandwich.  Tastes like brisket.  MMM...-Waffle fries.  Crispy and covered in some corn spice thing.-Nachos Montanas.  Huge and loaded with all the right ingredients.You're welcome for the suggestions :)
4	Happy hour and the weekend brunch are the way to go at Ticoz! Happy hour includes a pretty generous half-priced discount on specialty cocktails, wine, wells and drafts. For a high-falutin' happy hour barfly like myself, this is an ideal situation. The sangria is crazy delicious here, with three fancy pants fruity varieties. The passion fruit sangria is one of my faves since it's a more traditional take on sangria, although the watermelon blush and kiwi chard are close seconds. The margaritas and mojitos are also pretty ace, with fancy flavors like blood orange.A couple of apps are also discounted during happy hour for five bucks each. The chile pulled pork soft tacos were so flippin' awesome and filling enough to serve as an entire meal. Their avocado crema and some other type of colorful drizzle atop the tacos were super tasty, as were the pickled onions. The corn crusted waffle fries are also super fantastic. Lettuce wraps, eh, just okay. Interesting ingredients like dried cherries, mango, pineapple, pepitas, and macadamia nuts, with a tangy vinaigrette that kept it from being sickly sweet (as the Fez lettuce wraps trend toward at times-- sorry Fez, still love you!)The brunch is also a staple for our mimosa-imbibing crew. Two buck mimosas? Yes, please. They'll sub cran too if you prefer a poinsettia. The southwest eggs benedict are my weakness during brunch. Two perfectly poached eggs atop chorizo-lined cornmeal cakes, smothered in chipotle hollandaise. Holy fricken orgazmotron that meal is delicious.I also like that I have yet to see children here. Ignore your howling crotch fruit for a morning and enjoy a mimosa or a specialty cocktail before noon. Makes life worth living.
4	I was here for Wednesday lunch using my handy groupon that I purchased recently.  The waiter was pleasant, and recognized I was busy checking voicemails and emails and didn't engage me in needless chit chat.  I ordered a couple of beers and the New York Strip with a ceasar side salad.  The steak was cooked perfectly to my liking and had a tasty sauce on top of it.  The carrots were cooked just right not too mushy or crunchy.  I wish Ticoz would restore some of the pricier items back to the menu as this like others are their crown jewel.
4	OMG!  My food was so tasty.  It was First Friday, and I called ahead.  They said they were booked up but come on in and they'd make it work.  They did, indeed.  They were insanely busy, but we opted for seating in the full-service bar.  The wait staff was fast, discreet, helpful...I can't think of enough positive adjectives.  I got the pork enchilada thing.  It came with super garlicky rice, yummy smokey beans and a dab of masa.  It was SO CRAZY GOOD!  I'm not a fancy-drink girl, and I found the beer selection a little disappointing, so they lose one star.  The atmosphere is chill and urban.  I love this place and will most def be back there.  BTW, they have a nice large room on the side of the main dining room that would be great for a larger party.
4	Whoever thought that sweet corn tamales and tilapia would go well together?  This is my favorite dish at Ticoz.  I get a craving for this unique dish and drop by every couple months.  The food here is consistently good; the service, meh, not so much.  But I don't let that deter me from coming back because the food is that delicious.  As for cocktails, I usually get the margarita but once I tried the sangria and it was gross, it tasted like flowers, weird I know.
5	Weekend brunch @ Ticoz was one of the best brunch dining experiences I have had in a while!Service was stellar, atmosphere was heavenly, & brunch (I had the Eggs Benedict) the best I have ever tasted!BTW, I travel 80 % of the year and eat out across the country...Ticoz Resto - Bar, I will be doing again before I leave Phoenix.
3	Went back on a week night.  Ordered the exact same thing, except with the Passion Fruit Sangria.  I didn't like it nearly as well.  The rice was not as yummy, and the beans were a bit TOO spicy.  Maybe it was the difference between the Negro Modelo and the sangria.  Who knows?  The service was still top-notch.
5	Food is unique and tasty. I got the grilled burrito with pork and let me tell you, I was extremely impressed by the succulence of the pork and the big array of flavour in my food. It's definitely not Mexican but a melting pot of all the different Latin countries. I was not much of a pork fan until I ate here with my wife. She got the chili verde enchiladas, those were spectacular!Will definitely be going back!
1	It had been a few years since I had been here, but my previous experiences were always enjoyable.  The food was very tasty (had nachos), service so-so, but I got a dramatic and painful case of food poisoning.Definitely won't go back.
2	I feel like I've been all over with my reviews for this place, but don't worry, this may be the last update. My last experience at Ticoz was awful... It seems like as soon as Lola Tapas closed, everything went completely downhill. The happy hour went way up (used to be $2 sangria on Tuesdays now $3.50), they hired a new staff, service became crap during busy hours, they altered their menu (to cheapen it up) - like Kat S said, there used to be 3 salsas that came with freshly fried chips...now, there is one crappy salsa that, last time I visited, came with cold, stale chips - and to top things off, their sangrias lack the greatness in flavor and quality that I once saw in them.It really sucks to regularly go somewhere and watch it crumble. Ticoz initially ticked me off, but then won me over for the longest time. I recommended people go there and have a great experience (and sangria), but like any roller coaster relationship, the highs and lows are beginning to take their toll on me, and I know I need to just let go. I may wind up at Ticoz if a friend of mine wants to go, but I won't be leading the pack there anytime soon. #sadface
1	In response to CLYDE, I am an internist, and fully comprehend and am able to diagnose the difference between flu and food poisoning.Too bad the health department didn't swing in on SUN.  They would have had a field day with your place.And I seriously doubt they were there on MON anyhow.  I think you're merely trying to cover your tracks from yet another health department violation.For those interested, here are a list of the health department violations from this place:http://maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=inspectionResultsDrillDown&in_insp_id=1484680&cat=02&type=01That's 10 violations in one inspection alone.  Yeesh.RESPONSE TO CLYDE:LOL!  Perhaps if your restaurant spent this much time in safe food handling, you wouldn't have so many people complaining about sanitation.You have some great excuses,and I know you'd like to think they're valid.  I have never known a soul that works at your place.  Nice try, however.And linking the TRUTH about your restaurant is not slander.  Please educate yourself on the meaning of the word to begin with.  ;)I do hope you know, the more you continue to lamely attempt to refute my claim of food poisoning, you make yourself and your restaurant look even worse.  Since you've started posting, I've received over 25 emails from viewers of the review thanking me for my honesty, and blasting you for making yourself look foolish by your petty responses to a customer.  I'm sure you are aware your nasty approach here only supports others claims of the management and staff being surly and bitter.  Or, maybe you're not.  ;)So, do feel free to try and attack me and discredit me further.  I'm not the one with a filty dirty restaurant (and accompanying violation record) that's making people ill and losing customers, and I'm not the manager who is creating an even bigger PR problem for himself.  Have at it!  ;)
5	Great local spot! Blue Corn Enchiladas, Guacahummus, and a new twist on the Lettuce Wraps make this place a winner, winner chicken dinner!! Not only is the dinner great, but also I love that you can order breakfast in the late afternoons on the weekend. We consistently have great service and I highly recommend it for date night. Thanks for keeping it real Ticoz!
5	One month in retrospect, 3,000 miles away, thinking about Ticoz is making my mouth water. This is the perfect restaurant: savory food, spot-on service, cozy atmosphere. My sister and I shared the tortilla soup, which was amazing, just the right saltiness and a more than generous helping; the blue cheese cobb, which was fresh, pilled high with a long list of ingredients and also impressively sized; and the blue corn tamales, which were distinct and hearty in their deliciousness. I can't remember what my parents ordered, but they were equally impressed. Our waitress was the sweetest and very helpful in advising our orders.One of the best meals I've ever had.
3	After Little Lady and I left Ticoz I had two main thoughts running through my head:  1. Dang, those were some good enchiladas. 2. Why do they have full length IKEA mirrors mounted sideways on the wall?  We have that in our bedroom! *snicker*Overall service was ok but not great, the food was good, and the decor/ambience was a bit of an enigma.  It was kind of odd that we had to specifically ask for a desert menu as our server was trying to give us the check--almost as if they wanted us out the door!My only real complaint is that they charge for chips and salsa, and the salsa is relatively mediocre.  In my opinion chips and salsa is such an integral part of eating at a Mexican restaurant I put a lot of weight on it.  It just sets the stage for the meal...and shouldn't be that hard to get right!I'll give them kudos for the enchiladas as they were cooked well (not too greasy or soggy) and the complimentary valet.  As a whole, Ticoz is a decent option if it's in your hood but I can't imagine going out of my way to eat here again.
3	Holy Sweet syrup! As Hottie and I continue our quest to find a decent Mexican restaurant, again we leave feeling a bit defeated.  Ticoz looked promising; they have a diverse menu with lots of vegetarian options, decent prices, and happy hour. Arriving at about 6PM on a Friday, the parking lot was full, so we took advantage of the complimentary valet.   Although the restaurant was pretty full, we still managed to get sat right away.  Eager to try one of their signature drinks, I asked for a recommendation from the server.  He wasn't particularly helpful, so I just picked what sounded good to me, a lychee mojito.  I should have figured out when they offered so many flavor options for both the mojito's and margaritas, that they would just be adding syrup... and I lot of it!  Let's just say I am not a huge fan of overly sweet cocktails, so I was not a fan of the lychee mojito. Next I tried the signature margarita with no extra "flavoring". This was much better but still a little sweet for my taste.  For dinner, we started off with chips and salsa. The chips were good, they were thick cut and prepared fresh, but lacked salt.  The salsa was okay, nothing special, similar to what you find at Baja fresh. Unfortunately we ended up with a handful of extra chips and an empty bowl of salsa... and were not offered a refill.  For dinner I ordered the blue corn enchiladas vegetarian and a side of black beans.  This was by far the best part of the meal. The enchiladas were packed with flavor and not greasy at all. There was just enough cheese to satisfy my cravings, but not make me feel guilty about eating it.  Also, the vegan black beans were sooooo good, not sure what the smoky flavoring was, but I want that recipe!  For dessert we ordered a blonde brownie topped with ice cream.  The brownie was great, but the ice cream tasted low grade.  Overall, I would go back if I was in the area for Happy hour, but would definitely not make a special trip to Phoenix for Ticoz again.
4	Last night Laura A. and I went to dinner at Ticoz for Valentines Day.  They had a special menu which was a 4 course meal and they offered a wine pairing as well.  We started with a appetizer plate that had Guacummus, Calamari, and lettuce wraps.  I love their guacummus it's full of flavor and a perfect blend of two great things.  The lettuce wraps are very good as well very unique with chicken fruit and nuts in them. Next course was the salads she got the mixed greens and I went with the Latin Passion which comes with Baby spinach, field green mix, jack cheese, corn, tomato, pinto bean, cilantro, green onion, crispy tortilla strip, and a tropical spicy dressing.  The salad was awesome but also filling which was going to be a problem as I haven't even got to my main course.  So for the main courses she got the New York strip with chimichurri and grilled shrimp.  They were good and the steak was very good.  I went with the chipotle chicken which was good but lacking that chipotle flavor I was hoping for.  Lastly we got our dessert to go because we were both just stuffed.  We got the empenada which was great a few hours later.  We washed down our meal with Laura getting a glass of temperinillo and I had a lychee mojito and it was sooooooooo good.  Ticoz is a great spot to chill and have a nice meal I totally recommend it they have a ton of great items on the menu and great drinks to wash them down with.
3	Had to give this only 3 stars because--for some reason--either the food was too rich or something was wrong, I got really sick after eating there.  I haven't thrown up in years (literally), so this was shocking to me; however, I can say the food was decent for a burrito and the service was really great from my waiter.  The waiter suggested putting a white cream sauce on my burritto for $2 more, and I ordered chips and salsa (again, $2 more), but he was right.  The sauce made the burritto even better.  But, then again, maybe it was some cream in the sauce that made me sick?  Regardless, the food is definitely decent here (not fabulous, not marvelous but very good sick or not).I would go back there if I was in that area again and hungry just to see if it was me or the food I got sick on.One more thing:  For ceviche lovers like me, don't bother ordering it here.  Why?  Lots of tomato, lots of onion, teeny tiny bit of shrimp and absolutely NO lime or lemon taste at all.  Not even mediocre quality.Surely cannot compare to the fantastic ceviche loaded with citrus flavor I had at Az88, and for $11 Ticoz should be ashamed of themself.  I will say the piece of roasted corn thrown in was delicious, tho.If Ticoz wants to cut corners on quality then they should cut back on their prices, too....fairs fair here.
5	Ticoz was unexpected. Nothing is better than walking into a restaurant with the sense of the unknown lingering all around you. My wife and I arrived at Ticoz ready to celebrate. The atmosphere was lively yet pleasent for a Friday night, you didn't get the sense they were busy, even though the parking lot and valet were full. I do recommend making reservations in advance, just to avoid any wait. The bar and seating area are seperated nicely, and the restaurant as a whole is well organized. Bring on the food!!! We started with the fried calimari and chips with salsa. The calimari was standard, nothing really to write home about. However, the chips and salsa were great. The salsa starts very fresh and mild, but slowly opens up with greater hints of heat. Then came the main course. Green Chili Enchilada's with a fried egg on top...could be one of the best dishes I've ever had!! If you visit Ticoz for nothing else than this dish, you will not be disappointed. To accomodate the enchilada's was a great fresh Sangria that changes with each refill, the sign of a great Sangria. Ticoz is very affordable, has great food, and good customer service. Go for one dish, go for more, but primarily...GO. Ch..ch...ch....check it out!!!
5	Great!
5	Threw a baby shower here and it was awesome!!  It was raining out, so the beautiful courtyard was out.  We instead had the private dining room which was perfect!  There was about 15 of us and there was plenty of room for everyone plus all the presents.  Our server was awesome.  Very patient and ran everything by me to make sure everything came out at the right time.  There was no issue setting up the bill so each person was responsible for cocktails and one check for the food.  Everyone loved the food, of course.  I loved not having to host at my house and clean.  They had no problem with me bringing in cupcakes, although they said the chef/owner can make a mean cake for special occassions.  There's a good chance I will throw a private party here again and will definitely try out the cake.Another plus for Ticoz!!
5	From the Atmosphere to the food this place has it all. The perfect hangout place for happy hour and the food is amazing too! I love the blue cheese burger highly recommend it everyone!
5	Crazy good food and the staff are amazing.
4	What to say about Ticoz? Mojitos! The food is good, I love the courtyard, and their happy hour prices are phenomenal.  FYI, it's not just drinks, they have an appetizer happy hour menu that you pretty much have to beg to hear about.All in all a good experience, I've had better food, but this is a fun place.
3	From the minds of Fez and Switch.  Ticoz is their answer to craving that cute cabana boy.  The food is delish (Latin inspired but not too spicy food).  The guacamole is more of a guacahummus which is good.  The waffle fries can be hit or miss.  When its good, its really good.  When it gets cold, the corn meal becomes rock hard and the insides soggy and greasy.  The mojitos are always good and during HH you can't help but have about four of them.  The outdoor patio is great, however the misters can go on full blast and have a devastating effect on clothes and hair and there is no way to regulate the misters.  Service is kind and they dont' rush you in and out which is nice.  Great desserts (which will make up for ordering a healthy but large salad on the menu)
3	So far I have been here two times. I purchased two groupons for this restaurant and used the second one today. We were here once for dinner, and once for lunch.Service: The first time we went, we had a new waitress. She didn't seem to know that much whenever we asked her questions, but she was friendly. We had better service the first time we went in there than the second time. Today our waiter seemed like he didn't want to be there. It took him almost ten minutes to acknowledge us after we had sat down. We waited with our menus closed for almost as long. And I would have understood had it actually been busy in there, but it wasn't full. There was one large party in the back, but they had just finished right as we got there. So I don't know what his excuse is for being negligent with us. He also came around about 10 minutes after we ordered, and asked us if we were ok for now. Which made no sense. Why would you ask us that? Where is our appetizer? He also didn't ask us if we wanted anything else before he brought us our bill. Just assumed we were finished. I have to say the service here is not so good. Also, when we went in today the people working the host station were all over the place. They would answer the phones and then talk to the people who came in at the same time. Seems rude to the people on the phone. And they didn't really seem to know what was going on because they would start to take people into the dining room and then change their minds. It was just a mess today. Which didn't make sense to me because they weren't even busy!Food: Luckily the food is what makes this place worth going to. Both times we have had the guacammus, which is basically guacamole mixed with hummus. So good. It is served with some warm pita triangles and a few chips. I don't know exactly what the policy is here for chips and salsa. They have it on the menu as an item you have to pay for if you want it. But the first time we came in here it was brought out complimentary and today we didn't get it at all. Even though almost every table around us had it. So who knows about that. Both times I also had the sweet corn tamales vegetarian style. The first time they were cold, which made me not sure I wanted to come back here. But today was totally different. They were steaming hot and delicious. The flavors of all of the food has been really good. My husband got the taco salad with shrimp the first time and loved it, and this time he got the house enchiladas with cheese. He was indifferent about these. They had a lot of salt in them, and he can't handle salt too well. But he said they tasted good.All in all, the food at this place is definitely better than the service, and as much as I want to give this place 4 stars I just can't right now based on what I have seen service wise. So get your act together Ticoz! However, I definitely will be back again for the food.
3	We had lunch at the place.Service was fabulous.  Waiter was totally dedicated, fun and agreeable.The cuban sandwich was good, but not Miami-Cuban good.The salad was good, but just so.We'd go back for happy hour for snacks, drinks and enjoy the ambiance created by the staff.
4	First of all let me tell you that I do not like Mexican food, so I only really go to a Mexican place under duress or with a Groupon ! In this case I went with a Groupon. Love the feel of the place - it did not feel like a Mexican restaurant - more like an upscale bistro kind of place, great decor. Had a great waiter as well. It was reasonably busy for a Thursday night, there was clearly some regulars that the owner seemed to be talking to, but he did come and check on us to. I had the blue corn tortillas with shredded chicken and I must say they were great - I ate everything on my plate and I never do that at a Mexican. My partner had a burrito with grilled chicken and said it was excellent. Only thing stopping it from 5 stars is having pay for chips and salsa - is it a given in a Mexican place. It may have been a tad overpriced too - but then the quality was above and beyond what you would normally get in a Mexican so I can forgive them. I may be converted !
4	Went to Ticoz while in Phoenix for a softball tournament and the weekend of April 9th-10th.  A friend of the team's knew the owner and took us there after the closing ceremonies on Sunday for a late dinner.  We had a party of 12 and they sat us out on the patio. Luckily there were heaters cause it was kinda chilly. Good weather for a cup of pazole to start off with..yummers. For dinner I had pork Chimichanga. So good!  Unfortunately I could not finish cause I had been drinking most of the night and my stomach was filled to the brim.  Everyone was quite happy with their food and most took left over back to the hotel to snack on later.  Service was fast and friendly. Our waiter was a lot of fun.  The owner even came back to the restaurant after he heard our friend was there and stayed to chat with us and even help our waiter deliver all our food.  Fantastic place.
4	Pleasantly surprised, great drink specials and cute outdoor seating.Food was really good and I look forward to going back!
5	One of my favorite places to go. Food is great and the patio is a nice place to hang out with friends.
3	Ticoz used to be one of my favorite places, I have celebrated birthdays and have hosted private room functions here. I'm surprised I hadn't written a review yet, which would have undoubtedly been a 5 star review. However, had this past Sunday been my first experience with them I may have not been so hot to go back or recommend it to anyone. Its seems like they lost their sparkle. You used to be greeted by a friendly well dressed host/ess, this time we were greeted by a lady dressed in head to toe pink what looked like tennis or work out gear, complete with a sun visor on. When I go to a place that is asking me to spend $9-18 on lunch, in a setting such as Ticoz (which I love how cozy and dim it is in there) I expect the staff to look like they at least put an effort in. Our waitress could have given two sh*ts that we were there. We ordered chips and salsa (which used to be free there, but now you have to pay for them, whatev, its $2) It took longer then it should for them to come out. We placed our lunch order and waited and waited. We were there with a couple, my girlfriend and I split an order of fries and the lettuce wraps (both were good) those came out after a good 30 minutes, and it was seriously not busy in there at all. Our husbands food did not come with ours and they were told it would be "any minute" another 10 minutes goes by and the waitress comes flying over with their food, doesn't apologies and takes off as my friend is trying to request another drink. I've been hearing things here and there on Yelp that Ticoz is going down hill and didn't want to believe it, but after our experience this past weekend I am a little sad to see what has become of one of my once very favorite places to dine at. Please pull it together Ticoz! The food and drinks are always awesome.
3	I'm giving five stars for the awesome food and the Sangria. If you go during happy hour you can get some great nachos or calamari. $12 pitchers of Sangria on Sunday are awesome, but prepared to get your ass kicked if you kill too many pitchers. The bar area and patio are really nice as well. Where this place loses points is the attitude of some of their bartenders. Some are nice but some have their noses so high in the air it's amazing that there's air to breathe at that altitude.
5	My friend lucy and i just love coming here for the half price.mojitos. one of the best ones ive had!!!! Food is filling. Great management
5	One of the most disappointing things in the Phoenix Metropolitan is that restaurants close extremely early on weekdays.  That is not the case with Ticoz.  I was driving around Downtown Phoenix looking for any place to eat after picking up my friend at a nearby hotel.  We found a quaint little place that was illuminated, and we decided to give it a shot.When we came inside, it felt like we are at a lounge in Hollywood.  There were not many people, but the few customers who were dining or drinking seemed to be having a great time.  We ordered a hummus appetizer and ordered some drinks.  I have not had a sangria since the Wynn Sunday Champagne, and I decided to go with the Watermelon Sangria.  Next thing you know, I ordered 2 more sangrias of different flavors.  It was absolutely amazing and the prices are pretty reasonable for drinks.I had great service and felt like I have been a customer for years.  Ticoz is a great find if you are wandering around for a cool place to chill in Downtown Phoenix.
2	The two times I have been here the food was very good. The service and management are absolutely atrocious. Once we were rushed through our meal because we were sat near closing time. That time it was not the manager doing the rushing. Even better, on Sunday of Memorial Day weekend, myself and my girlfriend brought another couple that we had told about Ticoz. We arrived at 7:30 and the front door was open. The special board listed some excellent specials, some kind of Pork Chili Macaroni and Cheese (there Mac n Cheese is phenomenal!). After looking at the board and discussing seating amongst ourselves, the manager approached and told us the kitchen closed 45 minutes ago and they were closed for the evening. Come to think of it, when we pulled up a car was pulling out after a driver got in. Also, as we left another group (5 nurses) showed up. as we got in our car another two vehicles pulled up. We counted 16 people they turned away in the 5-10 minutes we were there. I made snide remarks to the manager he exclaimed, "We had no one here for 3 hours!" Which bothers me for two reasons: first, it is very hard to believe and I think he was lying; second, of course you wont be busy on the Sunday of memorial day during the regular dinner hour. Everyone was at barbecues or pools. However, the late dinner hour will be busy. This has been true for bars and restaurants for a long time. Ticoz might be good, if you don't get rushed or told to leave. Me, I'll spend my money at a place that wants it. If Ticoz thinks I can go somewhere else...I do too!
5	I REALLY like Ticoz.  I went there with a Groupon (wanted to check it out but the 1/2 off Groupon sealed the deal).  First of all before you go, read the menu w/ all the specials.  Its a bit complex but everyday there is not only a rad happy hour but also a drink item that is super cheap ALL day long.... same goes for food too!  Lots of times when food/drinks are quite inexpensive ... you know they are cheap... quality/service etc. is poor.... NOT the case at Ticoz... its a $3 sangria disguised at a $10 sangria  :)The sangria was beautiful and delicious.  We tried both the passion fruit and the white kiwi (passion fruit was the best!).  Also got a mango mojito... also pretty and tasty. The lettuce wraps were only slightly disappointing.... once again very pretty but they had dried fruit, nuts etc so it tasted more like chicken salad in a lettuce cup.... not your typical 'mexican/asian' flavored meat. It wasn't bad, just not what I was expecting.  The place itself is a great mix of swanky, lounge and classy.  There are chaise-like lounge chairs around the bar area and the outside seating is really lovely.... enclosed in a wrought iron fence complete with lots of foliage.   Totally going back there with or without a Groupon! I am sold!
2	I used to go to Ticoz all the time. The burgers are great and drinks incredible but it was the service that made this place stand out. The wait staff and bartenders were great!Now with their new owner I've noticed a lot of changes. Valet (don't know if that's actually necessary but ok), changes in their menu and higher prices. I'm fine with all of that but what I can't get over is how awful service has become there. With the exception of the blonde bartender (sorry I forgot her name, thanks for the strong drinks btw), the service is mediocre. The last two times I've gone there, friends I took who are not regulars even commented on the poor service. I hear their profits have gone up since they've changed ownership. That's fine but unfortunately, they lost me as a customer.
3	There was a time when I would've given Ticoz 5 stars. This used to be my go-to spot for great food, friendly people, and a cool (but not too cool) vibe. Sadly, it's become a more pedestrian version of its former hip self. The decor is fine, and the sangria is still delicious, but the food and the mood are in decline. Ticoz used to offer such unique delicacies as cinnamon chicken flautas, beef empanadas (BIG ones...not the mini versions that are more puff pastry than anything else), and cocoa dusted chicken tenders. On the rare occasion that I would foray in the realm of entrees, few things were more delicious than the chicken palm frond. While the food is still tasty, it doesn't seem to dazzle. Likewise, the personnel doesn't dazzle. Not that Ticoz was ever stocked with ebullient, outgoing personalities, but it seems on most nights that the service staff can't wait to get the heck out of dodge. Nobody has been downright rude...but nobody has been particularly welcoming either. I miss the old guard, the old menu, the old Ticoz.  I'll come back for the occasional app and pitcher of Sangria, but this is no longer my first choice for a weeknight happy hour or girls night out.
5	Just tried thus place for the first time after buying a Localdines certificate, and it was fabulous!  Great decor and very friendly, helpful staff.  Our server had great recommendations and wow, was the food good!  I had the grilled vegetarian burrito with the cream sauce and it was definitely one of the best veggie burritos I've ever eaten!  My boyfriend had the blue corn enchiladas, and he about licked his plate clean!  We will definitely go back!
4	I heart Ticoz! I've been here a few times and it never disappoints. The servers are great, the bartender is great. Eating in the bar/lounge area or the restaurant is equally nice. I had a friend who held a small bday party in their separate room which was a nice little treat. I think they're food is delish, love their sangria and mojitos and just the overall vibe. I'm always wanting to go back.
4	Unlike its sister restaurants (FEZ and Switch) Ticoz had a few things to overcome, less than ideal location, a difficult name to remember, and service with a rocky reputation.It seems though that over the last year Ticoz has started to come into it's own. Service has definitely improved and the food has remained pretty high quality.There is one change however that I truly lament: Their chips and 3 varieties of salsa is no longer complimentary :(
4	I visited Ticoz yesterday after reading reviews here on Yelp. I was not sure what to expect. It was great! The prices are excellent especially considering the trendiness (is that a word?) of the place. The food was excellent and the service was good. Not sure they really need a valet, however many other places are doing this so I am not surprised they have  the valet service.Overall I really enjoyed it and will be going back!
4	I have been to Ticoz twice. The first was to redeem my groupon, the second was for happy hour. Both times the food was okay, nothing to rage about, 3 stars. The kiwi sangria is a fabulous (5 stars), very refreshing and not too sweet for a hot Phoenix day. The server and bartenders were friendly, no complaints. Overall, nice and casual happy hour place to visit.
4	Huge fan of Ticoz because of the food, drinks, and service. I often go to Ticoz for dinner but I went for a Sunday brunch. They had great brunch specials and an excellent mimosa deal. Will be coming back again.
5	Used a living social deal to get me in the door for the first time. Fantastic food, and great, friendly service. Will go back again for sure!
5	You must go eat at Ticoz.  Really.  It's great.  I'm not kidding or exaggerating.  If you happen to have food allergies, things you avoid on principal, stuff you hate, or are just generally picky, this is the place for you.  Saturday night found me with two wonderful friends looking at a menu that was overwhelming.  The whole experience started much as every restaurant experience starts.  Greeting, seating, menus, panic attack.  The server (who was lovely, but who's name I cannot remember) came by to ask what we would like.  Given that all of us have some dietary challenges, we start throwing the questions at him.  He doesn't know the answers, but he vows to figure it out. Usually, this does not end well, see the open letter to our sandbar server.  We just get back to our conversation when chef Holly appears at our table.  Everything on the menu is her brainchild and she knows exactly how to answer every one of our questions. Not only did Chef Holly answer our questions, she created an entirely new dish for one friend (it was incredible), whipped up a lemon apricot vinaigrette salad dressing with enough for leftover containers, and took back my chicken when it came covered in parsley.  All this is impressive, but what made the experience incredible was her attitude.  It was obvious that she was excited about food.  She saw the challenge in creating something for us.  She told us that no one has ever gotten sick from her food and she was going to make sure we weren't the first. In the end, all the service is amazing, the atmosphere is wonderful, and the staff is great.  But the food is incredible!!  This is pretty important, since we were there for the food.  All around, this was an awesome experience.  So, go to Ticoz.  Chef Holly will take care of you.
5	WOW! Ok so went fro the first time and I have to say I was impressed by the minute we walked in, and I love to see the managers and the servers checking on us at least 4 times though my meal, I actually like it because I would rather have them interrupt me for a min to see if everything was ok, than ignore me and then I end up hating something and I wasn't able to have it resolved. GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE and FOOD!
3	Ok.... food was delicious... I think I may have licked the plate. The overall experience wasn't the awesomest tonight. The BF and I went to try this place tonight as we had a deal from phoenix Voice. We were sat by the very nice bartender (but in the dining room). This restaurant is so cute! The decor is so classy looking and they really took the time to make the details nice, including the bathroom sinks, which were really nice looking. We got a pitcher of the white sangria, as it was half off and it was really good! Our waiter was very attentive... at least at first. He made a great suggestion for my dinner, the blue corn enchiladas... holy crap, it was sooo good! My only complaint was when I said I wanted to get just the one enchilada he was a little pushy on trying to get me to get the full dinner.... I wanted to make sure I had room for dessert, so I got the smaller plate, and despite his pushing, I was glad I did because it was the perfect amount for me... no need to spend an extra 4$ on food I couldn't eat. I know he wasn't trying to be pushy, it just came off that way a little. The BF got the burrito, which was just alright. Nothing like my enchilada. Whoa... the green sauce and the cheeses and chicken all blended together in amazing deliciousness. Please order this dish. super Yum. I also got a side of the guacummus.... genius! This stuff was so tasty and something I have never heard of anywhere else. So then we wanted to get the dessert I was saving room for (although there wasn't much saved) and asked for the waiter's suggestion. He suggested the tortilla pudding... which is what we were thinking about, but then remembered they ran out! Noooo!!! That was such a let down! We didn't end up getting dessert as that was what we really wanted. It was probably a good thing though. So finally we go to pay and they manager was unable to find my name on their Voice deals list at first... then the manager found it, but accidentally took it off of the table next to our's bill and charged my card for the remainder of their bill.... oops! It took awhile for anyone to come around, as it had gotten fairly busy and there was only one waiter. The manager was really good about fixing the problem, so that was nice. So this time it was just ok, I'm sure next time (and there will be a next time) will be better.
3	OK, so here goes the review for Ticoz.  I am glad to see that the restaurant was busy yesterday...I mean it looked really packed, which is great for the owners because they are real nice people!  The main issue we had was the server.  I think she could have been a little overwhelmed because it was so busy at the time.  She was at least friendly which really made up for it!  My bf ordered the chicken sandwhich and I ordered the beef torta.  The food took a while to come out but when it did at least it was hot.  My bf enjoyed his sandwhich and fries.  I would give my torta an E for effort!  The beef was a little fatty and it had a lot of grease coming out of it.  We also ordered the churros for dessert.  The ice cream was good, the churros were good but could have been a little warmer!We will go back because the food is good and the people are friendly.  I think it will take some time for the servers to get use to the flood of people...nothing that cant be fixed!
3	I have so many great things to say about the food at Ticoz and I have enjoyed eating on the patio, in the restaurant, and in the bar.  I can't say enough about the food.  (6 Stars) BUT, I gave this place 3 stars because I feel like the energy is just a little off.  I never have FUN there.  I don't know why.  It doesn't feel romantic, or fun, or what.  I am excited about the new owners, and I think I will contemplate going back...we love FEZ and have had a good time at Rebar (talk about fun energy!)
3	I went there for the first time after purchasing a living social coupon.  I went for a late lunch on a Sunday.  I ordered a mojito to start, and it took about 10-15 minutes for it to be prepared.  It was little too sweet, and didn't have carbonation.  I ordered the chips and salsa as an appetizer.  The chips were home made, but they described them as fried to order, and ours certainly were not.  They were nice and thick, crunch and salty, though, and salsa was flavorful and about medium heat.  For an entree I ordered the grilled burrito with pork.  The pork was very tasty, but the burrito was mostly rice and pinto beans and some sauces.  The coleslaw was supposed to be comprised of tropical fruit, but it was just your standard cabbage coleslaw, with a creamy spiced dressing.  Overall the experience was not unique.  I can find better food at similar or lesser cost elsewhere.
5	My husband and I had an awesome dinner at Ticoz! Our server Andrew was excellent too! We order the Blue Corn Enchiladas and Coconut Curry Rice both were amazing! The place was busy and they still had us served withing 20 min. Parking was a bit tight...but well worth it! We use a living Social deal this was our first time. We will be back soon!
4	This is a super-solid four star review.  I'm reserving my five stars for the truly extraordinary.  That said, it deserves every little bit of their four stars.  Just came from a late lunch at Ticoz where my BF and I used a Groupon.  We came in around 2:30 and were asked where we'd like to sit.  We asked for "the comfiest seat in the house" and were shown to the cabana outside.   Perfect!  Because we were there at an odd hour, there weren't a lot of other customers competing for our server's attention.  He was delightful, attentive without being too present.  The sangrias were really solid - and enormous. Good balance of fruit and booze.  Our server recommended the cocount curry chicken, and with good reason.  It was excellent.  My only complaint is that the chicken was that it was obviously added after the coconut curry rice base. (Which is great, it can be a solid vegetarian option) but the chicken flavor didn't compliment the rest of the dish.  It had a sort of Latin flavor while the curry was decidedly Asian.  It was served with some tortilla chips stuck in the curry, and s it turned out, I ended up eating the chicken with the chips separately, so it was like two dishes in one.  Weird. They were both great, but if I did it again, I would sitr the chicken in to the curry myself and hope that once I did that the flavors would be more complimentary.BF got the paella, which was a seafood rice dish.  Really really nice.  Excellent choice, and while it was a hefty $18 it could easily have been lunch for two.  Easily.  Between the two of us, we brought more home with us than we were able to eat, as my dish was also absurdly generous.  Smaller portion options would likely have been a good idea, especially for lunch. Since we were there for a leisurely afternoon, with nowhere else to be, and reasonable expectations about the food, it was a resounding success.  We lounged, we ate, we used the free wifi.  The check came to $42, which I thought was completely reasonable.  I think that a party of four could have come in and ordered the same two plates, and everyone would have left satisfied.
5	We used to frequent Ticoz often but, for no real reason, it had fallen off of our radar.  When we saw the Groupon we thought it would be a good time to go back.The food was fantastic and the service was perfect.  We started off with the Trio appetizer and it was hard to decide which of the dips we liked the best.  I had the Mac and Cheese, my husband had the Sweet Corn Tamales.  Both excellent and the portions were so generous, I actually took half of my meal home.  Our waiter checked in often but was not  overbearing and he made of point of keeping or drink glasses full.Great food and service.  We will definitely be back.
4	We used to go to Ticoz but lately just hadn't made it over.  I did the Groupon and was very happy we did.  We had a great lunch.  We had the guacammus app and it was good but I wasn't thrilled.  We also had the burger and chicken torta.  I always like the torta but that burger was awesome.  It was so good, will get the burger in the future for sure.We stuck with ice tea since we had to work but they kept them filled at all times.The groupon thing was really cool, they zapped it right from my phone.  Everything went smoothly and we will for sure go back.
1	The worst dining experience I have ever had. The frozen margarita had large chunks of ice. We had to ask twice for the appetizer and our entrees when delivered an hour later were inedible. We have Groupons and Livingsocial which we will let lapse because you couldn't pay me to eat there again. This form requires I give at least one star; however my true rating would be zero.
3	Unfortunately, I was slightly let down by the yelpers when I went to this resto - food wasn't all that great! For dinner I ordered the grilled burrito and it almost tasted like something I could pull from my freezer and make in the microwave. There wasn't much inside other than beans and cheese - hello, what about the guac, sour cream, and salsas?!?! The slaw was not exciting either. The portions are gigantic but if the foods not very good it's hard to make a dent in your plate. Luckily we ordered a ticoz salad as well and it was hardier and more colorful than the specialty entrees. If it hadn't been for the Passionfruit sangria I would have given this place 2 stars because I was so disappointed. The sangria was perfectly sweet and winey at the same time - filled with fruit and so easy to drink I had to drink 2 cups before I realized I was kind of tipsy. They also offer 3 other sangria flavors but the waiter recommended the passionfruit.In conclusion, I would solely recommend this place for drinks and snacks. They have a lounge area on the opposite side of the seated restaurant area that would be perfect for happy hour hang outs with friends.
4	I love me some Ticoz!  After our first 5 hour brunch here, the waitstaff and bartenders remembered us down to our drinks and that we liked our bloody's spicy.  They have a great deal for brunch, menu items for $9.99 and $2 greyhounds, bloody's, mimosas, and assorted cocktails.  Also they do a $10 bottle of champagne (okay, sparkling wine) and oj.  The food is excellent, I have had tacos, the guacummus, tamales, and assorted brunch items.  The one time there was an issue with my food coming to the table late (apparently the kitchen was having a problem with egg poaching that morning) and I didn't really enjoy it - our waiter noticed and comped it off the check w out me saying a word.  I'm not much of a complainer, so I wouldn't of said anything and he went the extra mile to take care of us.  We still brave the heat on the patio so we can smoke and tell stories while we drink our day away after brunch, but I am really looking forward to the fall when the weather cools down and I can enjoy the patio without misters once again.
5	Great food, atmosphere, and service!  The blue corn chicken enchilada with an egg on top.  YUM!
5	I bought a Living Social for Ticoz and was blown away!  The food quality and service was great!The food is heavy - so go hungry!We will be back!
2	I feel like I should right two separate reviews here. One for the mojitos, 5 stars, easy. And one for everything else, 2 starts, easy. The mojitos are delicious, so many flavors, each one better than the last. Everything else.... well. My husband and I sat at a bar table. The place was busy. Our waiter took a bit to get over, no biggie. I had ordered a sangria, and he brought me a margarita, he realized the mistake before even setting the glass down, gave it to me to sip on, and went and grabbed my sangria. Very nice. After this things took a turn. We ordered our appetizer and entrees. The trip of dips for a starter, the street tacos for me, and the grilled burrito for the husband. I am fine with paying for chips and salsa, especially the trio of dips, which were really good, but can I get more that 3 tortilla chips? Maybe? It took about 20 minutes to get the app, no trouble, we are enjoying our drinks and the atmosphere. But after we finish we wait nearly 45 more for our entrees. Our server is understandable busy, and is able to keep our drinks full, but that's a really long time to wait for food. When it does arrive my street tacos are fine, my husbands "grilled" burrito is just a cold burrito. I suggest sending it back to be reheated, but he is unwilling to send his plate back to that black pit, who knows when it will be back. So, from now on, straight to the bar for some drinks, down the street to one of the many fabulous Phoenix restaurants for good.
5	Went back to Ticoz on Monday night and had a terrific experience.  I honestly really love this place.  The atmosphere is great and the food never let's you down.  This night I had the New York steak with chimichurri on it.  To wash it down I had a Lychee mojito which I have never seen anywhere else.  There drink menu is extensive with flavor options which make it really fun even if you are just out for cocktails.
3	More of a 3.5 star experience, mostly likely 4-5 when eating dinner!Where can you find Imperial beer, other than Costa Rica, Bevmo...Ticoz.I only had time for calamari but it was prepared nicely with two sauces, the guacamole/jalenpeno sauce was not that hot but tasted good, the other one was sort of a marinara. The menu looks simialr to Southwester/Mexican, not the dishes that I have had in Costa Rica at all but I like that that they they have the idea of Costa Rica in Phoenix. Where is the Tarrazu coffee? you can find it at Wildflower but they don't spell it correctly.Altough the owners are not from Costa Rica, Plantains with smashed black beans would have been nice to see on the menu, you can find those authentic type dishes at Havanah cafe, but "no tiene de que qujarse."I like the music and ambiance, the bar has convenient seating for a group, and not just tables and chairs. The wait staff is very attentive, but should have told me the happy hour specials as I was alone with my computer and ended up paying full price for a beer and appetizer at a dead time of  the day.I think that  I'll have to bring my husband to try the paella (even though I should go to an Authentic Spanish place) and  get his take on the menu, he's a Costa Rican.I'm looking for a place that has good chimichuri sauce, if anyone knows, please let me know. The last time I had great South american food was a place called Inferno in La Jolla, CA but they are now a new restaurant.For authentic Costa Rican dishes, please visit:http://www.lizanosite.com/LizanoRecipes.html
5	Ticoz was another amazing yelp find!  Shane, the bartender, eased us into the menu (both drinks and food) and made some excellent suggestions.  It seems that there is something going on here every night, the most interesting of which to me is the craft your own martini on Thursdays.  Ask and you can get a list of the fresh ingredients available for that day and get them mixed in any combination you choose.The food was delicious and the drinks were well made.  I was so impressed with everything and the service provided that after I left here with a co-worker on the afternoon we found out about it, I immediately came back that night with my girlfriend for dinner and drinks.The owner was present both times and all the staff seems to really enjoy their work and helping their customers branch out and try new things and be comfortable while doing it.  Give Ticoz a chance next time you find yourself in central PHX.
4	I've wanted to try this place for some time. I purchased a groupon so off I went with my group of friends. We were there for happy hour. What a deal! We started with appetizers, guacammus, lettuce wraps & fresh chips and salsa, All was yummy! We ordered a picture of Peach Sangria. It was refreshing, light and flavorful but the canned fruit was in poor taste. On to the meal. Everyone said the food was incredible. I totally enjoyed the Coconut Curry Rice. YUMMY! I took half of it home. The waitress was very attentive. polite and fun. Kudos!! I bet she enjoyed her nice tip.Delayed review as my first visit was in August. Happy hour, well...we left happy!Here it is Oct and I returned with a friend for weekend brunch. DISAPPOINTED!!! I had the Latin Egg  Fritatta. Key word: EGG. It was pretty much all egg with a minute hint of peppers, cheese and sausage. Very unsatisfying! I must say that the peach sangria was still...well... I left happy again even though it wasn't happy hour. Will not return for weekend brunch. The waiter was not attentive at all. Maybe he doesn't enjoy people? I didn't enjoy his lack of service. HINT: good service=good tip. Server decides!
5	So I have been a customer at Ticoz from literally day one.  I have been through the change in ownership and I have to say that the current owner, Joe, is so terrific!  He comes over and chats with us and is always so awesome and down to earth!  The food is even better lately (if that's possible) and they always go the extra mile to make your dining experience terrific.    I'm not someone who has been to this restaurant one time and is reviewing it......I am not a paid spokesperson!  Just a very satisfied customer.
5	I've been to Ticoz several times now and finally need to give this place the kudos it deserves.Great food, unique cocktails, and outstanding service is what earned Ticoz 5 stars in my book. When we were first seated last night, we were accidentally overlooked by the serving staff for about 8 minutes. The host forgot to inform the server he had a new table. As a result, we received two free drinks and around 7 apologies from various staff. We weren't even waiting that long.I had the paella, which was great, and my wife had the vegetarian tamales. Both were outstanding. Happy hour deals are fantastic for drinks and apps.I will be going to Ticoz more often.
4	The mojitos!! oh yes. I just wish they were more gluten-free friendly - everything is fried or sauced or battered.My favorites - pork chile verde enchiladas topped with a fried egg, ceviche served with a side of the sweetest grilled corn, oh! and did i mention the mojitos?!The patio is GORGEOUS, great ambiance and great for groups. The inside is a bit dark for my tastes. It gets so quiet and dark in the dining room away from the bar - great if you want that romantic date setting.
5	I don't give out 5 star reviews very often, but this place deserves one, and then some.  We went early evening this last Sunday.  We walked in, and were immediately greeted and sat.  The place is really cute, very very comfortable chairs, very cosy.  Good for a romantic evening if that's what  you're looking for (I wasn't).   Our waiter was very attentive, but not very personable.  He could smile a bit more, though we never lacked for anything.  Certainly not going to mark off because the waiter never smiled, just an observation.We ordered chips and salsa (they charge for it) and small salads.  Good on both, not great.  Then Megan and I both got burritos.  Mine was a pork with chile verde sauce on it.  Megan's was a steak with the same sauce.  Here's where it got fantastic.  They were probably the best burritos I have ever had in my life, and I've had A LOT of burritos, being an Arizona native.  The tortillas were huge and very very fresh, the chili verde sauce was also fantastic, so good that I didn't  use any hot sauce, and I ALWAYS use hot sauce.  And the filling, oh, the filling.  A mixture of wonderful tender meat and some kind of corn mixture.  I don't know what it was, but it was fantastic.  Here it is Wednesday, we went there 3 days ago, and I'm still thinking about that meal.  I can't wait to go back and try something else.  Worth every penny and the long drive.
5	I'm always down with supporting local businesses, but local and gay makes my heart sing.  The food is always consistent and the service staff has always been very nice.  Our favorite server, though, is Marcus.  He's GREAT!!! The passion sangria is to die for, but be careful, the buzz creeps up on you:)  I love the chicken tortilla soup with avocado crema and the paella (minus sausage) is top notch.  The only negative thing I have to say is, should you order dessert, skip the tortilla bread pudding.  We ordered it once and didn't like it, so the next time we dined here the girl that served us came over and wanted to buy us dessert because she still felt bad about it!
5	I "heart" Ticoz! Sangria, Mojitos, shrimp tacos....nuff said!
3	Ive been here several times over the years and my experiences have been varied. I hadnt been in at least 3 years and had since moved to San Antonio. Flew in for Labor Day weekend and decided to try their Sunday Brunch with some friends. I had the the Lobster Benedict and I have no complaints. The service was great, the food was great. Their only faux pas was for the host to burden. We were a group of fairly loud adults drinking mimosas and catching up. We're not causing a scene by any means but I wouldnt have sat anyone other than other adults near us. They sat  a family with at least 2 small children next to us. WTF? There were plenty of tables for them to be placed but nope next to the drinking swearing table they go? Again, no one would know we were swearing freely unless they sat right next to us. Think before you seat host!
4	We finally got a chance to try this place Friday and loved it. The ambiance and design of the place is wonderful. The staff is super friendly and most are very good looking. We ordered a bunch of different appetizers including their nachos, quesadillas, fried calamari, and queso dip. Everything was good, not stellar, but tasted pretty good. The fried calamari wasn't crispy enough for my liking. I left full and happy though, which is all that really matters. We also ordered their sangria, because everyone had talked about it. They have four different flavors. Their passion fruit one is by far the best, a couple of those and you will have a great buzz going on. In general I really enjoyed my experience here, and will definitely be going back for their delicious sangria!
5	A friend introduced me to Ticoz about 4 years ago.  I have been in love ever since.  I can never decide what to get on the menu because I want to order at least 4 dishes.  The torta's are amazing!  I've taken friends and family, creating more fans.  Never bad service of food.  Great drink menu.  Whether you are looking for happy hour to hang out or amazing meal, you can't go wrong with Ticoz.
5	Great service and excellent food! Nice for a date night good mood lighting too. All white meat chicken which I am a huge fan of.
4	We stumbled in around 9ish on a Saturday morning and sat outside with our Ray Bans, Aviators and cheap imitations sunglasses, while indulging in the $10 bottles of champagne (technically sparkling wine). It was one of those Saturday mornings where we maintained the buzz and reminisce of the tragedies of last night. For this reason thank you for giving us this waiter. Our waiter had some ridiculous sass that was irresistible and pronounced words as if they had a bad taste, but pampered us with every request we had and disregarded our lack of table etiquette.As for the food, I consider myself a pommes frites connoisseur. I highly suggest their French fries. They're waffle cut and dusted with chipotle faerie dust and lime supremes with the peelOur delectable brunch:House Made Chips and Salsa: Hand cut, half moon corn chips fried to orderBasket of Corn Waffle Fries: Cornmeal crusted waffle fries dusted in chiliBake banana and white chocolate pancakes with baconBreakfast Quesadilla with sausage, jack and eggsBig breakfast egg, potato, cheese and bacon burroBig breakfast egg, potato, cheese burroMexican Eggs Benedict and Potatoes
5	Went there last night with my daughter.  WHOA!  This place is fabulous!  Ask for Jordon as your server.  He's very knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful.  I had the two corn tacos with tilapia.  Yummm!  Just the right amount of fish and veggies, and the flavoring couldn't be any better.  My daughter had the curry rice with grilled chicken.  Very large serving -- took most of it home to enjoy today.  (I think I'll eat it while she's gone.)  It had the right mix of spices and the chicken was grilled to perfection.  We also tried the chips and salsa.  Jordon said the salsa is spicy hot but could be toned down.  Since we both like hot, we said no to that suggestion.  He wasn't kidding!  It is hot!   I put it on my tacos, and it added just the right kick.
2	I wanted very much to be able to give this restaurant a favorable review.  However, my experience lately has been less than stellar and my friends have all had similar experiences.  My friend invited me to dinner here a few nights ago, and I was reluctant to go back after a bad experience previously but thought I'd give it another shot.  I ordered the "Pork Chile Verde Mac & Cheese", having had it before and enjoyed it at that time.  I can't believe they charged us $14.99 for a plate of elbow macaroni with NO Pork Chile Verde in it.  Sure; the cheese sauce was "okay" but at that price I expected meat in my dish.  I suggest that if you haven't been here before, or in a long while, you check your meal thoroughly to be sure you're getting what you ordered...  We won't be back.
5	Only went to this place for the Sangria (Passion Fruit of course) but, we actually got chatted up by the owner. Found that Phoenix magazine put them up on the map in their latest issue, no payment necessary. Went during the Festival of lights parade and couldn't find our way out after dinner... what a mess this cen pho traffic. I had their burrito sorta enchilada style with the creamy sauce. (sauce makes everything better) just wasn't sure it was worth the extra 4 bucks for sauce. The Salsa was bad ass, like getting kicked in the mouth... Loved it. Abso****ingloutley Love this place.
4	Fantastic happy hour to match food & friendly staff.
5	All of their food is great. Servers always have an opinion on what you should try if you're indecisive, and they're always spot on! Bartenders are fun and always attentive, but not too in-your-face. Great place to catch dinner and/or drinks with friends or family!
3	Ok so I came back here because I got another deal (I don't think this place is good enough to go without some kind of deal). I got the same thing I got last time and it just wasn't as good as it was last time. Also, we got chips and salsa and it was just ok...not good enough to pay for, in my opinion. We also did get to try the tortilla pie this time....actually not very good....dense and sweet, but not in a good way. I would say this place is fine to go to if you have a deal, but otherwise, it's kind of hit and miss.
4	I've here twice and both times had a good experience.  The food is great and the service is good.  It's a good place.
5	Excellent food. Excellent service. Great atmosphere. Wasn't expecting anything great when I ordered the chimichanga. Boy, was I wrong. It was delicious and I couldn't get enough of the black beans. They drizzle some sort of sauce on the black beans that give them a great flavor. Our waiter was very nice and very fast. Our entrees arrived a lot sooner than expected, which was a pleasant surprise. And even the manager stopped by to ask how everything was.
2	I drive by this place on my way to work every day and their parking lot is often full. I was curious to see what the fuss is about, so I purchased a groupon.  My boyfriend and I walked over there for dinner one night and were hoping for some really tasty food.  We were seated promptly and our server was very friendly, our water glasses were kept full and our food arrived fast.  The atmosphere was nice, candlelight, with nice chairs.I don't like to feel pressured into buying wine, beer or cocktails, and our waiter seemed a little pushy on that front... He almost seemed surprised and annoyed we weren't ordering drinks.But the main complaint I have is the the food was not very good.  We ordered chips and salsa, and the salsa was bland, kind of tasted like one of those 99 cent cans of salsa from food city.  I ordered a grilled chicken burrito.  I guess I should have studied  the fine print on the menu more.  The server asked if I wanted shredded, grilled, or crispy chicken. I asked for grilled and that added $2.95.  He then asked what sauce I wanted on top, red, green etc.  cha-ching another $1.95.  Not to  be the master of complaining here,  but my $12.95 burrito was now a nearly $18.00 burrito.  I know I had the groupon,  but the point is I should love an $18.00 burrito.  I should go home, think about it, dream about, tell me friends about the best burrito in town, and try to mimic the ingredients to create my at home version.  The chicken was dry, the $1.95 red sauce tasted bland, I kept wishing for some hot sauce.  The burrito was suppose to include some passion fruit sauce... there was nothing passionate about the fruit sauce, I don't think it was even in the burrito.  It was just kind of a bland sloppy mess.My boyfriend ordered the pork verde enchiladas, and I tried them.  They seemed alright.... I gave him my burrito and he who is in the clean plate club, did not eat it.   Our bill was $40.00 for two dinners and a order of chips and salsa.  The groupon helped, but even for $25.00 I felt like the food was sub par.  Anyway,  I can walk here in 3 mins flat, and I have not returned.
2	Oh Ticoz, I have been through a lot with you.  You were good, you were bad, you were good, and last night you were not worth it.  Did you change chefs?  Do you not care so much any more?We had the Ticoz chop salad, which was arranged like a Cobb salad.  But, three of the ingredients came from cans:  black olives, pinto beans, garbanzo beans.  Then there was spinach out of a bag, kind of dumped on top.  Messy and bland.  Our pork tostadillas could have been good, but they came out room temperature.  It wasn't busy so I don't understand what happened.On the plus side, the Malbec was delicious.  Please improve, Ticoz.  I used to like you a lot.
4	Ticoz is fab!I have been there a handful of times, and finally last night I pulled myself away from the amazing tamales and tired something new. We popped in for some drinks and appetizers and I was very pleased when I found out that Mojitos were the special drink of the day (every Monday all day!). Super yummy! We also got the Guacammus (guacamole and hummus mixed) and it was so good, I wanted to just eat it by the spoonful. We also had a quesadilla with shredded chicken, delish! I ate waaay too much. I couldn't help it though. I asked for a side of the chipotle creme, a must have, to go with just about anything!When a couple of our friends arrived they ordered some more amazing drinks, a coconut margarita that is out of this world good, and more food. She had the salmon special that looked so good, but I was too full to try and he got the green chili mac'n'cheese, that I know for a fact is amazing!Beyond the great food, fun drinks, and awesome staff.... their patio is great for loungin', neat fire places, misters for the summer and a plenty of space. Love it!
2	Whoa!  What happen to Ticoz? This place use to be awesome.  As I waited for an eternity to get a drink I looked around the place and it looked like it was in desperate need of some TLC - furniture and carpets need to be cleaned, walls need to be repainted.  The plants were all dead in the women's restroom.  This place is dying a slow death.  What used to be a happening place for happy hour was dead, it was sad hour.  The service was terrible!  We were sitting in an empty bar and it still took a while to get a drink.  My friends and I were going to order apps but they never came back to ask us if we wanted food, thank god too because we would have had to stay there longer.  We chugged our drinks and bounced out.
3	I went to Ticoz Friday night for a birthday dinner. I'd been before and remembered not being too impressed. I read a few reviews on here and prepared myself for having to Valet. I thought the atmosphere was nice. We were in a separate room because we were a large party. And no valet in sight - yay! I thought the server was great - really friendly and prompt. He offered to do separate checks - so nice.  I ordered the BBQ burger. It was huge and came with waffle fries. It was really good and a large enough portion to take half home. The price was reasonable - under $15 with a soda. Overall I was happy with my experience. This restaurant is really close to my house and the food was good. Unfortunately there are so many restaurants in the area that it's hard to say when I'd be back but I would definitely recommend it.
5	I have to write an update, and give them five stars and a round of applause and a high five..... The lettuce wraps are amazing! and $5 at happy hour. I literally had a frown on my face when I realized my plate was empty, almost ordered a second round to take home. They are served with Roman Heart leaves (yum) and the filling to put in them is heavenly; chunks of chicken, dried/candied pineapple, macadamia nuts, pumpkin seeds, and this amazing dressing.
5	I've been a fan of Ticoz for almost 3 years now. (Street tacos = amazing!) Admittedly I don't go there quite as often now that I live across the valley, but I've always considered it a safe bet. Last week I had a group of clients in town who were looking for dinner and a fun night. As they were staying in the area I immediately thought of Ticoz! What started out as a group of 6 turned into 15. I called ahead to warn the staff and they arranged accommodations for us, no problem. They seated the group in a slightly separate side room so we had plenty of room and a quiet(er) atmosphere. We all ordered drinks and different foods all of which was really, really good. Everyone in the group was very impressed - more than one even said it was one of the best places they'd eaten in Phoenix. The staff was super attentive and managed to keep everything straight and correct. We barely knew the waiters were around, but they were always nearby when something was needed. They even split the bill for all of us with no complaints or sour faces at the request. Overall it was a very positive experience and totally sealed this place as one of my favorite restaurants! Special kudos to Marcus (our primary waiter)!!
1	A few weeks ago, I went in for a lunch to use a Village Voice Deal $15 for $30 I purchased. I ordered the Grilled Burrito with no dairy, topped with red sauce, with a side of guaccamus. The server suggested grilled vegetables inside, so I agreed. When my order came out, I reminded the server for the side of guaccamus, and she told me the cook put it inside on accident. I said it was fine, and proceeded to cut into the burrito. Inside I discovered no rice, a few beans; basically a grilled vegetable runny guaccamus mess. She came by so I apologized for being difficult but pointed out this is not what I ordered and wasn't what I wanted it. She apologized and told me the cook had made it wrong the first time, so this was his second try, and she took it back. Once my food came out, the burrito has shrunk half to its original size, but it was 2:30, so I thanked her and ate it anyway. She took my burrito off the check; so once again, I had the Village Voice deal to use.Yesterday, I called and told the woman on the phone I had the coupon and I wanted to place a to-go order. I ordered the to-go guaccamus, which is on the menu under A La Carte. I've ordered it before, so I know it comes in a large container. I also ordered chicken lettuce wraps; the woman on the phone said I could get the lunch order for cheaper and half the size. Since I was only ordering for myself but looking to spend $30 on the coupon, I agreed with her suggestion. So as a second thought, I told her I would take the Taco Salad as well, no dairy, dressing on the side. She asked if I wanted chicken, and I calculated that this would put me over $30 so I could run a tip on my debit card, so once again I agreed with her suggestion.When I got to the restaurant, I presented the girl at the bar with my coupon and as she was giving me a receipt for $27, I was bombarded by a flustered, rude older man in a dress shirt practically shouting at me it was dine-in only. I explained to him that I had been there before to try and use it but my order was wrong, so is there anyway I could be made an exception? He grabbed my receipt and went to the register, and brought me back a receipt for $2, saying the order went over the total. I felt bad so I tipped her $7. He walked away and I reminded her I told her about it on the phone: she took the blame and apologized. I was really uncomfortable so I went back to my car. Before I left, checked my order.The first box had the half order of chicken lettuce wraps: check. The second was the taco salad, which appeared to me to be iceberg lettuce and grilled chicken on top, with no much else. No dressing. Then I opened the third container, which had one side of guaccamus and a million fried wonton chips. So I went back inside because the one thing I really wanted, the to-go guaccamus, was wrong. Once again I was bombarded by this older man, yelling at the server across the bar she would have to ring me up separately, while she told me that I ordered the guaccamus a la carte, and so that is what I ordered. My receipt was still on the bar, so I opened it up and looked at the bill. I had been rung up for a full order of chicken lettuce wraps, the taco salad plus chicken, and one side of guaccamus, which obviously is not what I ordered. At this point I was starting to get angry so I just grabbed my food and left. It was once I got back to my office that I realized I had paid $9, on top of the $15 I already paid for my Village Voice Deal, for a side of guacamole, some wontons I didn't want, three small lettuce wraps and the worst salad I'd ever seen.Never. Again.
3	Ate her for the first time. I see the reviews and it looks like a mixed. Maybe they changed chefs, something. But our experience last night was not bad at all. I like it much better than Barrio Cafe which IMO is way over priced and over hyped. I would have to go again to get a better idea of the food and consistency. We had the chicken wraps and the house enchilada's (one chicken and one Veggie)All of it was great. Really tasty chicken enchilada! The wraps were really good as well. Nothing to really complain about here. Our server was great as well. Maybe we came on a good night?? Anyway for now I leave it at 3 stars and say this place is alright in my book.
4	Happy hour here is always good. Not a super big fan of the lettuce wraps but the chimichanga and nachos were amazing.
4	One of my favorite places to frequent downtown! The blue corn enchiladas are my favorite. The wait service here is always spot on and its great that they have added a patio to the place for extra seating. Usually their steak and chimichurri sauce is spot on, but the last time my sister ordered it there was an extra "kick" to it. Odd, because chimichurri isn't supposed to have a spice kick, but she still enjoyed the dish.
4	This goes into my Groupon find folder. I was hoping to eat here before a Suns game which was why I bought the Groupon in the first place, but never ended up making it downtown in time which might have saved this place a star (you'll see why in a second). Excellent food and house made chips (with the trio dipping sauces, yummmm). I had the street tacos, my girl had the Sherry Chipotle Grilled Chicken which sounds a lot better than it looks. We also took advantage of the drink specials of the day. The only downside to this place was the wait. It was around 2:00 pm on a rainy Sunday so you would think that we would get fast service. There was a pretty good crowd there, but open tables and they still seemed to take their time. No worries though since it was a Sunday, we were in no hurry and that appetizer hit the spot. I can see going back for a happy hour or a late dinner and I would for sure order the exact same thing again!
4	Had the Guacammus, sweet-corn tamales (extremely tasty) and a brulee-the flavors were nice.  Our server was helpful and quick. (maybe too quick, the appetizer was delivered 3 minutes before our main)  The atmosphere is average.I looked at 3-4 other items on the menu that I have to go back and try, nice find.
4	I've only been here once but love, love, loved the calamari and the lettuce wraps! It wa the best calamari I've ever had.
3	I kept hearing how wonderful Ticoz is, so we came over for lunch after being assured that we would be in and out in less than an hour.  Yeah right.  We got there about 12:05, there were 4 occupied tables.  The server brought over dinner menus and disappeared.  Finally, one of our group went and tracked her down and got lunch menus.  She finally came back and took our order and eventually brought our food.I had the street tacos.  They were a bit bland so I had to liven them up with some of their salsa, which is very good.  I will say that the portions are big for lunch, and for what I paid (not much) I left with a full belly.  Unfortunately, we didn't get out of there until almost 1:30.  Overall a decent place, nothing spectacular, but worth checking out.
4	Awesome, wolfed down the nachos montanos. Thankful that I had a good experience once again.
3	Food was delish, ordered the blue corn enchiladas and chimichangas. Margaritas were okay. Great ambiance and overall a good experience.
2	I used to really like Ticoz -- like 3-4 years ago. In fact, I'm surprised I hadn't already reviewed it! Loved the drinks and had two favorite entrees: the grilled burrito with fish and the coconut curry rice with chicken. Both are still on the menu and neither are as delicious as they once were. In fact, they're both kinda gross now! :(The grilled fish burrito contains breaded fish and the breading texture is mushy inside the burrito. The flavor is weak.The rice is skimpy on the chicken and you are given the option of if you want it spicy or not. It used to just have a nice mild spice to it. Now? Now, it is sweet! Blech! And, if you make it spicy, it's still more sweet than spicy.Sorry to say, I'm in NO rush to go back.  :(
5	EXCELLENT FOOD! My favorite place to eat in all of Arizona.I've had pretty much every dish here since about 2006, and like them all. I love the enchiladas con chile verde the best, and the mac-n-cheese, and.....I always refer friends and family to this place, or treat them to dinner. Phoenix does not have a lot of excellent food, but this place will leave you wanting to come for more!The service is excellent as well, waiters and waitresses are always friendly and fun. The restaurant is large, so waiting for a table is rare.
4	I love this Central and South American eatery, which features everything from chimichangas and burritos to tortas and burgers.You have to get the chips and salsa as an appetizer ($1.95). The chips were thick and crispy, and the salsa had a nice bite to it. They went great with my strong but sweet Passion Fruit Sangria ($6.95), which was the perfect complement to the heat-filled meal.I had two cheese enchiladas ($9.95) smothered in the vegetarian red sauce, which came with rice and beans-I got black beans. The portion was large, and the food was great-the flavors were bold, and everything tasted fresh.Besides the yummy food, I also appreciated Ticoz for its ambiance. It had a dark and romantic vibe, with burnt orange walls that gave it a warm and cozy atmosphere. Ticoz is owned by Tom Jetland, who also owns Phoenix restaurants FEZ and Switch. I'd have to say Switch is my favorite of the three, but you can't really go wrong with any of them.
4	This place is great!  No one greeted me when I arrived...I looked around for a few minutes and then a hostess showed me where the rest of my group was sitting.  The group I was with ordered four appetizers for us to share.    We had some guacamole, quesadillas, nachos, and some lettuce wraps.  I had the first two things listed, as the other two contain meat.  Everything was delicious and spicy.  The guac had a delicious peppery flavor and was served with chips and pita.   The menu has a variety of interesting options, and the prices are very reasonable.  The service was wonderful.  Our waiter came by numerous times to check on drink refills and was friendly as well.  There's a private room which one can reserve that fits maybe 15-20 people. It seems like a nice option for a birthday party or event, such as the one we had.  I ate here on a Monday night, so parking was easy. However, I suspect on weekends, the lot is packed.
3	They have changed their recipes and several items cannot be made vegan now. Be sure you ask before you order.
5	Every time I come to Ticoz it gets better and better. I find something new I love and am becoming more adventurous. Last night we went in for the quintessential "Taco Tuesday". They have 5 different kinda to choose from, different from their everyday menu tacos, and they are only $2 a piece. First, the cocktail, I tried the red sangria for the first time and it was yum! Not too sweet and not to chunky with fruit, as some can get. Very good! Then I pigged out on some seriously delish tacos! I got one beer battered telapia taco, that comes with cabbage and this sauce that is creamy with just a hint of vinegar and spice, perfect! The batter on the fish couldn't have been better, just light enough that I didn't feel jipped on the fish and just enough flavor. The second was the carne asada, a typical street taco, carne pico and cilantro, it was alright, the meat was a little chewy but the flavor was all there. Then there was the pork ------- (some word I don't remember), I cant really describe it other than is was so good that I literally cannot wait to go back next Tuesday and eat like 5 of them. You just have to try it yourself. Amaze-balls!!
4	Went for a 15 person birthday party.  We had a small room reserved off to the side of the main dining room with a dedicated and attentive staff which was johnny-on-the-spot with everything that we needed.Some of us started with the Chicken Lettuce Wraps, which were a mixture of chicken, peanuts, candied cherries(?), and other deliciousness.  These are truly good and a good value.  For the entree I had the Pork Chile Mac & Cheese, which was ok.  I was hoping for more pork chile flavor and less a big bowl of mac & cheese with some pork here and there.  Unfortunately it was the later.
4	Pork Chili Mac & Cheese - that's all that needs to be said.  Done!Ha ha, the place is a great local stop for a dinner or lunch.  I have only gotten the mac and cheese, but my husband has had the Grilled Peach and Salmon Salad and loved it.  The atmosphere is a bit odd - kind of an asian/ikea feel,but the food and service make up for it!
4	$2 taco Tuesdays:Pork adovadaTinga chickenCarne asadaDos equis battered tilapiaGrilled veggieThe lettuce wraps are simply irresistable.  I know I mentioned it in my last review...but they are worth bringing up again.  GET THESE.  Macadamia nuts, dried peaches, chicken, pumpkin seeds, etc, a tangy and sweet taste on crisp romaine lettuce.  Makes my mouth water just thinking about them.  Serving size is large.I've also had the blue cheese wedge salad, and just the half-salad is sufficient for me.  Don't skimp, get the bacon add-on.  It's gloriously crispy and adds the perfect zing to this tasty entree.
5	Ticoz is a fantastic neighborhood restaurant/bar. I've been here a few times now and never had a bad experience. The food is great, the staff is friendly and the establishment is clean. I recommend this place to anyone looking for an enjoyable time while enjoying a great meal.
4	Having dinner here has always been a pleasure for me. Very attentive waitstaff, relaxed atmosphere, really good food. Just keep in mind that for a restaurant of this size, parking is quite limited and the wait can be long at dinner time during weekends.
4	Trendy, fun and great original dishes!  Love the guacammus.
5	We had best hamburger in the world.
5	I am writing this review purely based on my happy hour experience there last Sunday. My friend and I walked in and took a seat at the bar. We were promptly greeted by a very nice bartender, who gave us a minute to peruse the drink menu. With happy hour, the margaritas were 50% off and some menu items were only $5. We each ordered a margarita and just enjoyed the music and the ambiance. We decided on street tacos, and boy was that a good choice. Normally $12, we ordered one beef and one chicken. They were some of the best tacos that I have ever had. Moist and flavorful meat, a smooth avocado sauce coupled with a slightly spicy and smoky sauce. Delicious! My friend and I then got a second round of margaritas. After 2 drinks each and some tacos, we decided that we were drunk and wanted to head to a friend's house. Our tab? $20. $20 for 4 margaritas that knocked us on our ass and an order of street tacos. This is a GREAT happy hour spot that I will be going to again.
5	If I had to pick one Latin-fusion restaurant to eat at for the rest of my life, I would choose Ticoz. They have a great happy hour every day of the week with different drink and food specials. I adore their Blackberry Mojito and their Coconut Margarita. Also, their Guacamus is my favorite appetizer. I could eat it any time of the day. Normally we order the Grilled Burrito and have them do a split plate. Sure, there's an extra $2 charge, but it is totally worth it. The husband and I each receive our own burrito (slightly smaller than the normal sized burrito, which is huge) and our own coleslaw. It is still a lot of food, but so good. We've had a few desserts here, but nothing special. All of the staff is super nice and utterly kind. We have always been seated promptly and served quickly. Even when we do take out, the service is impeccable. The inside is hip and modern with a relaxed feel and the patio is great. The bathrooms could use an update, but that's not going to stop me from coming here. If you are ever in the area, I would highly recommend going here.
5	My daughter and I went here for restaurant week after reviewing dozens of menus.  We'd like an appetizer on one but not the main course or vise versa.  When we saw Ticoz, we wanted one of each appetizer, main course AND dessert!   We truly couldn't decide on the appetizer so we each ordered the Cesar salad with lime chili dressing and then we shared an order of the calamari off the menu with probably the best dipping sauce I've ever had .... it was a jalapeno lime sauce.  YUM!  My daughter had green chili mac and cheese (does it get much better than that?) and it was a HUGE portion.  Most of it went home for her lunch the next day.  I opted for the blue corn enchiladas and they did not disappoint.  They were accompanied by PERFECTLY grilled zucchini....not too mushy, not to crisp.  Delicious!  Each of the dessert choices sounded great but neither of us could resist the Kahlua creme brulee.  I plan to take my husband when we go back to Phoenix to visit in November....it was that good!
4	I enjoyed our dinner here although I think this might be more of a happy hour destination.  We had the trio of dips which were lovely.  I had the house enchiladas with grilled chicken and that was delicious.  The rice and beans left something to be desired.  Husband had the pork green chile mac and cheese which he enjoyed but felt was underseasoned.    I ordered the peach sangria on the recommendation of a friend but found it to be too wine-y for me.  I was expected a glass full of fruit as is customary and there was one tiny lone piece of peach clinging sadly to the bottom of the glass.  The waiter was kind enough to swap it out for the passionfruit sangria which I enjoyed much more.  I also tried the blood orange mojito and the coconut mojito.  They were both fabulous and LARGE!  If it were up to me, I'd make them slightly less sweet but they were still fantastic nonetheless.  We shared the macadamia nut brownie and ice cream for dessert and that was wonderful.  The brownie was sort of like the bastard child between cake and a brownie.  Denser than cake, not as dense as a brownie.  Our server was wonderful.  Friendly, attentive, and helpful.
4	My drunken date directed me to this place at about 10pm on Friday night. Good choice because late night happy Hour was just beginning. We both had two glasses of wine which at HH were only $4.50 each and sat out on the fairly empty patio (no heaters) which was quite pleasant. As for food, she ordered a 1/2 salad which was pretty big. It was the chop salad and there were a ton of fresh ingredients involved, including hominy! They had some 1/2 price apps also, but I opted for two tacos for $5 with shredded chicken. The tacos were good and the chipotle creama was the difference in making these things stand out. Sweet Corn tamales sounded great too and I will be back. Great waitress also and the patio here is clearly key and late friday seems perfect with hardly any folks there.
5	While trying to find a good Camelback Corridor HH restaurant, I stumbled across Ticoz. Lovely patio seating--perfect for late Oct. In Phx and sampled the Taco Tuesday menu. Wanted to try all 5, but felt gluttonous so settled on the chicken tinga, crispy tilapia and carne asada. I typically shy from boring chicken, but the tinga was surprisingly my favorite! The other two were good, but could have used some contrasting flavors to elevate the flavor profile.  However, at $2 per taco, you can't beat it! The sangria was tamely tasty and refreshing, while the guachummus (?) app was equally yummy and unique. I've never met a salsa I didn't like and we even ordered seconds! Service was perfectly attentive, while unobtrusive. Not very crowded at 5:30 on a Tues., but the older gentleman carrying around a whip was quite the random conversation piece. I definitely recommend, especially for HH!
5	Great food it was a little under staffed but we enjoyed it. The three dips are amazing!
5	Delicious! Great service, yummy food, and fabulous red sangria!Great atmosphere to go on a date or with a group!P.S. Try out their breakfast and mimosas! Perfect way to spend a Saturday morning!
4	So, I went to Ticoz last week with a work buddy to have a much-needed cocktail and a snack.  They had a $20 dollar deal that evening...a pitcher of Sangria and a plate of appetizers which was JUST perfect!  Chips, guaccamus, dips, and a seriously perfect calamari showed up just in time.  This was a great deal and we whiled away 2.5 hours just chatting and licking the plates clean.  I have been underwhelmed by some of Ticoz' changes in the past but this was just pitch(er) perfect :)
3	We have frequented Ticoz a number of times, and have always been very happy with the service and quality of the food. So of course, I jumped at the opportunity to purchase a Groupon that included an appetizer, and wine and entree for two!We started with the standard chips and salsa as well as the Shrimp Ceviche. The chips are half corn tortillas, fried, not your basic triangle shape. The salsa was flavorful and not overly spiced. The Ceviche, however, was very disappointing. Very few shimp, and they were the teeny tiny ones - and swimming in juice. There was a lack of balanced flavor overall - too citrusy, too cucumbery, too....something. Not a fan.The blue corn enchiladas were not as good this visit; the chicken was bland as was green chili sauce. The pork chile verde sauce, with fried egg, lived up to it's standard, however. I think we just visited on an 'off' night. At least I hope that is all there was to it. We'll go back and give it another go.
3	When I think of Ticoz, I only think of the restaurant section to the left of the main entrance. I'm not a huge fan of their lunch and dinner menu but I do love their appetizers.  Trio of dipping sauces and Nachos Montana are my faves! Good friend, Melissa & I, who also happens to be my running & training chica boo, always throw in a Happy Hour date here so we can enjoy our fave appetizers while playing catch up. This place never disappoints for Happy Hour. Cheers!
4	Enjoyed Happy Hour with friends last night and I had a fabulous time. I ordered one of my regular appetizers -- Trio of dipping sauces -- good stuff. I was in the mood for coffee and was told that a new pot of coffee was brewing at that moment. Coffee was yummy. Great service --- that alone is priceless. Thank you to the Staff at Ticoz. Cheers***
5	Great food, the only draw back is the place is too dark very hard to read the menu...
4	Love this place, great food and atmosphere can always rely on them for a nice time.  Love the Nachos to share and a couple drinks is a nice after Theater snack LOL
5	My boyfriend and I just moved into the area and took a walk over to Ticoz on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch.  I can't say enough nice things about this place. The atmosphere is very nice and our server was awesome! First he recommended the Sangria, which by the way was half off.  I had the sweet corn tamales and my bf had the blue corn enchiladas. Both were great!  I also like how they give you just the right amount of food. I felt great leaving this place. Ticoz has a happy hour and Sunday brunch that I'll be checking out soon. Another huge plus - a dog friendly patio.
5	Went here on a Sunday night.  Beautiful ambiance and a nice size bar, too.  The service was amazing.  You could tell they care about providing the best service to their customers.  We told her we were yelping and she said awesome. She gave us an extra treat for doing so.  I ordered the curry dish, asked for thai hot and they delivered.  It was so delicious I could not stop eating it.  We also ordered the chimichanga which was full of flavor, all kinds of ingredients, perfectly fried.   We are looking forward to returning very soon.
2	I don't know if this restaurant is Mexican, Puerto Rican or Cuban, but I don't get it. We split the monster quesadilla which has jack cheese, monterey cheese some tomato and jalapeno peppers. I went with the sweet corn tamale as my entree that came with rice & beans and a red sauce. The tamales were 2 scoops of cornmeal. My husband had the grilled burrito topped with queso cheese. I don't mean to be critical, but nothing at all about our meal was authentic, everything taste processed.Disappointed.
5	FANTASTIC service especially when Jarred is your bartender. He is always happy, helpful, and fun! I typically do happy hour here on Friday's and have never ordered anything there that was not delicious. My favorites are the pork verde mac and cheese, and the creme brulee. My drink of choice is the sangria's. I definitely would recommend Ticoz to anyone looking for good food, amazing service, and a cozy atmosphere.TIP: If you register your credit card you use on Groupon and pay with it at Ticoz it will keep track of what you spend and after $150 in purchases you receive a $20 credit. (Again they are great!)
4	Went last night for dinner and the main draw for us are the lettuce wraps.  We had to wait for a table...not an issue, but while waiting in the bar, we observed one of the bartenders (woman) do something that was very disgusting.  She had made a reddish colored drink and placed it on the bar for pickup by a server.  As she placed the drink on the bar, she reached over, took a straw and put it into the drink...while using her finger to draw some of the drink up into the straw and then she sucked what had been drawn up into the straw and threw the straw away; all while admitting that it was "pretty good".  Sorry young lady...not acceptable, especially in front of customers.  The gentleman sitting at the bar right near this occurance actually looked at her and she made some comment to him (couldn't hear exactly what she said).  Needless to say; the lettuce wraps were wonderful (as we've come to except)!
4	Stopped in for happy hour with a friend after work the other day.  It was a little hard to find from the street because it's in what looks like a strip mall.  Once inside though the ambiance was great!  Very cozy, lots of character and I love the big comfy chairs at the tables.The happy hour selection was good, there were several appetizers and drinks you could pink from so you had some variety.  The service was great too, our waiter was very friendly and kept checking back with us to make sure we had everything we needed.  I ordered the lettuce wraps which were really good!  The flavor combination was wonderful and I loved the different textures from all the different goodies in them which kept your palate interested.
3	I gave this place 3 stars because I feel like if you are in the mood for Mexican food, there are so many other BETTER options out there. I would never come here again, unless one of my friends wanted to, because the food is just... mediocre (especially considering the price).We ordered the guacummus (guacamole/hummus) appetizer. While I liked that it came with a lot of pita and chips, the dip itself kind of sucked. It just tasted like watered down guacamole. And for $10 it was way overpriced. Go to Gallo Blanco and order their MUCH BETTER guacamole for $7 ($5 during their Happy Hour).I ordered the 2 Enchilada Entree ($13) and again wasn't really impressed.  It was too salty and just.... eh. I really didn't enjoy the beans or rice side dishes.  The highlight of the plate was this tiiiiiiiny scoop of sweet masa and corn side dish. If you are looking for delicious and cheaper enchiladas go to Comedor Guadalajara and order their enchilada plate for $8 that comes with DELICIOUS beans and rice.The only nice thing about this place was we came on 7:30 on a Wednesday night and there was no wait (because almost all the tables were empty except for ours.... it's not hard to figure out why). Oh and the service was lovely/nice/attentive. Sadly, it didn't make up for the food and prices.
4	When we lived in the area, my boyfriend and I went to this place almost every weekend. Great service! The food is pretty good - odd menu but then, that helped since we have very different tastes. He could order his weird sandwich combo (he stacked chicken and burgers, don't ask) and I could order brunch so it worked out very well and made us both happy!  Oh, and the fantastic deals on mumosas didn't hurt at all. :)
2	Yeah, methinks: overrated. This review has been in the works for some time now. I have been to Ticoz a number of times, and really the only reason I return is due to a friend inviting me to go to breakfast or, like the last time we were here, their birthday dinner. The first time I came here was almost 4 years ago, and the last was about a month ago for a birthday. All experiences about the same - actually, no - I'd say they have progressively gotten worse. I know it is a popular spot, and I won't argue with someone who loves this place, but I find it a bit confused and overpriced for the quality. It's cute, I suppose, for a CenPho spot. (I may be putting down some CenPho spots that really make the effort!). But I would have to say the food and drinks here are about as tacky as the interior decorating. I cannot remember having anything I really felt was worth finishing the plate here. I had a chicken burrito last time which was pretty bland, served with some sort of BBQ/refried beans that confused my mouth and the rest of the dish. I will say, I like the little cornbread/cake scoop you get on your plate. The most memorable thing I have have eaten here. We also ordered their flavored Sangria pitcher ($25!!!)...a huge pitcher that is really just about 3 glasses total due to the amount of ice they use in both the pitcher and the glasses, and tasted like grown-up KoolAid as if the flavor came from some sort of Pucker's additive. Actually, I remember going to Ticoz for the first time for their Martini night and I had to send back 2 of them because that's all they were, vodka and Pucker's. Gross. This last time we were here, for the friend's birthday dinner, we had a large group and were sat in the corner booths. Seating was fine, we knew we were a large group, but we felt like we were a burden for the server and felt more processed than really served. I mean, from my experience in service, you work a large group for a tip but our server had zero personality with us and made me feel like I was on a field trip, not at a birthday party at an adult restaurant. My last last review (for TeePee's) actually cited this experience. We dined at TeePee's Friday, and then Ticoz Saturday for the party and we both highly agreed that, though they are very different in ambiance, style, food, etc., we would much rather go and eat at TeePee's again, spend half the amount of money and enjoy ourselves. In a time when most places are going for freshness, quality and style - I just hope things keep up for 'em. To each their own!
5	Tonight I dined here with friends for a Dining Out for Life get-together. I had the Latin Passion salad, which was so good that I'm planning to have it as my main meal next time I come here. I also had the blue corn enchilada - truly scrumptious! Service was efficient even though this was a busy night. It was a really tasty meal and  I'm glad  that I now live near this restaurant!
5	What an amazing staff!  They have a terrific back room where we had a special surprise party for my daughter.  The staff, including Manager Susan, bent over backwards to ensure the event was a success.  What a great experience!  Great food, privacy, attentive staff and friendly people.  Highly recommend!
5	Just the thought of eating Ticoz enchiladas gets me excited. Although a little pricey for lunch, the chicken enchiladas are so amazing I keep going back. The 2-dollar taco Tuesday special is a good deal. I usually just stick to the enchiladas through -  nothing beats them. The ambience and service is great as well. We usually sit on the patio. There are cute little couches along the side and it's partially shaded. The inside is nice too, but I would recommend it as a good choice if you're looking to eat outside.
4	Bluecorn enchiladas were fantastic.You pay for chips and salsa that are supposed to be made when ordered but mine weren't. Pricey but good.
4	(Lyrics - Britney Spears - Baby One More Time)Oh, Ticoz RestoOh, Ticoz RestoOh, Ticoz Resto how was I supposed to knowThat something was all right hereOh, Ticoz Resto, I should order soonBut now you're in my sight, yeah!Show me what I should eatTell me, Ticoz Resto, 'cause I need to know nowOh, becauseMy hungryness is killin' me(And I)I must confess I still thirsty(Still thristy)When I'm at the bar I'll order minesGive me a wineHit me, Ticoz, one more timeTicoz Resto Bar is "sexy and chill" lounge according to what they want to bring to Phoenix - oh baby baby indeed!  I'm impressed and happy to finally hear a restaurant bold enough to admit they want to bring some sex appeal to a restaurant.  S......saucy! "Hit me one more time", with another drink please.   I came here on a HH meeting with some friends.  The place is far from sexy sorry to say. I think it's more chill then anything.  When you say sexy I'm thinking a hot vibe and sultry art and pictures.  Then again it's not an adult shop haha!  They have a dining room and bar room.  Both seem pretty mellow to me - "Show me how you want it to be, Tell me baby cause I need to know now oh because!"  I think they want to be modest, but also have some sort of flair, but either or I think the place is pretty cool.We sat at the bar today to get some HH drinks and food.  Very good prices I must say so cheaper is good for my alcoholic side!  Nachos to start of course with some chicken.  Needless to say, I'm not a big fan of nachos, but the cheese and shredded chicken really popped. The cheese was melted well and it didn't drag all the other ingredients along while you rip it apart.  My next dish was the Tortas.  Tortas to me is street food, but I totally dig a restaurant that can bring it indoors and make it work.  It worked indeed at Ticoz.  Soft bread and shredded pork; add a little hot sauce and yum!  It was serve with waffle fries; crispy and crunchy.  I'm a texture guy so I love! - Enjoy!
4	Great food, great service.  Enchiladas, salads, tamales, you name it and it's all good.  The only thing stopping me from 5 stars is that there is smoking allowed on the patio so eating al fresco isn't as much fun as it should be.  Otherwise, pretty darn awesome!
4	Good and bad.  Tacos were great, and on HH (yay!) Beer was cold, and also on HH (double yay!).  Ambiance needs some work.  Really, if you just added a better sound system it would REALLY help.  Any time I walk into a place and it sounds an iPhone is playing the tunes, I always think "hmmm, what an easily fixed problem."Service was attentive and pleasant, and everyone seemed to be in good spirits. I hear their lettuce wraps are good, I'll try them next time (once I hear they've updated their music situation).
5	I absolutely love this place. I have been going here since I moved to Phoenix, a little over a year ago. I'll be honest. I have not tried much of their food, because I seem to order the guacammus every single time I go there. It's AMAZING!!!They're drinks are great. They're service has always been stellar. Nicole, behind the bar has always been super attentive and nice. I usually sit outside or by the bar, so she usually helps me out. She is great. I can't wait to go there again soon.
4	I love this place! The pork green chili Mac n cheese is so good I dream about it! Mojitos are awesome made by the guy bartender who is super friendly and sweet! We always sit at the bar! Just a really cool place to have some really good food!
3	The food here is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. No idea what's going on back in the kitchen, but they really have it going on. Our four top was immediately seated on a lazy Saturday morning. Ok, maybe my Friday wine brain thought it was morning. I'm not really sure. But we were in the market for eggs.My eyeballs read, "$2.99 weekend brunch drinks!"So....I asked what a Greyhound and a Cape Cod consisted of.  I heard mwah mwah mwah VODKA...and then something that sounded like a Bay Breeze. Then Jordan recommend a "Big Girl Mimosa". I assumed (incorrectly) this was also part of the weekend brunch drink pricing. Yes, the drink was $2.99. However, when the bill came there was a supplement for $1.83 for a shot.  Boo! Hiss! Not really a big deal, but, per discussion with the two other adults at the table, none of us heard the additional pricing for the shot. (Nor did the highly intellectual teenager.) The Big Girl Mimosa was really easy to drink, a bit tart for my friend, as it was heavy on the grape fruit side. (I sucked it down like a camel in need of water.)  See my photo for evidence of empty glass.Alright, so I ate out today with my favorite family that allows fork-fuls of food to be traded. So I got to taste four very different things. I'd order ALL of them again. Listed in my preference order, here's what we Hoover'd down (like the savages we are, but with linen):1. Lobster Egg Benedict2. Mexican Eggs Benedict2. Huevos Ranchero3. Hot Cake Trio with Schreiner's SausageThe Lobster Egg Benedict really is something. It's hard to describe. The sauce isn't too heavy for a benedict and there's plenty of lobster on the plate. I was a bit envious of this dish.  To use my usual sound for food this was "Hhhhhooooohhhhh my good." Yeah, that good. GET IT.The kid at the table went for the Mexican Eggs Benedict. He pretty much orders chorizo at every restaurant in Phoenix. (I don't understand teenagers.) Buuut, if anyone is an expert on chorizo, I'd say this smarty pants would be. He liked it. I did it too. And he even let me take THREE fork passes. The green chile hollandaise is hot but not "burn your eyes down" hot.  He called it "intense". I agree.I went with the Huevos Ranchero as I wanted something with eggs over easy and meat. I asked for a recommendation and Jordan suggested this. I absolutely LOVED the spice on everything. The eggs were great. The texture of the stuff underneath the eggs - eh. But I still ate 80% of my meal :) If you're in the market for a staple - the pancakes and sausage are WONDERFUl. I put them last as they're basics. But they were really well delivered. The sausages "spurted" when poked and "popped". They weren't over cooked or rubbery. The three stars are for service. I'm bummed about this. Although we were checked on my friend's ice tea was not filled often enough. (It was empty most of the time.) Nor were we asked if we wanted another round of drinks. (Strange!). And then there was the odd thing with the pricing on the Big Girl Mimosa. Otherwise, I'd Four Star this all the way! They have a super cute patio, a nice bar area and plenty of table seating. I'd give this place another go round!
2	I live nearby and was really excited to try this place, since the parking lot is always packed!I hate to say it, but there was nothing good enough to draw me in for another visit :/The food was ok but nothing special. I ordered the sweet corn tamales. I love tamales and I love sweet corn, but the execution left much to be desired. As in, my sides of beans and rice had to suffice as my dinner.The decor was so bad it was distracting. Granted, I watch Restaurant Impossible, so maybe I notice these things more than the average person. But dust, tacky wall art and poorly patched booth seats just ruin the ambiance. Like I said, I hate to judge on only one visit, but I'm not willing to pay for a second!
5	Amazing food and service. Came in during happy hour and was surprised at how little I spent. I ordered chicken nachos which was delicious and only cost $5. The passion fruit sangria was just what I needed and only $4. In the end I spent under $10. This is my new happy hour spot!
5	Best mojitos in town as far as I'm concerned. Thee food is wonderful and have great service every time we are there..
5	This place has always been great. Can NOT beat their happy hour sangrias!!! Best passion fruit sangria ever!
4	I was in the mood for some good mac and cheese, and people seem to like the pork chile verde mac and cheese here, so I gave it a try. Very good, more than enough for a meal.Chips and salsa were good, and the empanada was delicious. I kicked things off with a blackberry mojito, one of many flavored mojitos on the menu, so I'll definitely be back to try the rest.
5	You MUST go to this place!  Today was our first time here (heard about it through an online coupon, but ended up going there for brunch to try it first, based on their online menu that sounded amazing). We ordered the Lobster Eggs Benedict and Huevos Rancheros. Both were to-die-for, would def get both of them again (maybe after I try everything else on the menu since everything sounded great too). And the $2.99 weekend brunch drinks were worth it too. My only complaint about this place is that we live so far away from it; I'm going to have dreams about their pork chile verde until I can return!
4	So yesterday was Massage Day and the day did NOT start out well....didn't sleep, didn't feel the love for the human race, etc. AND it was 112 degrees.We had our massages (and yes, you DO have to hear the whole story) and were going to go for nails right next door when massage-buddy mentioned she was starving.  Well, I was craving the one thing she doesn't like....cheese enchiladas with red sauce.  We talked about it and realized that we hadn't been to Ticoz in ages.We got over there and got seated in a nice cool spot, which helped me regain my love of mankind.  MB ordered her faves: guaccamus and street tacos with waffle fries (she WAS hungry) and I talked our server into the house enchiladas with cheese, red sauce AND green chiles.  Yum Yum Yum!!Ticoz, I've always liked you and today was just a stellar meal.  Thanks so much for helping me finish off the day nicely :)
5	Had reservations for 25 people for a bridal shower yesterday, couldn't be anymore pleased with the customer service! Our waiter Ervin went above and beyond to satisfy us, it was incredible!! Not only did he do his own job exceptionally well, he also went out of his way to keep me calm and not stress out while setting up/decorate the room PLUS he helped the bride load over 20 boxes of gifts into her car. If I could give him a 6th star, I would!!! Food and drinks were delicious too. :)
3	Delicious food. We stared with the chips and salsa, which was spicy and tasty. The blue corn enchiladas were excellent. The rice was super light and fluffy, and the zucchini were grilled were. The chimichanga was also really good, with a perfectly fried exterior and moist chicken inside.The restaurant is really nicely decorated, but I think the prices are high for the portion size. I would like to stop in for happy hour, but in terms of dinner prices, I might skip Ticoz.
5	My boyfriend and I went here with another couple for restaurant week- so we could get a house cocktail, salad, entree and dessert for $30. Great deal! I had a passion fruit sangria- which was so good. The chips and salsa here are AWESOME. I just love that salsa! I chose a peach salad as my appetizer and was really impressed. I ate every bite! I ordered the paella as my entree and it was very flavorful. It was a teeny bit salty but the seafood was so fresh, and it was overall very tasty. For dessert I got the brownie with ice cream- the flavors were so good, but the brownie was a bit hard on top. I think it was supposed to be that way, but I personally prefer a softer brownie. It didn't stop me from eating most of it though haha!  Overall, I was impressed at the great flavors and reasonable prices here. I would definitely recommend this place and come back for drinks and/or dinner. Plus great service and ambiance!
4	Oh Ticoz.. You've joined my great happy hour list! =)My friend wanted a Mojito one night.. So of course Yelp came to the rescue and I heard this place has some of the BEST mojitos. You guys were not lying! lolWe came after 9 because they have happy hour. Quite a selection actually. A majority of their drinks are on happy hour and pretty much half of their appetizer menu. For the drinks we ordered the passion fruit mojito and the mango mojito. I really liked the mango mojito. It tasted soooo fresh! I ordered the street tacos. You get two tacos for $5. So I got the shredded chicken and beef. I really liked the chicken, the beef one was a bit salty for my taste. I really liked their waffle fries too. They're seasoned and very crispy.I really liked this place! Great happy hour items and prices and their Mojitos were really worth the long drive for me. lol. I definitely want to come back to try their other Mojitos not to mention  I love me some happy hour! Til next time Ticoz! =)
4	Such a dim, nice date placeThe servers are nice and courteous I tried to Pozole which was absolutely greatFor starters the fried calamari appetizer was another item that I was impressed withThe sauce that came with it were goodI just had water all night so I can't give any drink tips or recommendations Maybe next time Service was great as well :)
5	We had a perfect dinner experience here.  Food was delicious.  (The grilled shrimp were devine)  Service was excellent. Will come back next time we're in town.
4	Ticoz is one of my favorite restaurants in town. Any time we decide to go out to eat, Ticoz is on the list of potential choices. My favorite time to attend is their brunch! Huevos Rancheros is to die for! I even got a friend completely hooked on it. Also on Sundays the $10 bottle of champagne can't be beat! If you are looking for a great HH spot, this is also the place for you. Great pricing for their Sangria (Passion fruit!) which I can never have just one glass of. Appetizers and food are also well priced and delicious! I am always impressed with the service in the Dining room. The handful of times I have sat in the bar area it was slow and I felt I was a burden. In the dining room however, always excellent! I am greeted with a smile and checked on regularly. If you have been disappointed with service, try sitting in another area and you may be surprised! Ticoz will continue to be a favorite for me and I will always recommend them!
3	At one time I thought Ticoz was a solid 4 stars, but recently it has gone downhill. Whenever I go to lunch in this area every restaurant is packed, except Ticoz. This should have been my first clue to stop going here. However, they have also become stingy. The last time I went they brought me 3 chips, for my guacamole app and the tortilla soup was like a mix of vinegar and water. I couldn't eat it. My company felt the same as the taco salad doesn't come salso or sour cream. It was an all around bad meal and I don't think I will be going back again.
2	Visiting from Las Vegas and was looking for an authentic Mexican/Spaniard restaurant. If I was reviewing the service I would give it 5 stars. But ~ considering we have an executive chef in the family ~ we are always expecting an amazing meal. Was shocked to see tiny shrimp as an addition to most dishes. The cerviche was sweet. Not the way it's suppose to taste. Was not impressed with the food at all. Definitely not a restaurant that I would have to frequent whenever I came to Phoenix. Hope to have better luck somewhere else tomorrow while we're here
4	Love this place. I initially found it via the Phoenix LocalDines website and since then it's been the go-to date night restaurant for for my wife and I. We've only ever ordered from the dinner menu, so I can't testify to the quality of anything but the items they offer in the evening. However, we've never been disappointed and the variety keeps us coming back to try new things. Try the Blue Corn Enchiladas and Chimi with sour cream green chile sauce. And definitely order the Guacammus and Waffle Fries for appetizers... you won't be disappointed!
2	Soooooooo. My friend and I came here because 1) it is walking distance 2) hello Mexican food and 3) it's always busy. II don't know if they were short staffed orjust the most unorganized bar? When we sat down (at the bar) we were greeted promptly and given a water. We ordered our beers and then waited. And waited and waited. The main reason we went is my friend was starving. We finally found someone and asked for food menus. We were given A menu. To apparently share. We then waited 15 minutes for anyone to come and take our orders. Once our order was placed the food did come out promptly. I had nachos and they were covered with fresh cut veggies and totally delish. He had the Mac & Cleese with pork which he also loved. Not once did anyone check on us. Not once did anyone ask if I wanted another beer - my glass was empty for 10 minutes. What if we were dead?!! No one would have noticed! The manager maybe owner appeared to have possible ingested PCP intentionally and was skipping behind the bar hollering.Honestly, the food was good. That's why there are 2 stars...The service was horrific. I won't even begin to describe the confusion on splitting our check. Bummer about this. I was looking forward to  our ladies brunch here.
5	Wowza! Bought a certificate via localdines.com for lunch. This place is incredible! The flavors are delicious. Good service. We will be back for sure! Loved the coupon offering and had absolutely no problems using it. We never would of known of this place without local dines.Thanks for the exceptional value!
5	Forgettaboudit!  Who in their right mind does not love Ticoz?! Joe, Susan and Jared with the rest of the gang make such a friendly, warm atmosphere to hang out in. We had a lovely baby shower on the back patio that was awesome, or should I say they made the day awesome for our guests! I'm sure I don't have to tell you the blue corn enchiladas are the best thing on the menu! I almost forgot to tell you about the pork nachos, UnFrigginBelievable. They have an awesome happy hour also.
3	This place is a very neat hangout resto-bar. I lie nearby and frequent often when  I want a fast dinner or lunch and some drinks. The customer service from servers and bartenders lack very much but management is super nice and accommodating. The food is good quality and tasty and happy hour is of good value. Regular menu pricing on food and drinks is also not too expensive for what you get in quality. It's a nice place to walk to locally to hangout with friends and chat over drinks with snacks.
5	This place is wonderful! We had a cast party there. The woman refilling our appetizers just overheard my friend ask if there was anything I could eat (because I'm vegetarian) and she immediately said she would bring out some vegetarian appetizers. They did the lettuce wraps and quesadilla vegetarian and they  were delicious and had a vegetarian protein source (cashews in the lettuce wrap).
5	One of my favoriate places to have Sunday brunch with friends.  The staff is very accomodating, extremely friendly and really on top of making sure you have everything you need.  I never have to ask for more water and always get hot, delicious food served in a reasonable time frame.  I have tried most things on the menu and ALL of them are amazing.  Highly recommend, especially if you like Mojitos...
4	great happy hour!
5	I have never had a bad or even kinda bad experience here.  Happy hour is amazing, the food is great and the servers/bartenders are fantastic.  The passion fruit sangria is something dreams are made of, and pair that with the guacummus or lobster dip and it truly is heaven.  What can I say? love, love, love!  My fellow teacher colleagues and I meet here once or twice a month and everyone loves this place - most people pick this place even though we work in Maryvale and most of them live in the Peoria/Glendale area.  If you're looking for great food and great service, this is definitely a sure bet!
3	Food Score: 4.5/Service  Score: 1.5. =.    3   Overall Oh Ticoz, it's been too long!  I got together with a dear friend with the intention of catching up over drinks and appetizers.  We were warmly greeted and selected a table in the bar area.  I have been craving your chips and a margarita.  We started with those and our server suggested adding the plate of dipping sauces.  They were really yummy.   We chatted for quite a while and our original server was very attentive.  We ordered dessert and more drinks, then settled in.Although we didn't see it happen, our server clearly experienced an alien abduction. Poof, he just disappeared.  Once that happened, the.   service.    just.     stopped.  I had to walk up to the bar to get more drinks.  No biggie but we were less than 10 feet away from 2 managers and 2 people behind the bar.  I asked a passing server for more water and got no response, so I got up to get it myself and was asked "what are you doing?" by that same server.  So here's the deal...you can have good food and really inexpensive drinks but people will eventually just settle for a more expensive and much more mediocre meal down the street  just because the service is better.    The competition is fierce in this town...step it up, guys, I want you to be around for a long, long time.  I'm spoiled by living in Central Phoenix but my friends have to travel to reach you.  Make it worth the trip.P.S. Should I even mention the "working girl"at the bar?  I'm all for free enterprise  but she got much better service than we did.
5	I had a two hour time break to kill in between meetings and stopped by TiCoz. I've been here many times, but I had the best customer service experience I've ever had. Not only was it Taco Tuesday, so I had my choice of delicious Tacos, but my server was attentive, but not overbearing. The perfect restaurant experience and food to die for.
5	A friend and I stumbled across the place on accident, and what a good find it was! Their sangrias (on happy hour, by the way) remind me of Barcelona. The lettuce wraps are to die for! They are a bit sweeter than one would expect, but delicious none-the-less. Will be coming back here!
5	Our waiter, Bryan, was exceptional, giving some great suggestions. We did have two appetizers, the lettuce wraps, which were better than PF Changs (and I love those), and the guacammus. I eat hummus all the time, and this was good, but the lettuce wraps won. I had the chimichanga, which was a lot of tasty food. However, one if us in our party had the blue corn enchiladas, which might have been the favorite of the group. Hubby had the pork chile verde enchiladas, which he claimed was the best during our four person taste testing. We did sample the pork verde mac and cheese, which was tasty if you like mac and cheese, which I don't. Even though we were stuffed after licking our plates clean, we indulged in the peach cobbler (yes, don't even hesitate, just order it, you will not be sorry). My daughter and her hubby had the empanadas, which they loved! My taste buds definitely favored the peach cobbler, however. We did come during the early happy hour and the waiter was looking after us, making sure we knew when happy hour was ending to take advantage of the specials.Definitely a place to return to. Highly recommended.
4	Love the welcoming staff. Happy hour is the best bang for your buck! Mojitos are yummy...lettuce wraps mouth watering! Love the low lighting & its not jam packed. I've been twice and plan on it several more times.Update-also the macaroni & cheese---uh mazing---my brother in law tried the blue corn enchilada's--he loved them!
5	Friendly staff & customers ~ lots of regulars here that always make you feel welcome. One of the best brunches & Happy Hours around
5	Very nice looking interior. The server was polite and friendly. Offered many smiles. I ordered the Pozole (pork/hominy) soup. It was quite flavorful and satisfying. I had ordered a salad as well but after a few bites of soup, I cancelled the salad as I knew this Pozole would fill me up just fine. Quite enjoyable and I would certainly recommend to anyone looking for a nice place to eat. Music was gentle and low enough for conversations.
5	Loved the guacummus.  Food was flavorful.  Service was great.  Came during happy hour on a weekday, so got good prices but was not too busy.  Would definitely come  again.
4	So ... I'm adding this place to one of my favorite happy hour places!The Mojitos are some of the Mojitios I've had in a really, really long time and the Street Tacos were so damn tasty!I went alone but another really nice loner at the bar.  She told me I must give Ticoz a try for brunch during the weekend ... This Saturday .... I think I may :)
5	I have been going to this place for a few years and have always liked it - some days more than others depending on the food. The food is pretty good - they have some amazing dishes and others that are just so-so. But, I love the atmosphere and the service is always good even when they are busy. I always choose to sit in the bar or on the patio for not only the ambiance, but for the service. Sometimes they are stretched too thin on service, but the people working there are always warm and friendly. I don't mind waiting when I know a place is busy. Even if they are a little slow, I know as a former server that this is normal and to be expected from a locally owned business because they don't have the same money that big companies have to overstaff. And, I am happy just to soak up the Phoenix weather while sipping on a handmade cocktail. Jarred (sp?), the bartender, is always very nice and accommodating. And, he makes the best drinks! Definitely ask for him. I love their happy hour and daily drink concoctions. I rarely give 5 stars because it is hard for any business to be perfect, so this rating is mainly for the service and atmosphere. Overall, I really like this place because I know I am supporting a locally owned restaurant and I always feel content when i leave.
5	Everyone has always been so nice to us at Ticoz and Saturday night was no exception. We walked in at 11 pm right as they were closing & even thuogh we sat in the bar (which was really comfortable) we ordered off of the full menu, Everything we ordered was wonderful & the service was perfection.  * We were the ONLY people in the restaurant @ 11pm on a Saturday night!They were closing early bc it was dead!  Sure, a lot of new places have recently opened up in the area, but we've got to remember to patronize this place people & there aren't a lot of places open late for dinner.  The food at Ticoz is really really hard to beat.  We'll be back again soon.  .
5	My stop at Ticoz was not a disappointment.  This place delivers and the waitstaff was so cool and down to earth.  Surprisingly, it was not full for a Hump Day.  I thought it would be packed.  The food killed my taste buds, in a good sense, and the drinks brought them back to life. Nonetheless, a good time was had by all.
4	Came in for lunch on Taco Tuesday and enjoyed $2 tacos. I had the Pork Adovada, Tinga Chicken, Carne Asada, and Dos Equis Battered Tilapia. Service was great. The chicken and fish tacos were awesome. The pork was good. The beef was so so, the meat was chewy and not as tasty as the other three tacos. The waiter did not ask if I preferred flour or corn tortillas, and I forgot to specify so I got stuck with flour. I'm sure my tacos would have been better with corn. Good spot to try out.
4	Ticoz made an impression several years ago and this evening was not an exception.  The menu has stayed true with spicy twists on typical favorites. Ticoz has a generous happy hour and the sangria, mojitos, and margaritas are yummy. Unlike some restaurants, Ticoz provides happy hour prices in their dining room - not just their bar. Aside from the great drinks, the crunchy home made chips and spicy salsa are worth several return visits. Tamales and chimichangas were favorites. Ample meat in all dishes; light eaters also have options.Service is very friendly and prompt.
