5	Dawn and CC were amazing, as well as the entire staff!  Within minutes, they found several apartments which had all of the amenities that I wanted. They took the time to walk through each listing and answered all of my questions.I will definitely use them again if I move once more.Thanks CC Locator!jason.
5	I thought I had sent this review through, but I don't see it. (lol). So I figured I'd do it again.   I had applied at an apartment complex and was denied due to my credit.  I'm recently divorced and a single mom.   I found CC Locator online and have them a call.  CC was amazingly friendly and very helpful.  She reviewed my credit history and said she would speak to someone about my situation.   Not less than 10 minutes later she called me back with an apartment to that would like to meet with me .   I went to the apartment and was so glad I didn't get the first apartment I applied for .  Not only did she find me a gorgeous place to stay, but she did it so expediently, courteously, and professionally.   I was extremely impressed with CC Locator and will be recommending them to everyone I know!  Thank you so much!!K.M.
5	Ever since I bought an iPhone, I come to this store often--the  Las Vegas, NV  location is very close to my restaurant! I like to check out the software and get instructional tips for the phone. The  CC Locator is very nice and the staff are friendly.
5	I am relocating to Las Vegas because of a promotion for work, been around the world except for Las Vegas. I started off with the usual craigslist ads and checking the areas but it became more like homework then actually planning to move because I didnt know what areas was good, what was bad etc. I tried working with a Realtor which also became a task in itself working with our busy schedules. I found a craigslist ad for CC locators and thought I tried it. I started off with an email and next day I received a reply back from CC and explained what info she needed and also what I was looking for. I then scheduled a time to meet her where I flew out to Las Vegas from San Francisco and rented a car and drove to her office. Walked in and she greeted me with her colleague and went straight in to properties she recommended to me. Service was impeccable, awesome and friendly. She gave me three properties and told me that I would probably really like the first one. Arrived to the first one and actually liked it and signed up and best thing it was 8 minutes from my new office. CC locators thank you for your service and I will be recommending your service to my colleagues also planning to move to Las Vegas. Thank you!
