3	I love the fried chicken really good, the rice and stew beef is excellent, I just wish they had better health practices with their sweets.  I had a piece of lemon pound cake today that I don't think they sold yesterday but instead of the putting it in the refridgerator I think it just sat out in the container it was in and spoiled.  And they sold me that piece today and well I got sick, I took one bite of it and said humm this doesn't taste right well it was spoiled.  So that makes me wonder do they have better practices with their other food?
2	Floyd's is interesting. I came here once when I was doing a selling gig of mine during the summer and I came back to try their food. So I came in for lunch for a take out as my brother and as well as a few friends came down from Raleigh wanted to try it out. I ordered the stew beef as well as doubled the side of the mac n cheese.Let's just say, if you're going to work out or do anything active in the few to several hours dont. Because I was burping that stuff up and it just didn't feel good. But, that's southern food for you. I felt that the mac-n-cheese was a little watery and wasn't cheesy enough. The stew beef was okay, I guess. The problem with that was it was also too watery and it had no flavor. I was thinking that it would give me a punch because, well it's in a stew. I think I won't come back here for a while, especially since the aftermath of the meal was horrible. I think when you eat something, the process of eating it and the aftermath is wrapped into one! If you do come here, I suggest you to order the chicken as I heard it wasn't bad. From my experience though, stay away from the stew beef.
2	it seems  that latley the food have been hit or miss..no sweets except on sunday and some of the food is either 2 sweet or salty. and the guy on register was slow. the inside has never been redone
3	The FRIED CHICKEN here is anointed! The mac doesn't look that great, but its amazing! Kinda like what "what mamma used to make". Very good soul food in the Charlotte area!
5	Wow. I'm from a small town in the south and I haven't had food like this sense I left home. If you have a refined American tastes then you might be surprised by some of the foods on the menu. I will most definitely be returning to get my home cooking fix.  Try the make and cheese and the fried chicken. The stew beef is also pretty good.
1	This location is definitely SUBPAR!  I much prefer the Graham Street location -  the food at Graham is better tasting and more consistent. Also, the Graham St. staff is friendly. My last two visits to the Milton Rd location have been a disappointment.  People smoking at the entrance. Slow service. Sub par food -- ordered beef ribs, they were bone rich and meat poor (in short, skimpy). The yams were hard and dry on booth occasions. The only salvageable part if the meal was the collards. Not enough to bring me back to Milton Rd. #disappointed
1	My first time visiting and the food here was terrible! I ordered fried fish, macaroni/cheese, and yams. Couldn't order any veggies because they are all flavored with pork... Everything I ordered taste days old. If you want good soul food go to The Chicken Box!
