1	DO NOT GO!  I took my Pomeranian there to be groomed.  They were given very SPECIFIC instruction's on how I wanted her groomed, including length of the body, and to just trim the face, leaving her with some fluff and fullness around the face as a Pom should be.  When I picked her up, the groomer had completely shaved her entire body, including around her face.  When I asked why she looked this way the answer the groomer gave me was "I groom pom's like fox's."  This was a blatant disregard for what I (the customer) had specifically asked for.  When I spoke to the manager and told her I was completely unsatisfied with how she looked and that my instructions were completely disregarded her answer was "do you want me to fix it?"  Fix it?!  What is there to fix?  There is no hair left!  So I said "no I don't want you to cut anymore off" (she would look completely bald).  Then she said "well what do you want me to do?"  I said "well I'm an unsatisfied customer, what do you do when that happens?"  She said she would give me a discount on my next grooming.  I said "I paid for this grooming, which was atrocious, not my dogs next grooming."  Then she says "well it sounds like you just want to complain and not let me fix it."  I said "what is there to fix?  Again, she has NO hair left!"  So then she says "well do you want a refund?  Would that make you happy?"  I said yes that would make me very happy.  Her reply "well I just can't do that."  Ok, so then why was that offered to me?  So, aside from the horrible grooming and terrible customer service, the place is also very dirty and it's more than obvious that the groomers are not well trained in how to groom certain breeds of dogs, as well as the fact that they completely disregard any grooming instructions you give them.
1	I've been here numerous times with my pup. The first couple of cuts were great then within the last year I would bring in my Wheaton terrier and the women would only trim her, they would cut just a little bit around the ears, beard, and rear. I was also being charged $69!! After this happened the second time I called to complain but never got a call back. I just decided to take my business elsewhere.
5	Kim did a great job on my dog.  I didn't have an appointment but she got in was very professional. :)  Dennis G.
