3	I was a little lost one day, which happens a lot, and I happened to find this place.  I'm sure glad I did though, because it has become one of my new favorite places.  The staff is super friendly, you instantly feel welcomed.  The food is all very fresh and well prepared, and served fast.  Breakfast is really their thing.  Their bagels are really good and you get your choice of just about anything you might want to go on it.  I haven't been there to try the lunch menu yet, but I'll definitely be back there soon.
3	The turkey club sandwich made my first trip worthwhile.  So I'll be back to try them for brunch.But I wasn't crazy about the house pickles that come with sandwiches. They were old or just brined too long and a little beat up.  And the potato salad was just "ok". The broth in the chicken soup was little more than salted water although it had nice noodles and chunky pieces of chicken.  If prices weren't a few bucks higher than expected I would have felt it was more worth the effort.  But I can get lunch at higher end places for the same price.Also, the bathrooms are scary since they're apparently using them for paint bucket and other storage...  I "hope" they're in the middle of a renovation but that doesn't seem to be the case.
4	This great little neighborhood deli located at the Strawberry Hill shopping center behind the Fresh Market is one of my favorite spots for a quick lunch. Stopped in recently with a co-worker and our server recommended that he have a burger - they were featuring ground beef from the Fresh Market. He loved the burger and fries. I had my fav stand-by - a tossed salad with grilled chicken breast and house-made italian dressing. Unfortunately, we never manage to save room for dessert but our server told us that they have wonderful homemade banana pudding. On our next visit, we'll definitely have to save room for that!
4	Just had lunch here for the first time because my friend always raves about it.  I have been craving a real deli and this ace really hit the spot!  I had a ridiculously meaty sandwich filled with pastrami, bologna, and salami...drool.  Melted to perfection on rye with swiss on top with a nice pasta salad on the side.  The pickles...save the best for last.  I plan making this place a weekly affair starting next Sunday.  Also, such a cute patio, we sat outside and the weather was beautiful!  If you are looking for real a deli, this is the place.
4	Found this place when the Italian place we were wanting to try was closed.  An interesting little diner.  I loved it.  I tried the meatball grinder.  I have to admit that it was difficult to pick up but it was very good.  The meatballs were properly seasoned and the whole thing was yummy.  Sauerkraut as a side item!  It was like being back in Michigan.The only thing we didn't like was the 'pickle on the side'.
4	My wife and I went to Phil's for lunch today and really enjoyed it. We arrived at 1:45, so   the brisket au jus sandwich that I wanted to order turned into a roast beef au jus sandwich. The sandwich was delicious. A lot of meat, good cheese and good au jus. I brought half the sandwich home, but I think most people would finish it with no trouble. My wife got a bacon cheeseburger, which she said was "wonderful". As noted in an earlier review, they get their hamburger from the fresh market next door, and it doesn't resemble what you would get in a fast food type place. I thought the pickles were good. The rest (fries, cottage cheese) were just so-so. Not bad but nothing special. The waiter was busy, but helpful.The prices are somewhat high for what you get. My sandwich, my wife's cheeseburger and two soft drinks came to $20 before tip. We enjoyed our meal, and we'll go again, but it's not a bargain.
3	Standard deli fare and standard prices. Decent consistent food. (Chicken & Tuna Salads are good)
4	What a blessing it is to have taste buds when places like Phil's exist. Standard menu options range from eggs and omelets to deli sandwiches and bagel platters. All the comforts of a proper New York style deli.And so when you're dining New York deli style, who can resist the awesomeness of a Reuben sandwich. Hot pastrami, melted Swiss cheese, tart sauerkraut and tangy Russian dressing (they also do it with mustard) on rye bread and then grilled. I might have the taste buds, but I sure don't have the metabolism and so Phil's makes a slight bow to such folks and offers a "turkey" Reuben sandwich. Perhaps a handful fewer calories, but that some great taste.The drink cooler includes the usual Coke stuff, but the hidden treasure is the Dr. Brown's sodas. And my favorite, the Diet Cream which goes surprisingly well with a "diet" Reuben.A great meal and at only $10, a bargain.It's not exactly easy to find, but it's there between the drug store and the grocery store.
3	Oh my. I've walked by this place tons of times, and hadn't even poked my head in. It's so unassuming. However, my boss wanted to initiate me into the Phil's club, and off to lunch we went.Apparently it's a NY style deli, and that's fine by me. Things like pickles, reubens, and all kinds of sandwiches to suit just about any palate. Very low-key and not fancy at all. It's kind of a "seat yourself and pay at the register after your meal" kind of place. Not many places are still like that.I ordered a grilled pimiento cheese sandwich of some form, and it was delicious. Creamy, melty, and with tomato. I was a happy girl. My side of pasta salad was happily mediocre.Our booth was kind of near the door, so I stayed cold the whole time. Not a huge deal, but people are in and out of this place so fast, I felt the draft more often than not.If you're into the sandwiches with loads of meat in the NY fashion, Phil's is the place for you. And if you feel divided on the issue, there are also some salads to be found.
3	Perfect place for older people or families, that who the food is made for... cheap prices and very plain simple dishes with no bells and whistles. Went for BF, their biscuits were really good, sadly no sausage gravy. I had a bacon egg cheese on toasted pump, the pump was barely toasted so it was chewy... bacon was nice and crisp, no too greasy. BF had western omlete, the menu doesnt tell you what exactly is in it, which ended up being peppers shrooms ham and cheese, was ok, I think we can make better at home but for their prices if you dont want to cook there yah go. Its definately one of those places where everybody knows everybody and if you go there enough the staff knows your name and what you want to eat.
3	A quant little spot I decided to check out before hitting Fresh Market. It is family run business where the employees seem to know their regulars. It is definitely a New York style deli with a large selection of breakfast items, and true deli sandwiches and homemade chicken noodle soup. I went with a cup of noodle soup and the tuna melt. The soup had great flavor and is definitely homemade! As for the tuna, fresh and delicious. It came with a side and pickle. I will definitely make it there for brunch another time.
4	Since I've been working in Charlotte off and on the past 12 weeks, we have been coming here at least once or twice a week. Friendly wait staff, good food, reasonable prices, and quick service. I really like the selections of "regular" and kosher foods. The kosher salami is one of my favorites as well as the beef brisket NY style sandwich.
4	Phil's Deli has the *best* chicken salad ever.  I buy it by the lb all the time.  Then one day I picked some up and asked the lady how you make it and she basically told me.  It's just some salt, pepper, garlic powder in a bowl of boiling hot water.  You boil the chicken (I cut mine into equally sized chunks) for 20 minutes and then drain the water and break the chicken apart, shredding it until it falls apart.  Add some mayo and some diced celery and you're good to go.  If you're a chicken salad fan you HAVE to try theirs.  It's worth the $10 lb they charge for it and I bet you eat chicken salad sandwiches until its all gone.  I always do.  A++++
4	Phil's is a great neighborhood deli. I'm a fan of family-run businesses, it's great to see a mom, dad and daughter working every time we go in. They started recognizing us after maybe the second or third visit and now we've gone countless times. They treat all customers as regulars until you actually become one! I always get the veggie omelet or the tuna melt-both are good and filling. The potato pancakes are tasty too! They serve good breakfasts and traditional deli sandwiches. The decor is not amazing, but it is always clean. The food and the welcoming staff are all you need in a deli anyways!
5	Greek salad with chicken......Mmmmmm Mmmmmm Good! Treat yourself to a grilled pimento cheese sandwich with tomato (on rye!)My husband swears by the grilled chicken club sandwich! Denise, Phil and Amy are the best!
