2	After eating at Jimmy John's in Chicago and Indianapolis, I was so excited they opened one here. Not just here in town, but like 15 feet from work!! It just opened this past week and I rushed over as soon as I could.I've been here twice now for lunch. The first time for a tuna sandwich the next time for the Club LuluThe tuna was bland and I wouldn't have it againThe turkey on the Lulu was nearly non existent but the sandwich was still decent. The lettuce was weird...had a weird texture, I don't quite no how to explain it.I feel kind of let down by this Jimmy John's. Back to Gandolfo's it is!The bread was too chewy. Not quite stale
1	I really expected to like it here!!I just don't!isn't the same here,The bread is just meh. The shredded lettuce felt more like I was biting into shredded wax paper.I'm so over it! I've given it many chances, hoping the first time or so was just a fluke. but it wasn't. So sad :-(
3	Like the previous reviewer, I work just a stone's throw away so I also wanted to like this as a regular spot.  The first time I went I got the Vito, a basic italian sub, which was alright, the bread a lil hard on the end. Next time I had the california club; turkey, avo, sprouts, tomato, lettuce, cucumber, mayo. It was pretty good, flavorful and filling. Today I got the same thing on their wheat bread amd it wasnt as good. Firstly, they forgot my sprouts(!), then i was eating the end of the tomato (the yuck end) and my cucumbers tasted unfresh. They seemed like they were frozen before, all flexy and slimish. Wasn't feelin it at all. The bread is good though. The place is clean and they are extremely fast with like 10 dudes making sandwiches. I can't help but think the quality goes down because they are trying to be so quick. The prices are good though, just please get some quality control.
4	Fast, cheap, tasty.  Pretty hard to screw up a sandwich.  This place is really good.
4	I grew up in the midwest just down the highway from the original Jimmy John's- I ate it as a kid, I ate it as an adult, I ate day-old bread from there for sustenance in college.. this was one of those things I accepted losing when I moved out west. But now it's here!You come here, you get an inexpensive yet large and tasty sub. There are 3 basic categories- the Slims (~$3), with just meat and cheese, the 8" subs ($4.25), and the Giant Clubs ($5.25) - which in many cases are larger versions of the 8" subs but sometimes add extra ingredients. If you're feeling brave (and hungry) there's the Gargantuan, which is exactly what it sounds like.By default, sandwiches are served on crusty but chewy French bread- it's what I crave most about the place and nobody else really matches  it- it's chewy on the outside but squishy on the inside and flattens around your sandwich quite well. You can also opt for the 7-grain on a Giant Club sandwich.My hands-down favorite? The Beach Club- turkey, cheese, guac, cucumber, sprouts, lettuce, tomato, and mayo. I hope they start delivering across the i-10, because this place truly shines when they deliver- their motto is "Subs so fast you freak", and I haven't been let down in the past. You will like this place if a) you're in college or b) you appreciate a fast and cheap yet high-quality sandwich.
3	Freaky Fast.  Their tag line says it all.  In fact, I get stressed out walking in there if I haven't already decided what I want to order.  So, I learned, and now I carefully study the menu before walking over.Other than that, I can't complain.  Is it the best sub I've ever had?  No, but it's WAY better than Subway, Cousins or the Quzino's they replaced.  I didn't know they would cut the pickle in half when I ordered the giant pickle as my side.  That was disappointing to me - I wanted my pickle un-cut.  This might be the sole reason they only get 3 stars from me.
4	Great sandwiches made quickly. The first time I tried them I wasn't impressed but I've since tried some of the other sandwiches on the menu and now they're one of my favorites for a quick meal.
5	How could I NOT have reviewed JJ's yet?! I freaking LOVE this place! I originally popped my proverbial Jimmy John's cherry in St Louis, then was able to enjoy them yet again in Chanhassen, MN...then Brookfield, WI...but why oh why didn't the Phoenix area have it?!? Why did I need to jump a plane to get my Jimmy John's fix?!? Then, thank GOD, I was driving along Elliot and stumbled upon them!! They've now opened a slew of them throughout the East Valley-primarily in Tempe near ASU, go figure. If you've never been before, there's a couple different sizes...slims ($3.50), 8" subs ($4.50), and GIANT club sandwiches ($5.50). Then, in a category all to itself, the JJ Gargantuan ($7.50). These guys know how to make a sub...and fast! (Their slogan is Subs so fast you'll freak!) Everything is super fresh, not like Subway with their day old tomatoes and wilted lettuce (bleck!). JJ's does it different-they give you the option to make your sandwich an 'unwich'-basically what you order in a lettuce wrap for all you carb-aphobics out there. I've ordered quite a few different subs and all have exceeded my expectations-my FAVES are the #5 Vito and the #9 Italian Night Club both with hot peppers! These guys cater AND deliver.If you're in the area, definitely give this place a try-they dont disappoint!
5	My new favorite sammich spot!!! The bread is fresh and great!!! I always get the turkey tom with extra mayo (make sure you get extra mayo or you will have a dry sub on your hands). The hub loves the gargantuan. The only other advise I would give is to not get the chocolate chip cookies (they are pretty dense and not very good) and read the signs while you sit and eat. They are pretty funny. The service really is fast and I have freaked a few times. Be sure to take advantage of the free smell as well
3	Another average sub shop. The only thing that stood out was their fantastic bread. Other then that Jimmy Johns was just average. If not for the bread I would rate it along the same lines as Subway,maybe a half star higher.Still the best chain sub shop in town is Firehouse.
2	After a friend raving about this place for 6 months I had to go.  I'd say my turkey sanwich was pretty average.I'd never go again simply for the fact they don't have Sweetener for their unsweetened iced tea.  Boo.
5	When I was 20/21 years old, every weekend around 2:30 AM I would stop in my local Milwaukee, WI Jimmy Johns for an after-party, sometimes choosing the "we will deliver just one sandwich" route to my downtown apartment, but always choosing Jimmy Johns. I grew older, (22/23) and moved to Phoenix, AZ, and found my closest solution to getting my JJ fix was Tuscon, AZ. So occasionally when the cravings got so bad, I would drive down for a sub. Sometimes I would make a friend who lived 2 hours south of Tuscon stop on her way to Phoenix to get me one. One time, the craving was so bad I made a friend visiting from Milwaukee bring me one on the plane with her when she visited. Now that I am old and gray,(25/26), Phoenix has decided to jump on board and add JJ to the valley. 13 pounds heavier and so much happier now that I have my Turkey Tom and my sexy Big John fix, the last piece to my puzzle will be when they put one by my workplace so I can get a sub delivered to me every day for lunch. FREAKISHLY FAST!(They are not lying. When a delivery department can deliver before you pass out getting home from the bar, you know it is fast) Note: If you can not catch well, ask them to hand you your sub nicely. I have been hit when not on the up and up.
4	#12 beach club with jalapeno chips. done. =)
4	It took me a couple of tries to get used to it but now I am hooked! JJ's is a fantastic alternative to Subway. I give it 4 stars --with the realization it is fast food. Great, tasty, quick sandwich!
4	I am always in search of good food fast...not fast food! I think Jimmy John's knows what they are doing, and should continue to knock out those sandwiches, FAST.I love that I can pretty much know, I will a) Not wait in line and b) be in and out in 2 to 5 minutes flat! Heck yeah! And get a very tasty filling sub.I recommend the Lulu, it is very good, and has tons of meat.Oh, don't waste your hard earned money on the Avocado. This is my only complaint about Jimmy John's, they have pureed avocado and just spread it on like it is mayo, only they don't put much on. I think it is a waste of money.This is my go to lunch place when I am in a hurry!
4	At times I crave a sandwich for lunch, and other places just haven't been satisfying the craving, but then a co-worker told me about Jimmy Johns, and I have been hooked every since! The bread is soo dang good which is important for a sandwich, bad bread can make even the best ingredients taste awful!  Every time I go I always say I am going to try something new, but I haven't made it past the Big John or Beach Club (minus the sprouts) which so far are my 2 favorites!  The meat and the toppings are fresh and tasty and the price is very reasonable! You should forget Subway and head on over to Jimmy Johns!!
4	Visited JJ's back in June with a co-worker and ordered the "Vito" sub, which quickly became one of my favorites. I've been back here several times since.If you are really hungry, go for the "Italian Night Club" - you won't be disappointed.One word of advice - this establishment gets busy very quickly. If you expect to eat inside you need to get here a little bit ahead of the normal lunch rush. There are also tables outside on the patio, but that doesn't work too well in the summer months for obvious reasons.Excellent service - fast, friendly and very reasonable. I don't think I've ever been to any sub/sandwich shop that has made me a sandwich this fast.Good job, guys!
4	I LOVE Jimmy Johns and ever since I found out they have come out to Arizona, I have been hooked! I typically go to this location because it's closest to my work. The place gets really busy during lunch so if you're in a hurry, I would set aside an extra 5 minutes to get your sandwich made. The service is a little lacking when it's busy, but that's because the workers have no breathing room... and neither do the customers by the receiving end of the line. I guess the layout of the store is a little odd, but it seems to work out, for the most part.I highly recommend the Italian Night Club. It's like the smaller version of the ever-so-tasty Gargantuan. Now... if there were more locations closer to Gilbert, I would be a happy woman!
5	As I have mentioned in several reviews before, I have my own ATOS (Amber Terms of Service) in which my #1 rule is to never review a place that you have only been to once unless you know for certain you will not be back.As I sit here eating this giant pickle, I find myself IN a pickle... because while this is the first time I have eaten at Jimmy John's, they DID deliver free samples to the office yesterday... so is that technically 1+???Well, even if its not, I don't care. I am impressed beyond words at their incredible ability to serve their business clientele... Let me explain. Yesterday, out of nowhere, a nice delivery boy from JJ just drops by 10 or 12 mini subs for the office to sample. Super nice. Great marketing tool. Everyone was happy as a clam. Who doesn't love free food?So, today, I felt like it would be a good idea to return the favor and give them our business. We had 12 people order subs, and the entire ordering process was incredibly easy. You can order online, or call in the order. When everything was delivered, each sub had the correct name, they itemized the receipt by our names so that each person could have the correct amount deducted from their paycheck, and everything was 100% correct. No mixups. Aside from the incredible convenience of their ordering, their friendliness, and the awesome delivery, the subs were incredible tasting and at a fabulous price point. The bread (even though I'm not supposed to eat it - whoopppps) was fresh and delicious, the veggies were all fresh and piled on, and my pickle was huge and incredibly satisfying. (get your mind out of the gutter)You can choose 7 grain bread or a french roll, or for those who want the low-carb route, you can wrap your sub in lettuce! They have a great variety of subs, including two veggie options that can be made vegan, chips, pickles, drinks. Their website is really cool too - you can figure out the exact nutritional value of your entire meal, and the site is fun and easy to use. Anyway - incredible all around. I am very impressed and can't wait for our next group order!!
3	Quick, cheap, good is heavily biased towards the first two. It's less varied than Subway. Weird? Aren't there 18 or so main sandwiches? Certainly are but there's 3-4 base  meats and then it's just a matter of arrangement. Maybe using  gourmet in the name  is what's bugging me as it's pretty pedestrian and the love for the bread from most reviews doesn't fit  my experience and other than providing a structure to place the meat on. That and the wall propaganda , pretty bombastic considering the mediocre bread  and  almost tasteless beef sandwich I had at lunch which was about as processed as beef gets while retaining it's form. 3 stars because it's  good value for money if you have to go with people / are in a five minute rush ( at that point you have more issues than can be dealt with by bread and filling)
4	This location is super quick! I placed the order and about the time I was putting my change back in my wallet the 2 sandwiches were ready! WOW. I've never received a sandwich quicker.The sandwiches are packed with meat and have fresh toppings. The bread is also good, nice and soft and not soggy.
3	Pepe....add sprouts, salt, pepper, O & V, cucumber, onion then pickle on the side= yum
1	I experienced some of the worst customer service here that I've ever had in the restaurant industry. The staff consisted of snotty teenage girls who were extremely rude to my mother when she simply asked them to pack the tomatoes for her sandwich separately and they didn't understand. Meanwhile, the manager just stood there and stared into space as my exasperated mother attempted to communicate what she wanted to no avail. We finally just gave up and went to the Ray and 54th St franchise. As we were walking out the door, the girls started laughing and pointing at us. I will NEVER go there again.
4	Sandwiches are always great, prices are worth it and delivery is crazy fast (I've never been in the store - Delivery only). That's that.
3	I don't get it.  It's a chain sandwich joint.  Just because sprouts and cucumber come on sandwiches without asking doesn't mean it is fresh and natural.  Don't get me wrong...it's fine.  But it's nothing special beyond any other franchise sandwich.
5	Mmm, Pepe!
5	so, i now work in their delivery area. i ordered my sandwich on line @ 11:31am. delivered to me, in my hands, at 11:39! unreal!!! great fresh ingredients, fast service with a smile. cant beat it. plus its the same price as subway but fresher, friendlier AND FREE delivery! sold. thank you JJ's.
1	Freaky slow more like it. Ordered 2 Sammys @ 7:20 p. Arrived at 8:25pm. Soggy, delivered by a driver who seemed annoyed with us because he was late?! It'd be faster to order pizza. Next time we'll just go to Subway.
5	Even though this place is usually packed, they have their lunch rush down to the tee. By the time I am done paying for my order, within a couple minutes it's ready for me to pick up. I usually just stick to ordering a sandwich because the add-on's tend to get a bit expensive for me. I love their italian sandwich. I look forward to coming back.
4	Yes I am a fan. First time here was yesterday at lunch. There was no line, is suspect the reason for no line would be that they are SUPER fast. This place made me a 8" Italian club on a fresh hoagie roll in less than 2 minutes for $5.00. Its a great deal, good ingredients and the lettuce is finley shredded (like any good hoagie place does). I will be back for sure with more people. They deliver too. So get that food delivered when you shouldn't drive but you are REALLY hungry.
2	If it weren't for average food, bad service and the dirty environment i'd have nothing to say but good about the place.
4	Every Jimmy John's will get you generally the same quality food, but at this location, these guys are FAST!  It's like they psychically read what you're thinking.  We always joke that your order goes like this:Me: "I would like a.. "Employee: "HereYouGo" (Sandwich handed to you before you finish your sentence)
3	Quick, fresh, Easy.
2	Place is tiny and awkwardly set up. You have to reach over someones head to get a lid and straw for your drink... Went there twice and they got my really simple (turkey, lettuce, and mustard on wheat) order wrong both times. The last time they smothered it in mayo! If you want an amazing sandwich skip this place and go to sprouts deli... 2.99 and delicious.
5	Always good food with a clean environment- this location always seems to have good music and extremely helpful staff.
4	Oh Jimmy Johns you know I love your fresh bread and when I'm at work and forgot my lunch and craving a sandwich, I just call you and you bring me one, I like our relationship, it's been going good, but last few times you have failed me and left me a little sadToday I called and ask you for a #12 with no tomatoes (coworker heard great things about and wanted to give you a try) and a #11 with extra Dijon & all the freebies and while the #12 turned out perfect, the 11 was lacking any Dijon and no hot peppers. It was still a great sandwich, just wasn't quite the perfect one. But my coworker did enjoy her #12.Let's try to mend this relationship the next time I call........
4	Great subs, great service. I love the bootlegger club!!
3	I like Jimmy Johns. I really like their Tuna fish sandwich. It is one of the best for a fast food sandwich shop. There is another sandwich shop across the street that I like a lot more but when I am in the mood for Tuna or my coworkers want to come here I will stop by.They are super fast I will give them that. There have only been a few times that I have been able to get my drink before they have my sandwich ready. I am just not a super fan. They are a thousand times better than the mega giant of fast food sandwich shops, Dumb Way.
3	Meh.  Don't get why some people think JJ's is so hot.  Ordered a simple sub with no onions and add peppers.  What do I get?  A metric crapload of onions, no peppers.  So I fixed that, but the thing was still "meh".  So-so bread, so-so meat quality & quantity, not particularly tasty, not particularly bad.  Very unmemorable.  Jersey Mike's makes a much better "chain" sandwich than these guys.  I'll give JJ one more shot, but won't be rushing back.
3	Pretty tasty, simple, and fairly quick.Tuna please.Don't come into this location at lunch cuz it's a madhouse with all the local businesses and the specialty college across the road.Any other time the location seems to be rather quiet, a couple of cars in the lot and maybe three customers inside.The options are plentiful and I like that.Not exactly sure why they tear the bread OUT of the loaf and throw it away.  Talk about throwing away money.  They need to quit that practice unless the customer specifies that's what they want.  Or is that the big selling point of the Jimmy John's subs???Crazy that it takes four or five people to put together one sandwich but I guess they've got the system down to a science and that's why they can say they're fast.In general, I like the sandwiches and they're a good change from Subway or any of the other area sandwich shops.
4	I love your subs Jimmy Johns.  The bread is super yummy and I love that its convenient and fast.  I just have one (perhaps crazy) pet peeve.  Is there a reason you always have to put tomatoes right on the bread? Seriously, there is nothing appetizing about soggy bread and it always baffled me that you do this.
1	Well generally food is good.  Service is about the same here, not particularly special but they get you out the door without much hassle.  This occasion was not the norm, other than the music so loud you can't communicate without repeating everything or just deciding "whatever".  Well this evening the little, skinny dude behind the counter didn't like me asking why I couldn't get an extra item on the side so I could determine how much I wanted to put on my sandwich so he offers the sarcastic "Have a good night" comment.  Had to let him know I was having a good night and that his personality really glistened, like the stuff on a pooper scooper.
1	I never knew before because I never asked... the reason why the "giant" club sandwiches are $2 more than the 8" clubs is because they scoop out the inside of the bread on the 8" clubs. If you want the bread left in, then you pay $2 more. Wow... so you're just throwing away all the extra bread for the people who buy the 8" clubs? Your "giant club sandwiches" are not giant at all. They are the same size! They just have all of the bread in them, and maybe a little bit of extra veggies. And by extra veggies they put on more lettuce. Wow, just wow. I'm glad I found this out today. Jimmy John's will no longer get my business. No other sandwich company does this. You can get a 12 INCH sub at Subway for $5 and they don't scoop out their bread. How shady and wasteful.
2	Bumbed out!!!! My daughter was visiting from CA and told her about the freaky fast delivery and what a shame. 45 min for delivery..... More like freaking slow delivery!!!
5	I went into the office and I was starving .. students were piling into the door and taking their seats and I needed something to eat fast because I had skipped breakfast to coach my sons football game .. no way I could I skip lunch too!I went online and ordered from Jimmy Johns store on W. Elliot in Tempe and WOW!  Talk about 'freaky-fast'!  That sandwich showed up in zero seconds flat!  Freaky-freaky-freaky-fast!  Great job Jimmy, keep up the good work!
4	Jimmy John's is a great example of a simple idea executed really well.  I love the 7 grain bread and the jalapeno kettle chips, and they always make good on their promise to deliver freaky fast!
