4	Fresh food, simple menu, and very affordable. The service is fast and efficient. Classic US/Italian fares. Perfect for lunch.
4	A good late-night spotbut fine for lunch too.  Serviceand food are both great.
4	A good spot to have a greasy sub or pizza on the way home from a club/bar at 3am. Fast service. Fast delivery if needed. I think they work 24/7 - never seen them closed. A must have on your fridge.
4	i had a chicken sandwich and my friend had a cheeseburger.  they were weird on the phone, but very fast (the fries were still crunchy by the time they delivered).  My friend thought the burger had a weird texture, but my chicken sandwich was pretty awesome.PLEASE make your own ranch dressing.  No one so far in Montreal understands the concept of good homemade ranch.  Do your part to keep fat American tourists happy :D
5	An eclectic mix of Italian, Greek and North American foods that can be served without compromising quality for quantity or speed.It's one of the few spots I'd define a fast food that actually serve GOOD food at very reasonable prices. Their Alto Burger trio usually fills me up pretty well, and this comes from a proficient eater.Alto is strategically placed close to the McGill campus, the ghetto, the residences and the downtown scene. Yet despite the surroundings, it is never full and you are guaranteed to find a seat even when the Montreal Canadians hockey team is playing. The common sense with which Alto is run and their great quality for the prices charged would earn them four stars, yet one can't fail to mention their insanely late opening (and delivery) times and their proverbially fast delivery service.What's more, delivery is free and I've never encountered a "minimum amount" barrier. I hotly suggest their burger trios and their milkshakes. Pita dishes are OK if you fancy a quick bite but aren't too hungry. The poutine is a good effort, but the cheese is normal grated brick one rather than the traditional curds, so explore other parts of the menu.It is the meeting point of the restaurant, the deli and the fast food joint. It runs like clockwork, the kitchen is always busy (indicating good grocery turnover) and if you order to deliver you will have your food extremely fast, wherever you are.
4	Was here in Montreal for Formula one weekend.  We stayed at McGill residene hall down the block and were walking around the area to find a decent place to eat. We considered the other restaurants around the area but the array of flags outside of the restaurant caught out eyes.  It's a smaller sized restaurant that served just about anything you might want. The atmosphere is very comforting for some reason.  3 out of 4 of us got the steak and pepperoni sandwich.  I highly recommend is sandwich because we came back the next night just to get those sandwiches again. Food came out fast and the waiters were very nice. All in all I highly recommend this spot because it's reasonably priced, open late, good service and most of all hits the spot.
3	Didn't think the food was anything spectacular, but it was a nice place to sit, eat, escape the cold, and watch a hockey game on TV. Very convenient that its open late, too!
5	Alto's is bomb. While the food is pretty standard in general terms, for latenight eats in Montreal (its open til either 4 or 5 am most nights, including delivery), their service is pretty much impeccable and their quality is consistent and most importantly, FAST. I have never once had to wait more than ten minutes for my food at altos, or more than 20 minutes for delivery. And it's usually faster. Plus their gyro and cheeseburger combos are a pretty good deal and hit the spot after a long shitty evening at the library or better yet one spent out getting crunked. The all dressed pizza and milkshakes are also pretty good.
3	Alto's is a slice of genius on a street which significantly lacks good food. Given their competition is Pita Pit and Subway, Alto's blows the competition in the area out of the water and serves up a plate of convenient food. Exactly what type of food? Whatever you want. Sandwiches, pizza, pita rolls, poutine, burgers, etc. I mean shit they do everything decently so it's a good place to go if you have craving for something late at night.This place maintains this same standards throughout all hours of the night. They deliver till 5am on weekends and it's amazing how fast they are. I'd be hard pressed to find a better delivery place given the quantity of food this place makes on a given night
3	Ok, I'm american so here is my opinion of food/service.I ordered from here 3 times to my hotel room at the Lord Berri hotel.  They are wicked fast delivery.  Star for that.  Their pizza is passable and for 2am food, its the bees knees.  But only at 2am.  Star for that.The fries suck delivered.  The wings are overpriced.  I consider anything over a dollar per wing excessive.The subs are weird, gross and overpriced.  I was able to eat the chicken parm but it stuck with me awhile.  The signature steak sub  special was horrid.The cheeseburger was ok.
5	Love their pizzas!Try house special or seafood pizzas.They do deliver and take-out as well.
4	Good pizza.Timely delivery. Hassle free. Convenient ass hell!  Do it!
3	4:59 AM delivery FOR THE WIN.The food is tasty enough (although certainly nothing special) and the delivery is amazingly quick.My biggest gripes are that there's really not much that's healthy to order (although I suppose that's not the point) and some of the food is really overpriced for what you get.  Stay away from the mozzarella sticks - the quality is poor, the portion is small and they charge way too much for what you get.
3	The service is fast and the food is good for the price, pretty ample menu so everyone should be able to find something they like.
4	This cool little diner was my last stop from a fantastic weekend in Montreal. I wanted to try a food staple of Montreal, which is the Poutine. So my friends and I all ordered a different poutine and try each others. The regular, which tasted pretty decent, the chicken and bacon, which was a little bland because of the chicken, and the trio meat, which was probably the best out of all three. The cheese on all three were very stretchy, the type you find on pizza. We also had some house beer. The lady was very nice, even though we spoke no French, and she spoke a decent amount of English. I always try to speak the native language, but failed horribly. The prices are decent, but the beers were pretty expensive, I think the mugs are half the normal size, so ordering two is really getting one beer, which ends up being $7.
3	Decent meat lover's pizza. Good place for a 2 AM snack downtown.
4	I love this place since my Mcgill days! I misssss it! But whenever I m in the area I run straight back for my poutine and pita or altoburger or chicken ceasar salad with garlic bread or pizza or wings and things.....too bad they only deliver downtown!
3	Stumbled in for some late nite food while in town for the jazz fest.Downtown doesn't have many late nite food options (that I've found, at least), but this place is open til 4am on weekends, and serves decent sub/sangwich fare. BLT, ham and cheese sub and fried mozzarella sticks were all serviceable.
3	This place is old school and full of undergraduate late night memories. Open late and with fast delivery, Altos answers the desperate munchie driven cry of Montrealers small and wide. Eating in is, you know... brightly lit, tough waitresses with sideways smiles, plastic chairs, big pitchers of "beer" (no options. just beer.) and that classic Montreal mix of GreektalianQuebcooking that hits the heart just right. 10 inch pepperoni sub with piles of greek salad on top? Check. Lasagne gratine? Check. Gyro trio to go? You know you want to. And even though Altos doesn't do the best of any of these things, I always somehow end a meal from here grinning and weirdly satisfied.
5	Reasonable price, good and plentiful amount of food, very pleasant staff and stays open for longer hours than most of the places. Absolutely recommend!
5	All the staff is really polite and both service and food tasted really good at a really low price
2	I can best describe this as "drunk food". If you're drunk and it's late and you don't have a ton of money, this is a good bet. A mish mash of different types of food. Again, perfect of you're drunk with a crowd. Chicken pita was smothered in sour cream. The spaghetti with meat sauce was totally overlooked and poorly drained. There was water on the plate.
3	First time, and got take out - not too bad! Food was ready promptly, and the fries weren't overly soggy. The wings were pretty decent (though they are breaded). Service is friendly, and the pricing is great. Not much in the way of ambiance, but, that's not what you go to Alto for.
5	Friendly staff, quick service, convenient hours, reasonable prices, and the best sandwich I've had yet in Montreal.  Great location too!  They have an extensive menu, but I cannot get past the steak sub. It is dreamy!
4	The service was great and the food was good. The owner was very friendly and made us feel very welcome as tourists. It was nearly midnight and he was still upbeat and hospitable.
3	Nice service. But the food is average. Great for late night food. But not for a date or anything.
4	This place has some great poutine. Their poutine is very different from other places in that their cheese are not in curds or curdy at all, it is melted goodness.They also have great subs. This is place you would go if you are not sober or you are craving unhealthy and comfort food. Staff is pretty nice and like i said, food is above average compared to other fast food places. Just wish they would stop increasing their price.
3	go if there's nothing else open and you want junk food
3	This is a good place to grab drunk bites, but really nothing more than that. They deliver and are open till 4-5am, which I think is their best appeal. I thoroughly enjoy their vegetarian poutine, and other poutine a in general, but only when I am not in my sober state of mind. Their poutine are very soupy - lots and lots of gravy that is not as thick as what I am used to. Many of my friends find this gross, but I actually really like it!
3	Stopped in here yesterday, and it is a pure example of the good and the, well, mediocre. As far as the service, it was great. The server was on top of everything and always pre-bused. However, I was charged extra by the server. When I ordered a combo I was told that he came with a soda. I asked if I could replace it with bottled water instead (I don't drink soda), and the server said yes. However, I was charged for it. As far as the food, as other people have said it is basically bar food. I had a gyro plate with fries. The gyro was similar to Grecian Delight (didn't seem to be off a spit) and the fries had no salt. The meal was average...not great or bad, just average. However, because of the service, I am willing to give this place another try and see what they recommend.
