5	As soon as you walk in to this bagel shop the aroma tells you it is the real thing. In a nut shell the only NYC type bagel place in Charlotte.The bialys and all the bagels are the best you can get in Charlotte ditto for the crumb cake. On Saturday mornings the line is to the door. But there is plenty of help and everything moves quickly.
4	You might be surprised to find a New York deli and bagel bakery in Stallings and even more suprised that the place is quite awesome.  There's no mistaking that they are from New York (the accents and New York Giants hat give it away) and they know their bagels.  They have a wide variety of fresh bagels, muffins, and pastries along with any number of toppings to go on it.  And by toppings, I mean everything from sausage, egg, and cheese to whipped cream that has strawberries and blueberries mixed in.  They also have a deli serving Boars Head meat so this isn't just a place for breakfast.  My favorite is the sausage and cheese on a croissant.
5	This place is awesome!!!  I'm so excited I have a place to get good bagels and real vegetable cream cheese.  They also have some excellent treats that are near impossible to find down here, like chicken livers and taylor ham.  If you are from up north and you want a real bagel, this place is a must try!
4	I loved the interior of this restaurant.  Excellent atmosphere.I ordered a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich on an "everything" bagel.  It is in the top two of my favorite restaurants for egg sandwiches.There were only two people working there (Saturday around noon).  At around 15 minutes, it took them longer than I thought to prepare our meals.For dessert, I ordered one of their large sugar cookies with sprinkles to split with a friend.  It was the worst part of my experience here.  Very hard and dry.  Aside from that, I have no complaints about this place and will be returning very soon.
2	Not impressed. I have been eating at Poppy Seed bagels for about a month now. It is right down the road from my job so it was a convenient alternative to the Independence Fast Food choices. Now, being a Southerner, I've never had the chance to experience "bagels &Lox" but decided that this place might be a good starting point. After all, they taught themselves as being an authentic NY Style Bagel shop. What I got was 100% opposite of what I was expecting. Their menu pics would have you believe that you would be enjoying a delicious bagel with cream cheese,capers and thin slices of smoked salmon. What I received was about 1 cup of cream cheese with what seemed like chopped pieces of "salmon" mixed in with it. Can't say it tasted like anything more than a fishy cream cheese bagel. The actual bagel wasn't anything to write home about either. I've gotten the same or better at my local grocers bakery. I decided not to ban them after this one failed outing and gave them a second try. I had a plain bagel with their Scallion cream cheese. It was again, 1 cup of cream cheese with a few diced pieces of the actual scallion. I, honestly, couldn't even tell that it was there. T The next meal was one of their sandwiches. I tried the Harmony Turkey sandwich on a plain bagel. The fact that they use Boars Head meat is a plus and honestly, made the sandwich. The bagel was tough and the wimpy shredded pieces of Iceberg lettuce were a let down. Needless to say, I won't be going back here for the bagels, which is sad because that's what they are supposed to be specializing in. The decor is cute and homely. They have a good selection of kettle chips and desserts at the counter. However, I'll stick to McDonald's bagels with egg,cheese and bacon for a quick on-the-go breakfast. It's actually much better.
2	Yes, the best bagels around.  But, you really get nickeled and dimed.  Really, a dollar extra for tomato and lettuce on you sandwich.  Oh, and now two less bagels in a dozen if you use a credit card.  A regular no more...
4	Best bagel I have ever had outside of NY.  Gets crowded on Saturday and Sunday morning so be prepared to be patient. Family run and excellent service.  Breakfasts are reasonable and tasty, good value, great place
2	Frustrated by Panera's "bagels," decided to try this place on a whim. It's a good 20 minutes from my house so I was hoping the ride would be worth it. It wasn't.Bagels were mediocre. Very tough and mild in flavor. What's really irritating is the 10+ minutes you will wait in line at this place. The staff works hard but makes no headway; they don't work smart and so what should be a quick morning bagel slowly--very slowly--turns into an afternoon exercise in futility. Very expensive. Bagels are $12/dozen and cream cheese $1.71 for a 1/4 pound. Bottles of Snapple are $2.25/each. No wonder a very clearly marked sign, "No outside food or beverage," graces the front door.
4	I am not originally from NY, but I can appreciate a good bagel...and these bagels are pretty good.  The cream cheese flavors are also very good and made with fresh ingredients.  My favorite is the Bacon, Tomato and Scallion...real bacon, fesh tomatoe and slices of green onion.  My son tried the Chocolate Chip and the flavor was a bit flat.  Not bad, but not WOW....which is what we were hoping for.  We have also tried the Green Olive and Pimento and that was good, too.  My husband likes the Cheddar and Jalapeno, chock full of sliced fresh jalapeno...seeds and all.   I have been there for lunch a couple of times and have tried their Italian sub and Veggie wrap...both were really good!  They serve Boar's Head meats.They also have a great selection of desserts and beverages.  The coffee is ok.  My son liked the Black & White and M&M cookies.
3	Im not generally a bagel fan. I eat them if I am with my wife andshe wants one.  I tried this place because its much closer than the other options and it sucked. You order cinnamon bagel and they spread cold bitter and sprinkle some cinnamon on top.  Who wants to eat that!  I like food, and i'll admit to being picky on likes times but that's just silly.  Service was normal nothing wrong with that or the price.  Hopefully that was a fluke.  Serving Boars Head was a smart choice in my book.
5	This is a great place. Stopped in for breakfast with my daughter. Omelette, home fries, bagel, and a cookie. All excellent
5	I've never had a bagel so good in my life.  Seriously! I can't tell you what it is but these guys have unlocked the secret to the perfect bagel.  They're heavenly when they're still hot and served as a sandwich.  Prices are excellent and so this place is busy but definitely a top spot for the bagel lovers.  The best bagel in Charlotte.
5	These bring me back to my long island roots...charges were right on the money (no pun intended) and the atmosphere is just like the ny bagelry I remember.  Bagels are crispy on the outside, seeds go around the whole bagel and middle is chewy and perfect!  Go for the twists...really awesome, but sell out fast.  Thanks!
5	I've bought from here a couple of times only because the bakery is out of the way and not convenient. I stopped by yesterday and bought a cappuccino muffin. What can you say about a muffin? Well this was the best tasting and fresh muffin that I  have ever had. Almost like eating a cup of coffee. Bagels are good also. Highly recommend.
4	There are a few bagel places in Charlotte - and to be fair, Poppyseeds is not quite in Charlotte, but it is well worth the drive if you are anywhere near. Though they are open most of the day, you are most likely to visit in the early morning, those being prime bagel eating hours.When you do, you will almost always find a short line awaits you. Luckily, it moves quickly, so be ready - the line moves along the cases that showcase the bagels that are available that day, and the boards overhead show you the various toppings (spreads) that are in stock.The only downside, other than the locale, is that you have to be ready to go - drinks are available at the beginning of the line, so you have to get your drink, check out the bagels and scan the menu boards all at the same time, right up front. At first glance it also doesn't seem that they offer fountain drinks, but they are available behind the counter.Service is outstanding - if they have a minute (a rarity), the staff is very welcoming.
5	Just plain and simple. Poppyseeds is still on top. They are very consistant in quality and taste. Their bagels just right, but, I am still in love with the muffins!
5	Love this place. 1 minute from my house. Super friendly staff. Great coffee, bagels & cinnamon buns.
5	Fantastic bagels and bialys (a rarity in Charlotte)!  Born and raised in Brooklyn, Poppyseeds feels like a place right out of my former stomping grounds.  A bit hidden in Stallings, but judging by the lines on Sunday mornings, this place is certainly not a secret.  I've tried numerous "NY style" bagel shops in Charlotte, and Poppyseeds is definitely my favorite.  They also have a nice selection of flavored cream cheeses and bakery items.  My kids love the muffins, and I can vouch for the fantastic cinnamon rolls.  I drive almost 30 minutes for my weekly venture to Poppyseeds, and it's well worth the trip!
5	When you walk in - especially mornings - you will hear angels all singing in harmony.
5	I am from NY and definitely LOVE this place.  Tasty spreads of cream cheese, awesome tuna salad and my favorite is the roasted red pepper sandwich that I like on a bialy.  The owner always greets you with a big hello and is fast and efficient in taking your order to making it.  I love the diet snapple options,  fresh bakery items and macaroni salad.  I go often:)
5	My dad & I came here this morning. I'd never heard of it & I'm so glad we found it! We had a raspberry pastry which tasted fresh & homeade, really good. And we got a French toast bagel w/ honey almond cream cheese. We absolutely loved it! I knew from the first bite that it has been boiled, it was soft & chewy just the way I like it. Best bagel I've had here! I def recommend it & will be going back soon!
4	As a New Yorker, the search for a decent bagel in CLT has been frustrating. Most bagels in this city come from chains and are soft, mushy rolls with holes. Not my idea of a bagel. Luckily, there's PoppySeeds, serving bagels that could have come from NY. The right consistency, the right texture, and the right toppings. This place puts those bagel chains to shame and deserves a try. Go, get a bagel with a shmear! You'll love it.
5	I took my mom to lunch there before we went shopping for plants at the Kings Nursery nearby. We both had bagel sandwiches. Everything was delicious. The management and staff were friendly and helpful. The pastry display was gorgeous and we enjoyed choosing from their wide variety of juices/sodas. We'll be back!
4	I was visiting my cousin from New Jersey I was amazed by how authentic it was they even had Taylor ham. The bagels were very good similar to what I'm used to.
5	GREAT customer service and the food was wonderful! I am picky! Eggs were cooked perfectly and the staff went out of their way to be nice and helpful!
5	This place is fantastic! Great customer service and the menu is awesome. We will definitely be back!
5	Absolutely delicious food, and so cheap! I got three asiago bagels with cream cheese, and two bacon/egg/cheese sesame bagels for $14. It fed three people to the point of napping, and there was a bagel leftover.  The service was super fast for the line in the morning, and every person was getting table service, and multiple orders filled as well. The staff were courteous, and friendly, and I simply have nothing negative to say at all. Drop the zero, New York bagel, and get with the hero, Poppyseeds!
4	Excellent bagels and cream cheese flavors. I wish they would brew better coffee to make the breakfast experience complete.
4	Great locally owned bagel & sandwich shop. The line can sometimes be long but moves fairly quickly. Nice spot to catch with friends & neighbors.
5	By far the best bagel I've had in the South. Went in on the Sunday afternoon of Thanksgiving, no line, the salesgirl was very pleasant. They were out of a few bagel types but had my mainstay: sesame. I picked up my week's breakfast, 1/2 dozen sesame with a half pound each of lox and scallion spread. I do like my schmear. I waited until dinner to try them out. Totally worth the trek out to the middle of nowhere (apologies south towners, but this is a haul from home in SouthEnd). I was totally surprised to see the other baked goods- I didn't buy any this time but can see some fresh coffee cake in my future. This is the real kind- 2 inch high slab of crumbs over cake. They also had rolls and lunch meat (Boar's Head!). And I think I spotted a full smoked salmon. If they cut that to order, I just might pass out. If they have some who knows how to, I could die. My bias is:  I worked in a bagel shop in high school (shout out to Strathmore Bagels in Somerstown Shopping Center!) and this place has the same feel- family owned with good food. I don't think they have the Bubbe's from the retirement community across the way to tsk-tsk whenever they don't get exactly what they want (despite what they asked for, lol) to keep everyone in their toes, though.
3	Being from up north I expected more flavor from a Italian NYC style deli. This has been the most difficult thing down south for me is finding a good sub shop. Decent, not cheap and customer service is poor. The search continues. Also stay away from the black and white half moon cookies. Taste like a packages cookie bought from walmart deli.
5	Closest we've found to NY bagels. Egg sandwiches are delicious. Friendly place. We are here at least once a week.
3	Not bad, flavor was decent for the bagels and cream cheeses.  I was a little surprised when I order a few bagels with cream cheese that they didn't come toasted - nor did any bagels we ordered as breakfast sandwiches.  They could have at least asked if that was what I wanted.  The staff I worked with wasn't particularly friendly or helpful however they were very quick at getting the large order together.  Worth giving it another shot.
4	After a 20 year bagel drought in California, you can understand why I was suspicious about the random bagel shop down the street from where I'm staying here in Charlotte. It smelled so good when I walked in, that this skeptical Native New Yorker became cautiously optimistic. The lady at the counter was very nice, and also vaguely Long Islandy...another good sign. I bought one bagel, took it home, toasted it and added cream cheese. Happy dance! It was delicious! Even more important: it was firm and chewy. Thats the texture I've been dreaming of...Possibly because they have better water here than in San Diego, but there is definitely a New Yorker back there somewhere making these things. I'll tell you what, when we settle in to our new place, no matter how far away we move, I'll be back.
4	I really liked there food here. The selection is great and everything is super fresh. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The only problem with this place is the price.  Quite overpriced for bagels and bakery items but it might almost be worth it.
1	Stood in line for 10min to have them tell me the toaster doesn't work part comes Monday it's Sat. You would think they would be intelligent enough to go next door and buy a 14$ toaster. If that's how they run a business makes you wonder how they are preparing the food items. Will never go back. Would be like going to a breakfast place called all about eggs and them saying we are out of eggs when they are right next door to a grocery store..
5	Great bagels with amazing flavored cream cheeses. I love the honey almond cream cheese on French Toast bagel. Husband swears by the lox spread. Good prices & friendly service!
1	Thought the bagels were not good. Family liked them but I tried the place a few times and thought they were tasteless. Would never go back. Yes, it appears I'm in the minority
5	Awesome bagels and cream cheese! Wonderful customer service and always nice and clean.
5	I'm a faithful customer to poppy seed bagel store.  Its as close to a New York bagel as you will get here. Js open one closet to my house. DENISE R.
5	Visiting from Texas, I wish this was in Texas. Excellent prices and breakfast.
4	good bagels, on par with Breuggers.  sandwiches are good too. Nice attentive staff. Friendly.
5	Best bagels I've ever eaten!  Wonderful variety of cream cheeses and friendly folks behind the counter---what more could you ask?
4	Never had a bad bit nor bad service. You have to be on your toes though and stay focused because they move fast so they can keep that line moving. If not, due to its popularity you would wait for days. NY style bagels are spot on along with their delicious creamcheeses keep the line from never ending. Their donuts are the thing dreams are made of.
