5	I have been here once to get an oil change ( $19.95 ) and came back to get a coolant flush and another oil change. The coolant flush was normally $79.99, but I had a coupon for $20 off of services over $100. Even without the coupon this is a good price for this area. I drove around to get prices from about 5 other places and this was the cheapest and the fastest.The employees were all very nice and helpful and they didn't give any bullshit ( which happens a lot when you are a woman ). I will be returning here and would highly recommend them for you too.This place is on the corner of Litchfield & Yuma, the map on here is not accurate, at least not when I wrote this review : )
3	Go to this locations as opposed to other locations. They are fast and efficient here. You will still wait longer than any other place in Arizona but they are thorough and know what they're talking about. Much better than the Surprise location.
1	I have had my car serviced several times by them. At first they were great but it was only putting on a new set of tires. Then I chose them to do an oil change, which the first time was fine but 3 hour wait. The next oil change they did what they call their check of fluids, tire pressure, oil change, battery check, and tire rotation. Two complaints here, one when I left tire pressure light was on so I pulled over at gas station and yes all 4 tires were 20 psi UNDER so I added air and then noticed the oil change sticker, said next oil change was due at 68,000 miles which is just poor math on technician part since car was currently at 72,000 miles. The sticker should have said 78,000 miles. I went back again and this is where the mistakes become larger.I took car in for oil change again and they did all their checks, tire rotations and such again...I told them please make sure to check fluid as light is on. I was told that they check for leaks and all fluids with every oil change. When I left the fluid low light was still on, I thought I just needed to drive for a bit to let cars computer catch up. Well every time I started car for the next 3 days the low fluid light still came on. I opened up the overflow tank for anti-freeze and WOW to my surprise it was not just low it was EMPTY. I called them and was told I needed to add water and drive right over as I probably have a leak. Hmm odd since they told me just days prior that I had no leaks and everything was great on my car. I drove it down and they did another leak check came back and told me NO LEAKS it's just low. REALLY???? They added anti-freeze for a nice $56 bill and they had no explanation of why I had no fluid in my car when they just told me 3 days prior that they checked all fluids and everything was fine.If they had simply said oops must have forgotten to add fluid we are sorry I would have been fine with that. But to charge me $56 because of their negligence. Risking my car over heating is not okay, refusing to admit fault, over charging me for a service they call "complimentary"
