4	Although this Starbucks kiosk on the ground level of City Hall doesn't have the extensive food menu that other free standing Starbucks stores might have, I still enjoy going to see Paula and her team three to five times a week.  It is a quick walk from where I work and they are always friendly and ready with suggestions when I feel like changing up my usual Tall Non-fat Misto.
3	OK, so I broke my coffee pot and remembered the Via packets.  I do like to order a Cafe Americano, but need to keep the budget down. So, had the trial pack of Via House Blend instant coffee.  Great if you are mixing for iced coffee, it is a "turkish" grind so it will dissolve adequately in cold liquid. Hot,Trader Joe's instant is waaaayyy better---not so bitter and acidic as the Via.  Who else would review instant coffee but me????I should add  that the 3 start are a combo of the 5 star employee's help at the Biltmore location minus the 2-if that star (for cold iced coffee).
5	This Starbucks is located in the lobby of the Phoenix City Hall building.  Paula, Jen, Betty and the other gals do a great job of greeting customers by name and making everyone feel welcome.  On top of that, they make excellent coffee!  Paula always has a smile on her beautiful face and really lights up the place!  Jen is a barista's barrista making precision, great tasting, properly brewed coffee sensations.  Be sure to ask Paula for the maple oat nut scone she keeps behind the display case for her regulars!  I love this place!!!!!!!!!  Best Starbucks in AZ!!!!!!!
4	This is my favorite Starbucks of all in the downtown area!I usually go in the mornings and Lucy is always so welcoming and happy which makes your visit a pleasant one.One of the things I enjoy is the fact that I can get a trenta green tea in the morning for $3 and then go in the afternoon for a refill for only .80 cents!!!! Yeah it's like the best deal while trying to keep cool in PHX!The line can be long at times but these ladies make it worth your time!!!Starbucks product without the commercialized feel to it...win!
5	I discovered this Starbucks when the other Starbucks over in CityScape was closed one morning due to an electrical fire. Desperate for my fix, I Yelped the downtown area and noticed another was apparently nearby. Long story short, I've made daily trips in here now and haven't looked back. This Starbucks is FAST compared to the other one, and they quickly learned what I like. My fave SBUX downtown!!
