4	I havent actually been in the store - but the staff is so sweet!  I called New York to find out if they had a pair of jeans I wanted in and was treated like a second-class citizen by the rude and abrupt staff (who told me Vegas couldnt help either).  Trusting my gut,  I called and was treated wonderfully by my sales person Chris.  He added me to his book, put me down for a reserve on the jeans, and promised to email me pictures - I work in high-end retail,  and this is the way you should be treated.  I won't even consider shopping at the New York store when I am actually in NYC,  Id rather call Chris.
4	Love to shop here - husband wishes I didn't. Friendly staff and clean, bright store.
5	Very helpful staff at Dior homme, they know the styles for each season very well so they can immediately find what you are looking for. I've been there twice but since I live in the Bay Area, most of my orders have been through the phone. Brian is the salesperson I order through and having spoken with several other people (even with those in the LA and NY boutique), he seems to be the most knowledgeable and added me to the store mailing list to receive direct product pictures. It may not be a big deal but Dior homme items are very limited and sell out fast... if you're not in the know, you'll miss out on the coolest stuff... right now I'm on the waitlist for the D-point belt as client #6... if you're not on it, you won't have a chance at all... I know I know it's just a silly belt but it's more of a collector's item for me.
3	I went in a few times to check out the store, I was very interested in an agenda however it was the last one. I don't like buying things off display most of the time, but the sales lady who took my information said she would call me to find one for me and never did. The accessories are usually silver toned, which is sad, I don't like anything that turns. Small space, service is ok.
4	Walked in here to buy a new pair of raw jeans. Salesperson was very helpful in sizing since I had never purchased Dior denim before. She explained the difference between the 19 cm and the 21cm cut perfectly and I ended up with a pair of each to enjoy in the suddenly cool weather also known as Vegas windy nights. The store was laid out with accessories in the entrance, women on the left and men on the right. Very small space for the most part but there really aren't a lot of Dior Homme stores period so this definitely gets a plus from me for the Wynn.
5	So yeah! Dior Homme. I am a Dior Homme Addict. Over the past, I have shopped at all the store in US. I would like to say Vegas store provide the best customer service I ever had. I would like to recommend everyone to talk to Brian Marks who have been helping me with all my needs without complaint and atitude (I have gotten from store in Beverly Hill. ) he is the best salesman that dior can offer, at least for the Dior Homme department in US.
5	There are 3 dior homme stores in the US - Beverly Hills, Vegas, and NYC. This store is better than the Beverly Hills store because they have more selection when sales come around while all the good stuff is snatched up at the Beverly Hills location. The store is bigger than LA and its a bit more laid back.
5	I made an impromptu trip to the Dior Homme in Las Vegas. I walked in to look and I walked out with a pair of jeans. I have to say that it was only because of the great sales people there. Matthew Hone, was the person that was helping me and he was a great sales rep.The store itself is similar to the Dior Homme in Los Angeles. Very small, but it still carries a lot of the lines, and if it didn't then you could get any piece shipped to the store.All in all a great buying experience.
