5	It was luck that brought us to Ann and I have to say it was certainly "good" luck.  Ann has been able to make a stressful experience: selling a house in PA , buying one in Scottsdale on the same day, moving children mid year from school and having to drive during Christmas a very joyful experience in the end.  She has shown such warmth and professionalism.  We were strangers to her to start with but she made us feel like friends.  She  deeply cared and made sure all went smoothly.  After all she was also our secret Santa for our children!! I am very thankful we had her and her team to make our new life special. Thank you very much for going above and beyond the call of duty and working hard for us.  S&L
5	Ann Adams Realty made my house purchase so simple. The whole team is so efficient and knowledgable. They did everything I needed to make my home purchase go smoothly..if I had a question, they responded immediately.  They were never too busy to help!  Thank you, Ann!
5	Ann is great. She is extremely knowledgeable and is 100% focused on customer service. She takes the time to walk you through the process and ensures that you are kept in the loop 100%. She goes above and beyond to ensure that her clients are satisfied, and that's hard to find these days. I would recommend Ann Adams to anyone who is looking to buy, sell or rent a home.
5	I have worked with Ann Adams for years!  She is very knowledgeable about the real estate market - goes above & beyond to make sure your deal will happen & not let the small items fall through the cracks.  Very thorough and has a great team backing her up!!!
5	Ann and her team have always been great to work with.  We originally met her when we purchased a home and she was representing the seller.  We did not have an agent and she represented both sides fairly.  When we had to sell that same home 4 years later, we immediately sought her out.  She worked tirelessly for 8 months to sell our "niche" home in South Tempe.  She had professional photos taken, advised us on staging and made sure it was very visible on the internet (ie. lots of traffic online).  We had tons of traffic, five offers and ended up getting a cash offer on the high end for the current market.  When our house was vacant, her and her husband, Mike, would make minor repairs and keep me apprised of the house and how it was showing.  She communicated well or had someone on her team keep us updated daily over the months so we knew our house was always on the forefront of her mind.  That's a reassuring thought.  I highly recommend her.
