5	Very unassuming from the outside, Bella Luna is actually located at the end of a Safeway shopping center.   However, everything else about this place is great.  I've eaten here 4 or 5 times, trying something new everytime and have not eaten one thing that hasn't been great.  The wine list is rather large for a smallish restaurant.The service at Bella Luna is also top-notch.  The wait staff is attentive and flexible to requests, and the owners (a husband and wife) will often swing by during the meal to see how everything is.   Prices are also reasonable with most entrees running in the $10-$18 range.The only drawback is the size.  It's not a huge place, so call ahead or come early.  I suggest:  Veal Saltimbocca-  All of their meat is very good.Tournados-  Will usually only appear as a special, though the chef can usually make it for you if requested.Lasagne al forno-  Just like home. Tiramisu-  Fantastic.  Not too coffee-ey.
5	Mama Mia!  This diamond in the rough (aka strip-mall) is a true gem!Sayonara Olive Garden!  Make room for Bella Luna.  This Italian enchantment is near my neighborhood and is more than meets the eye.  I was a bit skeptical at first because of it's location, but it has now become my favorite Italian restaurant.  If I lived in Mesa (which I consider half way to NM from where I live), I would make the drive regularly just for the Fettuccine alla Pancetta.  The creamy but not too rich alfredo is fantastic, and mixed with the smoky pancetta and crunchy peas it becomes a pasta lover's oasis.  The lasagne is to die for and another favorite of mine is the Gamberetti pasta - a spicy arribiata sauce with crab and shrimp.  I have tried a few other things that friends and family have ordered, but I have a hard time branching out from the greatness that is Fettuccine alla Pancetta.  Each meal comes with bread with a delectable garlic butter and also a small salad which is fantastic as well.  The wine list is extensive and I personally like the house Chianti.  I have yet to try any desserts as I am much to full to even window shop the menu.I have only had a few minor negative experiences which all relate to one waitress (the one with the blue eyeshadow), but I have also had experiences with her that were satisfactory.  She's a capable waitress, just don't catch her on a bad day where her service may be a little unfriendly or cold.  She always gets the orders right and is attentive.Since becoming a recent Arizonan, I try to bring any out of town guest here for a great Italian meal that you can't get anywhere else.  This mom and pop shop tops my list of restaurant raves.
3	I have always been here during what would be considered off hours. So I assume this is the reason I rarely get attentive service. But I expect it so it does not bother me. The food is usually pretty good and not far from home so an easy choice. But a lot is opening up around us these days, being more attentive might come in to play soon.
5	Stopped here after visiting the Wildlife World Zoo and Aquarium. A friend and I were driving down Litchfield Road looking for some place to eat and I saw it out of the corner of my eye. My friend was like, "Hey, why not...." and into the parking lot she turned. Like other people have said it's not the most spectacular looking place from the street...plopped at the end of a shopping center. I wasn't expecting much....but it kind of turned out like a Susan Boyle.....that whole judging a book by it's cover thing. Service was prompt and attentive. It's a small place and it didn't seem too busy. We sat on the patio and I have to say that parking lot is the QUIETEST parking lot of any shopping center I've ever been in. Very relaxing. Like I said, I wasn't expecting much and wasn't sure what to order. I was torn between a few things and ended up ordering the fettuccine alfredo. As soon as I ordered it I was like, "Ugh...why did I order that?" It's just sometimes a restaurant will make a fettuccine alfredo that just leaves a strange aftertaste in my mouth. Don't know if it's the cheese they use or what. So, like I said, I was dreading it. That whole Susan Boyle thing I alluded to earlier. Started with some bread and a small salad with a creamy Italian dressing. Pretty good. Then out came my fettuccine alfredo. It looked good....and it smelled good. And I have to admit it was the BEST fettuccine alfredo I've ever had. Creamy, rich, and oh so good. I was SO happy I ordered it. We ended with a creme carmel for dessert which was just right to top off our dinner. After dinner went inside to use the restroom and the restaurant was even smaller inside than I thought. Chatted a bit with one of the employees about the restaurant and the owners. Very friendly and warm atmosphere. I don't get out that way much but if I'm around there again I will definitely stop in again. Thanks, Bella Luna, for surprising me with a great dinner. Moral of the review: Don't judge a book by it's cover....a singer by the way she looks....or a restaurant by it's location. Really. Don't.
4	My husband and I discovered this place by accident, and what a happy accident it was! The food at Bella Luna is consistently great. The single time we ever had the slightest problem with service, the manager personally took over and waited our table for the rest of the night. The owners can often be seen sitting at a table near the door, nibbling, talking, having a glass of wine and making sure everything is running smoothly. I love the fact that it is a locally-owned family business. Who wants to give their money to a corporation for mediocre food when you can give it to someone's Nana and Pop for a delicious, tastes-like-homemade meal of much higher quality?In the mood for soup instead of salad with your meal? Ask if they have any of their homemade lentil in the pot. Absolutely delicious.While I enjoy the warm, cosy atmosphere, some of the tables are a little too close together for my comfort. If you want to avoid the buzzkill of listening to your table neighbor's complaints over being 300% upside down on his Avondale home, you may want to visit on a weeknight when it's less crowded, rather than a busy Friday or Saturday.
2	Not great.  Our food took forever and the service was less than stellar, for the price.  This place is way too expensive.  I would much rather drop my money at Wigwam or some other upscale place and be able to enjoy a more romantic ambiance.
5	Great family-run Italian restaurant...a diamond in the rough. Hard to find good NON-CHAIN restaurants in the West Valley. This is a rare find. Definitely check it out. Looks like any other strip mall restaurant on the outside, but the ambiance is very nice on the inside, which is also refreshing to find in the West Valley! Have eaten here at least twice now and it's always been great.
4	A 'drive-by' decision and a good one!!  From the outside I wasn't expecting much because it is located in a strip mall. I was wrong. Its not too big of a place but has inside/outside patio choices for seating. My sister had the Fettuccine Alfredo alla Pancetta. She cleaned her plate! (mind you this is NOT an everyday occurence.)  I had the Gamberetti alla Fra Diovalo (Shrimp and crab meat sauteed in a Fra Diovalo sauce served over linguini pasta) AMAZING dish. I've had diovalo elsewhere and they never seem to get the spicy balance just right. This dish did an amazing job. My shrimp was a little over-cooked but all-in-all I was VERY satisfied. Oddly, we did something we rarely do, ordered dessert!! YUMMY.  DEFINITE MUST TRY(s):  Pistachio Tartufo - Elegant pistachio ice cream covered with pistachios and chocolate sprinkles and the Lemon and Strawberry Sorbetto !!  I want to go back for  more and try different dishes.
4	One of the best places in the west valley for italian. Friendly service, and familiar faces. Food is pretty decent too. Their specials seem to be specials for the long haul or its by chance I just go on the same days the specials are the same as the last time I visited. Be careful of the specials and make sure to ask on price, because sometimes they can run on the north side of 40$+ if your on a budget... Its very nice to have a restaurant thats non-chain and family run. Have been visiting this location for over 5 years now.
4	We were guests at the Wigwam Resort down the road and wanted something Italian.  This was a rare treat and a great find!  Everyone in our party of six loved their orders.  The Osso Bucco was outstanding and everything was piping hot. The staff was friendly and made us feel like regulars instead of out of town guests. Highly recommend.
5	So our second visit to Bella Luna was as good or better than the first. My wife's Lasagna was heavenly. So much better than my own attempt to make it at home. Likewise, my veal piccata was so tender I could cut it with a fork. My kids got the pizza bread and the chicken parmigiana. When they cleaned their plates they finished my pasta and then Napolitan ice cream. Verdict: 4 exquisite meals, excellent wait staff, and we got out of their for $50. This place really is a gem!
5	We took our daughters here to celebrate a birthday last week and it was A-W-E-S-O-M-E....      Great FoodGreat ServiceGreat ExperienceIf you would like to have a great meal at someplace besides a chain restaurant this is this worth a visit!
2	My husband and I came here for Valentine's Day this year. We were pretty disappointed in the quality of the food. They had a special valentine's menu (so I can't speak for the regular menu). I ordered veal parmasan, and there was more breading and cheese than veal. It didn't seem like the chefs knew how to make Italian food. Even the bread was bland. The food was over priced for the quality.The wait staff was very pleasant and the ambience was average. I may give them a second shot if I'm craving Italian, but, I'm not rushing there.
5	Was in the area, looking for good, casual Italian. This place was perfect...great service (the recommendations for wine & dishes were spot on!), comfortable & reasoably priced.  Highly recommend it.
5	I was stunned by the quality of the veal chop with apple glaze.  Tender, flavorful, cooked perfectly and beautifully presented with wild rice and arranged asparagus.  House wines by the glass were a good accompaniment.  The Tiramisu was one of the best I've had.  Service was attentive, and sitting outside on the patio on a warm fall evening made for nice ambiance.  Two of us with wine and one dessert was $75, so a good value as well.  My best meal on this trip--wish we had a Italian restaurant like this close to home.
1	Verdict: Not worth your time or money...In town for spring training, my husband and in-laws decided to try this restaurant due to the glowing Yelp reviews. Unfortunately, from the minute we walked in, the experience was disappointing. We arrived for dinner around 8:30pm, a late dinner I admit, and no one was at the hostess station. There are many diners, and the waitstaff is whizzing around, but no one is paying attention to the door. We stand around for around 5 minutes, until finally someone notices us. We are seated, order, and don't receive our food until close to 9:30pm. We ask the waitress what's going on, she says they have a party of 12 on the other side of the restaurant that's causing the slow down. The table behind us is also upset by the long wait, and ask for some free wine. (Ballsy, but I guess they have a point, though I don't believe the restaurant ever offered them anything.) When we do get our food, my mother in-law's chicken is RAW. Seriously. I was shocked, and even tasted a piece to be sure. (Yuck! Raw chicken!) We sent it back to the kitchen, however my mother in-law was turned off to chicken all together after that. She ended up asking for just a simple pasta and sauce. As we ate our food, no waitstaff to be seen. No water glasses refilled, no one coming over to see how we're doing. Our side of the restaurant has been abandoned to the 12 person party on the other side. (Did I mention this place is incredibly noisy too? The acoustics are horrible!!) It's a struggle for us to get our bill, since no one is around. My husband mentions to another staff member (someone higher up than our waitress? Unsure...) how disappointed we are in the quality of food and the service, but that person just doesn't seem to care. You'd think maybe the restaurant would comp the simple pasta my mother in-law ended up getting, to make up for the fact that they tried to serve us undercooked food, but they did not. We were still charged, and that place isn't cheap!My food was pretty good - crab and shrimp with red sauce on pasta, and I believe my husband and father in-law's food was also good. However, our whole experience was tainted by the poor service. I am very aware we probably caught this restaurant on a bad night,  but we won't be going back or recommending it to anyone. This place is not cheap, and it's not worth going here!
4	I think they have been listening to the other reviews because I did not experience some of the flaws this weekend when I took my wife there.We were seated right away, the service was amazing, the bread was fresh and tasty, along with the food. There is plenty to be said about this place and I would suggest not coming in wearing shorts and a muay thai tee like me. The prices were fair for what you get as well as the ambiance. I ordered the lasagna, and my wife Fettucine Alfredo with Pancetta and Peas saying she really enjoyed it and it was authentic tasting. I enjoyed my dinner and would come back during their happy hour with reduced prices for sure. I'd give the service 5 stars, the food 3, and the atmosphere 4. I think the owner was there singing happy birthday songs in Italian which almost bumped it to 5 stars for the cool experience. Just have to judge this place on your own I'd say, but overall it was good. :)ps. That F*ing cheesecake is to die for
2	Went here for lunch, big mistake.  The nice is decked out nice for a strip-mall but the food just was not happening.  2 stars because the service was excellent.  I got the Fettucine Alfredo with chicken.  The sauce was watery.  Alfredo watery?  Really?  The chicken was a good flavor, but the running sauce just takes away from the chicken.  And the parmesan cheese is on the table not freshly grated.  No thanks!
4	I've been here two times. The first time was really good, but the second was very boring flavored. I had some lemon chicken that was mediocre.  For the price,  the last time turned me off, but will probably go back again.
2	Unhappy.  Went here expecting good Italian food.  The food was standard.  We arrived at 5:30 and noticed that they had an "early bird special" that ended at 6.  At 5:45 I asked the waiter if we could order and he said "I'll be back in a minute".  Back at 5:59, we are informed we are too late for the special.  BAD customer service.  So me and my husband decide to split a dish.  We are informed that will be a $5 fee.  The dish we ordered was so spicy I couldn't eat it and ate off the kids' plates.  We were the youngest people there by a good 20 years and I felt like they made it a point that families weren't welcome.
2	We arrived after 2 pm., wanted a leisurely lunch.  There was 1 server and she was also hosting.  When we asked what the special were for lunch she said she did not know but would check with the chef.  Server did not provide us with a wine or beer list (we did not ask for one) my husband asked about the beers, she said she really didn't know about beers but they had some Italian beers.  I had veal marsala, very tender, I am not a big eater but would have liked a more veal on my plate.  Everyone else were satisfied with their entrees.
5	I have been here several times when I was visiting my inlaws in Arizona. I was pleasantly surprised. The last thing that expected was decent italian food in the middle of the desert. They proved me wrong. The food is comparable to any high end italian place here in NJ. The service is also very good too. I am looking forward to visiting here the next time that I am in Arizona.
5	Very very good! Spaghetti and Lasagna for lunch... The lasagna with meat sauce was both bold and flavorful, the portion was well worth the price.  Spaghetti with meatball was equally delicious.  They were out of  Italian sausage or enough for a dish, so I had the meatball instead with a pleasant surprise, the little bit of sausage they did have thrown in for good measure.  The sausage wasn't grainy or fatty and wow the flavor.  We'll be back for sure and did I mention they're doing a Thanksgiving dinner, should be good!!!
2	Today's review is a challenge as it's more about the service than the food itself.  If you want the Readers Digest version of the report, skip to the bottom paragraph.  Mom and I went there for dinner.  It was a Saturday night and the outside patio was packed, but it turns out that was a private party, the inside was much more free.  The Hostess greeted us with a welcome and asked if we had a reservation.  I asked "Do we need one?"  She replied we did not a lead us to a table in the corner near the front window.  We were only a party of two but she sat us at a 4-top, with plenty of twos available.  I guess they were not planning on being busy that night...?Here's where the poor part of the evening began, with our waitress.  She came to the table without introduction and asked if we wanted drinks.  We did not so she quickly departed allowing us time to peruse the menu.  When she returned, her first words were, "Have you decided?"  Biting my tongue for fear of the endless comebacks I could have used, I asked about specials.  She jumped into recall-mode and tried to think about what was being offered, all without pricing or recommendations. One of the items was interesting but not enough to make me change my mind on what I was intending on having.  I chose the Lasagna which comes with a soup or salad.  I chose the salad.  There must only be one choice as she did not ask me about my preferences so I have to assume its the only option.  Mom chose the Italian Wedding Soup which on the menu was listed as a single item but the waitress then asked "Large or Small?"  Wouldn't "Cup" or "Bowl" be more appropriate?The other thing that chapped my ass about this waitress was the fact that we were there well before 6pm and there are Early Bird Dinner specials offered from 3-6 which she never suggested and looked to be a great value...about 6 separate items all for $9.95 each all of them something would like, too!A basket of bread was brought out along with some Whipped Garlic & Herb Butter.  The bread was exceptionally dried out and squished as though it was cut when it was too hot and then left to air-dry into something reminiscent of old Scones.  Thank god for the butter, its what made he bread tolerable.  My salad arrived along with moms Wedding Soup.  Here is where he marks on this place are salvaged.  The Salad was perfectly proportioned, not too much or little.  The Soup was delicious as well.  OK, I am feeling a little redemption coming on here.  Getting my plate taken away was slow but a bus person finally came by and removed it.  We also requested at that time a refill of water and some fresh bread.  When it arrived this time, the bread was far better than the left overs served to us 20 minutes earlier.  (Maybe they heard us griping about it and this was their attempt at redeeming themselves) My Lasagna finally arrived and this was impressive when first set down on the table.  Large portion, well presented and very tasty.  Lasagna is an interesting food item as its different everywhere you go.  Not always great but usually OK.....This was wonderful!  It was actually such a large portion I took about 1/2 of it home with me.  This, I would order again!One thing we notices was the owner and his wife (mother?) walking around and stopping at a few tables.  Based on the conversations we could hear, they were all regulars.  What about us newbie's??  Do we not rate a quick stop to see how things are going??  This is YOUR restaurant and you want to keep the customers coming back, that should include the new guys too, right?  Never happened.  I felt like the red-headed step-child of the restaurant.   Once finished, we again had a new delay in getting the plates cleared as well as the waitress to come back by.  She finally did and asked if were interested in dessert but there was no room for me so we asked for the check.  Another delay.  It was delivered, hand written like in an old-school diner.  We left a credit card and again, another delay in getting it picked up.  Finally she dropped it by the table and said her thank you's....obviously a dinner bill of under $20 was not going to net her a huge tip so there was no need for small talk from her.  As we departed the owner and his wife said thank you and good night.  I stopped to ask him what the waitress's name was  who served us.  He mentioned it and asked "Why, was everything all right?"  I replied that I was curious as to her name since she never introduced herself and I was just curious as to whom had served us.  Funny, I still cannot remember it since it was only said one time in the whole evening.  Not that it matters now. The wrap up...Lousy service, never felt like I was a welcome part of the restaurant BUT great food.  I liked what I had and would certainly try it again....but probably would want to order ahead and get it to go.  The ambiance and setting of home is far nicer than being treated like a outsider at this place.
5	I've been going to Bella Luna for 7 years and the place just keeps getting better!. The food has always been consistantly good and the service is top notch. I love having a mom and pop restaurant  that can out do the chains and overpriced Scottsdale joints right here in Goodyear. No matter what state, city or even country I travel to, I'm always disappointed when I try another Italian ristorante. Bella Luna has set the bar too high!
2	My daughter and I were visiing the West Valley for family business and sorely needed a nice night out and some good food. Based on the Yelp reviews and our geographic location we decided to try Bella Luna. Things started out okay which earned them one of the two stars in this review. We were promptly greeted (although it was quite early - maybe 5 or 5:30?) and seated at a window table allowing us a view of the strip mall parking lot (ugh). The ambiance is a bit ghastly, colors leftover from some 80's idea of country Italian - lots of purple and green. Okay so maybe I'm being generous for giving them one star but we didn't turn around and leave at this point. Our waiter was pleasant enough, a gentleman who may or may not be the real thing Italian, however we were immediately overwhelmed by his aftershave!!!!Aaaaaaaack - eau de Old Spice.Seriously, I've never had someone serving in a restaurant smell so strong of perfume - ever! We ordered a much needed bottle of wine and were also brought the bread basket. I agree with another Yelper that it was dry and squished and there were only three pieces in the entire basket - it was never refilled, probably a good thing. We ordered the Antipasto Misto and big surprise....it was all from a can....about ten leaves from a canned artichoke, canned eggplant goo, canned red bell pepper strips, a couple of pieces of cheese and some dry meat product. Things were not looking real good.......but salads were okay, good size and well dressed, but nothing special. Entrees were goopy, crowded on the plate, and not identifiable - I think I ordered a sauted white fish with lemon sauce, can't remember what my daughter had. We waited and waited for our waiter and ordered desert (I don't k now, maybe I'm a masochist?). Got tiramisu and it was dry, off-tasting, possibly frozen and rethawed.  Waited a really long time for our check and by this time all I could really taste was the overpowering aftershave from our waiter. I cannot say anything good about this place but we ate the food (giving a second star as it was food and we didn't get ill) and am so sorry that there are not better eateries in the West Valley. We tried.
4	My favorite restaurant West of Phoenix.  I've eaten here around 9 or 10 times and have never been disappointed.  When it's cool, the patio is very nice.  Inside, the dining room is quite small.  Even so, we had a company Christmas party here for 12 and didn't feel squished in.The food is fantastic with my favorite being their Veal Chop or any of the piccata dishes.Drinks are poured deep as well as glasses of wine.I strongly recommend.
3	I try to patronize local mom-and-pop stores, so chose this instead of the nearb y Macaroni grill. the bread was great, the pasta was basic italian; not very spicy which is ok - ive had authentic italian in italy, but i frankly prefer the more "americanized" versions for the fuller flavor. the service was average, the CD kept skipping and they took forever to fix it which was annoying, and the waitress never asked if i wanted dessert.
4	This is probably the fanciest restaurant I've been to in Goodyear. That doesn't mean much as Goodyear is a pretty casual place, but if you want to dress up and go out locally, this is one of your only options. The food was pretty good, but not the best Italian I've had.The interior is pretty small in this place and it can get loud if more than one or two groups are dining.
4	Good home style Italian!  Nothing too fancy, but solid pasta dishes.
1	Pasta sauce had no flavor on either of our dishes. My Chardonnay tasted watered down and I didn't finish it.  My husband's dish really wasn't any better.  I would definitely not recommend this place to anyone who actually likes good Italian.
5	An independent restaurant in the far west valley - a rarity. And this one is quite good. It's in the Safeway plaza, but they've done the best you could with a strip mall. There's even a cute patio.The bread is unremarkable, yet adequate. The salad dressing is good but sometimes they put too much on, so I just order it on the side. The shrimp Marsala is great, the shrimp fra diovala is spicy goodness and the lasagna is a good choice too. My mother in always gets the frutti del mar and is never disappointed. The calamari was served crispy, hot, and tender. Overall the best Italian in Goodyear.
5	9/24/2012 Reservation for 6:30 PM. No problem. Wine by the half liter. Salad is very fresh with a light creamy Italian dressing. Poached salmon with risotto was very good although risotto contained a little too much liquid. Chicken picatta was excellent with tangy lemon caper sauce. (Just right consistency) Chicken portion was ample.Plenty of capers. Tiramisu was great, creamy and good chocolate flavor. Will go again and recommend to any one with taste for Italian food. Priced are reasonable . Service is responsive and timely with no attitudes.
4	Jesse and I had a lovely evening out- we had great dishes and the owner was our server as well. He belts out a lovely Italian birthday song while playing the guitar. Very nice
4	My husband took me here for my birthday last night.  The antipaste meditterraneian was big enough for two and my veal piccata was perfect.  The only comment i have is that my Cosmo didn't taste like it had any vodka in it and has a sugar-rimmed glass - not my favorite..
4	This was a great place to eat. There was no waiting-we got right in and our waiter gave us great service, but didn't hover. The food was great. They didn't have the bottle of wine we ordered so they gave us a more expensive one for the cheaper price. Great atmosphere-will definitely be back!!
4	Great food great service!  We will definitely be taking family here when they come visit.  The place is kind of small though but it's a nice intimate setting.I got the baby clams in linguini - lots and lots of garlic which I like but they did have some pretty big chunks in there which I didn't care for too much but my dish definitely tasted yummy.  The hubby had their special of the day which was a pork chop with sweet potato and asparagus.  I had a bite and was jealous of his yummy meal!
1	The least satisfying place in Goodyear. Not only did we experience slow service(2hr wait) but the owner (and manager) clearly expressed  no concern that four people in our party specifically ordered gluten free pasta and meals received regular pasta and breaded meats. When we pointed out the time delay and food allergies they replied " so what is the problem?"A lack of concern for their service is obvious.
4	Dinner with four Hall of Famers sitting around me...Nolan Ryan, George Brett, Joe Morgan and Ken Griffey Sr., not bad, but the food was really good.  A nice surprise on the West Side!
5	My girlfriend, her sister and I decided to visit Bella Luna for a nice dinner. Our first impression was it was a small, nicely decorated restaurant. From the get-go, we were kindly greeted by the owner, seated promptly, and cared for right away. Our server, Nicole, was such a great host! She took care of us quickly but still gave us enough space to feel like were not being rushed. We had the Bruschetta as an appetizer, which was delightful and so fresh. Our main courses were fantastic. I had the Angel hair pasta with shrimp, my girlfriend enjoyed her egg plant parmesan and to be honest I can't remember what her sister ordered but it was delicious as well. We ended the night with NY style cheesecake and it certainly hit the spot. My impressions of any restaurant are greatly influenced by customer service. Good food is obviously a must I care so much more about being treated well and being taken care of. Bella Luna did both for us. We normally don't visit the same restaurant twice since we enjoy trying new places. But we will be back!
2	I've been here twice now and I'm not very impressed.  The service is slow and even when there is clearly no one else in the restaurant.  The food wasn't much better, it was ok, but a bit expensive for what you get.
2	My husband made reservations here for mother's day brunch.  We have been wanting to try Bella Luna for several months and were looking forward to a delicious meal after church today.  We really wanted to love this restaurant - it is close, quaint, and not a chain restaurant.  Unfortunately, the meal and the service were both not at all what we expected.  The  brunch menu was extremely limited.   My crepes came out cold - literally, cool to the touch as if they had been sitting out for a long time after they were cooked.  My husband loved his chicken and mushroom crepe, and his meal was nice and warm covered in a sauce that he raved about.  Our son ordered a lentil soup and a pasta dish - when they brought our meals, they had nothing prepared for our son.  We, of course, waited until his meal was prepared before we ate, which took another 10 - 15 minutes.  For mother's day, they offered all of the mom's a single strawberry that had been dipped in chocolate.  Unfortunately, they placed this single strawberry on a hot plate, so the chocolate was melting off of the chilled strawberry.As much as we wanted to adore this little restaurant, it just was not anything special at all today.
4	Took my girlfriend out to our first date in Phoenix since we have moved here and it was amazing. Our waitress was very friendly and our food was well cooked and came out fresh and made to order. I got the veil and it was super tender and it could be cut with a fork. My girlfriends chicken vodka pasta was a huge portion and very tasty. The house wine was very good and very reasonably priced. The owner was right there greeting us and was very friendly. Will be back in the future.
1	VERY disappointed in this place. The hostess and staff made it very obvious that only "regulars" were welcome. After putting our name in we waited 45 minutes to be seated, all the while watching all the regulars who came in after us be seated immediately. After we were seated and ordered we waited about 30 minutes for our food. My friends finally receive their food, and my boyfriend and I were informed that our food was mysteriously given away to another table and we would need to wait another 30 minutes while they made us new food. We nicely declined and left. You couldn't pay me enough money to ever return to this place.
4	Good service, good ambiance. Very well decorated place. Food ordered the mussels and clams and they were awesome. Calamari was cooked perfect. Ordered shrimp diavola and it was awesome. Marinara was just spicy enough. One of the best Italian places I've been to. If you want good Italian go here!
1	Got the stuffed salmon special last night, it was wrapped in the bottom brown part of the salmon and visually was turned off. The rosato pasta stuff was clumpy and tasted like it was microwaved in a bag. Bruchitta was soggy, not toasted either. The male owner could have cared less and the female owner wearing a bedazzled coat was sitting at a table drinking. Bathroom was gross with a basket of used gold tees for some reason and my wife was stuck in the bathroom cause there was no tp. Never again.....
4	I had the veal piccata. It was very rich and full of flavor. You will leave feeling satisfied as it is not for lite eater. The service was great and the food was satisfying. It's is the closest I've had to authentic Italian in a long time.
5	This little restaurant  is truly a gem!  Our dinner was wonderfully delicious.  The service was great.  We have had lunch there too and it is great value for your money..Highly recommend!
5	By far the best Italian place my husband and i have had years. We had the bruschetta first and that alone was so good not just bread with tomato soo good. My husband had the fettichinni Alfredo(excuse my spelling) but the chicken was the best chicken i've ever tasted. I had the fruitti di mare absolutely the most wonderful seafood linguine I've had in my life and my family is full blood Italian from Brooklyn ny. I will definitely be coming back hopefully sooner than later. We were a little under dressed for how nice the place is so definitely put your nice black dress on and guys wear a button up this place is fantastic love love love it.
2	Went there for the first time yesterday for a quick glass of wine and an appetizer @ 4:30pm.  Thought they may have a happy hour, but they didn't.  So my husband and I ordered 2 glasses of pinot noir and a shrimp cocktail.  The wine tasted old and the shrimp cocktail consisted of 4 large shrimp with tails (cold) and 2 large shrimp no tails (warm).  Hmmmm....I've never been served warm shrimp for shrimp cocktail....makes me wonder if the two shrimp with no tails were perhaps intended for a different menu item.  The bill was $40.  I don't see us returning any time soon.
5	I have had both lunch and dinner here.. Family owned restaurant close to work, prices are good, serving sizes are perfect to fill you up without leftovers, service has always been average or better.. No complaints. Will definitely be back.
5	Feels like home when I stop at Bella Luna!  We've left Arizona but you can guarantee when we get in town a stop will be made at OUR restaurant. We were back in town and super excited to grab a bite. We weren't let down. The food is still top notch, service is 5 star and the owners are so personable and welcoming. I love this place!
2	My date and I both had meals here and it was eh on service and food. I was hoping for it to be better as it's a family owned restaurant but it was not meant to be
1	our party of two had arrived fairly late for dinner (at least in these parts) at 745p.m.  we were told there would be about a 15 minute wait which seemed reasonable.  another party with 8pm reservations arrived shortly thereafter and were also told there would be wait as well.  we sat at the bar to be were ignored by the bartender, a lady whom seemed to be the owner and about 15 minutes later, finally the host who was also working behind the bar asked if we wanted a drink.we finally did get seated about half hr later in their really noisy dining room.  it was a little confusing since it seemed as if every server on that side of the dining room stopped by but no one server seemed to be taking care of us primarily.  there was a larger party who waited so long for their food that we felt badly for them.  our appetizer of stuffed mushrooms were plain and tasteless.  the entrees arrived but they were not worth the wait.  my "spicy" fra diavolo tasted like plain marinara.  friend's veal piccata smelled good but didn't taste spectacular either.  all in all, will not return.  that was two hours that we will never get back...
5	Here for Thanksgiving... The traditional thanksgiving dinner was great! They even gave us seconds! The ham, mashed potatoes, and pumpkin pie stood out. The chicken piccata was also amazing.
5	My husband and I have found our new favorite restaurant!  Everything, from the extensive wine list to the homemade (by owner Josephine Billelo) Tiramasu was outstanding.  We have company coming in the next month and cannot wait to share this amazing Italian restaurant!!!
1	Other than the rude hostess, extremely slow service, and waiter that couldn't seem to keep our checks straight, the food would be the only thing to make me ever want to revisit this resturant. Maybe I'll order and pick up food from there next time. Slightly disappointed for our first time there to say the least! We had reservations for 11 at 6pm on a Friday night. The table was ready when we (the first 2) arrived. But the rest of our party was running a few minutes late. By 630 we were still missing a few of the party members but we were all having drinks when the less than friendly hostess rudely grilled us why everyone wasn't there yet and asked if everyone was coming. The restaurant wasn't  full, there was empty tables so we were confused over the rude interruption. By this time the very slow waiter hadn't even provided us with menus yet and was extremely slow to provide us with anything. We had to ask for bread, and ended up going directly to the bar for friendly help.
5	Fantastic!!!! My husband and I went for lunch! We just moved here and are trying different restaurants! We asked to sit outside! Before we sat he wiped everything down chairs, put fresh linen down etc......They brought out fresh bread and butter and took our drink order! When he came back with drinks he then took our order!  First my husband ordered lasagna and he said it was delicious! He was quiet the whole time he ate so I know he was in heaven!  I got chicken marsala and even though I was full I kept sneaking in another piece!!! TO TOP IT our waiter was fantastic! He was quick pleasant and on task! We would have never have known he was new but I asked a question of the area and he explained he was new to the area to and just started but try to help us the best he could!!! ALL IN ALL my husband and I rarely get these alone moments having four kids! So I am so glad we picked there for lunch!
2	Best thing about this place was the free glass of wine while we waited the better part of an hour WITH a reservation.  Don't take reservations if you can't keep them.  After such a long wait the food was unremarkable.  May try again just in case the kitchen was having a bad night.
5	What a lovely restaurant, food was delicious, service was awesome. We had the specials Lamb Chops with candied sweet potatoes, and asparagus, delicious. Also had the Orange Roughy with a delicious risotto. Love this restaurant, the best italian restaurant in the West Valley. Love it Bravo...
1	Had high hopes.....was terribly disappointed with everything.....bread was store bought, skimpy salad, veal Marsala was nothing special, small pile of wimpy pasta served with blah sauce.... Don't bother!!! Overpriced on top of a unimpressive meal!!
5	Had dinner tonight. What a great place. Service was wonderful. The food AMAZING.  The best veal piccata. My husband had the chicken fettuccini alfredo and he loved it. Very nice and creamy. Very nice wine list. We loved it and cant wait to go back.
3	Decided to try someplace new a couple nights ago. My husband and I who are in our early 30s were the youngest people there by far for the first half our meal then a couple other groups came in. The majority of the diners were still probably over 60. The decor was a little outdated, food was good but nothing we had was worth coming back for. Service was good.
2	The last two times we came here with friends. The service was very slow. We had to track down our server to order drink and food. The bread came out and it seemed as if they bought the bread from the safeway next door it was bland, not fresh. The salad was swimming in dressing and lettuce was partially wilted.  Food finall came out after an hour from ordering,  a steak ordered medium rare was more like medium well, they forgot to season it and it was luke warm. The other three meals were also luke warm and no seasoning. This place used to rock, not sure we will go back for another try.
5	My family tries to meet here every week for lunch or dinner because it is a small family owned place. The food is cooked after you order and it is quite Devine! Everything we have ordered there measures up quite well, especially the tiramisu which is by far the best ever!
4	They were busy at 9am so after a quick glance at the deli menu we queued up at the coffee bar. Just ordered a couple coffee drinks, bacon cheese croissant, lemon poppy seed muffin. Had a bit of a wait for the coffees. Realizing later that they offered some more substantial and traditional breakfast options on the deli side that we overlooked upon arrival. Overall, fairly average quality but reasonable prices. Next time I would order from the deli counter side for fewer carbs and more protein in my breakfast.
1	Went there for lunch . . . The food was average, had to ask for parmesan for the pasta, no salad dressing except Italian and just oil and no butter for the bread. The service was mediocre and the drink prices were just plain outrageous, even by PHX in-season standards. The cost of our 2 drinks was as much as our 2 lunch entrees. The atmosphere was that of a typical shopping mall restaurant. My 1st and last trip to this restaurant. It is overpriced and overrated.
