5	Do yourself a favor the next time you're in Chinatown and check this place out. Ah-Mah-Zing!!!
5	Mannnnn...coming from a true Laos guy...this place is on point...mess with the deep fried fish...it'll take you to a new level...the boss of this place is so cool...shell cater to your needs...love her smile...her enthusiasm is shown through the food she makes...you wont be disappointed
5	Wow! Made a last minute choice to dine here and we were beyond impressed. We tried the Jungle Curry, spring rolls, pad Thai and a garlic dish and for desert Mango Sticky Rice. Everything was fresh and delicious! The menu is very large with tons of options. I'll be back soon!
5	Traditional Thai food, Amazing...Can not find in other place~Come and try...You will feel that you are really in Thailand!@@.!Bring your friends and enjoy it!
1	Very small heart here Portion PriceTasteIngredientsServiceNeeded to be upgraded!
3	Cheap beer (Guinness is $2.50...) and good effort all-around.The large Tom Kha Kai was tasty and served in a pottery hot-pot with a heating element. Pretty cool vessel! Much less utilitarian-looking than the typical stainless bundt-cake pan thing that Thai restaurants serve their large soup in.Wings: surprisingly cheap. A dozen for $7. But smallish, so don't expect jumbo flappers. Tried 2 flavors: 'Thai BBQ' and the 'Gra-pow Basil'. The 'Thai BBQ' flavor was nondescript, but the 'Gra-pow Basil' wings were very tasty if you like Thai Basil (I do.)Jungle Curry with Chicken: big disappointment. How can one *not* order the "Jungle Curry"? Yeah, it sounds awesome but then we all realized that the broth tastes just like the liquid in a can of bamboo shoots. One spoon to the mouth and I was done. I can imagine some idiot local restaurant critic (dressed up in a stupid white penguin suit) saying, "Oh, I LOVE Jungle Curry. Jungle Curry is the BEST" just because "Jungle Curry" sounds like something you're supposed to like. Don't fall for it. Stick with Panang, Green, Red, Massaman, Pineapple...Panang Curry w/Steamed Tofu: probably the best of the dishes we ordered. Unfortunately it was served on a huge platter, making spooning the curry impossible without lifting up the plate. A pet peeve - Thai curry should be served in bowls, not on plates. For the record, the curry was no better than say, Thai-style Noodle House or Weera Thai. It was just good to get back to basics after the Jungle Curry letdown.Duck Curry: pretty good. The duck itself was a little on the dry side. The pineapple curry it was bathed in was savory and sweet as expected. Again, served on a huge platter so it was a challenge keeping the duck on the plate and scooping onto my rice. At $16 this dish is all the money. Probably wouldn't order it again - it wasn't 2X as good as their basic Panang.Brown Rice: poorly-reheated instant rice mania with a mushy consistency. Ate it only because it came out at the same time as our curries. Same brown rice consistency that Pan Asian serves. I concede that beggars can't be choosers when it comes to Brown Rice. Just glad they have it.To be fair, we were with other people so we didn't order the whole fish or the steak. Will try these things next time, hopefully inspiring an update.
4	I've been craving Thai for a few days, which is strange since Vegas is like the Thai food capital of the U.S.  I've surprisingly found my latest ventures to be less than stellar here, having wanted to try something other than the usual Krung Siam/Thai, Lotus of Siam, and Archi's.  One thing I've concluded about Thai in Vegas is that, while still probably the best collection in the states, they are inconsistent.  I've had great meals at Krung Thai, and then came back for a decidedly mediocre meal the next.  Same experiences at Archi's, Kung Fu, and handful of others.  Lotus of Siam is consistently good, but consistently salty.So my experiment continues, as I search for that go-to place.  Thai Style Noodle House was an utter failure, and Pam Real Thai was very mediocre.  I saw Arisra on Yelp with only a handful of reviews, but for the most part good.  It appears the resto really took the time to post a lot of pictures also (I suspect it was the restaurant, not the reviewers), both of which didn't give me a ton of comfort.  But what the heck, I was really in the mood for some crispy Thai fish which I hadn't had in forever, and this was a Thai seafood restaurant, so I took the chance.We walked in at 4:30pm so as we expected it was empty.  The sign actually said they open at 5pm, but they were happy to have us in.  Very pleasant greetings, which continued throughout the meal.  The interior is not-quite modern and not-quite traditional, but not awkward either.  It felt cozy with modern-ish furniture mixed in with some typical Thai decor.  A stage sat at the corner, which I imagine is for a performer or karaoke typical to many Thai restaurants.  I should go there during night time sometime...I ordered a beer (Chang, no Singha) even though the Thai Mai Tai sounded good.  I'm thinking if the level 8 spicy we ordered on the spicy fried rice was burning hot, I can chug the beer.  Not so much the Mai Tai.  We also order the crispy fish of the day (Sea Bass, I think) and BBQ Squid.  Order takes some time - they are not fast - but what we receive looks very good with good presentation.  The squid is typical grilled squid, but comes with a sweet chili sauce on top and what looked and tasted like Thai chili salsa-like thing on the side.  Both sauce were great, although the salsa-thing was salty.  The fried rice was good and the fish was great.  Definitely satisfied the craving, and just what I was hoping for with super crispy skin and sweet chili sauce.  Neither were very salty as well.  3.5 stars for the squid and rice, 4.5 for the fish so it's a qualified 4-stars on food.Combine that with a cozy atmosphere, some live music (not while we were there), and pleasant service and we have a solid 4 stars.  I will definitely be coming here again because they have the most extensive seafood dishes I've seen at a Thai restaurant including about half-dozen fish dishes, and I want to try more of them.  It will also give me a chance to see if they meet my consistency test.Table-for-1 Factor:  It was perfectly fine while I was there, but I wonder if it will be different during busy time?  As it was, there should be no awkwardness eating alone.
5	Outstanding food..beats archi's, pin kow, weera thai, lotus of siam, thai noodle house plus almost all others in vegas. Karoke at 10 pm. Open til 3 am. The best mongolian beef, masaman curry, pad thai dishes. Everything is very fresh. It is now our thai go to place. Nice atmosphere.
5	I was stuck with my mom's homemade taste of Thai cooking forever. But when I first visit at Arisra Thai I felt I am in a different level of Thai cuisine. My mom is a regular customer here, she never spent any money to eat out at any Thai place beside cooking at home. She eats here twice a week. Lobsters, crab, oysters and especially the ribeye steaks! I discovered the gift from Thailand. Very amazing authentic Thai food! Come check it out! !
5	We came here on a whim, and so glad we did!!  It was really good. I ordered the starter of mussels in a steam pot, but they were out.  They said they had live clams instead, so I got those.  They were yummy. Very salty, but in a good seafood kind of way.   Then I got the Plarad Prik fish of the day...which was a type of sea bass...and it was amazing. The waitress said it was spicy and not sweet, but it was actually just like a sweet and sour sauce with a little spice. It was wonderfully crispy with sweet red peppers and white rice on the side. I really enjoyed this dish.I tasted several other peoples dishes, and all of them were good, but I have to give a special shoutout to the frog legs. Those were the best thing I tasted at the table.  Crispy, moist and an amazing sauce to tip it off.  I would definitely get them again, and the Pad See Ew I tasted from another guy. I'll be back and soon I hope. :)
5	food is really good a little slow but well worth the wait
5	If your craving Thai go where the food speaks to you with passion. A pleasant surprise this place was among the americanized Thai places people regularly chose to eat. I felt for something different and walked out of the Valenzuelan place i was attempting to eat at previous to coming here. Yelp pointed me in the direction of Arisra and im glad i came as it will become my regular go to spot for Thai grub. Walking in the place you can tell its family owned with friends and family coming regularly and interacting with the staff and eating tons of food. Karaoke setup im sure for the late night crowd, and a fully stocked bar to feed the liquid courage to keep em singing. Place is clean, and service is friendly and pleasant through my whole meal. The food.. crab rangoon, potak the spicy seafood soup, spicy catfish, and the flaming ice cream for dessert. Everything was made well with quality ingredients and TONS of flavor. The seafood soup was a broth like i have never had, incredibly vibrant and large chunks of seafood....shrimp, squid, fish, scallops, etc. I normally dont eat catfish but i allowed them to have the chef make me their choice and it was a good move as ill continue to order that as i comeback in the future. Ending the meal with the ice cream and caramelized bananas was a perfect ending to this large dinner. Not too sweet and certainly not heavy bur cures the sweet tooth for the night. When you want some Thai soul food Arisra is your spot... you can tell they really care about what they put out on the plate and want you to be happy with your experience there.
5	My date and I had a wonderful meal the waitress sandy was very polite and accommodating the food was outstanding. The crispy whole fish was amazing. the Tom Yum koong and Tom Kha Kai were both chock full of meat.  Broth was excellent. Portions were large and thus a need for a to go box. According to Sandy Tuesdays and Wednesday nights are packed late with karaoke.  atmosphere is casual and there are some areas with couches. Prices are more than reasonable I will be back soon
4	We were the only customers throughout our stay on a Saturday evening which is a shame because our meal proved to be excellent. The first of our shared entrees was a whole sea bass stuffed with (real) crab meat enclosed in seaweed and shredded coconut topped with a nominally spicy mango salsa. Our 2nd entree was spicy (not really) catfish with red chili paste, lime leaf, horizon root and zesty young peppercorns. Both dishes were perfectly executed and delicious. As we prepared to depart, the chef came out of the kitchen to thank us for our patronage.
1	Worst. Place. Ever. Our food took an hour to get here(oh I mean just the appetizers, the entrees never showed up). Fucking joke! Surprised they are still in business.
3	I was expecting to be better on service, and food since currently it's 4 stars rating. We went in at 12pm for lunch and a lady sat us and gave us dinner menu. Then a waitor came and gave us the lunch menu and took our order. He seem to be in a rush. Then a different waitor came and asked if we ordered, after few minutes he came back and verified our order. There were only 2 other tables. Finally our food arrived. I had the shrimp Pad kee Mao, tom Kha and ice tea. It was good but I have had better. The portion is a good size.
1	If you're looking for pork skin with course, sharp hairs sticking out of it in your nam sod salad, then this is the place for you. Also--if you order anything online and request mild, medium, etc...you will only get spicy, and I mean really spicy. When I contacted eat24 to see what to do they told me the restaurant refused to respond. 5 minutes later a gentleman from the restaurant called and wanted to know my address so they could come pick up the salad--not replace it--just come pick it up. With the wealth of other amazing Thai restaurants within a 2 mile radius how can businesses treat customers like this?
5	There are quite a few thai restaurants in Las Vegas but this one is a cut above the rest.  They are very reasonably priced, open late night, and offer both incredibly unique and classic thai dishes. You have to have the Pralad Prik!
4	We had the Tom Yum Soup and Green Salmon Curry - very satisfying!  They prepared onion-free versions of each as I have trouble when I eat onions.
5	Amazing true authentic Thai food. The chef is from NY and really knows how to cook authentic food. I am glad to see such a high quality restaurant. This blows Lotus of Siam out of the water
4	Was here Saturday night for a late dinner!  First time here and was not sure what to expect, but since my friend recommended it and he tends to have good taste I went with it.   Newer place not a lot of people then again it was  12:30AM and a few other people did walk-in.  As soon as I sat down the owner/chef came over.  You could tell she is proud of her food and has a passion for what she is doing.  Always a good sign when the person preparing your food has such a passion for what is coming out.    We started with the tartar.  It was a perfect blend of what you would expect at a Thai Restaurant especially since we advised them we liked spicy( I love spicy).  It had a good kick to it, but not so hot that you could not eat it.  Then they brought out the Mussels very delicious and the broth was so good that I continued to drink it especially when they brought some white rice the combo of the flavors from the mussels was pretty amazing!    Next the Soft shell crab which was not my favorite, then again I am not big on soft shell crab.  Next followed the Potak Sea Food Soup which had a lot of flavor and left me wanting more.  The last one was Sirloin with a coconut sauce that was also good.  We finished off with apple crepes and coconut ice cream. Overall this is a great place with very authentic Thai food and open late for those of us that tend to look for an exceptional place to eat late at night.  Oh yes, price for is very on point. Worth a try for sure when your hungry for authentic Thai !
