4	I read about this place in the Las Vegas Weekly a couple of weeks ago and was intrigued. So when we were in Vegas last week we had to check it out. The owners - employees were very friendly and helpful. They let us try as many of the flavors as we wanted. Some of the flavors were really strange for popcorn, but most were very good. We liked the baked potato, white chocolate and the cheesecake flavors the best (not all together, of course). The mac 'n cheese popcorn is just weird. I don't know if it is good or bad, just weird. There are probably a hundred flavors, so you will have have a hard time choosing. Some will be hit-and-miss, I'm sure. We bought three mini bags of our favorites and a couple of packs of candy cigarettes......remember those as a kid??? This is a very unique place and we will be back to try more.
5	After visiting the Popcorn Girl, I will never view popcorn the same way again. The folks here have taken popcorn to a new level with all the different flavors of popcorn they have available. (Ranges from hot and spicy to coconut cream pie!)No longer am I going to by the Orville Redenbaucker (sp) stuff at my local grocery store. Yay for the popcorn girl!
5	Will the real popcorn girl please stand up!! You deserve a round of applause. I still cannot believe how many flavors of popcorn you have. I could list all of the amazing flavors that you let us sample today but i am not sure it would all fit here.The loaded baked potato was awesome " I now own a bag", The Apple was amazing, " I now own a bag", The Spicy Cheese was amazing, " I now own a bag" and the oreo was rediculous amazing, " I now own a bag". So you obviously get the point. I do have to say, I love to support local businesses and one of the coolest things was how welcome all of the staff makes you feel. My daughter and I were standing to the side checking out all of the sweet tins that they have to send popcorn to your favorite people in and the gentleman in the back mentioned that the popper was about to blow and we could come on back..  "Really" that was an awesome touch, we got our own little private tour like something out of MTV cribs, you know what im talking about.... The " this is were the magic happens part". That is not an understatement, they pop the corn sift out all of the unpopped and half popped kernals and make the magic happen after that.I am more than happy to recommend this place to anyone looking for some good snacky food. Or for something different to sneak into the movies. You will be the envy of the theatre while you are sitting there eating white chocolate peppermint popcorn. This is a must try for anyone who like popcorn..... Or any other type of food, because Im sure they have the flavor.
5	I've been meaning to visit Popcorn Girl after they were featured in a local news article.  So how perfect that the CMYE (Community Manager Yelp Event) would be hosted here!  And popcorn girl herself, in pigtails, was there on hand too!Popcorn Girl has more varieties of popcorn than I have ever seen - they range from Cheesy to Sweet, and you're bound to find at least a few that you like!The best part is that they let you sample, and they aren't shy about letting you have your fair share.  You do have to ask for each sample and they get it from the back - which I'm all for since I wouldn't want to be sampling from a mass of open popcorn containers with customers getting their hands into it.Prices range from $1 for a mini bag and upward to bins and boxes.  So you can feel free to take the kiddies here without breaking the bank! They do make the popcorn on site, and we were lucky to get a little tour.  You learn about the different size popcorn used for specific coatings.  Tours are always cool!I went home with four mini bags - Jalapeno Ranch, Pizza, Dill Pickle, and Southwest Jalapeno.  I already ate one last night after bringing it home, and I think I'll go have another bag after writing this review!  It's ideal for sneaking into movie theaters! =)Right now they only have one location - but word is they are looking for a place in Henderson too.  Go check it out - it's a great idea for any reason!
5	This place really is as good as it gets.Popcorn. Lovely females with huge smiles and enthusiasm behind all of the different popcorn flavors? Holy crap, this place is my Disneyland!!I popped in (see what I did there?) for "Poppy Hour", also a CMYE event. I was treated to samplings and samplings of different kinds of popcorn. Some so unique (Pizza, Southwest Hot Wings, Dill Pickle). Last night, I was feeling like I had more of a sweet tooth, so I went with what I think was Peppermint White Chocolate, Bubblegum and my favorite Coconut Cream Pie. And yes, these are POPCORN flavors.I watched as the girls helped other customers. Some came in to treat their mothers, one for his girlfriend. They have tins of all designs and make the perfect gift for those special people in your hearts.One last thing to note. The girls that work here are not shy to talk to you. Maybe it's because I'm really really really, ridiculously good looking. Chances are, they are just plain good people. They WANT you to try the popcorn. Don't be bashful. Come in. Grab a sample. But I'm certain you will leave with bags and tins of your favorite flavors.
5	One of the happiest days of my life yesterday: Dad's Grilled Cheese for lunch followed by going to Popcorn Girl. Popcorn Girl is one of those specialty places that really know what they're doing. After hearing so many great things about this place I had to check it out for myself, and I wasn't let down. I consider myself a popcorn snob and I am not afraid to admit it. I have send back under par popcorn to popcorn factory, which I usually love. Anyway I went in here with high hopes of trying some flavors and ended up trying a whole bunch and chatting it up with popcorn girl herself. She is awesome and take the time to chat with her if you can. I tired loaded bake potato before coming in the store and while I was there I had Dill Pickle, Lemon Meringue Pie, Chocolate Peanut Butter, and Southwest Hot Wing. AMAZING. Ended up getting mini bags of the Pickle, Jalapeno ranch, SW Hot Wing, Banana Cream, and some candy cigarettes. Later that night I had a taste test and let the boyfriend try some and now we are hooked. The Banana Cream, out of this world. I was most impressed by the free samples. They really want you to try them and they give you a nice portion to actually taste. I love how the seasoning isn't so strong that you can only eat a handful of this stuff. It's nicely coated and oh so good!
4	Popcorn Girl brings up one of the questions that my friends and I have wondered about:  Why do we insist on eating things that taste like other things, instead of eating the real thing?  Coffee flavored beer, dutch apple pie flavored gelato, coconut cream pie popcorn?  Because it makes the original food a little bit more awesome, that's why.  Seriously, get yourself a sample of the coconut cream pie popcorn and tell me that doesn't taste like awesome.Like many other reviewers, I first made my way down here for the second CMYE.  The popcorn flavors they offer are sure to please anyone in a snacking mood.  Shame on me for waiting so long to review this place, but going off of memory they had flavors such as green candy apple, BBQ wings...and did I mention coconut cream?  Don't let my bad memory and late review give the impression that Popcorn Girl isn't memorable; I personally am not a snacker, so I don't have cookies, chips, popcorn etc. stocked in my pantry.  If I'm hungry and I'm not willing to prepare a meal at home...well then I'm going out to buy something.  After tasting several flavors throughout the CMYE I knew that this place was something special.  Unique flavors of popcorn available for purchase, with the opportunity to taste samples and determine what you really want to buy.  This is what movie theaters should offer.
5	What a trip!The first time I went out here was on a Sunday and Popcorn Girl was closed.  I decided to make the trek back to the west side with my sweetie and we walk in Saturday at 3ish and there were my good friend and her boyfriend!  Of all the popcorn joints in the world!They bought a USC tin with 3 smalls.  I identified my college tin and smiled, my boyfriend found his, and turns out our sales lady was from another rival for both of us! haha we had a good laugh about it!She ran around and got us any sample we wanted (so patient! good cardio!)The bf ended up with cinnamon crumb cake flavored fudge and a mini vanilla popcorn.  I got southwest jalapeno mini and mini Lemon Meringue Pie.Now, I am a coconut lover and after all of the reviews, I REALLY wanted to try Coconut cream pie.  However, they were sold out :)  Blue coconut didn't measure up.  Anyway this was a fun experience and a good gift idea for the future :)  We'll come back!
4	Had a great time at the CMYE last month at Popcorn Girl in Las Vegas, and 12 hours later I found myself in Chicago at a Garrett Popcorn Shop! Popcorn Girl has an incredible variety of flavors, and really good quality corn. I even took a picture of the Garrett popcorn and Popcorn Girl popcorn side-by-side on the same blue plate (see photos) to show how identical the kernels are. If I had to guess, they get their corn from the same farm/distributor! It was fun trying the different kinds of Popcorn Girl flavors and the tastes got more interesting as different flavors were eaten in sequence with others. One sweet kernel, one salty, one hot, another sweet one, etc. It was HARD deciding on which bags to get, I ended up choosing a caramel bag and a smoky BBQ bag. I chose smoky BBQ because I liked the sample - it was one of their special flavors of the week.Garrett Popcorn in Chicago has been the benchmark for caramel and cheese flavored popcorn since I was 5 yrs old. (I grew up in Michigan). When the opportunity came to taste Popcorn Giri caramel side-by-side with Garrett's CaramelCrisp I got excited.And the winner is...With the kernels virtually identical in size, texture and shape (see photo) it really came down to preference of the caramel coating. The Popcorn Girl caramel coating is sweeter and more candy-like, and the Garrett caramel coating is more buttery and toffee-like. Popcorn Girl's caramel corn seemed to stick to my teeth a smidge more than Garrett's. Garrett's had that "this can't be good for you" aftertaste, conjuring visions of Chris Farley on 90s SNL pounding his sausage-eating chest during the Chicago Bears sketches. SO, if I had to declare a winner I would hand it to Popcorn Girl - to pull off popcorn this good 2000 miles away from the motherland of corn, she's doing a lot right! Way to go! See you again soon!
3	Ok, this just wasn't my cup of tea. I tried many of the flavors in the store and really struggled to find some I liked. I wound up buying 10 mini bags of various flavors for my coworkers just to make sure I got some variety. The sweet flavors of popcorn were crazily coated in a hard sugar shell and quickly became overwhelming sweet. The savory flavors were thickly coated in flavored powder. My fingers looked like after they do when you eat Cheetos, all powdery and coated, after a few handfuls. The flavors just didn't taste all that great to me. I also just got the low salt variety which didn't really taste like anything. I actually have made more flavorful popcorn at home. When I just pop the corn and put a tiny pinch of sea salt on it.  Maybe its the smell I was missing. The store didn't smell like wonderful popcorn.  It didn't smell like anything at all. Also there was no hot popcorn available. I did enjoy the almond toffee flavor and the Chicago mix (sweet and savory mixed together). I'm not against trying more flavors but it is not a place I would go out of my way for again.The counter help was very patient and helpful.
5	2nd stop on the niece B-Day celebration - Popcorn Girl. this is my 3rd visit including the Yelp event a month or so ago. Another local mom/pop - style biz i dig. Great customer service, very good product, prices - well, not sure if they are reasonable or not - it's one of those few places where i focus on the price ... very few. Between my sis, her girls and i - we tried about 10 different popcorn's - we bought about 10 bags - most mini's or small - i gotta say on this trip the tasting winner was raspberry. B-Day girl enjoyed the watermelon. This place deserves some local love !
3	What's wrong with me?!? I love popcorn but this place just didn't do it for me. Love the concept, merchandise, staff is incredibly friendly and generous with samples. I must agree with Mur T. I miss the popcorn smell and the availability of fresh popcorn. I did buy three different flavors, Chicago, Vegas and a chocolate but I think I was a little turned off by the way they are just stored in big containers in the back. I'm also not a fan of the hard shell coating. I think Maw N Paw in So Cal and Garrett's in Chicago have spoiled me.
5	After driving by this place every single day I decided to stop by since I really wanted some popcorn. This place is really clean and very friendly staff. They were very helpful because I didn't know what to get and asked if I could try the most popular flavors. They gave 3 choices and were they all so tasty! They gave me the Chicago which is cheese and caramel, southwest hot wings, and loaded baked potato. There are 16 different flavors for cheese and for the 17 different flavors for the candy flavors. Also, they do have chocolate popcorn so that's a plus! I ended up buying 3 bags of popcorn; southwest hot wings, wacky watermelon, and raspberry cheesecake. I know wacky watermelon sounds a little bit weird but I had to try it and it wasn't that bad. Oh and it was just freshly made so it was hot! I would definitely go back there and totally recommend this place to my friends and family! They also offer gift ideas so that a plus because that is totally perfect for gift for any occasion.
5	Love this place!!! Super friendly and you can sample lots!!! Tried the bubblegum (yum!!), the cheesecake (just ok), the cheddar and caramel, puppy chow and white choc peppermint. Walked out with the crazy cornfetti (mix of their fruity flavors), whit choc. Peppermint and the Chicago mix AND a bag of assorted taffy!!! There was people trickling in on a Monday afternoon, a good sign that people love this product. They will ship their products too! Gotta love this specialty store!! Go visit and indulge!
5	Finally returned with my mom in tow and got the Coconut Cream Pie everyone raved about (and it is now near me in my office).  Also got a big "refill" of Southwest Jalepeno.  My mom ordered 2 tins for shipment to my uncle and grandma.  The delivery costs were low to other states.  They pack the popcorn on the requested shipment date so it isn't stale upon arrival.Coolest side note - they have Cucumber soda here.  I know that sounds weird, but it tasted great!!  Now I want to drive to the west side just for that! :)
3	I bought gifts this year from the Popcorn Girl as a change of taste for our guests coming into Las Vegas for our event. This is the first time we have bought gifts and not had an extra thrown in for us spending hundreds of dollars.  Each time we have bought from other shops (Ethel M, Godiva, Mrs. Fields Online, etc.) they have generously given us a small amount to take home. With Ethel M, they gave us nearly $100 in chocolate, which we gave to our guests! Though I was embarrassed, I asked for a small bag for the business we brought in. We were told, you got great customer service, but no extras. The food may be good, but I do not plan on shopping for gifts here again.
5	Omg .. I love this place !!!! So many flavors of popcorn to choose from. Staff is very friendly..... Another bonus is they give you sample. Not sure you will like Southwest Wing Popcorn ask for a sample or if dill pickle will be one you will like get a sample.  I would suggest getting the cheese, caramel, kettle corn and the southwest wing... But go and try it out yourself
5	This place is "GIT"(short for legit). a lovely, cozy pier shop, minus the pier. popcorn dynasty in every flavor.i came in for the first time, lady was nice and very welcoming. i told her ive never been, so she stepped out from behind counter and stood next to me looking up at the menu, explaining the 4 categories of their flavored popcorn offerings. from sweet, to traditional, to chocolate, and "untraditional". they have candy barrels and a bunch of sports team buckets and holiday bags and ready made popcorn baskets. ideal gift packages are always chill, especially if it's edible.i didn't know where to start so she said i can sample any popcorn. i ordered the "chicago": caramel and cheese mixed, as well as the cherry. it's packed with flavor, you can tell by how less transparent the bag becomes. i'll be back to try other flavors. a very high plus, this is down the street from me, less than 3 blocks.
5	So delicious!  I recommend the white chocolate popcorn and chocolate fudge..  Definitely have to go back to try the non-sweet treats..
5	I just wanted to say that it is rare in this day and age to have an interaction with a business of any kind and have a good experience at all, let alone be completely and utterly taken care of.  I recently ordered a "Thank you" Tin (popcorn of different flavors inside of a cool tin container) for a client of mine because this client referred me some business.  The popcorn girl immediately offered me free shipping because my client is local (she was going to deliver it herself).  The problem is my client was out of town, and I did not know this, and then after my client DID get back into town, she hasn't been going to her office like she normally does.  So the popcorn girl has taken 3 trips and will finally take a 4th, trying to give my gift to my client, simply because we want to keep it a surprise.  When was the last time a business took care of you like that, let alone the owner, who has probably a large list of more important things she could be doing.Popcorn girl rocks, and if you ever want the tastiest popcorn you have ever had in your life and receive more than proper service to boot, give her a call and you will be taken care of.
5	Popcornopolis has met it's match.
4	Really cool place!  They let you sample the popcorn and all the staff is super nice.  I got the loaded baked potato popcorn and they mixed it to order.  Very tasty!  Lots of bacon and they even throw some chives in there for good measure.  There's vegetables in there... it's good for me, right? $4.25 for a small which is more than enough for 3-4 people.I'm looking forward to trying more of their popcorn.
4	The BF had a hankering for flavored popcorn I missed out on the CMYE last year and have been meaning to try it.I like that they have minis since I like to have a variety and we don't have to get such a big bag that it'll get stale. I don't think these bags will stay very long though! I don't dislike popcorn, but I wouldn't say I would normally seek it out. I do enjoy these and we've been snacking and snacking... We got minis of: Chicago style ($1.95)  which is cheddar and caramel popcorn mixed, confetti($2.15) which is mixed candy coated and we got half peanut butter chocolate and half white chocolate pretzel ($4.95). All are good and we do want to try more! We'll be back.UPDATE- 2/12 The BF dropped by wit his mom and grabbed us some bags. We got the confetti again and this time some of the flavors are different. Unfortunately, one was cinnamon and we all didn't feel it went well with the fruits. Based on Raymond's review I told the BF I wanted to try oreo so he got a bag. It wasn't as sweet and rich as the pb chocolate and white chocolate ones so it was kinda addicting. Based on one of the girls recommendation was a bag of jalapeno cheddar mixed with dill pickle that we inhaled. Awesome flavor that we have to get a big bag of next time.
5	Love this place sooooo much. Reminds me of Chicago and now we send popcorn back to family in Chicago and they love it. Our faves are movie theater, cheese, kettle, and southwest hotwings. They make you feel like a regular.
5	I don't eat popcorn too often. But after reading about Popcorn Girl here on Yelp, I just had to stop in to buy a few bags of popcorn for myself.As soon as I walked in, I was greeted by one of the employees. She was busy helping another customer, but she explained to me that I could sample any flavor of popcorn that I wanted and to let her know when I decided. Awesome! If only every specialty snack store would offer this! It's a cute little store. They sell various candies and taffy, and they also have many sports team popcorn tins as well as gift boxes with cute designs. Since it was my first time here, I decided to go with the mini bags so I could try different flavors and avoid having the popcorn turn stale. I bought the classic buttery, cheese, and oreo. All of them were really good! They have very interesting flavors of popcorn here. Red hot cinnamon, strawberry cheesecake and tacos, who would've thought these would be flavors for popcorn? I will definitely be back to try other flavors. I have my eye on the S'mores. Yum!!
5	I went in there yesterday and could not choose what flavor to get, but the owner was so kind and let me sample as many flavors as I wanted.  It is like being a kid in the candy store!  I tried many savory flavors and they were all really good.  In fact, I didn't even get to the chocolate flavors but I will come back again once I run out!  I ended up getting white cheddar, southwest jalapeno, and toffee almond.  I have been eating it nonstop all day!  This is the seriously the best gourmet popcorn I've ever had.  The popcorn is really fresh, and I was afraid of getting the really big bags because I was afraid of it getting stale, but I don't have to worry because I'll probably finish it before that happens!  If  you are in Vegas, you NEED to visit this place and sample some popcorn!
5	Craving popcorn on my Vegas trip!  Thankfully, Yelp and Popcorn Girl saved the day. The positive yelp reviews for Popcorn Girl convinced me to make the drive and give this place a try.  They a have about one million flavors and blends to choose from and the staff was very enthusiastic about all of them.  Thank goodness they give free samples with a smile!  How could I not try a few... or six gourmet popcorn delights?  Spicy, savory, sweet, and chocolaty... they have it all.  They even have flavors inspired by popular foods like pizza, mac and cheese, and loaded baked potato. They also have a cooler full of fancy flavored soda. The young guy and gall working in the store didn't seem even slightly annoyed by my indecisiveness. I finally settled on a mini bag of mixed candy flavors and a mini bag of the Las Vegas mix.  Don't let the size "mini" fool ya.. it's the smallest size but it is not as "mini" as it sounds. I also picked up a bottle of Jasmine flavored soda just because I thought it sounded interesting.  All of this totaled a little over 6 dollars!  What a deal!!  Go. Munch. Enjoy!
5	Love this place! There are so many flavors it can be hard to choose, I suggest working your way thru the selection. My fav's are Loaded Baked Potato and Dill Pickle. The ownership is friendly and generous, I have always had a pleasant experience there.
4	mmmm the dill pickle popcorn tastes like real dill pickles! we got to sample the hotwings it did not taste like hotwings or even hotwing sauce we got a mini smores and a mini dill pickle and it was over six dollars.I think they over charged me but i will be back for a big bag of the pickle popcorn yum. and the free samples help.the fudge looked yummy and you can have free samples of that also.
4	We came here because of the fantastic yelp reviews and my crazy-for-popcorn sister in law.  Glad we did! When we arrived, we stood in line for just a few moments before being helped.  The gal that initially helped us was the only employee that wasn't especially friendly, but I suspect she was having a bad day.  Nonetheless, we were helped by other employees as well, and all were accommodating in letting us sample the flavors before buying.  I don't remember all of the ones we tried, but here's what I remember.  The flavors I tried and liked are : Pickle, white chocolate, milk chocolate, buttery.  I also tried the oreo flavor, but that was a little on the sweet side for me, but wouldn't you expect that from someone whose favorite is Pickle? Btw, this place is closed Sundays, so be sure to plan to come on another day.  Anyway, 4 stars because I plan on coming back and trying other flavors, and I can imagine that the rating could only get better!
3	I only tasted 3 flavors: strawberry cheesecake, smores, and the mixed variety. Strawberry Cheesecake was yummy so was S'mores, but in moderation. They are sweet and filling for popcorn...so you really don't need to buy much to get your sugar fix. The mixed flavor was too much, just allot going on there. Coconut, Banana, Apple and like 4 other flavors all mixed in one....got a little gross after awhile. This is a good idea for a gift, take the popcorn and put it in cute tins or jars and give out... But I doubt I will be ordering again. And DO NOT order online, the shipping is insane. It will cost you the same or more than the product order you placed! It will also take around 2 weeks to arrive. I'm a popcorn lover but wasn't so into it, maybe if I try the other flavors.... I hear Dill Pickle is good!Great 1 time thing to try out.
2	Whoa. Saw a piece about Popcorn Girl the other day on "Kid in a Candy Store".   We ordered some of their "Cornfetti" online and had it sent to us in LA.  It arrived well packed and all, no problem, but man-it is heavily dyed (colored) and really dense.  We only ate probably a couple of handfuls, got a stomach ache and felt pretty rough.  The dog wouldn't even touch it, c'mon now, you know, dogs eat anything!    The tastes were pretty interesting, but the stomach ache was enough to deter.  Gave it to some coworkers in the office, they seemed to enjoy it more.If you haven't tried it and order online, be careful buy the small bags and try a variety.  We just ordered the LARGE of the one kind, like 6 pounds of it....30 bucks down the drain. OH!  They only ship FedEX too, so that's like 10 bucks there...
3	So many many many flavors to choose from!!  I missed the episode on food network, but i did find this place thanks to YELP!  Didn't leave the store empty handed... strawberry & coconut mix, cheese, strawberry cheesecake, and the loaded potato.  4 bags of popcorn to hand carry onto the plane--not good. MY opinion--it was... alright.  probably wont be back for more popcorn on future trips to vegas.  the samples were delish, but i didnt enjoy it as much when i got home.  i was a little disappointed on the cheese because i love cheese flavored popcorn!  something was missing but i dont know what it is...  my daughter thought the strawberry/coconut was too sweet (so did i).  i ended up throwing away the baked potato.  the strawberry cheesecake was for my coworker and her input was the same... alright.  i'll stick to kettle corn for now.
5	Just got back from Vegas, and my 5 bags of popcorn are nearly gone. I was thinking about putting 4 stars, because  I felt it was a bit pricey for popcorn - but it's not like I have anywhere else to compare with.  What put it at 5 was the service I received. I had to hop on a plane about 8 hours after I got to the store.  They helped me box it, filled with foam peanuts, and taped it up.picked up Strawberry Cheesecake, Parm-Garlic, Loaded Baked Potato, Jalepeno Ranch, and the Vegas.I'd say easily the Strawberry Cheesecake was the best. Their caramel is done well, so i'd say the Vegas mix #2.  Def a stop on my next trip to Vegas
4	After lunch, we wanted something sweet and Popcorn Girl popped up on Yelp.I dont know how many samples we tried, but it was a lot! Everyone was so helpful as there are soooo many flavors to try.My fav being Salt and Vingear and the Denver mix!
4	Popcorn Girl was suggested to me by a friend in San Diego who heard about them on on Foodie show on TV.  It's a cool family-owned business in the west side of Las Vegas, almost in the Summerlin and Red Rock area.The place was smaller than I expected, but never-the-less, it is great.  The staff was very friendly and attentive and offered me a chance to sample as much as I wanted from their extensive menu.  I have a sweet tooth, so my favorites were the cotton candy and caramel flavors.  The "Vegas" mix consisting of butter, caramel, and cheese was interesting. FYI, the sweeter candy-coated flavors hold up and stay fresher for a longer period of time more than the savory one.
5	I love this place. My favorites are peanut butter chocolate and oreo.  The oreo one has big chunks of oreo cookie covered in melted white chocolate. yum! Their dry rub popcorn doesn't do it for me but any of the chocolate ones are to die for!
5	Great popcorn and happy staff.
4	Tucked away in a little shopping center, but I feel like I've just found found a little gem...and the best part is it's only a few minutes away from home!  They have a lot of different popcorn flavors to try, and the staff is friendly and helpful.  We tried nacho cheese (spicy) and chocolate, caramel with nuts.  Both were delicious.  They also have classic styles of candy and soda but we didn't try any of these..maybe next time.
5	One word: AMAZING!!! I had a friend from outta town and we were looking for something different to do and I had noticed this place months before she arrived. Being that we are always in the mood to try something new...we stopped in...needless to say it was the right choice! Not only is the popcorn amazing (and I think I've tried every flavor at this point) the staff is awesome. They're friendly, helpful, and someone don't ever seem annoyed that someone has asked to tried like 900 different flavors! Check it out, you won't be sorry! The loaded potato and chocolate peanut butter are my faves!!
5	Salt n vinegar/spicey hot wing... mmm all the flavors i tasted were the bomb!!!!!!!! Service was great AND we met the popcorn girl- who is extremely nice ad well..
5	soooooooooooooooo addicting!!!!!!!dark chocolate popcorn, strawberry cheesecake popcorn, puppy chow (like muddy buddies!), should i go on!?!?! this place is A-MAZING. service is exellent and there is so much popcorn variety that an indecisive person would go bonkers here. like me, haha! we were taking popcorn back home with us so we asked them to box up our 15 bags of mini popcorns. they dont ship their chocolate popcorns durning summer months (because of the vegas heat!!!)  so we took our chocolate ones seperate to put in our carryon bags. they lasted wonderfully and got back to maui safe and sound. and not melted! woohoo! out of the 4 bags of popcorn my husband and i bought for ourselves, only one bag is left. and we just got back home a couple hours ago. and we bought the popcorn yesterday afternoon. it hasnt even been 24 hours and our popcorn stash is almost gone. thats how addicting it is. can we come back for more popcorn now!? i need more!!!!
4	Lots of people have written about the wonderful popcorn...so I will write about the rest.Fun colorful tins make the popcorn into a great gift when you don't know what to buy.They have a great selection of 50's and 60's candy and an amazing selection of weird sodas that include fabulous flavors like cucumber!Fun place!
5	Whenever I pass the sign for Popcorn Girl I always ask myself, "how can a business survive by selling popcorn alone?!" and today I finally gave myself an answer. This place is amazing! The store is quite cute on the inside with barrels of novelty candy (it's cheap, too!) and the staff is exceptionally sweet, just like the majority of the popcorn flavors available! They allow multiple samples, which is great for indecisive people like me. The puppy chow flavor was melt-in-your-mouth good and the fruity, candied flavors taste just like those swirly rainbow suckers you find at amusement parks. I ended up leaving with a bag of Crazy Cornfetti and spent the next 45 minutes guessing each flavor, which was an excuse I gave myself to devour most of the bag. Hmm, is this cherry? Nah, maybe bubblegum...or is it strawberry? Yeah, strawberry. Wait, let me check again. Oh, yeah that's definitely coconut.
4	Too many flavors and options. Good fudge choices too!My wife had to order more after we came here. This will most certainly be a regular stop when we come to Vegas.
5	Yes it is possible to buy legal crack in Summerlin.  The popcorn here is amazing.  The cornfetti popcorn is so addictive.  If It's in the house, I cannot rest until its all devoured!  Their other flavors are really great too and I can't wait to try more of them.  They do offer free samples as well.  Also the service is super attentive and really friendly!
5	I never thought I would like eating popcorn this much.  But from Popcorn Girl, I'm a believer!The place itself is like one big candy store!  Besides popcorn they have taffy, old school sodas (in glass bottles!), various confections, and some heavenly homemade fudge!  The Red Velvet fudge was actually very good, but we'll save that for another time (although I did not save any of that fudge later...whoops).The popcorn selection here is astounding!  There are so many flavors going from the sweet, to the salty, then to the sweet & salty...it's mind boggling!  Lots and lots of flavors to choose from.  Tip:  go here on the weekend and be ready to wait in line!  It can get quite hectic, so don't get mad if you have to wait in a line that sometimes goes out the door.  But on the bright side for you, more sampling!  Yes, those folks over at Popcorn Girl give you samples of just about any flavor you want to try.  It's like the local crack dealer giving you the finest stuff free first to get you hooked!  Ok, I know nothing about crack usage, but I did watch lots of reruns of Law & Order (man that Mariska Hargitay chick is hot) so I know how the streets work.If you're a first timer here and wanna try everything, go for the mini bags.  They are the lowest priced bags of popcorn and there is more than enough in each bag to satisfy a craving.  Great value for only a couple bucks a bag, and a good way to gauge your taste buds.  My current favs:-Sea Salt Caramel - sweet and salty all at the same time, delicious-Dill Pickle - strange sounding, but yes it tastes like you're eating pickles!-Cornfetti - a mix of all their fruit flavors in one bag-Pizza and Ranch - seems obvious, you mix the pizza popcorn with the ranch popcorn and voila!  You're brought back to your old college dorm room where you can hear loud rap music from boomboxes across the hall and smell something not quite tobacco-like from your roommates 'cigarettes'.  Damn second-hand smoke!  Ah, the memories!There's so many more flavors to try so you'll never really get bored.  When we go, we usually leave with at least 4-5 mini bags of different flavored popcorn.  It's really good when it's freshly made, and will last for several days as long as you keep the bag sealed tight.  If you haven't tried Popcorn Girl yet, give it a go because it really is downright yummy.  Staff is very friendly and always helpful, especially when it comes to samples!  The Popcorn Girl is usually there everyday too, she's the lady with the double ponytails!
3	Wanted to bring back something different from Vegas and this looked like it would fill the need. Walked in and it was clean and not too busy. The staff is young and were ready to bring us samples of whatever we wanted to try. I must say, if you pick the assorted sweet popcorns they are heavy with sugar and weigh a ton, as opposed to simple flavored popcorn, such as parmesean with garlic and loaded baked potato. The cost was based on the various sizes that they had and it wasn't cheap....I remember it was $6.95 for a small bag, but don't quote me on it. Check the website for the various prices. I think I'll pass on this place on my next trip back. I love popcorn, but the prices were ridiculous....
5	Delicious popcorn!  There is a huge variety of flavors and is not nearly as expensive as I thought it would be.  The staff was extremely friendly and will let you sample just about everything.  The salted caramel was my have :)
5	Great popcorn, couldn't recommend this place enough! My only negative problem would be that their website loads fairly slowly. Will definitely keep ordering however!
5	Food: To put it simply, the popcorn tastes great. With all their flavors, I'm sure you'll find one that you'll like. I loaded baked potato flavor is quite good.Service: They're very friendly. They'll let you taste whatever you want.Ambience: It's got that old-fashioned candy shop feel.
4	This place has the most popcorn flavors I've ever seen or heard of in my life. Flavors I never thought could be adopted to popcorn, I've seen here. The prices here are great, and the sampling is encouraged. It's also a ton of fun to see what flavors they recommend as well! I've always preferred the savory flavors - the sweet ones seem to all blend together after a while (although they are definitely novel).Favorites:-Sour cream and chive-Jalepeno (not too spicy, perfect for me)-Nacho cheese (has an extra sharpness to it vs. the regular cheese).And lastly, my ABSOLUTE favorite? DILL PICKLE. There's a bunch I haven't tried yet, but are on my hitlist. Go and sample away, the staff is SO nice and helpful and not stingy with samples. This place is great for gifts, and the prices are pretty great. However, when it comes to classic cheese...I would have to point you to Dyer's Gourmet not too far away.
5	This place is awesome!There are so many different flavors. To give you an idea, they have salt and vinegar, sour cream and chives, loaded baked potato, Parmesan garlic, pizza, mac and cheese, hot wings, green apple, watermelon, cheesecake, Butterfinger, Oreo, etc. We were pretty overwhelmed when we saw the menu, so we had to try some samples. They were more than happy to give us as many samples as we wanted. We probably tried about 6 different samples before deciding upon Parmesan Garlic, Mac & Cheese, and Oreo in small sizes. Each selection o popcorn tasted exactly like the name and they were all very fresh. There are still so many flavors I need to try, so I'll definitely be back many more times ;)
4	Growing up in Chicago, where I was introduced to gourmet popcorn at an early age, I always searched for a place that could come close in comparison. Popcorn girl is just that. I first got word of this place after getting a mini bag as a gift from my boss. I immediately paid a visit to the store and was surprised by the variety they had to offer--Original, cheese, caramel, candy, nuts, and chocolate. The menu of popcorn selections make it very easy to order. They arrange all six types and include all flavors underneath each type. The lowest price type being those in the original heading and the highest being those under the chocolate heading. The price also varies according to the bag size, box, or tin as they also offer gift giving options. I personally like to get a variety of mini bags as it is always fun to have a variety to choose from, give some to friends, or SNEAK INTO THE MOVIE THEATER TO REBEL AGAINST THE HIGH PRICE OF MOVIE THEATER POPCORN. ;)If you haven't had gourmet popcorn before, it is good to note that the caramel and candy flavors tend to be on the sweeter side, but have an almost crunchy consistency that I personally love. The others tend to be bit more chewy. I am unsure if that is just a different way they prepare it as I have tried other gourmet popcorn companies (i.e. Popcornopolis, Garrett, etc) that were not so chewy, but you can even see the difference in the popped kernels. One thing I love about Popcorn Girl is that you are able to sample any flavor they have, but beware... This often gets me to buy more than I intended! ;)
5	I was introduced to awesome flavored popcorn at a yelp event, but that place was on the other side of town. I came across popcorn girl when I was wandering around completely lost. I was trying to show myself I could without my gps, you see... That was a fail.Anyways, this place is pretty awesome. They have homemade fudge you can buy by the pound or half pound, in different flavors. They have a ton of different gift tins and boxes if you want to give a popcorn gift to someone. They have a HUGE selection of sports team tins. All the flavors I've tried have been good. My favorite, jalepeno cheddar, followed by salted caramel. Light caramel and the confetti popcorn were also good. They have at least 50 different flavors of popcorn, including some light flavors. Don't forget to ask for a sample!Also, they have old fashioned candy, taffy and stuff, by the pound.
5	If you like popcorn and flavor variety this place is it! OMG talk about the most amazing popcorn i've had in my life. Just went there today for the first time, I purchased cinnamon toast kettle corn, Parmesan garlic, and strawberry/ cotton candy for my kids. let me just say every flavor tastes as it should, the popcorn isn't stale it's wonderfully fluffy light and crunchy. i will be going back here again and can't wait to sample more! Friends of mine suggest loaded baked potato, and the mac and cheese as well as the classic cheese and salted caramel.
5	Never thought that i would Love the dill  pickle flavor popcorn... It sounds funny but tasted so good.
4	Staff was incredibly friendly and eager to have us try multiple popcorn samples once I explained it was our first visit.  I really enjoyed the white cheddar and loaded baked potato, but was mildly disappointed in their kettle corn.  It had a a fair amount of hull in it and only tasted of a slight sugar coating, not the butter and salt I get from the local farmers' market.  They had a huge selection of gift packaging, so it seems a perfect option for people that are hard to shop for.  Who doesn't like popcorn?
5	Flavoriffic! Looking for tons of flavorful popcorn options? This is the place to go! Cheese, Salty, Sweet, or Mix, they have it all. My Favorites: Jalapeno Ranch - yum!
5	Popcorn Girl is amazing! They have 50+ flavours and they do not disappoint. My friends and I sampled so many flavours: Dill Pickle, Loaded Baked Potato, Jalapeno Ranch, Pizza, Mac & Cheese, Kettle Corn, Caramel, Sea Salt Caramel, Wacky Watermelon, White Chocolate Pretzel, Strawberry Cheesecake, and Oreo. Thank goodness the employees here are so nice... we made the girl who was helping us go back and forth a few times ^^#All the flavours were great (except for Wacky Watermelon, one piece of that was enough for me). The question was whether I could handle eating an entire bag of any of these flavours, and the answer to most of them was no. They were good for trying a sample for the first time, but I wouldn't want to eat more of them. A bag of any size, even the mini, would be too much.Except for a select few... The ones that I ended up buying were Loaded Baked Potato (my boss really liked this one), Mac & Cheese (my other coworker and I really liked this one), Kettle Corn (my mum loved this one), and Sea Salt Caramel (gift to a friend, who also loved it).In addition to these flavours, my friends also bought Dill Pickle and Pizza, and all of us were very happy with our purchases. And the prices are soooo reasonable! (Another plus: easy parking!) I definitely recommend Popcorn Girl to all popcorn lovers out there :)
5	OK, so I have heard so much about this place and decided to try it. It was sooo good. The popcorn flavors a bizarre, but so good. Oreo, Vegas, and Denver, are my favorites. The popcorn girl herself is such a sweetheart. It's really worth the stop in of you are in the area. I highly recommend it.
5	My best friend introduced me to this place and I love it. Any flavor you can imagine they have it. It's even perfect for parties and gift giving. Give it a try you will not be let down. The kids in there are very nice and you will be asked if you'd like a sample.
5	this place is AMAZING, granted everything you see on the FOOD NETWORK does not sparkle and glitter w/ TASTE...but this place does, it's like the 4th of July of taste (fireworks and all)Crazy Flavors - Mac&Cheese, Loaded Baked Potato (with real pieces of Bacon and Chives), Salt & Vinegar, The Las Vegas (Cheese, Butter and Caramel mix) and the newest that I recently tried SEA SALT CARAMEL..ahhh I can eat the mini bag of SEA SALT CARAMEL in the car before pulling away from the store.Not only that, if you're looking for nostalgia "CANDY" this is the place. I'm an child of the 80's, CANDY CIGARETTES, yes they have candy cigarettes. Sugarbabies, taffy in the wax paper, maryjanes, etc.  Very friendly staff, you can sample all flavors, try mixing your own flavors as well, and they are now open 7 Day A Week"i have a bag of Salt & Vinegar waiting for me to get off of work"
4	It's good - VERY rich.  I would say the chocolate covered is more like a chocolate candy bar with a little popcorn in the middle than it is popcorn w/chocolate on it.If you're on the SE side, a good comparable store is Popped.  Both good, a bit different.
5	I love popcorn girl !!!! she always has everything i need for my events !!! not to mention she has great popcorn in every flavor under the moon lololol
5	This place is addicting. I love their popcorn and everytime I'm in the area, I try to make a stop here and get a couple bags of popcorn. My boyfriend and I tried delicious flavors like Southwest BBQ Wings, Pizza, Ranch, Parmasean and Garlic, Fully Loaded Baked Potato. Every flavor has been satisfying so far. We usually get the junior sized bags but don't let the name fool you. It's actually a good sized bag. Two of these cost me $5.90.They can also make packages for weddings, parties, graduations and thank you gifts. I love how they have football tins of your favorite NFL and college football teams. Perfect for super bowl/game parties.
5	I can't even make this stuff up.  I found this place on Yelp and promptly scooted on over to try some hot wings and dill pickle flavored popcorn.  Both were flavor explosions and I left this establishment with two small (small is freaking huge!) bags of each flavor.  Then I started handing it out to my friends whom I met for happy hour and had to go back the next day to get more to hand out to more people.  I'm the pied piper of popcorn.  Slightly embarrassing to show up at a popcorn joint twice in less than 24 hours, but the staff who recognized me were really cool about cracking jokes about it.  I'm not a sweet popcorn person, so I only tried these flavors, but their list of choices is crazy long, prices are reasonable and staff is really helpful.  Adding this place to my Christmas list.  Shipping is $13 flat rate.
5	Mmmmmmmm.  Popcorn girl.  Definitely worth a visit anytime I'm in town!  My friend was singing the praises of this place, and I was psyched when we were out shopping and she turned into the parking lot. My sweet tooth was going nuts! I was so overwhelmed with all the choices.....how could I narrow this down?!In the end, I went with 3 different flavors in the "snack" size, which is totally big enough to nom nom on, and very affordable (the chocolate flavors are more expensive, but I had to try one anyway).  I liked that I could try a bunch of stuff without breaking the bank.  The S'mores was incredible - huge chunks of real Hershey's chocolate bar, graham cracker chunks and tons of marshmallow.  Wow.  So amazing! They'll give you a sample of any flavor you like, and they do ship their stuff - I might have to look into that!
5	Hi, my name is Jessica and I'm an addict.I love Popcorn Girl. I don't feel like love is even a strong enough word. I have an obsession. Walking in the store is clean and nicely laid out. I am always greeted in less than 5 seconds and within a few seconds after that I am asked what I would like to sample. They encourage you to sample as many as you want. It's POPCORN heaven.They offer cheese, salty, candy, chocolate, and sweet confections. They also offer a variety of nostalgia candy (candy cigarettes, bottle caps, gobstoppers, candy dots, etc.) and fresh salt water taffy. They also make their own flavors of fudge! Yum-o!My go to flavors are: Loaded baked potato (real bacon and chives), white cheddar, and spicy hot wing and nacho cheese mixed. They will mix any flavor you ask for.The prices are cheap (especially when you compare the price of movie theater popcorn) and tastes way better. I usually buy a mini (which is like 3 cups worth) or a small (about 6 cups) and smuggle it into a theater or hit Redbox.WARNING: You will become addicted eating this delight. It makes a great gift for almost any occasion. Mmm, Popcorn Girl. Well done, well done indeed.
5	Holy Popcorn Goddess! I never knew I could develop a popcorn addiction, but I have. I'm on a mission to try every flavor but so far the hot wings, dill pickles, pizza, salted caramel....and every other flavor is my best. If Willy Wonka made popcorn, it would taste like this. Do yourself a favor and go try it!!
4	I was craving my Chicago mix but not feeling like a drive to the Strip I decided to give Popcorn Girl another try.  The employees are so friendly and I sampled the Chicago mix,  puppy chow and just regular buttered popcorn.   I left with just cheese and regular buttered popcorn. Try as they might the Chicago mix there just cant compare to Garrett's to me but I did like the cheese on it's own.  And the puppy chow was really good, a sweet, crunchy snack, and I think a perfect treat next time my niece and nephew are in town.
4	The original kettle corn is awesome.. Sooo yummy. They have soo many different flavors. Great place for popcorn lovers.
5	STILL A 5 STAR RATING...but I would just like to add out of all the flavors I've tried so far (loaded baked potato, ranch, parmesean & garlic, southwest hot wings, pizza, hot and spicy cheese, southwest jalepenos, blueberry, coconut, watermelon)....my favs are:-hot and spicy cheese-southwest jalepenos-watermelon  (i only got a mini sized bag of this only because whenever i get a craving for something sweet...this does the trick. too much of this can be way too sweet.)Crap. Now I'm craving for some but I'm at work...in this damn boring cubicle....=(
4	This is a fun place to visit.  They not only offer popcorn, but all kinds of old time candies and unusual salt water taffy flavors and homemade fudge.I sampled the Denver and Las Vegas mix.  Ended purchasing the Las Vegas mix (cheddar, caramel and buttered flavors) - very good.  A fun place to try, at least once!
5	Great service, super friendly staff and they let you sample as many different popcorn flavors as you want. I ended up buying the kettle corn and the Chicago style which is cheese and caramel together, a combo I never thought would taste good but is actually VERY delicious. There are SO many flavors to choose from but I didn't have enough time. I'll definitely be back!
5	Loved this place..I am addicted..I entered the store not knowing what to expect. I was enthusiastically greeted and offered free samples. I ended up buying enough popcorn to feed my entire neighborhood. I will definitely be back for more.
4	The price I thought was very reasonable. I would not recommend the salt and vinegar, garlic parmesan and ranch. The peanut butter, cinnamon toast and caramel with the mixed nuts were really good.Can't wait to try the other flavors.
5	This place is a real dream come true for a popcorn-lover like myself. There are so many different flavor options, and most of them are amazing. Even the flavors that sound weird are usually delicious.  I'm not a fan of the colorful candy-coated flavors (I tend to think of those as being for a younger clientele), but I love everything else. All of the cheese flavors are great and the chocolate flavors make an excellent decadent treat.
5	Sample all and get different flavors! They have cheese favors, candy flavors, caramel flavors, chocolate flavors and different flavors of the month. The people that work there are patient and help you decide with input and as many tastes as you want. The popcorn comes in 4 or 5 different size bags (I don't remember as we always get one of smaller two). They have fudge, salt water taffy and tins for it to come in as a gift. I got my NY giants tin from superbowl and I get discount refills....They do parties and all. Our fave flavors are light caramel, southwest hot wings, s'mores, Oreo and nacho cheese. Have yet to taste them all there are so many!
3	Lots of flavor to choose from. So far I tasted cinnamon toast and cheesecake. So good.
5	They have the best popcorn selection this city has seen. Prices aren't insane & the popcorn never fails. Get creative & mix certain flavors together! If you come in, ask for Glenda! She's an amazing employee!
4	Get the Dill Pickle +Jalapeno Ranch combo!I freaking love popcorn. Salty, sweet, butter, no butter, etc. etc. It's something about the texture, I think...and Popcorn Girl has great texture, AND flavor.My friend and I got to try a few different flavors - ones we didn't purchase (but were just as good) were buffalo wings and loaded baked potato.Purchased:-Dill Pickle + Jalapeno Ranch (small: $4.75): the jalapeno ranch was a suggestion from the girl who filled our order, and I don't know who she is, but THANK YOU-Oreo (mini: $4.95): This was SO GOOD. Very rich so the mini size was perfect. I do have to say though after a couple of days (that included driving back from Vegas to LA = direct sun exposure) it tasted the best the day we bought it.-Denver mix (small: $6.95): the caramel in this is not my favorite, but I do like the white cheddar flavor - it isn't overwhelming. I wanted to compare this to the Garrett Popcorn mix from Chicago, and Garrett Popcorn wins this round for sure.Honestly - the 5 stars are for the dill pickle and jalapeno ranch (how many times have I typed out that flavor combination? getting redundant...) Based on the flavors I tried, I think they are on POINT with their savory flavors. The popped kernels aren't as big as Garrett Popcorn, but there is still great texture and I found very few unpopped kernels in the bags.  Prices were also very reasonable! the amount you get for the money you pay is honestly a really really good value. I'm seriously going to come here every time I'm in Vegas.I wish LA had some gourmet popcorn places like this (OTHER than over-priced and mass-produced popcornopolis).
5	A popcorn fan. Enjoy the savory popcorn flavors. The staff is friendly and helpful . Have special ordered for work functions and was a hit. I have been back and will continue to do so. Remember popcorn makes up 2 of the 3 food groups depending on the flavors you choose.
5	My Dad lives in Las Vegas and I seen the episode on Tanked (the show that makes these outrageous aquariums). They did one for Popcorn Girl and after seeing the episode, how could you not want go and visit the website to see all the amazing, crazy flavors of popcorn that they had.Well I did immediately. And was hesitant to have them ship it to me, when I can just stop there the next time I visit my Dad...Well my Dad made a decision for a quick weekend visit to Dallas, and I quickly asked him to stop by Popcorn Girl to get us a few small bags to bring on his carry on bag.SOOOO to the Popcorn part of the review.. O.M.G the dill pickle.. yes, yes, yes... I get extra pickles anytime there are pickles around anywhere. So I had to try it out.. and it was actually my favorite out of the three flavors we got.My boyfriend got the Wacky Watermelon, we both weren't too crazy about it. It did taste like watermelon non the less.And I also got the Loaded Baked Potato flavor as the reviews were pretty good.
5	I'm a visitor to Vegas twice or more a year.  Typically, I meet up with group of friends here.  One of those friends LOVES popcorn, more than she loves trips to Tiffany's with a charge card.  I had been searching for desserts in Vegas when Yelp suggested Popcorn Girl.After the first visit (to the Green Valley location), we make multiple trips here on every visit to Vegas.  The popcorns are sensational.  The staff are wonderful and helpful.  On our first stop, we arrive minutes before closing.  The staff continued to serve us long after the closing time, and I was so interested in the business, one staff member gave me a tour of the kitchen.Some suggestions: the pizza popcorn is heavenly, but it can get overwhelming, so order my special: half pizza, half Parmesan and garlic.  Thinking about that combo makes me want to book a flight to Vegas right now! (I know, they'll ship).I love both the s'mores and Oreo -- but I know those sweet, chocolatey popcorns won't work for everyone.I need to talk them into one more flavor: caramel & white chocolate.  I loved when Danielle's used to carry that.So many options, you shouldn't have a problem finding something that delights your tastes.  If you can't find a popcorn you love here, I worry there's something wrong with you.
5	This is THE BEST popcorn ever! They have tons of different flavors. They will also let you sample the flavors before you purchase them. All the employees are friendly as well. The location is a little out of the way but well worth it!!
5	I heard about this place because Michele was raving about it.  She had a tin that she can refill for a cheaper price.  We walked in and the smell was fantastic.  We checked out the menu as we had up to 3 choices to make for the tin.  The first 2 were already decided, Spicy Cheese and Caramel.  Then I heard the most amazing words I have ever heard.  Our flavor of the Month is bacon.  SOLD!!!!!! We were there for a couple of minutes, got our popcorn and left.  It was all I could do to not open the container in the car.  Bacon was so good!!!
5	I have a love-hate relationship with Popcorn Girl.  I love Popcorn Girl so much and therefore hate that I don't have one here in San Diego and I also hate that I just discovered their fudge and now I have more things I have to eat when I am in Vegas.  Popcorn Girl did our wedding and I have ordered online but this was my first actual visit to one of the stores.  The service was great, they are nice, explain everything and let you try whatever you want.  It is so hard to pick since each and every popcorn is delicious.  I promise, you will not be disappointed with whatever you pick of the many different flavors.
5	Yes, five stars for this popcorn place.  This spot is in my neck of the woods, but I never had any desire to check it out in the past.  But, in the past month, I've had gourmet popcorn from two other shops in town and it awakened the popcorn monster inside of me.  Uh oh.  I visited on a Sunday afternoon and I was greeted first by bins of taffy.  Unique flavors include maple bacon, cupcake, red velvet, cinnamon bun, cookie dough, and root beer, $2 a pound.  After choosing a couple from almost each bin, I made my way to the counter, where I proceeded to sample the popcorn.  I tried: sea salt caramel, Butterfinger, peanut butter chocolate, Puppy Chow, Cinnamon Toast, and kettle corn.  There are so many flavors available, but I got full.  I didn't even get to try half of what's available.  The kind young lady who helped me would disappear into the back and come back with my requests; I think she did it three times.  I finally settled on 4 "mini" bags:  cinnamon toast, kettle corn, peanut butter chocolate, and the sea salt caramel.  The "mini" size is approximately 3 cups, according to Popcorn Girl's pamphlet.  Four mini bags plus the bag of taffy came to $13.66, which I don't think is bad at all.  Guess where I'm going before I see my next movie in the theater?  Shhh, don't tell anyone.  You should come here and sample some tasty popcorn, too.  I'll be back!
4	Located in one of the many strip malls here, we ended up getting coming to Popcorn Girl for...well, their popcorn and to check out any specialty drinks they might sell. There was a huge variety to choose from and the girl behind the counter brought out so many samples for us to try (and the sample portions were more than plenty) to the point where it kind of felt awkward to accept them and even finish the ones we didn't really care for too much. I thought I'd really like the banana flavored ones but it turned out it wasn't as great after the first couple bites but the s'mores and Oreo ones were really good. They had some drinks in their fridge but I chose a cucumber soda drink was I thought was good, too. The girl who helped us said to not leave the popcorn in the car for a long period of time since it'll melt and she was definitely right. Even with the AC on when we went back to LA, the marshmallows in our s'mores popcorn was melting quite a bit. Placing them in the glove compartment helped quite a bit, though. Overall, I'm glad we came here and we'd most likely come back again if we wanted more popcorn.
4	I definitely recommend popcorn girl. A local gem ofLas Vegas. They give free sample tastings of all the different popcorn. So you can try before you buy. You wouldn't believe how many different flavors of popcorn there are. Price is right with a verity of sizes and containers. A perfect gift.
4	The only reason I'm giving this a four and not five stars us it is some expensive popcorn!!   That being said the wild flavor sand ability to try before you buy are great!   Who would know popcorn can taste like buffalo wings and you can mix that with popcorn that taste like ranch dressing!   It's kind of like willy woman's for popcorn and since I'm a popcorn addict it's hard for me to drive by and not grab a bag of something....  And good fudge too!
5	Seriously the best popcorn store in vegas. They have tons of flavors from savory to sweet to spicy and everyone is satisfying. Love them.
4	I come here often for goodies! Mainly popcorn and Zotts. The Puppy Chow, aka "Muddy Buddies" are great! The flavors of popcorn here are unreal! From cheesy, to hot, spicy, candy, and chocolate flavored. Not to mention "Sea Salt Caramel" my favorite addiction :) They've got a nice location and very helpful/friendly staff...
5	Pretty affordable and the popcorn was delicious. I got a mix of banana pudding/dark chocolate omg it was amazing. Chicago was great too! Also tried garlic parm which was pretty good but not my fav. Then candied strawberry mixed with creamy cheesecake. Also very good! The specialty chocolates are a little pricey but the rest are really affordable.
5	I went here for the very first time today and I loved it!! I got a mix of Oreo and Cinnamon Toast. I shared with my coworkers since I had no intention of eating it all myself. I definitely plan to return again to try different flavors
4	I ran into "the popcorn girl" at a fundraiser (Las Vegas Chocolate Festival"  it reminded me I have to update my review since I have recently tried her competition (which was just fine but limited)   I'm still amazed by the number of flavors and flavor combinations... both sweet and savory and yes... the fudge is good (although they should see insulin with it too!)I'm not sure if this is a franchise but would definitely consider it if I had the right location.  Lots of variety so something for everyone and the classic candies and packaging add that extra touch.PLUS.. they are super nice about tasting because some times ... you just have to!
4	Items Selected:Las Vegas Mix - Butter, Sea Salt Caramel, Yellow CheddarS'moresLocated steps from my door with a second shop in Henderson Laurie Sabol's "Popcorn Girl" was one of those places I knew would find my patronage eventually, a visit from family proving a perfect opportunity to stop in for welcoming gifts...and a whole lot of sampling.  Tucked away in one of the many nondescript strip-malls along the urban sprawl of West Charleston a visit to Popcorn Girl begins ten-feet from the door with the beckoning smell of butter and on opening the door to cross the threshold the welcome builds in a sea of fresh, smiling faces happy to discuss the store's artisan style and 100+ choices of house-made popcorn, candy, and fudge.  At first a bit overwhelming in variety as bright hues decorate a variety of tins and four different menus it would take mere seconds to identify me as a first timer and handed a menu-map plus an invite to sample "as much as you like" I took full advantage - butter popcorn still warm, salted caramel sticky and sweet, and underwhelming vanilla discarded with recommendations to try the 'birthday cake' - a similar base lightly battered and dredged in cake mix.  Served in sizes ranging from $2 to designer party baskets well into the hundreds samples of Butterfinger, green apple, and bananas foster would follow and eventually settling on two mini-bags to compliment my guests' arrival baskets the results were well received; both the marshmallow and graham mixed S'mores and customized Las Vegas mix earning well earned praise for a total tab under $8.
4	Went into the Popcorn Girl on W. Charleston and the workers were friendly and helpful. The caramel with nuts popcorn is excellent, as well as all the flavors.  However, the individual flavored taffy sitting in the barrel and the brittle sitting on the counter are old and soft.  STICK TO THE POPCORN!!!
5	So first time going, seen them on the show Tanked. The girl that help us out gave us so many samples to try. She was super nice. Endend going home with two bags of popcorn. Super good! Great customer sevice! Ask for samples you can pretty much taste all 50 flavors or atleast find a flavor you like.
4	Visited both Popcorn Girl locations in the Las Vegas area.  Both have friendly staff who aren't stingy with serving samples of their products.  Even though the store seems to focus on popcorn, I was won over by the fudge.  Orange Dream fudge (Creamsicle made into fudge) is AWESOME.  Ordered and took home 2 pounds of this stuff to Hawaii and everybody loved it.  Will have to call in advance for next trip because Orange Dream isn't a regularly made flavor of fudge so special ordering is the only way to guarantee availability.  Oh, and this location is open on Sundays so if you're on a weekend trip in Vegas, you can stop by before driving or flying home.
4	Love this concept. Such a good idea for gifts, to grab before movies, or just to have around for snacking. There's so many flavors it's crazy. I came after dinner so I was too full to try as many as I really wanted. I'll definitely have to come back to try more. Salted Caramel (5 stars): They should make one with chocolate too!Dark Chocolate (4 stars)Sour Cream and Chive (4 stars)S'more (4 stars)Parmesan (4 stars)We got a gift basket made for $16 with 3 types of popcorn, one caramel, one chocolate, and one cheese flavor. You can pick any of the flavors within those categories. And they wrapped it all cute in a happy birthday box with cellophane and ribbon. It's a really nice gift to give. They have such cute boxes too! Some I remember are get well, baby shower, dentist, doctor, sports, etc. SERVICE (5 stars):The girl who helped us was really nice. You could try as many samples as you want! And they don't give just 1 popcorn piece, they give a couple. So come hungry. Prices are so good, mini bags are a little over $2.00.
5	I like this store.  The popcorn is delicious!  My person favorites are the hot and spicy cheese, and the salt and vinegar. I like to stop by and pick up a mini (for only $1.95 which they also put in an adorable bag) as a gift for friend. You can also get cute little cardboard boxes that have decorations such as "Happy Birthday" or "Thank you" and they will wrap up and tie with ribbon to make the perfect gift. I usually buy a caramel and white cheddar since you can't go wrong with those flavors. While I was waiting for them to wrap my gift up, I peeked into their fridge and noticed a cucumber soda.  Just had to try this!  It tuned out to be pretty yummy and refreshing. I will be back for sure!!!
5	I love flavored popcorn GREAT shop many options!
5	AMAZING!5 stars for service. Popcorn Girl - your employees are super! I came here having no idea how all of this popcorn business worked, total newbie, to buy my co-worker a nice present. I think the girl behind the counter sensed my apprehension because she came out from behind the counter to show me the menus and how to order.I had a few questions, and asked about packaging for a birthday present. She quickly showed me the custom-design boxes and cute ways they put together presents. I loved it and picked a box to put in 3 mini-popcorns. The girl then helped me decide on which flavors for my co-worker, one cheese, one caramel/candy, and one chocolate. They crafted the popcorn and put it in the packaging in less than 10 minutes. I was very pleased with this experience. I will be back for more popcorn for myself and definitely be back for other friends' birthday presents! A+!!
3	not bad... and not as expensive.
5	My sister always brings this popcorn when she visits me in LB. My sister knows my favorites and she always brings these: the movie theater butter, sour cream and chives, loaded baked potato, buffalo hot wings, etc..For my birthday, she brought me some birthday cake and caramel apple flavored poporn! I usually don't like sweet with the salty (like kettle corn-yuk!) but in small bites, these sweet flavors worked out just fine.I store mine in the fridge so they don't get stale and mix it with fresh hot popcorn to revive the flavors.
5	So last week I was looking through the Las Vegas Weekly and saw a coupon for a free small bag of popcorn from here. Seeing that it's in walking distance from my new place, I figured, it's free, so why not?Service was friendly and attentive. And they still offered me a free sample in spite of the fact that I had a coupon for a free bag. Since we could only use the coupon on the cheese flavors of popcorn, I decided to ask for a sample of their Chicago Mix. I must say, it was almost as good as Garrett's! And only about half the price of that overpriced branch of Garrett's at Planet Hollywood. The flavor I selected for my free bag was Nacho Cheese. The nacho cheese flavor was so bold that I almost felt like I was eating Doritos and not popcorn. I guess the "popcorn girl" (whoever she is) might view that as a bad thing but I don't. I look forward to trying more of their popcorn in the future!The Final VerdictPros: Reasonable pricesFantastic serviceWide selection of flavors to choose fromCons:I guess some flavors have the potential to be overpowering? Return Factor: 10/10. It's right next door to me anyway!
5	I am OBSESSED with movie theatre kettle popcorn! It is my favorite- and there are a lot of great flavors
5	You feel welcomed walking in. They let you sample what you want and then recommend popcorn.  That was my first time there but I will def be back for the cheddar, salt n vinegar and strawberry cheesecake popcorn.
4	I am not a big fan of popcorn typically but figured it was a good option for holiday snacks. I walked in around lunchtime and they were packed. The lines moved efficiently and service was extremely attentive for how busy they were. I appreciated that they had staffed appropriately to accommodate the influx during the holidays. They offer plenty of samples and the prices were decent. I have tried Popcorn Girl on previous occasions but this was my first visit to one of their brick and mortar locations.The popcorn was as good as I remember and I will likely come by more often from now on.
5	How fun is this place! Wow. Walked in, and we were welcomed immediately. This was our first time here, although not our first time tasting the popcorn. We read on another yelp tip that dill pickle was a must, so we asked for a sample. It was excellent, with lots of dill flavor. The samples are really generous as well. We ended up getting three flavors. We could not believe how inexpensive the popcorn was. Nice! There are so many awesome containers for gift giving. Perfect for a sports fan also. We will be back next week as a family member has a birthday. This is a must visit location if you want something fun, or out of the ordinary...or just plain yummy.
