5	I go to Josh Gibson for my hair services, and I love him! :) He always does a fantastic job. I have long, layered hair, and a LOT of it, and he always takes his time to give me a scalp massage during the shampoo (big strong hands, mmmmm), make sure the cut is perfect, and style it immaculately.He also does my Mom's cuts and color, and her hair looks great. She has dark hair with very resistant grays and it took a little trial and error to figure out exactly how much of each color to mix, how long it needs to stay on, etc., but now it's perfect every time. And if it ever doesn't come out perfect, he does it over again the same day or next day for no additional charge.He's also cute and a lot of fun - but sorry, he's gay, and taken. ;)I've never been to anyone else at Euphoria, but based on the vibe of the salon I'd be willing to try them for other services.
5	My daughter and I had our hair done today in the student salon.  We both got cut, color, blow dry and style and it only came to 92 bucks..  Our hair looks and feels awesome.  THe girls there are so nice and make you feel very welcome.  The teacher(s) is a peach..  Will never go to another place to get my hair done again.  xoxoxo
5	I feel like I am at this place at least once a week.  I get my hands and feet done by Sherry Torres.  She is not only a wonderful listening, cause I tell that girl everything, she is always up to date with new products and techniques.  I just love it when she asks if I can be her test rat!  Love her!! I also get my hair done there by Ramone Gomez who does a fantastic job and gives the best head massage when he shampoos.  Whenever he suggests anything for me to do to my hair, I always go with it because it has always turned out fabulous!!  I have sent several friends to the both of them and they all continue to go back again and again.
5	Had my eyebrows waxed by Lisa yesterday. Super fast service and very friendly. The place looks pretty clean and bright. I will go again!
4	My youngest daughter treated her Birthday party guests to manicures and pedicures at this beautiful and spacious salon. They were treated like royalty as each little girl was pampered by a staff member assigned to them. Sherry did my oldest daughter's nails and proved to be amazing with the cute nail designs. All of the technicians were very attentive and kid-friendly. Considering this was a group of 8 year olds, the staff was all very patient. The salon itself is beautiful and HUGE. They had a refreshment area with cookies, coffee and cranberry juice on tap! The whole experience from the front desk to the nail stations was nothing but spectacular. Plus they have Wifi!
5	I have been coming here for YEARS. I followed Sherry Torres from another Euphoria location, I would recommend her to anyone. Hands and feet, this woman is an expert! And I used to be a manicurist, so I can be pretty picky when it comes to this stuff. Also, I see Ramone Gomez for hair (seems to be a pattern lol). Absolutely amazing. He has done great work with both cuts and color, and I am definitely one of those girls who revamps my look often. Front counter staff is also always friendly and helpful,  I would recommend this Euphoria to anyone!!
