5	Great food, cool place, and great people.  Stop in and try their monday wing special for only 5 bucks.  Great deal.  The only thing I can suggest is they need to show soccer.  lol. Thanks for reading.
4	You know, I have been to Bricks 3 or 4 times and every time I enjoy the food. The owners are great people and most of the food is scratch prepared. My favorite is the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich and fries. The fries are soooo good. The atmosphere is that of a typical sports bar but has other areas that are more than suitable for family dinners. I will continue to go there to enjoy lunch and the company of the friendly bar tender. She is awesome!
3	Good food and nice servers.  nice little bar, but they take the "family" part seriously.  Lots of little ones running around.
5	I live just around the corner but had never been here. Tried out lunch the other day - it was fantastic!! Try the salmon sliders ... you won't be disappointed. Great food and great service. Hope they stick around for awhile because this is a really nice addition to the somewhat dismal dining scene in East Mesa.
4	yes thats right NOT another medicore east valley dining fopaw  ok it is another sports bar but this upscale designed place has great wings the sliders were tasty and the fries look to be hand cut beer selection was good hcould have had a hefe and a white belgium avalible shock top please cant wait to go back and give somthing else a try.....service wa excellant and easy on the eyes
4	i just Wanted to reiterate on bricks yes i had the wings once again this guy makes all of his on sauces for the wings i order hot and get a side of extra hot and bring it home i love this sauce i use it on other things ...eggs Mexican food etc what ever floats your boat there are 12 meaty wings per order wife had Chinese chicken salad yummy as well
5	While sports bars and the bar/grill theme has been completely overdone, it's going to take some innovation to make a sports-themed bar/grill stand out, let alone survive.  The creativity I found on the menu at Bricks makes me think this spot will be around for a long time.It was Memorial Day weekend, and I had to work.  I'll admit, I was bummed I wouldn't be able to go to any backyard parties.  I was so looking forward to a grilled burger that I made it my mission to have a fabulous burger adventure at a new place.  I used the mobile app to find Bricks.Walking in on a Saturday afternoon, I noticed that the vibe of the place was subdued.  Then again, it was a Saturday afternoon and I was in a bar.  I was actually kind of glad it wasn't busy!  As soon as we sat at a booth, we were welcomed by a waitress who took our drink orders and brought us menus.  Many of the usual items to be found here, ho-hum....but wait......grilled artichokes????  That certainly got my attention, and I promptly placed my order: we split a grilled artichoke appetizer, she had a salad and I had a habanero burger. The artichokes were a delight.  Tender, done to perfection, a mild, yet complimentary dipping sauce that did not overpower the mild, subtle flavor of the vegetable, and easy to eat (which is not always the way it goes when it comes to artichokes!)  I would offer comments on the salad my wife ordered, but quite frankly I was in sensory overload with my heavenly burger!  First, the patty was quite ample.  It was not a perfectly matched size to the bun.  No, it spilled out proudly.  I ordered mine medium rare.  The patty was soooo juicy that it drew my attention to the quality of the bun.  When it comes to burgers, the bun is often overlooked.  Not here.  The bun that sheathes this slab of ground beef has a handmade feel to it.  It reminded me of bakery style buns and breads from the east coast...not the mass produced plain jane breads and buns we're used to here in the valley.  This bun was the perfect compliment to the meat: it held together nicely even as it sopped up the juices that spilled from the patty.  Oh, and the habanero topping.... nicely done.  Many places tend to over emphasize the heat of the pepper toppings when involving the habanero pepper.  This burger has a lovely balance between the heat and the flavor of the pepper.  No individual component of this burger was overdone.  Each plays its part in a lovely beefy symphony.My choice of side today was Asian slaw, which only slightly edged out the sweet potato fries.  The slaw alone may be worth going back for.  Again, the dish was pleasing in its balance.  Crisp cabbage in a flavorful dressing, which helped to manage the heat level of the peppers.For those looking for a a good brew, I was also pleased by the assortment of beers available here.  A nicely chosen selection of microbrews and local beers, in addition to the usual Bud/Coors.If the wait staff is as attentive in the evenings as they are on Saturday afternoons, you'll have no complaints about the service here.  Can't wait to go back!
5	Once again I find myself back here at Bricks. I've been coming here for a few years now; the name has changed a few times, but the great food and service has been a delightful constant. I've had several dishes and never had a complaint about a single one. I can heartily recommend the Green Chile Burger, the Blue Cheese Steak Salad, the Wings, the Garden Grilled Cheese (great with a side salad), the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich and the Chipotle BBQ Ribs - I've had them all and they've been very delicious and satisfying, every time.With great compliments like 12 large screen TVs (various sizes),  karaoke night (Tuesdays at 8pm) and free wi-fi, Bricks is a must-visit addition to the East Valley. Come and enjoy!
2	Terrible service and management who thinks the customer is always wrong the owner is incredibly rude... I have been there at least a half dozen times and the service has been worse and worse... Usually end up at the bar getting my own drinks... You shouldnt have to make an effort to track down someone more than once to put in your order. If this is how they treat paying customers (making you work to spend money there) they won't be around long... Worse yet trying to explain to the management and getting nothing but attitude and excuses ill spend my money at one of the other several restraunts in the close vicinity thanks!
4	I can't believe I live so close to this place but have never thought to eat here. It's just one of those places you drive by and don't really notice I suppose, but luckily I read some reviews on Yelp and decided to check it out. I want to thank Carol for her recommendation of the BBQ burger. It was fantastic, one of the best burgers I've ever had. The quality of the food seemed like a nice step up from your typical sports bar fare. I felt so full all night. You know, the good kind of full. The drinks were also very reasonably priced for happy hour and they had a decent selection of beers on tap. Service started out pretty slow and it wasn't at all busy. I think our waitress was a little too busy socializing but eventually we got drinks and placed our orders. It seems like everyone here knows each other, which I like. I will definitely be back!
5	This places burgers rock.  Go now.
4	This place is awesome!!!  We received a coupon for a free nacho with purchase of two drinks so we figured we'd give it a try and we were not disappointed.  The nachos were great they were served on a large plate with big crispy blue corn chips.  There were just enough toppings and the chips didn't get soggy.  I had the Blue Cheese sliders, which were hand formed mini patties.  They were served on a decent bun as well.  My girlfriend had the Garden Grilled cheese, which was really good too. It had portabella mushrooms with tomato 3 different cheeses and a basil pesto spread. It's not something you usually find on a sports bar menu.  It was served with a side salad, which was all spring greens not cheap lettuce.  They have steaks and burgers and some other unique items.  And even though they were short staffed our food came out hot and fresh.As far as the atmosphere it's a huge place there is a bar area plenty of booths and tables.  They have Touch Tunes, which is cool cause you can download an app on your phone, and play songs directly from your table.  Being jamband fans this meant we could play songs from our favorite bands that aren't normally available on most jukeboxes.  The pricing is ridiculous but if you want to here good music it's a nice option.  They have one huge projector centered over the bar and several other plasmas around the place.  There is also a smoking patio with heaters and more plasmas.Overall this is a really nice sports bar with unique menu items that go above what you normally find at most sports bars.  It's got a great atmosphere and it's right down the street.  Can't wait to go back.
5	This place has good food not just your typical pub food. It's a bit more classy.
4	Good burger (BBQ). Bun was toasted and seemed to have a garlic toast flavor on the grilled area (garlic butter used to toast bun?). Burger itself was large and well cooked to order. Excellently flavored Gouda cheese used for this burger, along with some onion straws (nice thick ones like onion rings, not those dry wimpy ones). Great sandwich!  I chose a side salad with honey mustard which was excellent too! Fresh mixed greens with carrots, tomato, red onion. Other side options were fries or Asian slaw.Even better reason it was extra tasty? My friend Mark bought...THANKS MARK!  :)
3	This place is your average sports bar.  Good for beer....not so good for Margaritas.  The blue corn nachos taste really good, but the blue corn chips are not actual blue corn....but dyed corn tortilla chips.  Don't want to tell you how I know this, cuz it's gross.  We've only been here on Saturday afternoons while my son's at guitar.  There's usually only 1...maybe 2 people working.  Sometimes it takes a while for our order to be taken, but generally the service is good.  They have pool tables lots of televisions.  Overall, a decent place.
4	Good food and drink.  Nice neighborhood bar.
4	I didn't even know this place was here until my husband come home one day and said he ate a ghost pepper  After about a week of referring to him as "spice butt hole" he decided we should both go check out the place. When I got there I was pleased to see that he had invited a few of my friends and family to celebrate the start of my new business!  The group was of about 10 people and our server did a great job, our beer glasses were never empty, our food was yummy and quick and he separated the checks without any difficulty. I go places with groups often (like book club) and these things are important and all too often rare. It's not too far from home and a great place to just hang out. I recommend it and will be back!
5	This is the place to go. Wait don't go. It's perfect without you there. (if you do go, get the nachos!)
4	Good beer good price and great staff and friendly bartender!
5	We finally found our favorite Happy Hour spot!!GREAT food! Great beer, (unlike other spots in the area that only serve the same old tired domestic choices during happy hour), and great service!!After reading the many reviews about the nachos, they were the first thing we ordered. Thanks to everyone who posted on this tip! Our OMG meter hasn't peaked like this in a looong time. Other items ordered included the Habanero Burger, the BBQ Chicken Flatbread, the Spinach Dip, and the Chicken Quesadilla - all of which were utterly delicious and generous portions. Thanks, Bricks! We'll see you again real soon. ;)
3	Quiet little sports bar. Nothing too fancy, small menu, decent food. Waitress got three things wrong with the order but somehow still managed to charge for extra dressing.
2	Wings were not good. Tasted very bland. Friendly service though. Not too many people here. TV was way too loud for the amount of people. Not sure how the 'family friendly' fits in: it's just another sports bar with blah food.
2	Wings were not good. Tasted very bland. Friendly service though. Not too many people here. TV was way too loud for the amount of people. Not sure how the 'family friendly' fits in: it's just another sports bar with blah food.
2	Read alot of the reviews on here about how great this place was so we decided to try it. Our server was nice, but took forever to do anything. It took almost 30 minutes to get our food and it wasn't busy. Wings we ordered well done were far from it and greasy and pink in some areas. Nachos were good but overloaded with cheese and lacked flavor, and she charged me for salsa...seriously! The burger my kid ordered well done was medium rare, sent it back, came back super greasy and burnt. Grilled cheese sandwich is premade, I know this because I asked to alter it and she said I couldn't and they didn't have pickles either. How do u have burgers and sandwiches but no pickles?? The only awesome part were the fries, those were great. Sorely disappointed with service and food quality. I know its supposed to be bar food,  but I've had some great bar food and theirs is crap. How do u have premade grilled cheese? Never coming back here and I don't understand how people rate it so high! Don't waste your time here unless u plan on having fries and beer.
5	this chef can cook!  never had something I didnt like.  and the filet is to die for and very reasonably priced!
5	It's nothing fancy, but I'm a huge fan. Lots of TVs that the staff will gladly change to accommodate a sports fan. One of the few places in the valley that will show soccer games without being asked too.The staff is super friendly and know how to have a good time too. It's definately a good place to be a regular at, but they treat the first-timers just as good.For a sports bar, the food is super good. I'm a huge fan of the mac n cheese and I ask for some Habenaro paste in it just for the added heat. So good! The green chile burger is another yummy choice. And if you're ever in the mood for beer and wings, you're completely in luck!
2	My boyfriend and I tend to meet work friends here pretty often. Its quiet so that's why we like to go. It never seems to be too busy. The food is typical bar food, nothing really stands out but it is edible. The service is good if you are in the actual bar area, if you sit in the "outskirts" the seem to sometimes forget about you. We did have to wait quit awhile for our check.
5	Stopped in for a couple drinks and to pick up dinner to go.  Sat at the bar - bartender was friendly and poured decent drinks. Ordered the mac n cheese (no chicken or meat, just the green chilis), and it was RIDICULOUS. So freakin' good.  I dream about that mac n cheese now... wish I lived closer. Except I'd get it every week and my heart & cholesterol would not appreciate that.
4	We tried Brick's tonight and were very pleased! Erin was fabulous! We sat outside and never felt forgotten. My dozen wings will last me for days...huge portion. I ordered medium and was satisfied, not hot but a little kick. My guy ordered the green chili sliders and tater tots and loved both. I couldn't do the red meat but his tots were awesome! I highly recommend the pumpkin porter!
4	The food here has NEVER let me down.   Service last night was mediocre.   No settings on the tables, had to ask for basics like salt and pepper and don't give me the excuse of 'they're really busy in the kitchen' as a reason why you can't get me more of the sauce that's SUPPOSED to come with my meal!  And it would be nice of you brought those accompanying extras (like lemon for my fish) at the start of my getting it as opposed to 10 minutes into eating it.   That being said, the burgers are always awesome.   Sliders being counted as burgers.   When you ask for it medium rare it comes out that way!  Love that!   Wing sauces are great.   We've had multiple kinds of them and in the past they've made extra of their extra spicy ghost pepper sauce for my spouse to order.   The Asian slaw is great and we're going to try and make it from home and the fried fish was good, hot and tartar sauce good, too.   We'll definitely be back, but just know that service is below our standard.   And we'll tip accordingly (15% instead of 20% or 22%).  A little personality from your waitstaff (and promptness-  uh.... That is what TIPS stands for!) wouldn't kill them.   Additionally, we're thrilled to see a place be successful in this location.  This is the 4th place in this space in 7 years, so kudos for that.
1	Stopped in to try this place.  No hostess, no sign to say seat yourself.  Stood by the empty hostess stand for 10 minutes.  No employee made eye contact with me despite walking by on numerous occasions.  I left.  If they don't care enough to even seat their guests, then I don't care if I ever try it again.
4	My friends and I come here all the time.  The space is big and a great atmosphere for large groups or if you just want to enjoy some drinks with a couple of friends.  Happy hour prices are phenomenal and cheap especially if you get a stein of beer or a well-drink.  The TVs are perfect for anyone wanting to watch a sports match because they have a huge projector screen and a bunch of large TVs scattered all over the place.  The food is also great, and I have tried almost everything on the menu and love it all.  Some of my favorites are the BBQ salad, the cobb salad, the burgers are REALLY GOOD, the ribeye is surprisingly delicious and cooked perfectly (unlike a lot of other sports bars), and the appetizers are all good.  My one complaint that makes this place a four-start location instead of a five-star is that some of the waitresses are not very good at service and I have experienced a couple of them saying inappropriate things and being partial to certain guests.  However, if you're just looking to stop by and try the food and beer out this is a great place to come to.
5	Everyone always is friendly. The service is consistently great and the food is SO good.Freshly made. Great portions. Very nice casual atmosphere and comfy patio
5	Excellent service and food. The burgers are always amazing along with the fish & chips on fridays. I personally recommend the Bbq Burger & the Green Chili Mac and Cheese, food of the gods. Lots of screens to choose from and they always seem happy to switch to something you want to watch near your table.
3	I was hoping for a sports on par to Blue 32  but unfortunately it fell short. It is definitely more upscale than your average sports bar. It gets a A for that and the pool table plus foosball. There were under staffed but the service was still decent, albeit slow. We were disappointed in the food. Good but nothing I would make an effort to come back to. Wings, grilled artichoke and salmon cakes just ok. Maybe we should have tried the burgers. Maybe next time.
5	This is not typical bar food. High quality meat and ingredients prepared by the chef/owner. Between me and my husband we have tried almost everything and have never been disappointed. Not on East Mesa? Make the drive if you want great food. A few favorites: beer can chicken, BBQ burger, garden grilled cheese, and buffalo chicken sandwich. Sweet potato fries are a must!
2	Took over an hour and 20 minutes to get wings on a Sunday night. Place wasn't busy at all. Server apologized a few times and seemed like there may have been other issues, people not showing up for their shifts, bad scheduling, etc. Place not good enough to go back and try it all over again.
1	I've been here 4 times and each experience worse than the next. 2 of my visits I had a male server in his early 30's who seems to be stoned out of his mind. Takes FOREVER to get initial service and then an additional 5-10mins just to receive a beverage. One of my visits I didn't even receive my soda until my well done burger was served. The other 2 times I had a female waitress who had absolutely no answers for any questions my party had including something as simple as "do you have apple juice". Just brutal.
5	This is one of the best sports bars ever. The food is amazing as far as sports bars go. They have a lot of televisions and the place is fairly kid friendly.We come for the Cards game every week. The people are always friendly and the environment is open and laid back.
2	The place is very dark and divey.  The booth we sat in had torn upholstery.  The pool tables looked nice and the place had a good crowd at the bar just after 11am (that were discussing David Limbaugh's new book ??? ) plus a family at a table.  This wouldn't be my first choice for a family lunch but it isn't inappropriate.My friend had the bacon burger with waffle fries and the Asian slaw.  I had the grilled chicken sandwich with waffle fries.    We were surprised to see that the waffle fries were sweet potato but they were crispy and tasty.  My friend liked his burger, but they forgot to put the bacon on and brought it out in bowl, the bacon was obviously overcooked and hard.  The chicken sandwich was well cooked but had a slightly overpowering grill flavor and could have used some kind of sauce.  My friend enjoyed the slaw. My Left Hand Lager was good.This doesn't sound too bad so why two starts?  The servers were both friendly but inattentive.  I sat with an empty glass for a long time, and it took forever to get the bill and be rang up.  The prices were also too high for the atmosphere.  It was $36 for our lunch, Guinness is $6 a pint.  Monday is $1.50 PBRs but it wasn't Monday and I don't like PBR.  Theme restaurant prices, poor service and a dive bar don't add up to regular stop for me.
1	If it weren't for the great food, this place wouldn't deserve a star. The place was vacant and we still had terrible service, slow food delivery (30 minutes!), and forgotten drinks. Seems as though the waitresses would rather be on their phones than tend to customers. Doubt we will return.
2	This was my 3rd visit, so I can give a really fair review....The atmosphere is a 3 star at best, much too LOUD for sure.My first couple of visits were a 2 and a 4, so still a 3 average for my previous visits..But, today.... Wow..... I ABSOLUTELY LOVE SPICY FOOD. I eat Thai, Mexican and Eastern Indian all the time. So that being said.... Today was the first time I have ever NOT eaten a piece of meat due to it being overly ridiculously spicy hot. I ordered the spicy pineapple teriyaki burger, it was basically not even edible, but I trudged through half of it hoping it would get better, it did not.My bro got the habanero burger and had had it many times previously and also likes super spicy, his too was over the top hot.The waitress forgot beverages, ketchup, salad dressing, didn't refill drinks in a timely manner.I'm not hating, just being truthful, I want to like the place....When we mentioned that my burger was not edible, no response (or discount), just took my plate and left with the other half that I didn't eat....I won't return here, but I can see where some of the food is good and if you are into a dark divey bar for a drink and a game, give it a try. I'm more of a foody and when I go out I want something tasty and filling.....
3	Been here a few times. I like the ambiance of the place overall. I think I get frustrated by the food usually.  I'm a big foodie so when the menu looks pretty good I'm let down when it's not quite what I conjured up in my head. Mind you the food isn't bad at all I fact it's quite good and apparent that someone in the kitchen knows "how to cook". Sometimes I'm not sure what it is but I think it may have to do with seasoning for the food. I once had the Mac and cheese and it was great but there was very low to no salt in the dish which left it incomplete and unsatisfying.  No I'm not a salter, only thing I add salt to after cooking is my eggs and fries. That's it and in cooking many times I half what's called for in recipes.  The wings are usually really good and like the different sauces available. Beer is yummy and cold. Last time I was their I enjoyed eating a bite and sipping a beer with my hubby and watching a guy try to pick up a girl, didn't go so well,..... To funny! Thanks Bricks!
4	Really good food! Good service! The chicken sliders are super amazing! It's a very laid back atmosphere.
1	Must need more help. My first time here. Sitting at the bar watching the football game took 15 minutes to get a pint.
