5	I have been letting Alex give me a straight razor shave in 3 different locations congratulations to him for finally getting his own place. He is very talented with the razor
5	Friendly, clean, professional and quick. Rob hooked me up with a nice fade and straight razored the neckline. I'll be back again in 2 weeks.
5	I've been in Vegas for 6 months now and have been cutting my own hair in order to save money and because I miss my old barber shop back in California and thought that there was no way I'd find an equally awesome spot out here in Nevada. For whatever reason I decided to get all prettified and get a real hair cut. So I drove around until I saw The Mane Barber Shop and boy am I glad I did!There was no wait as Alma quickly sat me down and offered me a drink. I politely declined as I'm not sure that they were complimentary. I explained that I needed a quick fade and she began to work.Very old school barber skills mixed with a trendy upscale shop makes this place a definite win in my book. They cut my hair with their clippers, straight razor shaved my neck and sideburns, added a warm towel over my face and finished me off with some after shave for my buzzed new look.The cut was more than I'm used to paying: $19! Luckily I had a twenty and let her keep the buck tip. Kinda feel bad that I didn't have more cash on hand to give a better tip but at $19 bucks a pop, I was lucky I could have paid it as I don't often keep much cash on me. Anyhoo, I will definitely be frequenting this spot again in 2 to 3 weeks.
5	No waiting. The location was well decorated and lit. The experience was very relaxing. I got a very nice haircut, and it only cost me $17.
5	This place is awesome!  Clean, modern decor, professional and Rob gives my boyfriend the BEST haircuts. He even followed him here from where he used to be. Top notch barber shop for sure.
5	My husband went in today to try a new barber i yelp an found this location fairyly close to us he got a 3.5 on top and fade. He looks so handsome. There are nice people and he got his cut by a tattooed guy forgot his name... Point is he Loved it. About 35 with tip but he was happy with his cut . Its a very clean place. I did notice one girl working here. Deff would recommend u to give it a try..
5	Great barber shop. Very professional and excellent quality. Rob the barber is the best at Pomps and just about any cut you need. I have been going to Rob for over a year and hands down best cuts every time.
5	Love this place.  Alex really knows what he's doing and I always get a nice cut consistently.  Nice guy also.  Highly reccomend.
5	This shop is the go-to spot when you need to get your cut looking just right.  The staff are professional, the shop is clean and the service is on point. I go see Alex for a fade when I want to step out and impress. His attention to detail is what makes the difference between The Mane and every other barber shop in Las Vegas.
5	By far this is the best barber shop in the south west. Ask for Alex
5	Alex is GREAT: professional, polite, efficient and FAST. He does an excellent job on my son's fade. The cut looks very handsome fresh out the chair and grows in nice, too. I know my son likes the hot towel treatment, and I like that his fade looks neat and current without being too chisled (read: no sharp hairlines/necklines or pinstripe sideburns). Great value for the service: $17 and Alex is worth an appreciative tip. PLUS THEY TAKE CREDIT CARDS. AND THEY ARE OPEN ON MONDAYS. That convenience alone warrants the extra star to put them at a 5.
5	Stopped in for a shave today. Nice place, and a great shave! I'll definitely be back.
5	Nice lil joint. Friendly barbers great atmosphere. I don't normally put reviews but  I had a great hair  cut and really got my money's worth.  Highly recommended.
5	Finally found a good barber shop in SW Vegas. Had brad as my barber. Great guy, had a great conversation with him. Cut was on point. My hair was messed up from previous cuts but brad straightened it out. A little damage had to be done to the length in order for both sides to grow out evenly but I knew that already, and hearing brad tell me this let me know that he knew what he was doing. As much as I can help it, I will be coming back to this place. 10 years (or as he put it, half of my life) in the business really means everything. Good on you bud.
4	A little late in writing the review of this place but it was worth it. I had came to Vegas to meet a customer for my company.  I had planned on getting my hair cut before I left from Tampa before hand, however time conflicts prevented me from doing so. I flew in on Sunday as the meeting was for Monday morning.  There was no way I was going to meet with a customer with the way my hair was.  So I scanned and scrambled all over the internet to find a shop that was open on a Sunday.  I had gone through and actually visited about 3 places that had said online that they were open on Sundays. Each of those places were closed.Running out of options and getting desperate, I decided to try this place out.  I was sure glad that I did not give up.   The place was open, clean and had barbers on staff.  The place was packed, but I waited and ended up getting a cut from the owner of the shop.He told me that the shop had been open a few months but from the bodies in the shop, it looked like they place was a huge hit with the locals.  Owner seemed motivated and genuinely happy to be there late on a Sunday.  I ended up getting my cut and was thankful for the place being open and the professionalism of the owner.I would certainly visit this place if I am in Vegas and in need of a fresh cut!!
5	While in Vegas for my wedding, I decided to get a quick trim away from the strip. The Mane Barber Shop, a newly opened old-school-styled shop, fit the bill. Dude with the tats workin' the third chair on the right did an excellent job. I wish my regular barber here in California did that good of a job. Bravo, sir.... Bravo.
5	Really a great place for a haircut.  Unlike many other places they take credit/debit cards and are open on Sundays.  The barbers here really take their time to do a good job.  The shop is very new and clean.  They use air to clean up and it works really good.  I will always go here now.
5	This is the place for any man that wants a tight cut from guys that know what they're doing! Rob- the badass barber- formerly of hi rollers is my guy although Eric and Brad, also from hi rollers can dial you in with any style cut you're looking for... These guys are legit!! I won't go anywhere else and confidently suggest The Mane Barber Shop to anyone! Almost forgot... Alex can lay down an incredible cut too... Enjoy!
4	I've gone to the Mane twice and have been happy with both haircuts. I've had two different people cut my hair and it seems like everyone there has lots of experience. The only thing I wasn't totally satisfied with was the straight razor shave. It wasn't terrible but I've had better.
2	Hot guys cutting hair and hot guys waiting to get their haircuts... that was about the only good thing. Alex cut my hair. Nice guy, but he's too slow. All the barbers talk a lot and from what I saw, they can't multitask, cause they had to stop cutting hair in order to get their chat on. I was in the barber's chair for about 30 mins and that's way too long for my easy haircut. Too much time was spent on the buzz part (which is the easiest cause clippers were used) and he didn't cut my hair evenly - he texturized it and I didn't ask him to do that. It was disappointing. If you're looking to go to a hip and cool barbershop where the barbers have tattoos, this is the place for you. I, myself, am more interested in the cutting technique.
4	Every time we come here the store is immaculately clean!And they always have something interesting to watch on TV. which is great for me while I'm waiting for my husband to get cut, they also sell the pomade my husband prefers, Layrite. Since moving to Las Vegas we have been to High Rollers, Elliot and Co. another place (I forget the name) and this place. The first couple of times we came here he received a pretty good haircut. Wasn't the best he has had (we previously lived in Phoenix) but better than the other places we have been to in Las Vegas. (Especially when you factor in the wait time/inconsistency at High Rollers. And "OK" cuts at other places).We have only had one bad experience here, The last time we came, hubby was in a rush and ended up only getting his neck cleaned up, and the sides by his ears, the guy doing his hair didn't understand what he wanted which I thought was pretty simple. One side looked clean and the other looked untouched. The guy also cut him, he had a long thick abrasive scratch on one side of his neck that was bleeding when we left and stayed red for a few days. Even aside from the one bad experience, this place is pretty good.The ONLY complaint that I could have about this place and why I gave 4 stars, is that the owner doesn't seem very friendly. Which can make you feel uncomfortable. I feel like every time we come here we've walked into a party we weren't invited to.Overall, it's more consistent than other places at a decent price.
5	After months of barbershop hopping in Vegas. I finally found a true barber shop. These guys are legit. Clean shop, clean tapered cut and no matter who cuts your hair you will be pleased.
1	I've had my hair cut here impeccably a few times; however, I waited nearly an hour and a half, I signed in and requested two people who've cut my hair very well in the past, and there were three people who arrived after me who were called for their haircuts, leaving me to believe these barbers deliberately skipped me. Giving this a one star review is being fair enough for the time wasted.
5	Only a 2 time customer so far, but im hooked. Each time I had a different barber, and both times i left happy with the haircut, service, wait time, and price.
1	I called Alma at 2pm and asked her if she could cut my hair at 2:30 & she said "yes". When I got to the barber shop she said she was doing her last haircut then she was leaving. So it went from from her being able to cut my hair to her changing her mind and not being able to cut my hair. I left the barber shop and drove 1 mile then decided to go right back and have someone else cut my hair.  when I got back to the barber shop I noticed that Alma did not leave like she told me she was, and, I noticed that she was giving an entirely different person a haircut when she told me that previous guy was her last haircut. She lied to me!!! I was looking at her in disbelief at what I was seeing when we suddenly made eye contact,she made this face like, "oh, shit!" I couldn't believe what I was seeing and I immediately got upset. I decided to leave and never return to that place. Alma is irresponsible and inconsiderate. F THE MANE (LAME) BARBER SHOP!!!
5	So glad that London is at mane barbershop now! This kid gives the freshest fades in town. I seriously wouldn't trust my hair with anyone else in Las Vegas which is why I've followed him from the past 2 shops he's been at. Mane is my new spot! And it just so happens to be pretty close to my house so that's a definite plus..
5	The Lord has answered my prayers. London has finally arrived. Heard that he was going to start there and when I went in the first time he wasn't there. Now he is. Boy does the nastiest fades. I've been following him everywhere he goes. Ask for the London Fog special. He'll have you leaving extra crisp. He's true to his customers. If for some reason he couldn't give you a cut, he'll personally call you and do you right. Hope he drops his anchor at this shop because I can literally walk there.
5	So my friend Mike decides he is coming to Vegas for his birthday from Seattle for the weekend. I picked him up from McCarran, and I could not believe he thought he could get away with the mop that was growing on his head, at least not if he thought he was going to kick it with me. Luckily for me, I have a few friends in town who stay fresh to death by seeing the best barber in Las Vegas, so I had to take him to see him ASAP. This barbers' name is London and he is new to The Mane Barber Shop on S Fort Apache!! Needless to say London killed it with the illest fade in the southwest (shit; northwest, central, eastside... anywhere in Las Vegas) and the hard line (part) up top, which I'm pretty sure got my friend laid that night (not by me). Now, London is the cockiest shit you will ever meet, but he is honest; he is the freaking best! Mike was resistant at first, but is now convinced he needs to make more trips to Vegas just to get his haircut. Any guys I know get sent to London. If you don't know, now you know. What are you waiting for?! Get going suckas! ;)
5	ALMA! OH ALMA!!!So I've been to a few different salons for little Santiago. He's always had a haircut for a little boy, but now, he's a man! He needed a manly haircut!My friend took him here some time ago and he got him cut up really nice, at the time I was loyal to my stylist but she wasn't cutting it... HAHA.Fast forward 6 months and we come here for a cut, the wait times are sometimes about an hour, BUT IT IS WORTH IT! The first time Eric (tattooed guy) did his hair and I was happy with it, this time Alma did it and blew me away! She knows her barber game better than anyone I know. Her fades are perfect and her line game is amazing! Straight with no stray hairs! She's def a perfectionist! She can cut thick Mexican hair with ease and does a great job with kids!The price right now is 18$, but will go up to 20$ in June. I normally would never pay that much for a cut, especially for an 8 year old, but change is always good! 10000 YAY's!!
1	Again, I've given this place another try. Great timing, almost immediately seen as I walked-in. But Eric ruined the side of my head with the hot shave.I hadn't noticed at first, he applied hair gel so poorly that the hair gel had dried up and left blue and white specs all over my head.It was until I got home and washed out the hair gel that I noticed the biggest mess up I've ever had done to my hair.I called ten or fifteen minutes after I left the barber shop, he said he had no idea as to what I was referring to when I mentioned his mess up. You can't not know what I was talking about, especially when you're the one who is supposed to pay close attention to the hair you're cutting, especially with a razor. Unacceptable. Never again!Never.If you decide to get your hair cut. Ask for a mirror this way, the barber knows you're paying attention to what's being done.
1	I came in to get cleaned up around the sides and neck. There were a lot of people in the shop and they had some good reviews on Yelp so I felt confident that they would do a good job. Worst cut ever! The sides above my ear are different lengths and don't blend into the top part of my head. He also shaved too much around my ears creating a huge gap between my ears and hairline. Then they charged me for a full haircut ($20) even though he didn't touch the top of my head. Now I have to go somewhere else to get it fixed.
5	I have had my hair done at many of the very prestigious salons and barber shops in the Las Vegas area and I must tell you that LONDON KEIL is the absolute best barber in Las Vegas and quite possibly the best barber in the United States. He is consistent and his precision is flawless. I have sent numerous friends to him and he has made all of them look slick, fresh, and dapper. London is a master of his craft. Request LONDON KEIL. He will make you look the best you have ever looked in your life.
5	I'm new to Vegas and it's been hard to find a great barber that can cut African American hair. I came across London & I couldn't be more pleased. He's great with fades, lineups, and overall great hair cuts. On top of that, he's very personable and knowledgeable about his craft. I highly recommend this guy!!!
5	I went in with no experience and left with a sweet new hairstyle. I'm new to all this barber stuff and had no idea what to do with my hair except that I wanted to keep some length up top. I was set up with London, I think. And he was able to set me up with a niiiiiice haircut. I didn't know London is an often sought barber at this shop so I'm glad I got lucky when I went. He made my lady real proud n happy and I tipped the dude an extra 25% cause I could tell he knew his craft. Props to the shop and definitely recommend this place. I'll be back for sure.
5	If you are looking for a fresh cut, this is the place to be. I always get Alma to do my hair she has the softest touch when using the razors.
5	Crazy good fades! Hot towel facial shave. Really fast service! Low price, great cut.
5	The guys at The Mane are great. My son and I continue to be happy customers. They are always friendly and professional.
4	Very good barber shop. Eric and rob hook me up and do real good. I'll go with either one is free first. I'm sure the whole staff is good. Don't go weekend afternoons, I have had to wait for a hour for a haircut a few times I been there, and they don't do appointments. Best barber shop I been to that's why there so busy on weekend.
4	Awesome barbershop! Took my son here because I had  taken him to a regular haircut place and it was jacked up! Way to go mom!!! (Lol) My hubby goes here so decided to take my son..... Well I should have gone here first! There is one lady there and she hooked it up! She fixed my sons hair and gave him the comb over!!! Yay!!! It was bomb!!!! London is awesome too! They were really great on handling my crazy,  paranoid mom eyes beaming down on them! Haha! They have great hair gels and do clean edge ups!!  Won't take my son any where else but "The Mane" barbershop!
1	Came in at 5:30 and they close at 6 but was told that they couldn't cut my hair because they had too much people. Usually normal good companies accept customers until they close. But not this one. What a jack ass. His name was Alex. I would have been more than willing to wait and tip double what I would usually had. But that's cool. My tip will go to the next barber who does my hair. Thanks Alex. What a jack ass
4	This has been my barbershop since arriving in LV.All the stylists that I have had have been really good. It is set up on a "first come/first serve" basis. So try to go in off hours. 1+ hour wait is pretty standard. I have waited over 2 on a busy day.But once you are seated, excellent service starts. Simple, crisp, haircuts, fades. They are all pretty talented with current barber cuts.
5	This place is always packed and you are going to have to wait but it's for good reason.  Always walk out of there feeling sharp.  A+
3	Great barber shop. Been going here since they open and other barbers in the area don't match up to these guys. Unfortunately I'm going to have to find somewhere else to get my haircut. The wait here is just too long and I am too busy and I don't have enough time to wait almost 2 hours. Maybe the morning time would be a lot quicker and I will go if I'm able to go in the morning. These guys are great best barbers I've ever had I just wish they would except appointments
4	Been here twice.  Henry did a fantastic job on my hair, Alma not so much.  Would not use her again.  As other have said, the wait time can be long.
