5	Ahh Long Wongs.. How I miss your raunchy sewer smell and famous wings. Sneaking in to see bands when I was 19 and getting served. You ruled and I miss you.
4	Good wings only $6.50. Draft  beers $2 import $3. happy hour  4 to 6 pm  2 for 1 on beers.
4	Last night found memories of the the old Mill location were relived.Full bar, live music, quick service, cheap booze, and those crack like wings. I went with hopes that it would not be a huge disappointment and luckily it was far from it. For a place which just opened on Tuesday they had their act together. At 6:30 on a sat the place was already at 75% capacity.Their wings are actually hot so make sure you order accordingly. Many wing spots in the valley you have to get "super, atomic, suicide" whatever they call it to actually get some heat. This location their standard hot will bring the heat you probably want. The Inferno here will get you... twice ;)Pros:Cheap Food/BoozeHot Wings are actually hotFor those lucky enough great location right off the light railCons:Damn light rail makes vehicle accessibility a painGoing to be very very noisy in there once they hit peak popularity. But hey.. its a bar..Skimpy useless napkins in low volume. Get some real napkins and provide some of those "Moist Towelette / Wet Nap" for the end of the meal.
2	I'll have to completely agree with RB, except maybe RB was a bit to nice.I've given this location three tries (in as many weeks). All three have been horrible. The food does not live up to any other long wongs I've been to. The paper plates and veggies in a baggie leave a lot to be desired. They don't have many of the items in the menu. Not to mention the "Oh, we don't take credit cards yet (like our menu and signs say), but we will give you a dollar off because our ATM costs a dollar." It's just bad. Sorry to say, I won't be back (and I live just two blocks away, bummer). Actually, I'd probably give it another try in six months or so, but, I expect that it won't be here.Yes, I'm excited about live entertainment in the neighborhood. But, can't deal with the rest.I updated my review from 1 star to two based on the live entertainment option.
2	Other reviews of this "Long Wong's" can be found here:http://www.yelp.com/biz/long-wongs-tempe-3Including my 2 star review. I updated it from 1 because of the live music.
2	Poor Bill. He was really craving wings yesterday, and rather than stop at one of the nearby favorites, we checked Yelp to point us in the direction of the best wings in town. We wanted to try Long Wongs, after reading some reviews that said many people considered the wings here as their favorite. We again, for whatever reason, decided to pass on a few closer LW's to experience the one in Tempe. It was easy to find, and at 3:30 in the afternoon there was no issue parking. So far, so good. We decided to sit t the bar, like we often do, and I think that was our best decision of the whole trip, because the bartender was fantastic. I wish I would have asked her name, because she's the only reason LW's gets 2 stars instead of one. Bill and I both ordered a beer on tap and looked over our (paper, printout) menus. There were a few things that sounded good to me but I wanted to stick with the plan, so I got a dozen boneless wings and Bill got a dozen bone-in. He got half hot and half garlic parmesan, and I got half spicy BBQ and half garlic parm as well. No one gave me a hard time for ordering chicken nuggets with sauce, so I once again figured "so far, so good." Our food came out in styrofoam containers and solo cups, along with plastic bags of what would be carrot sticks if they were twice as fat, and some ranch dressing (in solo cups) to dip them in, I anyone even bothered. The garlic parm sauce bears a curious resemblance to plain old ranch dressing. Don't bother. The hot sauce and the spicy BBQ were ok. Nothing great. The boneless wings made me feel like a kid. At least BW3 serves something breaded, and roughly the size of the big kid's wings. Bills wings were kind of small, and he said they were overcooked. If it matters to any wing fans, he got mostly wings; one one drummie of each sauce. He was happy with the ratio, or at least he would have been were they better. We won't be back for food. If there's any small chance either of us go back at all, it's because we're in the area and want to have a beer, but even then we might just pick one of the dozens of other bars in the area.
2	After all the hype about Long Wong's and The Most Amazing Wings, Like, Ever, this place was a sore disappointment.  I went for happy hour as they were advertising 2-for-1 appetizers, and I'd been craving some fried shrimp, only to discover that the 2-for-1 applied only to one particular menu item.It was early when we got there, and the place was nearly empty.  We sat at a table for about ten minutes waiting for the bartender/waitress to take our order, but this never happened, and it certainly wasn't because we were hiding from her.  We ended up ordering our wings and drinks at the window. The fried shrimp was okay, but over cooked.   Were the wings good?  Sure.  FANTASTIC?  Not even.  The ranch was watered down to the point that it dripped off the wings and the carrot sticks were scrawny, floppy, and dry.  There's no way they had been cut any time in the last two days.The place is decorated with crap found at Goodwill.  Not usually a bad thing, but is in this case.  There's a tiny stage in one corner, but I won't be back to see who plays it.  To top it off, a family with a gaggle of children came in before we left, and were given menus and served almost immediately.Overall?  Mediocre bar food, mediocre happy hour prices, poor service and atmosphere.  Meh.
1	This place is really bad. Bad food and bad service. Do yourself a favor and go to The Vine instead. It's just down the street. Don't get the wings or sliders here for sure.
4	As I am not a Tempe native, or really even a true phoenix native i cannot claim to truly appreciate the Long Wong's legacy, nor can i hold dear any thoughts of past LW's locations famous and infamous alike.So, I like to think that my view of their new locale along the light rail's snaking path is, a relatively unbiased view of the place.Last night we rode our bikes thru the cool humid night air and damp streets- across the deserted campus and to the sheltering arms of L.W.'s; the bands were setting up and the rains were slowly receding. The chattering youths and hip older crowd all merged in the bustle of a night of music, food, and the camaraderie of shared experiences in beer and music. Faces emerged known and yet to be met, as the rounds were made. After countless domestic drafts, all at moderate prices, and cigarettes puffed in the rain; the natural response was hunger! I ordered: a chicken quesadilla for only $3.50! The wings here are supposedly legendary, not being a wing man myself, i did however, witness a wing eating competition; in which my friend won. The ambience of the place was great! It was hard to leave! The rains poured and my soggy bike was the only means of transporting my wretchedly drunk and tired flesh back to the harbour of my home.I really enjoyed this new L.W.'s location as a good little venue, with ample room, and a small parking lot as well. It's a place that can accomodate a large spectrum of revellers and I will gladly be coming back any time.
5	Great pizza. For a bar to have this quality pizza is rare. Wings are actually good amd im not a wing guy. Got Inferno and spicy bbq both great. They do give moist towelettes with your wings. Not the best beer selection but, im not picky. Great music, live bands, great staff 4.5 stars
4	So the other day I decided that I needed to get out of my house. Stirred crazy I was. So's I's calls up some of the fellas from the ol' neighborhood and says "Yo!" A few hours later I walk in with the least socially adept and sure to rub someone's fur the wrong way if he's left unattended of my friends this evening. Straddling a couple of open stools at the corner of the bar we ordered a couple 12oz. cans of America's Best for 1.50$ each and tried not to stare too much at the bartender who seem to have been missing a couple of buttons from her top. What a slob. Either sew on new buttons or buy a new shirt, gah! Where am I? Later we noticed that the buttons were there and that she had probably forgotten to button them up. Then I kinda felt bad for not letting her know because I've done that with my flies before and it can be a little embarrassing. The place is awkwardly laid out. I think the interior designers were going for a little retro fear of the marketplace/junkyard/auto-shop kind-of thing and they really succeeded. Don't yell fire for kicks in this place. Elbow room people, elbow room! However little of of the poop on the walls succeeded in grabbing my attention long enough to notice details. Picture frames with stuff in them??? I'm guessing some sort of picture? I do recall there not being a bar at the bar. Why do bars do this? My favorite part of a bar is that little foot bar below the elbow/drink part. My feet miss that bar or step every time there isn't one there. There's also small stage crammed into another corner (this place had an abundance of corners) and a live band that was setting up when we sat down. More often than not a plus, this was one of the more often times.I wander outside to the patio the long way around and grab a seat at an empty table. Ahhhh patio!!! It's very intimate (that means small) with an old coffee can for the cotton/fiberglass butts set on one of the 4 tables. While I'm smoking some of the drunken neighborhood fauna wanders in off the street with his own flask of finest paint-thinner whiskey wrapped in a black plastic bag and bums a fag from me. After which he offers to 2 Valium for the rest of the pack I had and I politely declined. He then he asked what I would think if he just took my cigarettes and stole my money. So I thought about it and replied with a punch to his throat... oh wait no... I said something about not really needed the smokes but I kinda needed the money. After telling me (or maybe it was some sort of warning. I laughed so eye dee kay???) he had been in the pen (he told me that meant penitentiary) and some other things he offered one of the Valium to me for free. All of this in about 10 - 15 minutes of time. THIS PLACE IS AWESOME! For realleeees! Go here! Worth the price of cheap beer!Shortly after he offered me that last blue the other 2 friends arrive and they all make it out to the patio with their beverages. A fair amount of lesser drama happened until the topper of the evening. This women bursts out of Long Wongs onto the patio and throws over a chair (that to be honest, she could have maneuvered around with very little effort) yelling f this place and f you and rawr! rawr! rawr! That probably would have been the end of her except some chivalrous young man noticed that the flung chair had hit another girl on the patio and thought it proper to stand up for her. This of course would not be stood for by the thrower of the chair and she let everyone in the neighborhood know. She is a crip mfer and we on the patio and the neighborhood doesn't know her. She repeated this several times for all the new cars that would pass by. She also hit Sir Galahad on his head with her boot which she had taken off earlier in her patio rant. Again... THIS PLACE IS AWESOME! For realleeees! Go here! Worth the price of cheap beer! Next time I will try the food at this new location. The old location's wings were fairly ok. 4 stars for the entertainment and cheap beer. I will update when I eat there.Ooow! They also have dollar you-call-it drinks for a minute after a fire engine rushes by with its sirens on. Winner, winner chicken dinner!
3	Decent wings and pizza, slow service.  We tried some medium and teriyaki wings, and a Provence, France pizza.  The medium wing sauce was just right- not too spicy, not too sour, as buffalo wings can sometimes get too vinegary.  The wings themselves are more crunchy than fall-off-the-bone moist.  The teriyaki wing sauce was also pretty good- not too sweet, with just the right amount of sauce coating the wing.  The pizza was decent- very large portions with a good amount of toppings on a thin-crust base.  Service was, as stated, pretty slow.  This was in part probably due to the bar being understaffed that night, but I had to personally go find the waitress who was at the bar to get my order in, since we had been waiting, and waiting, and waiting, for her to come to our table to take our order.
5	When I moved to Tempe to attend law school in 1993 I was sent with one bit of advice from a former Sun Devil:  Eat wings at Long Wongs on Mill Avenue, but be off the Street by 2 am!Within hours of arriving in Tempe I tasted my first LW wings and washed them down with ice cold draught beer.  Many flavor selections for both wings and beer as well as an abundance of other pub fare.A fellow un-named Marine buddy of mine ordered the "Suicide" flavored wings trying to either impress me or the bar wenches, but he only made it to wing #2 before downing the pitcher of beer and racing to get other refreshment to stop the burning.If you can't make it to the Mill Ave location try any of the other Phoenix area locations of the mini-chain, but beware of the Suicide wings!
4	Long Wong's is a staple that anyone who has lived in Phoenix for a decent amount of time should know about. They simply have the tastiest wings in town. Growing up I remember my favorite meals being the nights I could convince my parents to get take out wings from the location in Maryvale. I got a wild hair the other day to ride the train over to tempe for dinner, and select my location on the train ride there. After arguing, drawing straws, flipping coins, and playing short rounds of roshambo, we finally decided on Long Wong's.This location is in a somewhat weird part of town, you've got your meth trailer parks, student housing, and nice older neighborhoods all together. Inside, it's a dive bar basically, and a very dirty looking one at that. I appreciated the place for what it is, but keeping it from that fifth star is the lack of cleanliness. The food here is essentially bar food, serving pizzas, wings, sandwiches, burgers, fries, etc. It's all on the "decent" or "good enough" level with the exception of the wings which are tremendous. If you order the pizza, prepare yourself for a really greasy mess, which is obvoiusly low quality, but it is tasty. Service was spotty on our visit, but only because the bar was somewhat busy, and they only had one person working the bar/restaurant. We really enjoyed the "FIRE!!!" special, which is any drink in the bar you want, for just $1 when a fire truck goes by with the sirens on. I enjoyed my Jack Daniel's Single Barrel on rocks for a buck.
5	I love eating at Long Wong's, especially at the Old Firehouse. The wings are the real macoy. I come from back East and to me, "wings" should not have breading on them like fried chicken. They should be fried so their skins are crispy, without any breading. The meat inside should be fully cooked, but still moist. The sauce drips off and comes at hot as you can handle. The hot dogs are the best tasting dogs in town. My son has problems choosing between the dogs and wings. They also have live entertainment on many nights. Love, Love, Love this place!
4	Just got some takeout from Long Wong's this evening. They had a special going on so we got a pizza with 12 hot wings and 12 honey bbq wings. I would take LW wings over BWW and Native wings any. day. And they're hot are actually hot, so if you're not into that I would suggest the mild version. The pizza was super greasy but once we got some of it off it made for a pretty delicious meal. I can't say much about the inside or the service since I didn't pick it up, but I'll definitely remain a fan a Long Wong's.
3	I've gone a few times recently because one of my good friend has been doing shows here. They do a good job of putting on shows showcasing local talents. There is always good music playing.I have heard a lot about the wings so on my last visit I decided to try some. There was nothing remarkable about them. I don't know what the hype is. They are typical average wings. I also had a slider my friend ordered and thought they tasted like mcdonalds hamburger. My friend agreed. Drinks are on the cheap here and that is probably more of my concern here than the food. All drinks are $1 anytime a fire truck passes by with the sirens on which I've been lucky to score at least once on each visit. On normal times, they are pretty inexpensive as well.
3	Me and my friends went on Friday night. We sat on the table and nobody come to our table. After we decide to ask to the bar, they said that we have to order the food at the cashier and then sit. The place is full of pictures and logos on the walls. Its really cool for guys hangout! The beer only $1.50 for happy hour.We ordered normal chicken wings and spicy chicken wings. It tasted good! The minus was there is not different between spicy and regular flavor. Its not kicking enough.We ordered pizza too, thin one. It was good! The slider was not great for us, its like something missing in the flavor. The burger was warm, the bread is cold or fine. The place was quite pack with tables and chairs plus crowded of people suddenly came after 9pm, maybe because of the live music every Friday. Overall, I might be going back for the chicken wings and pizza but definitely not for slider and will not on Friday night because of too crowded and make me sweating. Friday night is definitely for people hang out ...lol not for eating...
4	We went on a Thursday night, which happened to be open mike night.  It was packed!  We barely found a spot at the bar.  The place itself is quite large with lots of different 'areas' to hang out in.  The open mike night was a lot of fun and I'm glad we happened upon it.  Even our bartender got up to sing and he was awesome... probably the most talented of all the brave souls playing that night!Drinks are really quite cheap and it wasn't even happy hour time.  Also every time a fire truck goes by (its adjacent to the fire department) drinks are $1 for fifteen minutes!  Pretty cool and appropriate special that they have enacted! The wings were actually quite good... at least crispy and not completely lathered in sauce.  Definitely more of a dive bar with random posters etc all over the walls and no frills to speak of but its also not that ghetto or intimidating.  It definitely suites a younger crowd and has bands playing there regularly.  Overall a really nice and necessary alternative to Mill Ave.... Tempe needs more bars like this!
1	the food here is garbage. It is nastier than their dirty menus, dirtier than the dredlocked girl picking her nose serving it. The bar is like a beer slip and slide. The only highlight of this place are the underage hipsters that flock to this place because, of the horrible service. I would rather eat a razor blade than dine here, and I would much rather bend over backward and spank myself than ever go to another show here. This place can kiss the middle region of my ass.
1	Slow!  and not worth the wait
4	I like dive bars. I like bars that have smoking patios. I like bars that have cheap drinks. I like bars that have silly gimmicks like $1 drinks when a fire truck goes by. Therefore - I like Long Wong's. I've never eaten the food other then fries but I watched my friend inhale a hot dog that she swears saved her evening and allowed her to continue drinking until dawn. The fries were good, the basket only made it around the table once. Great live music and even though it's a fairly small venue, the bands I've seen have not tried to over compensate by playing way too loud. A couple pin ball machines and even a baseball themed once that spits out baseball cards if you win.
4	Cool little dive bar located at an old fire station.  The decor is interesting and the $1 shot special whenever a firetruck with sirens passes by gives this place character.  They usually have live bands during the night and their food (hotdogs, pizza, & wings) is decent and inexpensive.
5	Long Wong's at the Firehouse has an appeal all its own. I've been a regular customer since they opened and I find myself repeatedly returning. Tempe's live music scene lives and breathes in this restaurant. In fact, I'd consider it more of a venue than anything else. The food and drinks are quality for the price - but I find myself coming back for the atmosphere, the character and the culture of Long Wong's.
5	We used a 'deal' from the internet and went for the wings but found out the pizza is awesome.  Went on a lazy Sunday and it was perfect.  The staff (ok, so it was one person) was terrific and we've gone back since.  The whole family loved it.
1	Terrible!!! What have you done with the original long wongs!?
1	Oh where to begin...I got a special off groupon.com. dine in only.. yes it was a great deal but when I arrived to Long Wongs, the great deal went to sh*t! The place was dark and dirty. The kitchen didn&#39;t even have the lights on. There were only about 10 tables to sit at and a bar. The bartender Jenni was extremely unfriendly, short, rude, slow, and had an attitude. She acted like she didn&#39;t want to be there and that she was doin us a favor. She never acknowledged that I was at the bar waiting to for service and to order. There were only 4 guys at the bar so it wasn&#39;t like she was super busy. I had to say excuse me for her to come greet me. I asked her if there was a happy hour because we wanted cocktails while we waited for our food and she said no. Found out from a patron at the bar while waiting 5 mins for to go boxes that it was happy hour. We ordered more food on top of what our groupon.com coupon gave us and she forgot to ring it up and then had the nerve to have an attitude with us about it. NO apologizes were even given. She never smiled, said thank u, how may I help u, have a nice day...nothing! She was awful! Our table was so dirty and dusty! The wings were extremely dry. The pizza was soggy and greasy. When I lifted my piece of pizza up, the cheese and tons of grease ran off of the slice. The beer was so warm I had to ask the bartender for ice to put in it. I have bartended and served for 13 years and have NEVER had an experience like this. This is hands down one of the nastiest places ever!! I now see why they ran a groupon special! They needed to get people in there some how!
1	Okay, I was only in the joint long enough to grab my pre-ordered pizza -- it seems like an awesome dive to grab a drink and see a show -- not an awesome place to order a pizza from. This was THE WORST PIZZA I have ever had in my life. I couldn't even choke down one piece.  After using several paper towels to remove a good chunk of the dark orange grease film, I took a bite and it tasted like soap. SOAP! It worries me that there is someone working there that thinks that the pizza is okay to serve to people. I don't think there is any amount of beer or vodka in the world that would have made this taste good.  I understand that I should have known better to order a pizza from a bar, but it was late on a Sunday and it was the only option since the jerks at Jamie's never answer their phone.
3	The food is a bit bland and the layout makes sitting and eating a bit awkward.  They add a charge onto your Groupon without telling you and there pitchers are a bit overpriced.
4	This place gets a solid 5 stars for the atmosphere and history. The live rock music also gets this place onto my list of favorites. From the decor to the bar specials, so many things here make Long Wong's a Valley icon.That said, the food is really good too. The burgers, wraps, subs, and hot dogs are all around the 4 star mark, with only some of their offerings being truly noteworthy. Sadly, no matter how much they advertise, the wings here are at the most 3 stars. I LOVE CHICKEN WINGS (What a Sommelier is to fine wine, I am to chicken wings). Unfortunately, these wings are nothing special. A few of the flavors are admittedly delicious, but most are barely decent. The quality of the wings kill it; they are small, fatty, stringy, and covered in too much batter and gooey sauce. Also, the worst lemonade I've ever had at a restaurant.Most all of the food here is pretty darn good, and for a night at a bar or a bumping concert, the food psychologically turns exceptional. But in the sobering light of day, the food here is nothing special. Pay homage to what this place is, what it was, and what it stands for. It's a fun relic with good food and great music... still doesn't mean it's the best place out there to go out to eat.
4	Remember hearing that phrase, "never judge a book by its cover?" That applies to this place. From its exterior, it appears a bit unwelcoming, but everything changes when you enter. Upon entering, you feel like you belong--you'll never feel out of place no matter how young/old you are or what you look like. Like any dive bar, the prices are very welcoming and stocked with everything you can imagine. Any time I've been here, the employees were always friendly and hard working. The food is surprisingly good too; don't expect just chicken wings like the name has been made famous for--they have something for all appetites that is quick to be delivered but still holds a lot of flavor for a low price. Although this place normally attracts the hip 20-something crowd, every person is friendly and relaxed so it's very easy to meet new people even if you go alone. I highly suggest weekend nights where they have live music--a lot of the local bands and musicians are phenomenal! Of all the nights I have attended, I have yet to listen to one local band that wasn't decent--it definitely makes me appreciate the local music scene much more. Part of the charm of this bar are the locals who nearly live there because they frequent this place so often. You'll soon find out who they are! This place does get packed at nights, so if you want a seat, it's best you get there early. My biggest suggestion--leave your drama at home! This is a place with a relaxed atmosphere and good fun people!
1	Poor service. Rude wait staff and management. Manager would not honor Groupon. Found a piece of gum in my sandwhich!
1	i had a coupon that i purchased online. i brought it into long wongs which was for an extra large pepperoni or cheese pizza and 2 dozen wings. i gave the coupon to the bartender and she said she didnt know how to process that and the owner would have to do that.  i asked her if there were free refills on the sodas and she said yes. i said ok and the owner put the info into the computer and then said what do you want to drink. i said one diet coke and 2 regular cokes. he said ok i will give these to you. they were in paper cups w/lids and straws and said coke on the outside.  there were 3 of us in there eating. my friend and her bf and myself. i told him i wanted light on the sauce for 1/2 of it and he said i have to put some sauce on it. i said yes light is some sauce. i told him to do light on sauce for the cheeese andpepperoni for the regular 1/2. the bartender brought us out the 2 dozen garlic/parmesan wings that we ordered. then she brought out the pizza approx 10 mins later. she asked if we were ok and needed anything and i said some more napkins. my friend went up to get myself and her a refill. then she asked later if everything was ok and my friend asked her for to -go containers. she brought out a couple and my friend put the rest of the wings in there. we left and then a few mins later my friend realized she left her cell phn there and she went back and she said the bartender told her sm1 turned it in. anyways the next day the owner called me 6 times on my cell phone from a # i didnt recognize. it wasnt the business phn #. i finally answered it wondering who kept calling and didnt leave msgs. then the owner accused me of not paying a bill. i told him i gave him my coupon for the wings and pizza and he said i didnt pay the bill. i said we didnt receive a bill and then he said i had to pay him for the 4 drinks we received. i said there were only 3 of us in there. then he kept changing the amount he said i owed. and was harrasing me telling me he was going to call the police on me and press charges for the sodas. i said if i would've gotten a bill for the sodas i would've paid it but i didnt. i told him that he told me he was giving me the sodas. he kept changing his story around and i will never ever go back there bcuz i was treated like i was some kind of criminal. i dont need to be harrased and aggravated  from sm1 that is very unprofessional and rude like he was. i give this place 2 thumbs down!!!
4	Super dumpy environment. BUT the wings are out of this world. Love Long Wong's wings :D
4	Okay so we decided to give good ol' Long Wongs another shot. After we were in there meeting friends for a drink, we saw a couple of their pizza's and they looked ...awesome. We decided to go back a couple days later to pick up a pizza. It was actually one of the better pizza's I have had recently. We've been back several times over the last two months and haven't had a bad meal yet.
4	Only a fan of the drinks and music, haven't been too happy with the food.  However, for the price, the food is fine.  I'm just really impressed with the music I've seen here and how there is never a cover.  I was skeptical about this place when it first opened, but the staff has changed over for the better and the tap selection has improved as well.  Long live Tempe's actual downtown, the Apache Corridor.
4	This place provides a very chill atmosphere that I enjoy very much! Gotta love that when a firetruck goes by, you get an awesome discount on drinks!!!
2	This was the second visit for my friend and I on a Friday night.  We liked the bands and the food was decent, although the beer selection (draft) could be better .  For a dive bar, I can't expect much more.  But I do expect soap in the bathrooms.  The men's was out of soap in the dispenser so I desperately tried the women's but there was not even a dispenser on the wall!! I think this is a health violation.  I asked the bartender if he could put some soap in and he said he would look at it.  When I asked again he seemed annoyed and I asked if there was just something behind the bar I could use.  He handed me some hand sanitizer and said "I don't want you to die or anything."  Other than that that, the service was good but the pizza was off (the pepperoni was a strange color and didn't taste right, either.  Won't try it a third time.
4	I really dig this place.  They have great drink specials during the day.  The bartenders are all super chill.  Every time a fire truck drives by with its sirens blaring, you get a $1 you-call-it.  Also, with "Fire Drills on Demand" every time you order a meal, you are entitled to a $1 you-call-it.  This is new, and when I asked about it the bartender had no idea what I was talking about.  He reassured me that one dollar you call its only occurred when a flashing fire truck drove by, and I had to pull the flyer up for Fire Drills on Demand on my phone from longwongstempe.com to show him.  He gave me my one dollar you call it after that, and apologized, saying the owners didn't keep the staff up to date.  So, you may need to present proof about this little awesome deal if the bartenders are still not adequately informed.Anyways, this place definitely has a fun atmosphere and local bands play on weekend nights.  They also have open mic night on a certain night of the week.   Actually, every time I have visited Long Wong's at night there has been someone on stage playing.The food is alright.  It's more fast food quality than restaurant quality.  The burgers are small and sort of disappointing.  The onion rings are whatever.  I have yet to try the pizza, but it looks pretty good.  However, the wings are DELICIOUS and totally worth the trip to Long Wong's.  Inferno is the absolute best flavor, and is actually really spicy. I'd like to point out that there is a pretty significant difference between the flavors of Spicy (or Hot, whatever its called) and Inferno.  The inferno are much, much hotter and thus more delicious while the Spicy are a bit more on the average side as far as hotness goes.   Overall, a cool little place with awesome personality worth checking out.  And try the wings.
4	Parking: it's in the back, behind the yellow building that houses the bar. It's a small lot and fills up quickly so be prepared to cram your car into a tiny space!Always live music (most of it good), cheap drinks, good wings and fun atmosphere. The decor - a ton of old albums tacked to the wall, a built in drinking game (for every terrible 80s singer, take a drink!) It gets a little cramped on weekends, but that's the fun - no one likes an empty bar on a Friday night.
3	Long Wong's (1639 E. Apache Blvd., Tempe), offers live music every night, a full bar and lots of good, cheap food to eat.More than one of my friends have commented about what a great value the food and drinks are, and I agree. For less than $20, I got a huge salad, a cheese crisp, French fries, a margarita and a glass of wine-needless to say, very filling, and the food tasted great!The bar has a fun, kitschy atmosphere, with record covers decorating the walls and arcade games. And there's even a little dance floor when bands play.While Long Wong's has garnered a lot of buzz for its live music, I'm excited to go back for the food. It's not often you find a sports bar with ravioli and other pasta dishes, after all.
3	Love their music scene here but wanted food first. I ordered the wings and it literally took 45 minutes (even though I was there before 7 on a Friday). The drinks are so cheap and I love the people who work there, though.
1	must i give them one star?Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!  nooooooooooo!  nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!What kind of amateurs?  Hooooooooooorbile!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Like immigrants figuring out what to sell us while they figure it out...the burger wAS HORRIBLE
1	I went there to use a groupon and was severely disappointed in the food. Do not go there for the food. We had a pepperoni pizza, thin, greasy and wierd tasting cheese. Wings that tasted like old chicken, we did not even eat them.....It may be a fun place to hangout and maybe eat the food if you drink enough
2	This review is specifically about the food. I haven't been here for any drinking or shows, so I can't say how that would be. The food is another story. I ordered a pizza with mushrooms and pepperoni, an order of wings, and a cheeseburger with fries. Placed the order and got there in 20 minutes. Took the food to work and the horror began. The pizza was cold as shit by the time I ate it, and the flavor wasn't very good. The worst part was the mushrooms! They were literally black and hard, and I couldn't tell if that's how they were supposed to be or if they were just old and rotten. Gross gross gross! The cheeseburger was very small, but the meat was good. Not much flavor but it tasted fresh. Fries were another story. They were cold and soggy, the worst things that can happen to fries. I ate three of them and threw them in the garbage where they belong. Wings are the reason they don't get one star. They were actually tasty, and the ranch wasn't that bad. They were also still warm. All in all, I would say this is a great place for drinking and catching live music, but the food isn't too good. Hopefully improvements can be made.
3	First time here.  Fantastic meal prices.  Beer prices a little high.  In the end it all works out. Good times.
1	This place has really nice, friendly bartenders, but that's about the only good thing I can say about it. When I was there, the toilet in the women's bathroom was broken-- it would not flush-- and they knew about it and seemed to have no intention to fix it, so you basically had no other choice but to go to the bathroom in a practically overflowing toilet that would not flush. DISGUSTING! I didn't eat any of the food, but it was overpriced for what it was. It looked like it was about on par with bowling alley food-- greasy and gross.
4	There are tons of locations throughout the valley, but to me, this is THE Long Wong's. Prices are substantially lower than other LW, and there's live music and a full bar. Wings or GTFO, order hot for some of the best you'll find anywhere. Did I mention this is really cheap yet good bar food? Additionally, the establishment is dark, and can either be social or intimate. Tons of character. I love the graffiti in the restroom. Would recommend for anyone who loves Tempe, but needs a break from Mill.
3	I have never been here before but I have heard a rumor that they don't card for alcohol. Is this rumor true or false?
4	Found this place via Groupon.  It's located near ASU in Tempe.  It's a dive bar for sure.  The bathrooms have graffiti all over the place and stickers of rock/punk bands.  Also, the bathrooms look pretty bad.However, the food is pretty good.  The Wings are excellent.  We ordered a dozen Wings, $6.50.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/long-wongs-at-the-firehouse-tempe-3?select=5x7RkD8yypLSOC_7uvVipQ#5x7RkD8yypLSOC_7uvVipQWe also ordered an Extra Large Provence, France Pizza (Organic Tomato Sauce, Fresh Basil, Mozzarella, Roasted Garlic, Artichoke Hearts, Capers & Sliced Tomato), $18.50.  The Pizza is delish and cut in large slices that can fill you up fast.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/long-wongs-at-the-firehouse-tempe-3?select=d5M5w7yM1iKev7KiJ5MwyA#d5M5w7yM1iKev7KiJ5MwyAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/long-wongs-at-the-firehouse-tempe-3?select=T5drfXllBmopHcGQd3Mdeg#T5drfXllBmopHcGQd3MdegI guess this place used to be a Firehouse or something at some point.  Every time a fire truck goes by with a siren blasting, they offer a Beer discount of some kind.  We came in here for lunch and couldn't partake in that deal, so I don't have the details.  However, a regular was in there and would order a Beer every time a siren went by....he mumbled something to us about it, hilarious.Return Factor - 83%
2	I came out to Long Wongs for a friend who was performing at one of their artist showcases.Not having had dinner, I was looking forward to the wings so highly touted on Yelp. Guess what? It was about 9pm and the kitchen had been shut down. 9 pm. Who does that? Especially when you have an event going on that night... My drink was watered down as well, wasn't too pleased about that. So now I'm out $5 for a can of Red Bull basically, and I'm starving.The bartenders were also asked by multiple people who was playing that night or what kind of music it was and they had no idea. That's a little silly. I get that you have a showcase once a week, but keep a list at the bar or something each week, it ain't that hard. Even telling people if it's rock or rap or reggae would be appreciated.
3	I've been coming here on and off to see a friends performance! I love that they have live music, this is defiantly the best part of this place. The food is awful! The wings are barely cooked enough to eat and the flatbread pizzas are greasy and undercooked. They need to be cooked longer so the bread isn't squishy and still taste like dough. The bar is always out of tap beer and they only take cash. If it wasn't for the live music I would give this place one star. The location is dirty and seems unsanitary. The bathrooms are grimy dim and have no mirrors and the bar top is sticky. The service is fast and friendly which seems to save them. Keep up the live Music and great service Long Wongs... And although u just redesigned your menu it still needs some work.
5	Update* they honored their mistake. And provided me free wings and 10$. Owner gave me his personal cell number and apologized. I tell everyone I know that long wongs has the best wings I've ever had. And trust me. I've had a lot. I'm a winner of the blazin buffalo challenge and those weren't nearly as good. For a little dive bar, I wouldn't get my wings anywhere else.
1	This Long Wong's was a great dissapointment.  This location opened up not to long ago and my husband and I decided to try it out. Not to mention we are big fans of their wings. First time we went to this long Wongs, it was about 30 minutes before closing the kitchen and they told us they ran out of wings. We went back a different day and ordered wings, the sauce on the wings was terrible as if they sprinkled chilly powder you would put on fruit. The second order of mild wings didn't have sauce at all. It was a disaster. From this point on I am only sticking to the long Wongs on 32nd Street and Thomas, they sure make the best wings.
1	I had heard about Long Wong's great wings from several people, so I was looking forward to them after putting off going for so long.  But guess what?  THEY WERE OUT OF WINGS!!!!  What kind of place runs out of it's main food item?  I was there around 8:30, so it's not like it was the very end of the night and they had to restock.  I was told they had a big order earlier that day.  They've been around for several years, you'd think by now they could handle a big order?  I was completely shocked and now probably won't give them a second visit to try the wings.Also, as far as I could tell no beer on tap.  A can of beer was $4, pretty high for a can.
2	Worst food I have ever had. Not even edible. Saw some people eating the food and could see the looks of disgust when they had the fist bite. Service was awesome! They make sure your happy and taken care of. I don't know what happened to this place but it used to have great food. Now the menu sucks with a bunch of flatbread tasteless none sense . Not to mention the cook was super pissed off making the food and treating customers with ignorance. Must have not been having a good night, don't let the guy with the Afro make your food(major bummer). We had to go get a pizza down the street and bring it back cause the food was so gross here and we were here to watch some friends play in a couple of the bands. The place has great music and great local shows. Bartenders are awesome. Place is fun. Don't waste your money on the food.
4	We went on a Friday night to watch our friend's band play. Food is good, but standard bar food so don't expect fine dining.The vibe is great though and makes this dive bar worth going to again and again. The live music plays regularly and the bartenders keep your glass (or can depending on what your drinking) full. I think my favorite thing about the bar is the Nintendo decor throughout and the game console hookup near the back room. If you're looking for a low-key evening with good music, keep this place in mind.
1	Just a bad time. We came in expecting the name Long Wongs. We did not find it. Took us five minutes of standing in the front to figure out where to order. Them we placed our two orders of wings for $20 plus drinks and waited. For a bar was pretty run down and the table was dusty.    We waited a little while considering we were the only ones ordering food. Them they came in small fries baskets lined with foil. Inside were these small little babe wings  that had like a half a bite per wing. I only wish I took a pic. Through the whole meal never saw out waiter or bartender.    We are our wings and left in a hurry never to return.   Moral of the meal: Not all long Wongs are created the same.
2	This was my first and will be my only visit to Long Wong's. The layout and location of the building are very intriguing and I was eager to try the infamous "Long Wong's wings". The atmosphere within the building was unexpected but rather pleasant. There was a DJ and live hip-hop band gearing up to play when I arrived and it only lent to the interesting feel of the restaurant. I was really pleased with everything up until the wings came out. The price was already on the top end of what I consider reasonable for a dozen wings. However, I assumed the size and sauce would make up for the lagging value. I was wrong. The sauce was pretty decent. The size of the wings on the other hand, now that's an entirely different story. These were by far the smallest wings I have EVER seen. I love wings and have made it a point to eat them pretty much everywhere I can find them... In the hundreds of restaurants I've ordered wings from, these were BY FAR the most miniscule. I was literally shocked... It takes a lot for me to voice my frustration to my wait staff (as I've previously worked in the industry), however in this situation I felt justified. I let the bartender know of my discontentment with the size of the wings and his response was, "oh man...  it must have been the bottom of the bag/box, I'm sorry". While his empathy was appreciated, it did nothing for the growling in my stomach or the twelve tiny scraps of chicken glaring at me, mocking my poor choice in dining establishments.
1	The party ain't over until all the grotesque regulars at this horrid place come a running. Seriously I think this place is long over due for a shut down. It's dirty, smelly, the food is absolutely terrible, and the atmosphere is a tragedy. They'll lure you in with the idea of live bands playing yet all it consists of is a bunch of weird drunken regulars that get absolutely trashed on stage and  can't perform. Seriously this place is a dive bars worst nightmare. They don't even have any drinks on tap and don't get me started on the Nintendo room it looks like a creepers dream palace because it's unfathomably weird and may be the most unsanitary place in the whole restaurant. Seriously one call to the health department can totally shut this place down I'd advise it ASAP. Save your money and time people, there are much better areas to go and listen to music and meet people, I'd advise any other place but here.
4	I have no idea what the heck is going on with this place sometimes. I'm friends with a lot of "regulars" here and overhear a lot of strange rumors about the management. Naturally, there's been some changes here, such as moving the stage, updating the sound system and changing the menu. (Boo on removing band names from the menu. Jerks.)However, the food is still really good and when the barman screwed up my order, he overcompensated me by giving me free chips, a beer and a shot of whiskey. I really didn't expect that, so I was really grateful and no harm was done. BTW, their pesto chicken wrap thing is like drinking nectar of some sort. I don't know, I'm stoned.
