4	I'm happy to be the first to review this location. I have been getting my hair cut here for the past 5 years. I cannot speak to complicated 'dos or women's hair, but for a quick men's cut you can't beat it. I think everyone on the planet gets their coupons in the mail that range from 4.99 to 6.99 for a cut. With the new app, I check in from home and am first in line by the time I get there. In and out in 10 minutes (admittedly, I get a simple haircut) and I'm on the way with the rest of my day. Don't have to burn much of that precious day off time. Unless you specify (I don't) you get the next stylist available so I have had pretty much everyone that works here and I have never had any problem and always come out looking the same. If you're looking for a fast simple haircut, you can't beat Great Clips!Normal price for a cut is $12, so it's still worth if if you forgot your coups.
3	Service here can vary wildly. I don't recommend going during the week. And the weekend staff is a bit younger and for some reason when they cut my hair it looks better, I get more compliments, and the cut seems to last longer. Be aware of their Online Checkin Option: It's the secret to getting in and out of here without waiting around. And no they don't do hair coloring or any of the more advanced services. It's pretty much the basics and for $12 that's all you need.
5	I like this location a lot. Theres rarely a line, and the service has always been polite. I bring my kids here for haircuts, only $10, you get $2 off if you bring in an old receipt. My boys are young & one is deathly afraid of haircuts. The ladies here were great with my boys & we had no freaking out incidents. For the service & value, 5 stars.
5	I'm from out of town, Seattle actually, and I decided to check yelp for good reviews this place had awesome reviews and honestly the reviews do speak well for the company, in fact, they didn't even know they had good reviews they just said that they are very well known for being one of the best in this chain of hairstylists. I definitely would go back again if I'm ever in the area. Check out the good looking white boy.
3	I got the worst haircut I ever had here but that was sort of a fluke and to be fair my hair is nightmare to deal with. All the other times it was ok. All in all it's worth the price. I am not sure if they officially accept walk ins but we never had a problem just walking in. On a budget it's worth a go.
4	Came here after the lack of service at super cuts on lake mead parkway. The wait to get started was less then the amount of time to walk from the car.My stylist was betty, and I feel super refreshed. Its been abut 3 months since I cut my hair, I just moved from California and haven't really had time to get my hair cut, so my hair was a HOT mess. I explained to her what I wanted and she flew with it and Made it look better than it usually does after I leave supercuts. Definetly coming back. I got a cut and shampoo for the price of just the cut at supercuts.
