4	I stopped by Aloha BBQ a couple of weeks ago when I was having a chicken katsu and musubi craving (and I couldn't bring myself to go to L & L).  I'm so glad I did because the food here is delicious and they give you huge portions!!  The katsu was crispy and yet the meat was super juicy.  The portuguese fried rice is really flavorful and not very oily at all.  And the kimchi is the best around this area.The only thing I didn't like was the gravy on the loco moco.  It just tasted salty and was a bit too gloppy.  But the hamburger meat was delicious so I can't complain too much.  I suggest ordering the loco moco with gravy on the side so that you can decide whether you like it or not.
4	Fantastic Hawaiian BBQI still don't get the whole steamed rice & macaroni salad as sides but as far as the bbq-I was pleasantly suprised.This place has a small dining area but most orders are take-out. They also have the largest Hawaiian shirt on the planet hanging on the wall. REAL Cool!Service is fast & friendly and the prices and selection is terrific!:)
5	Have ordered several times from Aloha Hawaiian BBQ and have ordered the following items: Hawaiian BBQ chicken, spam masubi, chicken katsu, Hawaiian burger, garlic shrimp and seafood combo.The food is excellent however, inconsistent.  80% of the time the food is amazing but you have to risk the 20% when the food is so, so.  The price makes it well worth trying out.
4	I couldn't believe it when I saw there was a Hawaiian place here in Las Vegas.  I was very excited to get a plate lunch (three generations of my family are from Hawaii so I know a thing or two about plate lunches).The service can be a little slow at times but they make it up in quality and value.  I found their Kalua Pig and Hawaiian BBQ both to be very good.  I mean, as simple as a plate lunch is, believe it or not, I have had a bad one or two in my day.  Luckily not from here.  So long as I am commuting to Las Vegas, I will continue to enjoy this (sparingly).  Prices are VERY reasonable and value for the dollar is high.
3	I had their Ox Tail Soup and it was good. Unfortunately, there are so many Hawaiian places in Vegas that this place just doesn't stand out for me. Hence the "A-OK" rating. Also, Ross J's Aloha Grill is right down the street. You might as well go to Ross J's if you're in the area.
4	My favorite Hawaiian plate lunch in las Vegas. I live in the 215/ flamingo area and make this far drive to this location(sunset/pecos)  many  x's it's that good, jus like today for my pre game meal ( no I don't play sports anymore) , but still enjoy the pre game meal when Hawaii warriors play like they did today , good thing it was pre game cause if I waited I don't think I would have eaten, hawaii got killed :(,  anyway back to the highlight of my day. I got the B-1 mix plate ( chicken katsu curry, hamburger steak w brown gravy and Teri beef)  The chix katsu crispy not too hard to screw up , curry sauce good like how they do it in Hawaii  somewhere between an Indian and Japanese style curry. I only wish that they used chix thighs instead of breasts. Thighs r more juicy and tasty. Hamburger steak and gravy good and the Teri beef was flavorful like they marinated the meat in other seasonings not just shoyu, not like some other Hawaiian BBQ w / intials  L&L , plate comes w/ lotta rice and mac salad .  I also got a spam musubi , well alright I got 2 for half time snack. Musubi pretty standard spam , rice ,nori and drizzle of Teri sauce. $2.15 ea. Kinda expensive  . The mix plate just under $9 , for all the food u get ,worth it . Staff always friendly they also have one on Craig/Decatur I believe. They also make a pretty good ox tail soup.  Go warriors !!!
4	I lived in Hawaii for over 12 years, so I don't know if that makes me qualified to pass judgment on a plate lunch place, I have eaten my share of them, but this place is as good as just about any I've had. When you live miles away from the Ania, it's as close as you can get. My husband found this place and we've enjoyed it many times. It's about as far from our house in Vegas as you can get, but worth the drive for us, we love it. I usually get the combination chicken katsu curry, hamburger steak and teri beef. This combination hits the spot for me. I think the curry flavors are accurate and the texture of the katsu is crispy, so I know it's close to the Hawaii flavors I remember. When I am in the mood for plate lunch, I'll make this long drive!
3	I decided to try it as it advertised that they had oxtail soup, which is one of my favorite soups of all time.  The oxtail was tasty and prepared really hot which it needs to be.  Afterward, i came back many times trying the kalbi, mahi mahi, shrimp...and pretty much everything possible.  Service may take a while as it gets busy during lunch but phone ahead if youre in a hurry.Overall, its a great Hawaiian place to try if you're in the area but its definitely not a place id drive great lengths to eat at.
5	The staff was very friendly. The food was very good. It is the best Hawaiian BBQ that I have had outside of hawaii. It was much better then the ones in San Diego.
4	Ordered the Chicken Katsu Regular. Tasted just like a family member makes. The sauce tasted a little more Vinegary than im used to. But the chicken had a good amount of breading wasnt over done. For the price you get enough chicken, and Macaroni salad. I opted for the fried rice. Its enough food where i couldnt finish it all. The fried rice was moist. And the macaroni salad was good but had more of a tuna flavor then im used to. They also offer catering. On the drink menu they also have Thai Tea. The seating are is a little weird but they worked with the space they wre given.
4	Was on my way to a friends house and I was Starvin' Marvin!So I pulled out my trusty phone and started up the yelp app.  I craved some Hawaiian BBQ and looked it up.  This place is nestled conveniently on Pecos and Sunset.The girl who took my order was super friendly and the food came out very quickly.  In under 5 minutes it seemed like!  I ordered take out and hoped for the best!  The food was great. Rice was perfect, The Chicken and Beef were good.  I was one satisfied guy afterwards. I particularly liked the place. It was clean, had plenty of seating and they were super friendly.  The food was ono-licious so I will be returning soon!
4	Being stationed in Hawaii years ago I was used to another popular Hawaiian BBQ spot but have been disappointed lately. Drove past this place while lost after moving to Henderson from Spring Valley, stopped in and was very impressed with the food. Ordered the bbq beef, katsu chicken was a bit bland w/o the sauce and the mahi mahi was actual fish. They deliver, not sure if I'm range but this is indeed my new Hawaiian BBQ spot.
4	I went here with a friend. I'm not too into Hawaiian BBQ so it was all new to me. I ended up going with the BBQ burger, I think it was called, with a fry. This burger was amazing! And the fries were really good too. My friend got the chicken katsu and that tasted great as well. The workers are very friendly and nice! If I'm ever in the mood for Hawaiian bbq I'd come here.
5	Great food great price, large servings, fast service!!!!!!! :D
3	I order from this place a lot due to limited options.  They deliver the food on time and the food is always satisfying.  The only thing that I find irritating is... They never get my order right.  GET IT RIGHT!
3	They say its Hawaiian but my taste buds disagree. Since my office is right across the street, I find myself dining here far too frequently. In fact, almost daily.My eager lunch companion enjoys trying a variety of things off the menu. Yesterday he tried the Caribbean Shrimp ($8.95) which he enjoyed. And ever since he tried the Chicken Katsu Musabi a few weeks back, he seems to order one each visit. My options are limited since I dont eat meat, but the steamed rice is really cheap (.60) and they just recently added steamed broccoli to the menu!! The star of the show is the "Sauce Station" as we like to call it. This consists of a couple bottles of soy, teriyake, rooster sauce and ketchup on a rack which is also equipped with little plastic to-go containers. Many of inventive concoctions have been created on that rack. The service is OK, the place is clean and everything is dirt cheap. So if you're just looking to fill your belly on the fly, you could do worse.
4	This place is super close to our old office. We have had lunch here on many occasions and have made the drive from our new location just to get some delicious, simple Hawaiian BBQ. We usually get the mixed plate with Beef Ribs, Chicken, and Mahi Mahi. The meats are pretty good, the rice is very tasty, and the macaroni salad is amazing. Price is very good for a lunch menu.
5	This is the best plate lunch place in Vegas!  It is the closest to what you get back in Hawaii. Real local style Mac salad..spam fried noodles..real local style.  Ox tail soup ,ONO. Kalbi, katsu, Teri chicken..all good
5	i ate here last night. super; very good. i had the Hawaiian BBQ beef with 2 vegetable egg rolls... yummy! great food and the people are very nice. i will go here again ASAP with my boyfriend. have fun!
4	First thing you're going to notice is the giant aloha shirt pinned to the wall.  Most places offer a free entree or meal when you frequently eat there.  I'm sure if you eat here often enough they might just give you that shirt. LOL JK they probably wont do that, someone should ask though.Anyways I got to give Aloha Hawaiian BBQ a 3.5 Rating.  Food quality and taste sometimes are really good but sometimes it's just OK.  Way better than the chain Hawaiian restaurants that's all over Vegas but still could improve.  Their menu doesn't have everything I sometimes want or something special that stands out but it does has a decent selection of local Hawaiian/Asian dishes, the basics at least are there and are good. Prices are a little more than what I'm use to so I do tend to pass by and go else where.  Back when I lived in the area I would almost always get my quick Hawaiian fix on here.  I would always swing by after playing bball at the nearby Sunset Park or even just pickup food and enjoy it at Sunset Park.Their mac salads are a little disappointing.
3	So-So. if you have never had hawaiian bbq than you might like it. but im from SD and i love it here and this place just fell short. staff is friendly and choices are large its just ok though
3	Hit this place up or lunch a few times a month. Pretty typical Hawaiian BBQ joint, nothing outstanding but nothing bad. Hits the spot when I'm having a plate lunch craving.
3	This review will probably need to be updated later on once I try out more food selections. Since this was on the way home from work, I decided to grab lunch which consisted of a mini Chicken Katsu.. I only ate the Chicken and the sauce to dip it in is delicious! it reminds me of a mix of A1 sauce and vinegar or something, can't quite put my tongue on it... I will re-evaluate once I try the spam musubi :D
3	I'm posting 3 because of what I had.  But perhaps I just have to find that item that I like to boost my rating.  I always drive by this location because its located near my work, but never bothered to stop by.  I'm a local girl myself, and for the most part everything that is served here, I can cook at home.  BUT on those occasions when I get too lazy, its nice to have options as to where to get my local fix.  I ordered the Kim Chee Fried Rice.  It was a toss between Oxtail Soup or that.  Went with the Kim Chee Fried Rice since it was too hot for Oxtail Soup.  Huge portions.  I asked if they put meat in the rice, she said no but that I could order a combo.  I ended up ordering Teriyaki Beef with it.  Kimchee fried rice was decent, but they could make it better by chopping up the kimchee (which is jar type), put more egg, maybe already put some kind of meat in it too.  But that's my preference. Friendly service, I will be back to try other menu items.
3	Pretty much your run-of-the-mill Hawaiian BBQ joint; very reminiscent of an "L&L type place".  It's got all the local favorites on the menu like saimin, chicken katsu, and mahi mahi among others.  I usually opt for the seafood combo plate when I come here and usually do not stray much further from that.  It includes fried shrimp, mahi mahi, and fried scallops with rice and a scoop of mac salad.  However, the mac salad isn't anything to write home about and the dipping sauce for the mahi mahi leaves much to be desired.  Aside from that, the service is nice and the staff is pretty friendly.  I'll be back to grub on my usual plate but only when I'm in the general vicinity and not distracted by other food choices in area.
4	Went yesterday with the wife.  Mid afternoon, not crowded, great fast-friendly service.  Large menu selection.   All meat items were great. short ribs, shrimp, maui maui, and teriyaki chicken.  The house teriyaki sauce is very good.  Rice was rice.  Mac salad could be better.  Portion size was large.  Dinning area was very clean, and comfortable.  Clean fresh restroom. We will definitely go there again, often.
2	Today I only tried the Thai iced tea and fried ice cream I had to cure my sweet tooth. The Thai iced tea was good and Im still sipping on it now BUT the fried ice cream was a disaster! It was a thick ball of fried crust I opened it up an out poured nothing but melted ice cream WHAT A BUMMER yuck I will never ever order that again.
5	Best hawaiian BBQ in all of vegas.  Highly recomend.
4	When I want home style Hawaiian this is the place. Nothing fancy here but large portions of regular Hawaiian style ono grinds when I need that quick fix from my childhood.  It does the job! 4 star only because its not gourmet or fancy, but it's good regular Hawaiian take out- I love it.
3	Normal Hawaiian restaurant. Food is good but nothing too special. It's conveniently located by my school so my classmates & I eat here like once a month. Thai tea is good. Boba not so much. It's not soft and chewy like it should be. The middle is still kind of hard and I've ordered boba twice thinking it was just a 1 time thing but no.
3	I've heard rumors that another Hawaii joint existed around my side of town. My friends that live close by talk about how good their chicken katsu is. After an afternoon nap, I wanted to make my way to Aloha Hawaiian BBQ so I could check this place out. Although I'm always weary about visiting a place right before they close, because of the possibility food has stayed out all day, I still decided to get there and try out their grub.This joint is located close to the Pecos/Sunset intersection next door to the Roberto's Taco Shop. I feel like this place is owned by a former L&L's owner or part of the family. When you enter, you notice the place very similar to it. The walls are a canary yellow much like L&L's. There's booth seating and table tops with a contrasting blue, and then it hits you. The giant sized Aloha shirt. Definitely a focal point for sure. Next to the shirt is an aesthetically pleasing menu size. Gives you the break down of things they serve and sizes offered. The young female taking my order was very nice and pleasant. She was accommodating and personable. The ordering counter was kind of a cluttered mess though. Business cards from everywhere, change surrounding the lucky cat.  I didn't know where to look, where to move, just a bit much. For my meal, I started with the Hawaiian Sun passion fruit drink for around $1.45. As for the food, here's what I got:Spam Musubi for $2.15: The spam was marinated in teriyaki sauce and fried. It was a thick piece which I appreciated but could have used a little more char on the outside.The inside, because it was so thick, was a bit mushy. The rice, was definitely something that was out most of the day. It wasn't as sticky as I hoped it to be and the nori seaweed wasn't as crunchy as I have experienced at other joints. Chicken Katsu curry for $7.75: Breaded white meat chicken, served with curry sauce, optional katsu sauce and macaroni salad. The breading was light and crispy and I really liked that the meat was thinly sliced as it made for a quick cooking process.  The mac salad was drenched in mayo and seemed more of a soup rather than a salad. Thank goodness I asked for the curry on the side. The curry was hot, but super chunky. That was what I was fearing. The curry tasted like it was out all day, or even scooped up from a previous curry stew. No matter how much time I microwaved it for at home, the chunky, almost starchy curry dipping sauce kept its chunky form. The taste was alright but I was too sketched out to use it. I also asked for chicken katsu sauce. It tasted like L&L's sauce. Very tangy, not like the soy sauce/ketchup based ones I prefer. Still, a flavorful combined dish.I feel like there's two kinds of Hawaiian joints: group A joints like Island Flavor, Ross J's and Aloha Kitchen and group B joints like L&L, Ohana BBQ and this joint. It's still a good place to eat, but my heart will always belong to those places in group A. I still enjoyed my experience and will probably be back on another night to experience other dishes. My rating may change, who knows.
5	Best burger and fries in the valley.  I eat here a lot.  Everything's fresh and fast.  It's like home cooking to me. Heading there now!
1	I came here because I was craving some local food. As soon as I walked in it reminded me of L & L, claiming to be local food but made by non locals. I ordered the mini chicken katsu, Kalbi and Portuguese sausage fried rice. The fried rice was a dark brownish/black color almost as if the whole thing was coated with shoyu or some kind of teriyaki sauce. Not much sausage in it either. Kalbi would of been good if it was authentic Korean sauce used back home in Hawaii. This sauce was pure shoyu. The chicken katsu was ok. The katsu sauce tasted like it came out of a bottle but was edible. All in all I will probably not return here. There is really nothing Hawaiian here. The food is from Hawaii but the flavor is not.
4	Really like this place! Mostly do delivery. Does take a bit of time sometimes for the food to get here. However, once it arrives, it's  quite tasty.They have great dishes over all but I have to say their ramen dishes are great when you are under the weather!BBQ is always flavorful, tasty and filling. Mac and cheese is out of this world. Their food reminds me of when I lived in Hawaiian.Only dish I would not recommend is the scallops. Had it two different times. Personally, I am just not a fan of deep fried scallops. Wish they would just toss then on the grill and season them instead. Have to say you can't go wrong with the Thai tea with boba! Also I suggest getting a Musubi.
5	All around great!! I've picked up orders, eaten in, and delivery. All are fabulous! Great prices, delicious food! Highly recommend to anyone. Clean environment as well as a kind and friend staff!!!!!
3	It's been about a single visit so far with this local joint and it's mostly convenient since its close to work. My order was the regular size Chicken Katsu meal with steamed rice, added on a side of chicken BBQ musubi and manapuas to share with coworkers. I'd like to say the katsu was alright. Nothing special, simple breading (I daresay it is nothing close to PANKO brand breading type, maybe just cheap breading) of chicken along with the sauce. The sauce tasted like it came from a cheap bottle brand. Portion of the katsu and rice was generous and a scoop of the typical Mac salad. Very similar to Americanized Hawaiian franchise of L&L. The Manapua (meat bun) was OK. It was small and a bit stale due to the bread. The musubi was probably the only thing I enjoyed. Lol Its Hawaiian alright but to truly taste the distinct flavors of a traditional hawaiian cuisine and you want to satiate those taste buds, I'd look elsewhere; otherwise try this joint if you're craving for 'different food' other than the regular burger and fries theme and/or for a quick eat. I give it a 3-star only because of the courteous service and speedy wait time to receive the food, plus they got this giant Aloha shirt on their restaurant wall which was kinda cool. Overall, it did not please my taste buds that day.
4	I haven't tried a lot on their menu because I normally stick to the same thing but everything I have tried is good. Sometimes things are better then other times but it's never bad. I normally get chicken musubi and always good. I have also got the chicken plate with Mac and rice and I haven't had any problems there aside from the chicken sometimes being dry. I ordered a burger and fries and the fries were soggy but it was delivery so I understand. All and all pretty inexpensive and good food.
4	Great chicken katsu musubi and the spam saimin were grear! Service was fast and friendly.
