4	I LOVE going to Desert Nail Spa for pedis! Kim and Karen are my two fave nail techs,  and everyone there is friendly :)I only wish they were open a little later at least once a week.
5	Holly is the best!I love this place! It's clean and the staff is always polite.LOVE LOVE LOVE IT! I won't go anywhere else to get my nails done.
1	Horrible experience. Very dirty and the staff was obviously sick. The man doing my nails kept getting up to blow his nose returning without washing his hands. He then wiped his nose on his sleeve, That's when I had enough! The smell in the salon was horrible. I understand people get sick, but call in sick please!
3	I have been going to the desert nail spa on greenway for about 6 years, mostly for pedicures and acrylics. Recently I went to this location and got a gel manicure it looks amazing and the lady who did mine said it would last 2 weeks, even up to 3 weeks of I take care of them. I only gave them 3 stars because the salon is a bit bare and the staff talks to each other more then the clients. With that said I have never left disappointed, and the prices are very reasonable. $25 for a french pedicure and $29 for a french gel manicure.
2	Used to go to this location a the time until it was purchased and became desert nail. I went 2x here with this ownership and pedicures were ok. Nothing too special. The kicker was 2 days later I had to go to the walk in clinic with s huge red swollen big toe. I could barley walk! Turns out I had "cellulitis" which was an infection of some sort. The first thing the medical staff asked was "did you go to a nail spa lately?". Sure did... Desert Nail!Maybe it was a fluke but I have been going to Shea Nail since then (after a 4 month pedi-fear break). Couldn't be happier at Shea Nail. So word of advice is check to make sure you see them clean the foot bath. It cost me 7 days of antibiotics and a walk in clinic charge!
2	My sister and I went here to have some girl time and made reservations saying that.  The owner didnt bother telling us that they were low on staff and when we got there - the place was empty, there was the owner and one another worker.  We were seperated and didn't get to spend time together.  This is whatever and not a deal breaker.  Place: Newer, relatively clean, good locationService: below average - average: ***The nail color came off before we left the place!*** This was annoying after paying so much for mani-pedi. The massage during pedicure was a joke. Owner didn't bother to explain the breakdown of the cost. Cost: above average. Overall: wil not recommend or go again.
3	Decent place.  However, I think for a walk-in, it isn't very good unless you get one of the good nail techs.  I did a walk in (I know) and got the only available woman who didn't do a very good job.  The place is clean and the girls are nice.  I think I'll have to scout out the techs better and find out which ones are the good ones! :)
