4	Dunkin Donuts is coming to Broadway and McClintock area across from Ted's Hot Dogs and next to the CVS Pharmacy.  Dunkin Donuts....now all we need is Jim Gaffigan at the opening.In the words of the immortal philosopher, Homer Simpson, "Donuts, is there nothing they can't do?"
4	Yay, it finally opened!  I stopped in here today to grab some coffee and donuts, and they were both tasty.   I love dunkin donuts, and am glad that they have this location finally open, and its close to my place.  Great hours, free wifi, and tasty treats anda drinks for all.  I believe they have a drive thru here too!Will be back in the future for more coffee, muffins and donuts!
5	I don't know about you woody, but I easily find the dunk doughnuts, daily. It's right outside of my apartment. Good service & drive thru
4	Very confident and happy with the drive-thru service.Dunkin Donuts ... It's so much better than CHAR-bucks coffee!
1	This Dunkin is terrible. Every time we have come here, they've messed up our orders, made the drinks wrong, given us things we did not order, and worst of all have been rude about it the entire time. I do not recommend coming here if you value your time.
2	This location has a much bigger seating area than other locations, which is a big plus in the morning.However, their quality control is severely lacking. I love the smokehouse sausage breakfast sandwich but the last one I got  was from here and it was terrible. The sausages tasted uncooked, the egg was about twice the size of the english muffin, and the english muffin itself had been cooked way too long (not burned, but hard).Another small plus, since theyre bigger, they tend to have more than one box of each flavor of KCup packs available. But if you purchase one, you have to deal w/ their register guy who is really not the brightest bulb in the box. Thats mean, I know, but its unfortunately true. Ive had the same guy 4 times and ive experienced slow service, having my order voided 2-3 times because wrong buttons were pushed, a reply of "Huh?" to every order Ive made....super frustrating.
4	I think I've single-handedly made Dunkin' rich! I'm there almost every morning to order my ice or hot coffee.  And it's to the point that when I choose to get tea instead, they notice.  That's kind of cool.
5	Awesome quick bfast spot. Love the people here. Great smiles and always happy to see you.
4	Very polite staff.Donuts are okay I guess -I'm kinda partial to those sold at a grocery store bakery so what do you expect?Coffee is good, ice coffee is really good.Nice, clean, and easily accessible location.  I believe they even have a drive through here.
4	Service is fast and friendly.  My orders have been fulfilled 100% without error.  Sometimes I wish there was a drive-thru!
4	I enjoy coming to this place because the atmosphere is quite cozy, and the staff is always friendly. When coming to this location multiple times, the staff actually knows you  really well (obviously) . It is very clean, and well organized.The negative about this place is when you order a cold drink, such as the coolatta (which I order every time I go to a Dunkin Doughnuts), they are sometimes are unsure if they have the product, but it turns out they do.
5	So first off, i love this location.  Always prompt service.  If i ever do not like my drink it is always fixed. I always seem to run into this woman in the front that goes above and beyond.  I actually asked for her name this time and she wrote it down for me. Letesheia Sage, is the name. She has this power to up sale me on anything and im so happy with it. Just the whole atmosphere of  the employees seems welcoming.  Great job and ill make sure i keep getting my morning grub and caffeine here.
1	I'm a regular customer at this Dunkin Donuts and they were having technology problems today but that doesn't excuse not getting the coffee the way that I ordered... smashed donuts.. no napkins and 15 minutes in the drive thru. Aaarrrggghhh.. Seriously annoyed that you made me late for an appointment... I wasted five bucks on stuff I can't eat or drink and I don't have time to stop for coffee now.  Won't be back:-(
4	I've been to this location twice in the past two days, and I was a pain in the butt both times (sorry!). Yesterday morning I came in with a coupon on my computer, but not my phone, and the cashier was so patient in trying to help me get my free medium coffee--completely gracious. This morning I placed an order for a few things including a coffee, got out to my car and set my coffee on the roof while I put everything else in the backseat, then...proceeded to drive off with the coffee still on top of the car (well, not for long). I trooped back to DD to pay for another coffee, but they refused to accept my payment and said they'd experienced the same kind of morning before! They were again so gracious, and waved me out happily. Love this place!
