5	Feast is such a nice addition to Aspinwall.  I love having a local neighborhood shop that I can run over to easily when I run out of something basic like noodles, milk, fruit, or juice for my kids.  But even better are the delicious prepared foods like the meatloaf and the chicken tenders, which my family love, and also delicious vegetarian prepared foods for myself.  On top of that there are a lot of gourmet treats that I can't leave the store without picking up, such as specialty cheeses, dips, crackers, chocolates, and cookies.Although I haven't tried it, I know there is also a call-ahead service which I intend to use when I'm not feeling like cooking dinner or if I'm going to have people over.  Everything I've brought home from the store has been a hit with family and guests and I know I can rely on finding good basics and extra special goodies every time.I find the prices to be comparable to Whole Foods, and in many cases Feast's prices are better.  The staff are always friendly and knowledgeable and the shop is clean and organized.  I know that if there ever was any kind of an issue the owner would immediately find a way to fix it.I can't recommend this shop enough.
5	Regularly grab lunch here on the weekends. Their sandwiches are great and they always have good / healthy side options. Their basic offerings are gourmet alternatives to the normal staples offered at giant eagle. Friendly staff.
5	Feast on Brilliant is, well, brilliant (imagine that!)  This shop is tiny, but inside it is filled with magic.  It is part deli/prepared foods and part specialty grocer.  Their prepared foods are ahhhhmazing.....delicious homemade sandwiches, soups, and a variety of heat-n-eat foods (similar to the Whole Foods hot bar -- though a smaller selection). I grab their chicken romano and roasted cauliflower for a quick and healthy dinner whenever I'm too lazy to cook. Everything is prepared to perfection, uses quality ingredients, and is so tasty!  I always feel really good about the food that I eat here.I also feel really good about the groceries that I buy here. They take care to select and stock only the highest-quality and most unique items....tons of local items too! Love that I can get gourmet ketchup, Jeni's ice cream, and my fav white bean and quinoa chips all in one place.  That being said, since they are a specialty grocer, they obviously don't stock everything, so it won't replace your regular weekly shopping trip....nor would you want it to, because it is very, very expensive. However, I don't mind paying a premium for high-quality and hard-to-find gourmet items (only once in awhile and in small amounts, of course -- I ain't no Rockefeller!).  The owner and staff at Feast are also very warm, friendly, and helpful. Definitely check this place out next time you're in Awall!
5	This is, without a doubt, one of my favorite little spots in the city of Pittsburgh.  My coworkers love eating here and treated me to lunch during my first week on the job.  We've been back pretty much every week since, and it's my go-to choice when it's my turn to pick where we eat!Brilliant Street is charming and this store/deli is no different.  It's cozy, clean and bright, and a great place to grab a quick lunch.  I've tried a few different sandwiches here, but I'm currently stuck on the Roast Beef & Bleu. I order mine hot, so the cheese gets all gooey and melty.  It's also dressed with arugula, which, combined with the bleu cheese, creates the most amazing flavor. If you're ever in the area or find yourself inevitably stuck in traffic on 28, hop over to Aspinwall and check this place out.Feast on Brilliant also offer unique grocery items that you can't find everywhere else.  I recently picked up a jar of truffle mayonnaise and a container of truffle butter (can you tell I'm on a truffle kick these days?). They also have freshly made sides to go with your order.  The orzo salad always looks sooo good, but I have yet to have enough of an appetite to order some with my sandwich.  When I do, I will be sure to report back!
5	Awesome small market carrying a lot of interesting brands which otherwise would not be available in Pittsburgh.Has an old-school market vibe which I appreciate.
