5	Foodies Alert!  Eat here now!  Not the best dining room but definitely the best food in the Valley and an impressive wine list to boot.  You will be very happy with your meal.  Unique flavor combos.  Super rich.  The menu is mostly meat dishes with southwestern influenced sauces.  My picks? The chopped salad is a must.  The miso spicy squid rocks.  The mushroom pan fry is unbelievable but so rich you should opt for the "mini" portion. And save room for dessert.  (pause)The cuppa hot chocolate ("cinnamon-spiked chocolate pot de creme with chipotle crema, ancho chile honey, cayenne-spiked ginger cookie") is without a doubt the BEST BEST BEST dessert I have ever had ANYWHERE.  The thought of it tears me up.  Spicy, sweet, creamy goodness.  This is heaven.
4	Cowboy Ciao combines Southwestern and Italian food.  Try the filet mignon with blue cheese mashed potatos.  Can't decide what to order?  Check out the nifty fifty a one page list of customers favorites.  The blueberry bread pudding is a must for dessert.
4	I came here on a recommendation by a friend and I would recommend it to you.  It's a little out of the way from the 5th St. shops, but they have some inventive cuisine.  It maintains its southwestern flavor but has a splash of modern Californian.  It is, however, a meat-heavy place.Times visited: 2
5	This place proves that Southwestern cuisine is not dead and there's still room for lots of creativity.  Foodies and wine connoisseurs alike will enjoy just about everything on the menu.  Definitely order the chopped salad and let that begin the journey to an evening of culinary excellence.
4	Rating: 4.5I came here one night with classmates about 8 months ago. We walked by one night to see it PACKED. I wanted to see what the fuss was about. I'm glad I did. =) I was here last week again for school, and luckily my bf was in town for work so I dragged him here with me. I have ordered/tried: LEMONADE - This tasted like a mix of lemonade and limonata so it had a dash of spritz. I liked it a lot, but my bf didn't.AHI TUNA ANTIPASTO - Good! STETSON CHOPPED SALAD - Holy shit, I LOVE this salad! They were NOT kidding when they said this was a serious customer favorite. It is a mix of sweet corn, salmon, marinated tomatos, Cowboy Ciao trail mix, couscous, and chopped spinach. It is so yummy! I am definitely going to have cravings for this. My bf loved this too.MISO SPICY SQUID - This was really good calamari. It didn't have too much batter so you could actually taste the squid. And it wasn't over-fried. The pineapple salsa on top is an awesome compliment to it. SEARED SCALLOPS w/ DILL CREAM SAUCE & GOAT CHEESE - This was pretty tasty. I love dill and I love goat cheese; this was actually a nice combination. The scallops were cooked perfectly. RIB-EYE w/ AJI SAUCE - This was taken off the menu for some reason but it was cooked and seasoned perfectly (medium rare!). There was a hint of lovely and SPICY aji (Peruvian) sauce. Delicious. MINI MUSHROOM PANFRY- My bf and I didn't enjoy this. Although the mushrooms were cooked well, this dish had no flavor. We both love mushrooms so much and it was a disappointment that a dish with so much potential lacked flavor. PECAN-CRUSTED SALMON - OMG, this was incredibly delicious! My bf and I aren't really salmon people when it comes to non-Japanese food. The waiter told us that the sauce served with the salmon was really good, and that this was also a popular dish. We were so glad we took his advice. It was cooked medium-rare with a pecan crust. The combination of the sauce and light crust was so good. This is probably the only place that I would order salmon again. It was complimented with sauteed vegetables (Chinese brocoli, carrots, asparagus, onions, etc.)FIVE-O BREAD PUDDING  w/ COCONUT/PINEAPPLE, and BROWN SUGAR/PINEAPPLE ICE CREAM - This is your typical bread pudding, except for the added coconut/pineapple. The bread pudding itself was cooked very well. Tasty and firm, not too mushy like many bread puddings I've tasted. I love pineapple and coconut together (as in Pina Colada's), but it wasn't my favorite with the bread pudding. I did enjoy this dessert though, but I prefer it plain with a fruit sorbet like at Montrio's in Monterey (the best I've had!). Overall, I give this place a 4.5. The extra 0.5 stars for the creativity and uniqueness of the dishes and restaurant culture. It's extremely unique and definitely a local favorite! I just wish there was a Cowboy Ciao near me that I could dine at. Each time I go to AZ, I will be sure to stop by this tasty restaurant. Fine dining that is fun as well. Service is great.
5	great food... HUGE wine list (same as Kashmere)...  whatever you do make sure to get there cob salad thing (stedson chopped salad)... I substituted the salmon for chicken, but it is still out of this world... i know people that have brought in chefs from out-of-town to figure out what is in it so they can bring it home to their city... don't remember much else... but i remember i have never had anything bad since i have been going there.
5	5 stars for the Stetson chopped salad alone.  Enough said.
5	Visiting from SF and this was close to my hotel.  Reservations are recommended.  We got there at 7pm on a Saturday, they estimated that we wouldn't be seated before 9:30.We lucked out with seating at the bar, full menu.  Service was friendly and attentive.  Very foodie friendly!!  Unusual flavor combinations -- bacon pecan brittle, candied olives -- made the meal a bit adventurous.I had the ahi tuna antipasto and mini mushroom fry.  The ahi had a great peppery crust, served very rare with caper berries and green olives.  As a portion, this could easily be a light dinner.  The mini mushroom fry was quite decadent.  The rich and creamy sauce has a spicy bite and is best sopped up with some of their crusty ciabatta.One item on the dessert menu immediately jumped out at me - chevre cheesecake!!  It was an incredible combination of sweet and savory, the candied olives only made it that much better.  A delicious espresso topped off the meal.I'd definitely go again.
4	The consummate out-of-towner restaurant in Scottsdale. They play up the whole cowboy thing and blend it to create Southwestern Italian. (Which, by the way, I vote to officially change to "spaghetti western"). The food is creative and the ambiance is fun and pleasant, but I was not completely blown away by the tastebuds, which I like my five star restaurants to do. Still, a can't miss for anyone who is visiting Old Town Scottsdale.
5	The Stetson Chopped Salad gets 5 stars.  Have to have it at least once per visit each year I'm in Scottsdale for Spring Training.  And, it is so easy to make at home.  An added plus - this year we ate at the bar.  When I ordered a third glass of champagne the pour, from the end of the bottle, was about an inch shy of full.  So, the bartender comp'ed it. :)
1	The star was for the second wine list - the one by varietal.The chopped salad was disliked by my date for the smoked salmon, by me for the couscous that ruined the texture.   Barely ate any.The blue elk taco was almost inedible - the elk was treated to an unpleasant batter frying, the beans with almost sugary... Barely ate any.The mushroom ragout was not particularly flavorful, just a bit hot.  The fried polenta was ok, but a bit dry.  Barely ate any.The wine was good.
3	It is okay, let's not get too overwhelmed. I realize this is Scottsdale, where Del Taco is inventive, and one may not be sure if it truly is a restaurant if the Fox Group doesn't own it. I think its hype surpasses the quality. I recommend this place, it just doesn't overwhelm me and beg me to come back. In fact, nothing I ate there was that memorable.
5	One senses a unique bend of lighthearted swank and artsy irreverence when entering Cowboy Ciao. The mixture of these two elements is a dicey proposition that's fraught with peril, but management has successfully done it...and  created an ambiance that mixes soft and hip music, subdued and sultry lighting, and break-the-rules decor while still coming off as elegant funk rather than young punk angst.Myself and my sidekick got here during prime time on a Friday night when the estimated table-wait was hovering right around the 40 minute mark.  Rather than hole-up for a table, we opted for zero-wait seating at the bar.  The waiters were great....both informative and talkative folks that made you feel comfortable with a genuinely friendly air about them that eschewed excessive fawning in favor of a down-home demeanor laced with neighborly charm.Grub-wise, everything we had was fantastic.  We started out with a Ciabatta appetizer served with both green and kalamata olive puree.  Next up, the famous "Chopped Stetson Salad", an indescribably unique and wonderful taste that's often known to upstage the main course.  They bring it to you with six different ingredients set in rows and explain what each ingredient is. Next, their server mixes it up in front of you with a special dressing.  It's savory taste and simple recipe has presented experienced cooks with something of an inexplicable magic trick.  From what I gather, many have tried to duplicate the taste, texture, and nuances of this deceptively simple dish, and lack of success has created vexing puzzle that's become the local culinary equivalent of Fermat's Enigma or the Four Color Problem. My date opted for Pistachio-crusted salmon.  I went light and ordered the Exotic Mushroom Pan Fry.  Both dishes were fantastic.  Icing on the cake came in the form of my favorite beer on the planet....Anchor Steam on tap.  My only gripe?  My dish should have come with bread to soak up the excess Mushroom sauce.  We asked if we could get some, and the only option provided was to order another ciabatta appetizer.  C'mon people...bread is cheap!  My date and her raging sweet tooth opted for desert....I had another beer.  She satiated her sugary cravings with something called a "zinger" that looked like raspberry infused cheesecake, and sang it's praises while relishing every morsel of it.Welcoming ambiance and staff.  Great menu and fantastic, creative dishes.  There's no TV visible anywhere, but the staff will update you on the D-backs or Suns games if you ask. Downtown Scottsdale is chock-full of incredible shops, and the surrounding area makes for a nice post-meal stroll. All in all, it's a truly unique dining experience that's taken the artistic ethos of it's surrounding area and successfully applied it to Southwestern Cuisine.  If you're in the area and looking to chow down in a manner that'll give you something to tell the folks back home about,  then by all means stop by, sit down, and check it out.
4	Cowboy Ciao is one of the most unique restaurants I have ever been to - food wise.  We went for lunch on a really quiet Saturday.  I kept hearing great things about the Stetson chopped salad and I must say it is amazing.  One of the best (or at least different) salads I have ever had!  There are a ton of different ingredients in it, but somehow it worked!  It's definitely a must have.  I am a huge mushroom-lover so of course I had to try the mushroom pan-fry.  I had no idea what to expect since there aren't many restaurants where you can order a mushroom entree.  It was basically a few varieties of mushrooms mixed with some veggies and polenta and served in this thick savory gravy like sauce.  Although I thought it was really good, it was also very rich and a bit hard to finish a large portion of it.  I do agree that it should be served with some rice or bread soak up the excess sauce.  Another stand-out item was the bacon peanut brittle.  Sounds weird, but it was amazing!  Who knew bacon and peanut worked so well together!  I definitely recommend this place if you want to try dishes you can't find elsewhere.
4	Just order a Stetson chopped Salad for each person in your party, some bread and dessert and you'll be in heaven!We also had the exotic mushroom stirfry... Good, but I am not a polenta fan, so that was a downer for me. Needed something to sop up the sauce. The "buttermilk marinated cornmeal battered fried shrimp" were gross. Some sauce like  a watery bruschetta was drizzled on top, and made the coating soggy and it had no taste...As for dessert, get the "3 Way chocolate and Peanut Butter" thingy... GREAT Salted peanut ice cream and buckeyes and a choco souffle with peanut butter in the middle. I got the cilantro and orange ice cream- the orange tasted like a creamsicle, the Cilantro tasted.... bland. The only thing resembling Cilantro was the green color...But, I'd go back in a flash for the Stetson Chopped....
5	AAAAmazing :)  We were in the Phoenix area for a few days and checked yelp to see if any yelpers had found a good place nearby.  They did, and they led me to Cowboy Ciao.  Thanks yelp, you've never steered me wrong!!!We went for the sharing approach and we ordered a lot, so that we could try different flavors.  Two of us= one salad, one appetizer, two entrees = YUM but stuffed.  We had the Stetson chopped salad since everyone seems to love it. It really was what people say, amazing. It wasn't a typical chopped salad, it was a mix of very unique but beautifully complementary tastes and textures.  Israeli couscous, smoked salmon or chicken, air dried corn (yummy, sweet, and with a texture that reminds me of astronaut ice cream), currants, and some other things I can't remember mixed together with Buttermilk dressing.  YUM!Appetizer = steak and eggs.  Very strange, needing "instructions" from the waitress, but it was very good.  Essentially some really smokey, good beef jerky, one pickled egg, and some shoestring potatoes, but more like chips.  Alone they taste aok but really interesting and good when eaten together, as advised.Entrees = a mushroom pan fry which was essentially a really really good mushroom sauce with lots of mushrooms in it (different types) and some polenta. Really good!  I advise that only mushroom lovers order this dish, it is definitely chock FULL of mushroom taste. AND pork chop...amazing with blue cheese inside, a nicely seared chop, yummy figs on top, really good bread pudding. Summary: really good mix of flavors, complexity, combinations, etc.  Highly recommend for those looking for new flavors!
4	Relatively easy to get in for an early lunch (say, when the doors open at 11:30am).  This place has a really neat menu.  Testosterone Salad with sirloin tips, greens, other stuff, and Potato Chips?  Pigs 'n puddin' which is pulled pork barbecued up on top of polenta.  Mushroom sandwich looked pretty darn good.  Seared tuna also looked tasty.  The item I ordered was the duck and brie melt sandwich.  Yum-O!  This place is worth trying just to read the unique food selection the menu.
5	Everytime I visit my uncle in Apache Junction, we sample at least one of the Phoenix  Metro Area's finest epicurean adventures. On this visit, we selected Cowboy Ciao, based on the outstanding rating and reviews in Yelp. Yelpers, you didn't let us down! This is absolutely THE BEST place we've experienced on all of our sojourns, and we've been to some really good places! There's lots of good stuff to talk about, but the food was so out-of-this-world, let's focus on that. We started with the Mini Mushroom Pan Fry, a smaller version of their "signature dish". The ancho sauce was so incredible that we ordered a ciabatta, not because we really wanted bread, but it would have been criminal to leave even a drop of the sauce behind. Next we had a special appetizer, seared scallops with a shrimp bisque. The scallops were melt-in-your-mouth perfect and the bisque became the next target for the ciabatta, which itself was served with two absolutely delicious olive spreads. We couldn't imagine the dinner getting any better than what was already perfect, but our main courses delivered! We both had the duck breast, a new addition to the menu, replacing the Duck Duck Duck. The duck breast was prepared expertly, rare on the inside, with crisp skin, and bathed in another killer sauce, this time ancho-orange. All remaining scraps of ciabatta were used to wipe our plates clean. We washed all of this incredible food down with a bottle of 2002 K Vintners Syrah, a steal at $62. Their wine list is the largest I have ever seen, but our attentive waiter, Bryan, recommend the K Vintners, and we savored every drop. Bryan was very knowledgeable about the menu and deftly guided us through our completely over-the-top dining experience. Alas, there was no room for any of the many interesting and tasty-sounding desserts. Next time we'll have to plan ahead for those! And there will be a next time...and another...and another...
4	Love the foodMake reservations, it gets busy.No matter how many times I come here, I still can never find it... old town scottsdale is like my Bermuda triangle.....I especially like the sweet and savory desserts that they carry.... bleu cheese cheesecake.... chipotle chocolate souffle.... mmmmm..... me love weird food!!!The wine and drinks are above average, with an above average price tag.So yeah, go there for a happy hour or a special occasion, it'll be good, promise.
5	By the time I ate here, I was totally cynical of all Scottsdale restaurants and was really thinking about having my lunch at In-N-Out.  I got off to a really bad start at this place, too, they made me wait for a table at this half empty restaurant.  Which was okay, I guess, because D. Frank Designs is across the street.   Anyway, I come back, the sweet little hostess girl has my table ready, but the poor girl is limping because she fell at home the night before and hurt her knee!!  She even shows me the damage!  So, I guess it's okay that I had to wait a bit.  I mean the poor working girl is maimed!!!So, wouldn't you know, she sits me in front of a window and it's hot as blazes there.  Geez.  So, I complain to my delightful servers Byran and Melia.  Yes, I get two servers.  I think they can easily identify a tough customer at this joint.  I quickly identified them as Mutt & Jeff.  So, Byran says he will tamper with my ventilation and I think, ya right.  But right away, it gets cooler and so do I.  Anyway, this place has "Republic of Tea" tea.  You can't go wrong with any establishment that serves Republic of Tea.  I'm getting stoked now.  So, anyway, I check out the menu and can't decide what I want.  I mean, I'm starving, but I'm not that hungry.  Bryan convinces me to try the Stetson.  He says that if I don't love it, he will take it back and get me something else.  He says that no one has ever sent back the salad.  That's a challenge I can't pass up on.  So, I've finally made up my mind and then that wonderful Melia  comes out with some incredible hummus, fresh chopped salsa and spinach tortillas to tide me over until my salad come.  The flavors were so amazing together!  So fresh and delicious!Next comes my Stetson Salad.  I don't need to describe it, because every yelp-er before me has done an excellent job.  But you don't know how really amazing this salad is until you try one yourself.  It is so incredibly good.  It's the first and only time that I have ever finished any salad anywhere.  It was so amazing.Anyway, the sad part for me was that this was my last meal in Scottsdale.  And it was just lunch.  I wish I would have eaten here sooner and I wish I could have experienced dinner.  I will be back.  And Cowboy Ciao will be my first stop next time.One of the things that I think sets this place apart, (besides the interesting food),  is the incredible service.  I felt like I was visiting Bryan's and Melia's and they were there to take care of me.  It's a very friendly place, I love that!!
4	Wow, this place is good. Excellent combination of flavors, very unique. The Chop Salad is super-awesome, buffalo carpaccio is delicious. The Wine list is huge... over-whelming really. They know how not to over-cook the salmon, and the pork-chop is great too. Service is top notch. Big thumbs up for this place. I go every time I'm in town. Get reservations on weekends. Mondays-Tuesdays are easy to walk-in.
1	This place is overpriced, poor menu design and flat out unimpressive.  Considering the price tag, I expected a lot more.  This place underdelivered like Alex Rodriguez in the playoffs.
4	Lots of good recommendations and reviews about this place, and it didn't disappoint.Tomato bisque soup - very good tomato flavor without being too sour.  Great starter.Stetson cobb - really unique and excellent salad.  The buttermilk pesto dressing is really good (I never thought of this combination, but it works great).mushroom pan fry - one of their signature dishes with 9 different types of mushrooms.  couldn't identify all 9 types.  it was good overall, but i think it needed a little more salt to really bring out the flavor.  Very rich sauce (lots of butter i presume).  Certainly a unique dish.  Tasty and interesting, but I'm definitely more of a meat person.Pig-n-Pudding - my favorite dish.  Very rich, creamy bed of polenta.  The pulled pork was very tender and tasty.  Extremely flavorful dish, uniquely prepared.The menu/dishes are certainly unique, and very tasty.  My only critique is that the dishes are extremely rich and heavy, which is good every now and then.  I'm not sure that their menu is one which you can eat every day, but then again, most people don't go to the same restaurant every day.If you're in oldtown scottsdale, definitely check out this place, you won't be disappointed.
5	My husband and I went here for our anniversary, and we were absolutely delighted.  (Just reading the menu is fun) start with dessert, each item is one of a kind.
5	We've eaten here 3 or 4 times - every time we visit from MI - and it's terrific.  The menu is unique from start to finish.  Their Stetson chopped salad is justifiably extolled by others on this site.  It includes arugula, smoked salmon, pepitas, black currants, sweet dried corn, etc. and has an awesome pesto buttermilk dressing.  And, just ask and they'll give you the recipe to take home.  Cowboy Ciao has a fun vibe, casual, and the employees seem to like working here.  Service has always been very good.  The server will take the time to explain items of interest on the menu.  Oh, and they have a creative mixed drink list and a better-than-average wine list as well.  I had the rainbow trout served with black truffle risotto and fresh vegetables.  Desserts are not to be missed.  I had "rolo ole", a chocolate tart served with macerated citrus fruits and homemade ice cream which was delicious.  My husband's dessert was even better -- I forget the exact name, something about Elvis -- with chocolate and bananas and peanuts.  Truly decadent and delicious.  I'd eat here every night if I could and would give it 6 stars if I could.  That good.
5	One of the best meals I have had on any vacation.  Cowboy Ciao definitely met my expectations.  First off the wine list was incredible!  Very, very impressive.  With so many options, we decided to have a wine course pairing.  We went for a couple of appetizers to share and a dessert along with wine pairings for each dish.  It was a real bargain!  I could not believe how cheap this option was compared to NYC.  when we got the bill, I thought there must have been an error.We ended up getting the stetson salad (a must! I agree.  There is crack in that salad and i usually am not a salad person at all), the buffalo carpaccio (cut incredibly thin), the crab cakes (yum!), the tiger shrimp (exceptional), the tuna (average), scallops (yum! yum!) and  calamari (very nice).  It was a perfect amount of food, and actually really meant for sharing.  The bread pudding was also to die for.The staff was really helpful when we needed to change our reservation.  I also loved our waitress, super perky without being annoying and very helpful with offering suggestions and explaining the dishes and wine for each course. While Cowboy Ciao claims to be Southwestern and Italian fusion, I would say that it's more like New American.   But, hey it is still very creative yummy tasty food!Next time I am in Arizona, I will definitely stop by Cowboy Ciao!
5	We do not go often. But everytime we have been I loved the food, the service and the feel of the place. As the old saying goes, try it you'll like it. ;-{)
3	I'm giving this three stars purely for the quality of the food. The atmosphere wasn't great, very dark then with a blinding spotlight on our table. The food wasn't bad, just most of the items were subpar at best. The chop salad definitely lives up to its reputation as delicious, and the "famous" mushroom pan fry was good, but certainly something we've had before. Note: the food comes very quickly, do not go to Cowboy Ciao expecting a leisurely, relaxed dinner. The prices are very reasonable, wine list is impressively affordable. Desserts leave nothing to be desired though they are strangely listed first on the menu?? Overall, not a great dining experience. We sampled several appetizers, none of which left us wanting more.
4	Went here for dinner with two other people while on a business trip.  The food was actually pretty good.  It is located in a great area also, near a lot of interesting little shops.I'm not sure what the classification of food would be... it's eclectic.  I had the following:Blue Crab Appetizer - Crab and avocado basically.  The crab was tasty.Scallops - Pretty Good scallops, not really a fan of the risotto.Mushroom Pan Fry - Good.  I am a huge mushroom fan.  I really liked the mushrooms but the sauce was a little too much and possibly drained the tase of the mushrooms a little bit.Their desserts are strange too.  I don't remember what it was called but it had the word lavender in it.  The ice cream was "Earl Grey" flavored and actually pretty good, but the pie/cake thing was meh.Atmosphere is pretty much pitch black.  Prices are on the higher side but not too bad.  Parking will be impossible at dinner time.  You will have to valet it nearby for $5 plus tip.
5	Okay, I'm a little biased because I met the exec chef and visited CCiao with him last weekend when I was in Phoenix, so I was a little like "wheeee!" The bartender mixed some drinks to jive with what I'd been previously imbibing at a previous bar (tasty), and the kitchen sent out CCiao's signature dish - the exotic mushroom pan fry. Delicious and totally filling. Followed by buffalo carpaccio (any kind of carpaccio is my weakness - this is rubbed in espresso and cumin), a sampling of pork belly (delicious), seared scallops (my god, yum), and a dessert of fig cookies and a dense flan that I simply wish I could have eaten more of. The atmosphere is cozy, stylish, comforting. Sit at the bar, grab a drink and catch out what's happening in the kitchen. If only there were a Cowboy Ciao in Denver!
5	My husband and I were really excited to try Cowboy Ciao after all the rave reviews we'd seen on Yelp and were definitely not disappointed - at least not by the food and drinks. The fact that we were less than impressed with the atmosphere (really dark, decor kind of reminded me of Black Angus) and staff (our server was overly enthusiastic when presenting the specials but not around when you needed more water or the check) isn't enough to make me take away a star or two because the food and drinks were delicious and well-prepared enough to make the experience a great one despite these drawbacks. I got the Movie Star Martini, and my husband got some version of the Manhattan (can't remember the name) - both drinks tasted like well-thought-out concoctions and were definitely worth the $10-$12 (which is something I cannot say for many over-priced restaurant cocktails). We started with the oh-so-famous Chopped and it was heavenly. We actually didn't like the Buffalo Carpaccio as much as we hoped we would - while the meat itself was tender and fresh, the chef had overseasoned it and the espresso and cumin flavors were overpowering. For our entrees, we had the pork chop stuffed with blue cheese and bread pudding and the short ribs with cherry bbq sauce. We were both impressed that the server asked if we were ok with having the pork slightly undercooked -this preparation is really the most flavorful, but many people remain uncomfortable with undercooked pork because of the trichinosis incidents of many years ago. Having it prepared this way made it so tender, and the meat's flavor was complemented by the bread pudding, figs/raisins, and flavorful sauce that accompanied it. The beef short ribs were also deliciously tender and came with a hearty but so rich serving of pecan grits. My favorite part was definitely the tangy barbecue sauce with whole cherries in it. Overall, this was a great (although expensive!) meal, and I am sure that we will return to Cowboy Ciao (maybe with guests from out of town) although the slightly-pretentious decor, service, and concept will probably prevent us from making this a more frequent destination.
3	Man, I really wanted to like this place, I mean, really, really like it.  Lick the plate like it.  So maybe my 3 star review is in reflection that it wasn't that.  Don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't great, either.  Just.  Ok.  Three stars.  I dig eclectic restaurants (see Medizona).  I love tossing flavor combos together in a way I hadn't imagined, so, for that, CCiao gets props.  I had the espresso rubbed filet (I like both of those things!) with smashed yukon potatoes (that sounds good) and a cabernet demi-glaze (whoa, cool).  Except, this dish was kinda the anti-Gestalt.  The sum was less than the parts.  I wanted to like it.  I really did.
3	Cowboy Ciao states, "Our aim is simple and true: thrill each and every guest, at every visit, with an entertaining and memorable dining experience." I wish Cowboy Ciao had lived up to its promise. The Roaring Fork is better for "urban cowboy" food, which is a surprise given the rave reviews that Cowboy Ciao has received.  The restaurant has dubbed the decor "Border Baroque," and they note "one reviewer called it Addams Family meets Old West bordello." To me, it's more like a Disney version of Spanish Colonial/Santa Fe with a "Touched by an Angel" vibe. One of the weirder elements is a raised table for four surrounded by faux adobe walls.  Prominently displayed above the table is a vintage-style black and white photo of a nearly nude male that has some strong gay bar overtones. The photo is cool, but it has a Rudolph Valentino feel and the only part about it that is even remotely southwestern is the wooden frame. It's an odd choice, but that is true for the entire Cowboy Ciao atmosphere.     The layout of the dinner menu is also odd. It starts off by listing the desserts at the very top. The titles leave lots to the imagination as there is no detail provided and it's unclear why the menu lists the final element of the meal first. The intent may have been to tease the diner with a tempting array of sweet (and savory) endings, but it really looks more like it was laid out by an inexperienced member of a high school newspaper staff. The Stetson Chopped salad ($12) was recommended by our server. It's odd that the menu provides no description for this salad, but that may be because the restaurant thinks this dish's reputation precedes it. The presentation of the salad is nice as it is arranged in rows of the individual ingredients running across the bowl (however, this presentation of salad is hardly original). The salad shows off good knife skills in the kitchen as the ingredients are uniformly chopped. The server walked us through the elements and then tossed the salad with the buttermilk pesto dressing. The BF really liked this dish and I thought the flavors were good and that the dressing was an interesting blend of ingredients. However, I really disliked the texture. It was chewy and gummy; almost like chewing salmon salad flavored gum. It's also over-priced. The entire salad would have measured less than a cup, so it made for a meager split appetizer. It's not like the ingredients for the salad are expensive. It's made up of cooked Israeli (pearl) couscous, Roma tomatoes, air-dried sweet corn, arugula, smoked salmon, and asiago cheese with toasted pepitas and dried black currants. Given the stingy portion on the Stetson Chopped, we decided to try the Mini Mushroom Pan Fry ($14). It's a scaled down version of the restaurant's signature entree. It features cremini, button, oyster, cepe, lobster, black, trumpet, shiitake, morel and yellow foot mushrooms in ancho cream. The sauce was a deep brown color, but it was in desperate need of salt. Even with salt, it was amazing how flat the blend of mushrooms tasted. The dish is served over "double-cooked" polenta. I'm not a fan of corn meal mush to begin with. Frying it after the initial cooking process is fine, but this version was dense and tasteless. When I order the signature dish at a restaurant, I expect to be blown away. That was not the case with this mediocre mushroom melange. Frankly, the Sauteed Mushrooms side dish at Durant's is better because those mushrooms are well-season and not enveloped in a sauce that masks the nuances of their individual flavors. The portion was more generous and the BF and I split reasonable servings for the price of this item.The BF decided to go with the Rib-eye special ($40) as his entree. It was a huge portion with a full pound of steak. The meat was nice, but it was way too aggressively seasoned. A piece of quality meat does not need to be overwhelmed with spice. The rib-eye came with what was described as a sweet potato hash. Coincidentally, the BF makes a superb sweet potato hash that is on the order of caramelized sweet potato home fries. The version at Cowboy Ciao was really lumpy mashed sweet potatoes with nothing approaching the texture of a hash. There is no excuse for lackluster side dishes.I ordered the Slow-Roasted Short Ribs ($31). The portion of meat was generous, but not enormous like the BF's steak. I liked the dried cherry BBQ sauce that was presented on the side. The meat was fork-tender and made even more delicious when dipped into the tangy sauce. The side dishes were again disappointing. The pecan grits were utterly flavorless and the pan-fried vegetables needed seasoning. Hiding the vegetables under the huge lump of grits was a less than stellar presentation.Our meal was not thrilling. Since that it what the restaurant aims to achieve, it was a disappointment. When we have a hankering for this genre of food again, we'll make our way to The Roaring Fork.Ciao, Cowboy Ciao.
5	I thought I already reviewed Cowboy Ciao, but apparently not. Actually, I'm really surprised I haven't gushed for pages about this place already because it's frickin' awesome.I hate to sound like a foodie asshat, but the menu at Cowboy Ciao is truly inventive. Peanut Butter Chocolate Bacon Brittle (for Dessert)and Blue Cheese Bread Pudding Pork Chops (main course) are just two of the insanely good things I ate the Cowboy tonight. The best things on the menu are the Stetson Chopped Salad (hands down the #1 chopped salad of all time) and the Mushroom Panfry. (I can't explain it, just order it). I have to have both every time I eat here. Some people might be freaked out by the menu, but those people suck. So please do not suck and go to this restaurant immediately.Giddy Up.
4	This is a must try restaurant.  I loved the wine flights.  If you eat here, you should definitely try one.  I would recommend the Mexican Standoff (no, it's not Mexican wine).  You HAVE to try the Stetson Salad.  This was maybe the best thing I had there.  The pork belly sandwich was also very good but a little short on the pork.  The mushroom pan fry was good but I'm not sure why it's a specialty.  The entrees were good but I think the salads and sharing plates were even better.  The espresso rubbed fillet and the fish were both good but not the reason to go.  The dessert... wow.  That earl grey ice cream is amazing.  Friendly service, fun atmosphere... a must try.
4	Just finished a great dinner at Cowboy Ciao. The chopped salad; a house specialty has more ingredients than I can list here but the mix made for a great starter. I had the stuffed pork chop it was awesome and the wine list is crazy lots of funny comments from the owners 3000+ labels and 12K bottles in the cellar.
3	This place does not need another review, but I'll chime in anyway.I have been dreaming of coming her for several months after countless hours of drooling over their website.I went for a late lunch with the Gorgeous Gabi.  We had the restaurant all to ourselves, it was quiet and comfortable.I ended up just ordering a salad, it was so hot out (surprise) and I just wanted something light. I got a Diet Coke and the Caesar Romero Salad (see pics) it consisted of; mixed greens with cilantro dressing, grilled lemon/herb chicken, fontina, cherry tomatoes and toasted pepitas. It was really good, I like the mixed greens in place of the usual romaine and although I didn't taste much cilantro it had great flavor.Our waitress was not very attentive at all, when she did come around to grab my empty glass of soda she did not ask me if I'd like another, instead she brought me a glass of water.........with a bug in it! I'm giving 3 stars for now, but I will go back because there are still quite a few things on the menu I'd like to try.
3	We ordered a different type of grits than what came with our meal.The completely unattentive waitress who I m almost possitive was on drugs, brought out the wrong ones.So after 15 mins we finally flagged her down and she reordered them.After seeing them sit on the counter for a while, we got another server to bring them to us..............It was the same ones we sent back!!!This happened three times before she got it right.I dont think Ive ever experienced De Ja Vu like that ever!!How many times can you reorder the same thing ?The food wasnt bad but not great.We got the ribs and the bbq sauce was too vinegary for me ( is that a word?)
5	My husband and I went here for a date night on 6/28/08 and it met all my expectations by far.  The food was to die for.  We both can't wait to go back.  I had some pomegranate green tea to drink that was really yummy.  Then we shared the Stetson Salad.  I am a vegetarian so they substituted the chicken or salmon for chunks of avocado.  Yummy!  This was just the best chopped salad every.  I don't think I can remember everything in it but the many different colors, shapes and textures were just thrilling.  It had dried corn, couscous, the avocado, lettuce.....and some pesto ranch or something like that...For dinner I had the mushroom panfry.  I have to say that I am not a huge fan of mushrooms.  I like them but I don't love them.  That said the waitress said it was the best vegetarian option and the reviews on it were so good that I went ahead and got it.  It has like 14 different kinds of mushrooms all cooked together in a tomatoey sauce with a couple triangles of polenta to eat with it.  It was good.  I was impressed.  Now I don't think I would order it again but that is just because mushrooms aren't really my thing.  If they are your thing I bet you will drool all over this dish.My husband had some expresso crusted filet mignon.  He said it was one of the best cuts of steak he had in his life.  He also really liked to flavor of the coffee on it.  I had to feed him a bite just so I could experience the cutting of it with the fork.For dessert we had the goat cheese cheesecake.  I think that is what kind of cheese it was.  I loved the filling of the cheesecake but not so much the crust or the sprinkles on top.  They reminded me of uncooked sugar cookies.
4	I don't consider myself a foodie, but if I did, I imagine this would be a regular on my rotation of local restaurants!  I actually have only eaten at Cowboy Ciao twice... once, a while back, for dinner, and then just the other day for lunch (with Sarah G).  I have to agree with Sarah... the lunchtime service was nothing special.  Our waitress was not overly friendly and she didn't give us much attention either.  We had to ask about several menu items including a refresher on the ingredients in the "Stetson Chopped Salad" as the menu doesn't say...Luckily, the company I was with made up for the 'eh' service.  The salad (I had the Stetson Chopped) was actually really unique and the perfect size for a light lunch.  I remember the wine menu being pretty impressive as well as that Exotic Mushroom Special, so I'm sure I'll be back to visit Cowboy Ciao eventually.  I'm probably being generous with 4 stars, but maybe it's just because I am giving them the benefit of the doubt.  In any case, as Stephy S likes to say... 'Ciao for now!'
4	This was another location for one of my engineering management dinners and what a great time we had. For some reason everyone thought this was a chili dive and during the bus ride, I heard more wining than a day care. Once we got there, the ohhhs and ahhhhs commenced. Cowboy Ciao has a fun exterior set in the midst of a buzzing part of Scottsdale. Inside is even better. The food was inventive and very, very tasty. The wine "tour" we were served was excellent and each was paired with a portion of the meal with perfection.
4	Rockin.  So many reviews on this one, just putting my four stars in there.   Great wine selection, great food, great fun.
5	I'll admit that I was stockpiling snarky comments before I was even in the front door. Cowboy Ciao? Oh. Ciao...Chow. A quick look at the menu showed that the place has a sense of humor and loves to combine ingredients that should not be combined. Bacon chocolate chip cookies? Do they go well with the special Kangaroo loin chops? I'll never know because I passed on both. Is deloining a kangaroo even legal??All that aside, what a great place. A wonderful and reasonably priced encyclopedic wine list including great wines by the glass. I had a glass of an Italian wine that was $6 a glass and phenomenal. The food was great. Get the chopped salad for a starter to share.Service was particularly friendly and attentive. Highly recommended.
4	This isn't *just* a lunch review. I say that so you'll understand that Cowboy Ciao is also a great option for mid-day dining. Of course I want to go back for dinner and check out that menu, but all in good time...For lunch, my hungry co-workers and I decided Cowboy Ciao was a fantastic Plan B (After Geisha so rudely dismissed us). Some of us were concerned about the price, but I figured I'd enjoy my lunch, no matter the cost, since it wasn't everyday that I get to dine at such well-received places. I ordered the Buffalo Carpaccio. It was on their "light" menu, with plates to share or options that won't leave you feeling overly stuffed. It was actually quite filling, with thin slices of seared buffalo, generous portions of goat cheese, a small green salad with beets and dried pieces of garlic bread (think upscale croutons). I loved everything but the dried bread. Oh well. It was soooo good, especially when combining the buffalo, goat cheese and green in a fork-full bite of pure enjoyment. My friend got the famous (or infamous) Stetson Chopped Salad. Imagine my surprise when it was smoked salmon as the main meat - not beef, as I expected. Then again, when I think cowboy + stetson, I think beef. Wouldn't you? Turns out the salad isn't named in the cowboy theme (which is tastefully displayed in the decor) but for the name of the street. Ah-ha! Clever, Cowboy Ciao. You got me there. Anyhow, the salad, though small for a hungry luncher, was beautiful presented - all ingredients lined up in rows, then "chopped" right before your eyes! My co-worker was a bit disapponted in the size of the salad for $12. It's definitely not something you should order if you're really hungry!My other co-worker ordered the daily special - an ENORMOUS sandwich that consisted of bacon, avocado, tomatoes, rooster (i forget the "special culinary name" for this) and toasted ciabatta bread. It was HUGE. Definitely a bargain for $10. I heard it was damn good, too. I also had a cup of their coffee. Yum. With fresh cream. I noticed it was a $3.00 cup, though. Dang. Next time I will accept the offer for a re-fill! Soooo... what's the verdict? Cowboy Ciao gets my seal of approval. It's a great place for lunch, especially if you decide to split a couple "light" plates. You may even opt for desert. How can you miss the delectable temptations, when they're the first thing on the menu you see? Cowboy Ciao, I'm on to you. You want me to be one of the many customers leaving behind witty remarks, don't you? You want me doing back-flips like an Olympic gymnast on my way out the door? Well, like I said, I'm on to you. But don't worry. It's a good thing. You definitely won me over, especially since, with tip, I was able to have a wonderful, satisfying lunch here for $20. Oh yeah, and Sean, our server, was A+. Can't wait to go back for dinner...
4	Please oh please try the sea stew! Its a meal in itself and may be the best palette pleaser in the valley.The atmosphere was so so, thrift store finds combined with generic catalog tables and chairs. The staff wasn't particularly friendly but satisfactory. Homemade ice cream and cookies were a treat low on sugar.
4	I found a parking spot like 200' away! Woohoo! Area around there reminds me of Brooklyn - Shitload of cars and no parking. Bleah, that is so not Kosher! Oh, what? Ohhh right. Yeah, we went there for a Special Occasion (Yeah, my 29 again B-Day beatches!) Since I made reservations we got our table right away. Vine list is INSANE! No, seriously. Its fucking genormous! Not like you want to spend 456 dollars on 1983 Bordeaux, but its there. Together with 27pages of other vine. But you know what? semi-Cute chick who was our waitress did REMEMBERED 3 different "If not" vine options we gave her. WOW, i am impressed. And our $21 bottle of some whackyass unusual  vine was really good too.Food was quite well prepared and good. I personally did not find it super exciting but it surely was good. That is it. Its a good joint, especially if you like vine. Go!
4	Cowboy Ciao.  What a sickeningly cute name.  Now I wish I had more to yelp about with you than a quickie business dinner with my boss, but that's all I've got.  Still, I'm gonna review it because I doubt I'll be back.  No, no, don't read that as a criticism; given the opportunity, I'd gladly return.  However, since I so infrequently make it to Phoenix (as in "never"), I doubt I'll be back.Nevertheless, I was happy with my brief interlude.  We didn't have reservations, but would've been happy eating at the bar.  However, in a strange twist only a weekday night would bring, the bar was full, but they had plenty of tables.  Table it is!  I ordered the mini-mushroom mix and the porkbelly sliders.  It was all very, very good.  In fact, I wanted very much to have more than the two sliders they served, but in retrospect, that's probably a good amount of fried up pig for most people.  Though the mushroom mix gets more hype, the pork won the night.Service was friendly and competent, even though we didn't stick around long enough to really enjoy it.  But they called a cab for us, the cab arrived quickly and we headed back to the hotel.  In all, four solid stars.  Had we stayed longer or I had another crack at you guys, I'm sure five stars wouldn't be too far off.  BTW, thanks to ex-Phoenician, current Yelper Robert M. for pointing me in this direction.
4	One of the best dinners I've had!  I had the pistachio-crusted salmon, while my date had the puerco lento (slow-cooked pork).  Both were delicious!  Since it was my birthday, we also had the chocolate-peanut butter dessert.  Oh my!  The buffalo carpaccio app was also a hit.I'd give it five stars, but the noise level here is ridiculous!  The ambience is a little cool and a bit dark for me, but still a nice  place to spend some time at, yet we couldn't hear each other speak.  I really do not find shouting conversations enjoyable.
3	I feel like Sean M (review on here) in that I was expecting an amazing experience here but was underwhelmed. The stetson salad was excellent and if I ever go back I would definitely order it again. We ate every last bit and wished there was more. The wine flight I ordered was also great and the wine menu is beyond extensive. After that, though I was disappointed. I ordered the special mushroom dish and was wondering what everyone was raving about. It was missing most of the types of mushrooms that the menu said would be in it and consisted of mostly baby portabellas and portabellas smothered in sauce with cheese. I could have made it at home and it was way overpriced for what it was. For dessert I ordered bread pudding which I thought would redeem the dinner. It was good but nothing memorable. Definitely not the outstanding food I was expecting based on many reviews here. Our waitress was great.  If I were in the area I would go again for the wine flight and maybe order an appetizer from the bar but I think the hype exceeds the food.
3	One word sums it up-DISAPPOINTING.This was my first time here, and I'm not all that anxious to return.  My hubby and I were headed to the galleries and decided to have lunch at Cowboy Ciao-my idea since the reviews were largely positive.We both ordered a boring 7-up before seeing all the specialty sodas available.  The one time it would have been helpful had our server been a slacker.  I ordered the tenderloin sandwich with roasted red peppers and blue cheese.  The tenderloin was tender and flavorful.  The roll that it was served on was toasted, yet still rubbery in texture.  Not chewy like good crusty bread, but rubbery  like they had microwaved it!   My husband had the ahi sandwich.  I didn't try it, but I could tell it was a little skimpy on the ahi.  His came with a side of potato salad which I did try.  I liked it, but felt it needed salt-a lot of it.  Too bad there was none on the table.I thought Cowboy Ciao has a nice menu, and I might be inclined to give it another shot sometime, but I was definitely not blown away.  Just okay for me.
3	We decided to try Cowboy Ciao for lunch and all I can really say is it was interesting but nothing spectacular. While we didn't dive into the wine list to kick off an early day of day drinking, I was pleased with the unique variety of non-alcoholic drinks including spiced ginger-ale, real Dr. Pepper (sugar cane), and other kinds of non-standard liquid refreshment. The Ahi Tuna sandwich was quite good but slightly skimpy on the tuna and the bread on my wife's sandwich honestly had the characteristics of being micro-waved. Table service was rather lack luster and not terribly impressive, our waiter seemed more like a wind up toy just going thru the motions. While I was disappointed, I do think that they are aspiring to a certain culinary excellence, as you would expect in Scottsdale where within 200 yards of this restaurant you can find a flood of exotic ingredients with fish and even burgers made of Buffalo and Ostrich thus I will plan on trying Cowboy Ciao again perhaps dinner will be the key.
5	Fantastic food, cooked by a chef that pays attention to detail.If you like Mushrooms, you'll be in heaven here -- try the Mushroom Pan Fry..  Great wine list too!
4	When I found out Cowboy Ciao was doing restaurant week, I jumped at the opportunity.  I had only heard great things, and with the RW prix fixe how can you lose?You can't.I am almost never impressed enough by a place during Restaurant Week to either want to go back or want to recommend it to others. With Cowboy Ciao, I will definitely be doing both.I started with the famous Stetson Chop Salad and I don't think I've ever been so much in love with a salad.  The combination of salty and sweet and crunchy and creamy was amazing.  I went with another famous dish for my entree, the mushroom pan fry, and I was very pleased.  Very interesting and delicious.  For RW, the dessert offering was a trio of 2 different cookies and banana peanut butter cake, I don't believe this is on the regular menu.  One word about that cake - orgasmic.I was so dazed off the great food, I can't even remember what my wife had for her entree, but I know she enjoyed it!For RW, they even gave a complimentary glass of wine which is a nice added bonus not normally offered at other restaurants during RW.  Perhaps the best thing about the meal, though, was the fact that the salad and entree were regular sized portions and didn't show a hint of lower quality than what I assume you would get on an average night.  And at $29 for the three courses and glass of wine, it was a total steal.  Best money I ever spent.The only down side with Cowboy Ciao, and I have the same problem with Kaz, is the novel of a wine list.  Firstly, my wife and I were trying to decide on a bottle and the waiter, though friendly and helpful in other areas, had no clue about any of the wines we were contemplating.  With a wine list that big, the place really needs a dedicated sommelier.  My second problem with the wine list is that it's organized by price and not by type of wine or growing region, which makes finding your choices for a specific type nearly impossible.  Want a bottle of sauvignon blanc under $35?  You've got about 30 choices, scattered through 10 pages of white wines.So if you don't want to start your meal with a headache, stick to beer or cocktails.  Hell, just get a glass of water and let the food get you drunk.
5	Great staff and never disappointing.  I have a hard time going here and not getting the Stetson Salad.  Interesting food combinations that definitely please the taste buds.
1	Went Christmas week and it certainly had enough business to shuffle our unreserved party of 4 to the bar.  Nothing wrong with that, as I love hanging with the bartenders and chatting.  Unfortunately, there was a slight stench of rotten bar towels somewhere in the vicinity that was unappealing.  The food was delivered quickly and everything was just ok.  Nothing to write home about.  then we thought the dessert would be awesome.  Well, the nuts on the side were stale!!!!  The ice cream was crystallized and the blue cheese cheesecake was eh.
5	There are two places that reside at the top of my list as must-go recommendations in the Phoenix area, and it's Cowboy Ciao and Pizzeria Bianco, but not necessarily in that order.  I'd give the Ciao 4 1/2 stars if I could, but since that's not an option and I love this place, it's getting the full 5 from me.Why?Well, to start, the magic words are "Exotic Mushroom Pan Fry".  On the menu, it's stated a guest described it as being so good, they wanted to take their clothes off and roll in it.  Personally, I feel that would be rushing things.  This is a dish you need to take out to its own dinner first.  Share a bottle of wine with it.  Ask it about its dreams and its favorite books and shows.  Meet its parents, ask them permission to take things to the next level, and when the time is right, then you can get naked and commence aforementioned slather rolling.Of course this only goes for mushroom lovers.  For those anti-mushroom-ites out there, I don't understand you, but turn your heads for a sec and hum the theme to Mario Bros while I whisper the ingredients to those with an affinity for Earth's favorite fungal treat:(Cremini, button, oyster, cepe, lobster, black trumpet, shiitake, morel, and yellow foot mushrooms in ancho cream over double-cooked polenta, topped with grilled portabellini, avocado, tomato and cotija cheese)I know, right?  And yes it tastes as good as it sounds.  For the mushroom challenged, you can look back now.  Another dish I highly recommend is their "Stuffed Pork Rib Chop" which is gorged with Shropshire blue cheese then grill-seared and oven-finished and served with ancho bread pudding, apple jus, raisin/fig compote and pan-grilled vegetables.  Holy hell this is good.  This is the kind of dish you cheat on the Mushroom dish with, let's call it your Meat Mistress.  This dish says to hell with rolling around naked, and suggests going straight to a threesome.  Any of the dishes on the menu will fit the bill for this taste romp, as would the many creative drinks they have to offer.  Just do what it says and remember to set your safe word.For dessert, skip the bacon cookies.  It's interesting and all, but really not worth it.  Instead go with the blue cheese cheesecake or the bread pudding.I've been here half a dozen times and loved it each time.  There are still many more dishes I'd love to try, including the hearty salads I never got around to.  I just hope their Testosterone Salad is named for being manly in its steak and bourbon soaked roots, and not due to containing millions of little swimming chromosomes.  Forget I said that... Oh hey try not to get lost in the wine list!  It's a labyrinth best left to the Goblin King.  But even 1986 David Bowie might not find his way out of this one.  Don't say I didn't warn you.  Just go with one of the dozen or so wine flights available unless you know exactly what you want.  The wine list has no real power over you as long as you don't show visible fear.  It can smell fear.
3	It's trendy, noisy, can be hard to get a reservation for, and some of the overly clever menu items will disappoint.But you still might go here for the mushroom pan fry, because the ancho sauce? It really is THAT GOOD.Salads are consistently overdressed; desserts miss the mark; cocktails are a bit too sweet typically. And yet I've gone back more than a couple times for the 'shrooms. So, if you're there, and you can get a table, I still say go try it. Service is typically good - quick and unobtrusive. Cheese plate is interesting and worth sharing.
4	Decided to go for Round 2 for a light dinner this time.  I found the food and service to be superior to our last experience.The husband and I shared the mini mushroom pan fry, and I see why it is their signature dish.  It was so good that I will not be sharing next time.  We also had the dungeness crab stack.  This is pricey ($20) for a small plate, but it was fabulous.  We had the cuppa' red hot chocolate to finish.  It was a to-die-for dessert.  A chocolate pot de creme (custard) with chipotle crema and a chocolate chipotle cookie.  Spicy, rich, decadent, all good things.Our server was excellent from start to finish.  This time I am confident we will return, just maybe not at lunch.
4	My favorite salad on the planet is the Stetson Salad at Cowboy Ciao. Go here if you're a winehead or if you just enjoy really good food. It's pricey so be sure to pack a fat wallet or your corporate card so you can write it off.
4	Well after reading many reviews and then getting a solid reference from a friend, my wife and I had a enjoyable meal here on our visit to Phoenix this last weekend.  Good food, lively and good service made it a good choice.  For food we split the small mushroom pan fry which was excellent but I think the small is about as much as most people could handle as it is very rich.  Then we split the chopped salad, just amazingly good.  For main course my wife had the blue cheese stuffed pork chop which was excellent and I had the lamb loin which was very good as well.  If I had anything to complain about was the wine list.  It is just too big.  There is no reason I can think of to have a 100 + page list.  It is in order by price which is a little odd to begin with but then it makes a little more sense once you get into it.  The mark ups are reasonable on most bottles but really 100 pages? We picked out a nice bottle, the glass pours seemed about the usual mark up too and they did offer some flights of wines too.  All in all I thought it was a fun place with good food.
5	I am in love.  This restaurant does everything a good restaurant should.  Ambiance, service and product were good.  The only disappointment I had was with the hour wait on the Monday we went without a reservation.My party of four had an excellent time celebrating a birthday.  Two had the short ribs.  Tender to a fault, served with delicious Bar-B-Que sauce and pecan grits.  One had the fillet with a spicy aioli and delicious potatoes.My meal was a huge pork chop, stuffed with Maytag bleu on a ancho bread pudding.  For an app I split the chop salad.  It deserves special mention and I do recommend it, but it is not a sustaining salad, more of a amuse-bouche.  For dessert we split the peanut-butter cheese cake, delicious.The beverages deserve some mention.  The wine list is this restaurants' only fault, it is tooooo long.  There is a smaller, delicious by-the-glass selection.  The beer selection is well crafted.  I had two of my favorite beers, Dogfishhead Chicory Stout, something I had only had by bottle, wonderful.I normally don't like high-priced eateries b/c there is often a lack of creativity, Cowboy Ciao doesn't disappoint.  Recommended over any Capital Griller or Flemmingsery for creativity and value for dollar.
5	Very, very good food here.  Get the short ribs if they have them. Desserts are unbelievable as well...would be a good place to go just for that!The short-ribs are served with a cherry BBQ sauce that is unbelievable.  I was so full, but couldn't stop eating.  I've also catered an event here before for a large group and it was awesome.  The menu can change often though based on the chef's desires/etc.I've been here twice and never left disappointed at all.  It would be a more frequented place if I lived closer to Scottsdale.
5	OK, I actually ate here back in October and meant to write a review soon after that. Better late than never! This place is one of the few places at the Scottsdale waterfront area that impresses me. I think it's a gem above the Pink Taco, PF Chang-izing down there. The Stetson salad was refreshing and delectable. I was impressed by the "air dried" corn and the dressing didn't taste like run of the mill Caesar. Also had buffalo carpaccio for an appetizer which I hadn't had before. It was thin and flavorful. I like overall how the menu had atypical fare. I had the special, pork loin with a corn-green chili waffle. The waffle's texture was perfect--crispy outside and moist inside. Couldn't leave without trying the bacon chocolate chip cookies. Very filling and the bacon bits are really tiny and subtle. This place is good for taking a small group of family members or friends as well as date night. My mom and I had a table by the window so we could watch people walk by. Also good in that there are plenty of places to walk off the meal after! And even though it's in Snottsdale, the service was friendly and pretentious-free.
5	We had dinner here last week and picked the place based on what we had read on Yelp.  This place completely lived up to the many positive reviews it has received.  The restaurant was outstanding.  We had a great waiter--Matthew who was helpful, knowledgeable, and attentive.  He gave detailed descriptions of everything we ordered and really helped us with our wine selection.  There were four of us and we shared two of their Chopped Salads.  As soon as we started to eat it, we all wished we had ordered our own.  It is every bit as good or better than described on this site.  It is very unique and delicious.  Additionally, they provided us with a recipe for it.  For main courses I had their Short Ribs which were outstanding, my wife and one of our friends had their Snapper special which was incredible, and my other friend had their Tasmanian Trout special which looked and tasted like Salmon.  We shared all of the dishes and loved them.  We visit Scottsdale every year and will be going back to this place next year.
5	The mushroom dish that someone was quoted as saying is, "...so good I want to roll around in it..." was AMAZING.  The ribs were AMAZING.  The service was AMAZING.  I love this place.  'nough said.
4	Went here when we were in town from San Francisco. We really enjoyed the variety, the wine pairings and the quality of food.  Service was good. The chopped salad  and scallops with beet risotto was the best!  We'll definitely stop by again next time we are in town.
4	Stetson Chopped salad. Go for no other reason but for this yummy salad. The rest of their dishes are pretty good too but hands down the salad is the best. Try it, you will not be disappointed.
1	This is a tough review to write.  The location was great and I'm sure the dinner would've been good too based on the other reviews.Unfortunately, my team didn't like anything on the pre-set menu and the restaurant didn't want to work with them on finding alternates.  I was a restaurant manager, so yeah, I get it - the food has already been purchased and prepped, etc.  But there were only 8 of us; how hard is it to be flexible?  How hard is it to say, "Yes of course, but we will have to charge you separately"?  When a group that is spending a couple thousand dollars on dinner tells you they're going to leave before you even bring the appetizers out, doesn't that concern you?  Wouldn't you send a manager over?If you're Cowboy Ciao, the answer to all of these is no.  What a bummer.
5	We went here last night and it was really busy. When we asked to be seated they asked if we had a reservation and we said no. This was close to 7pm. The next available seating was at 9:00 p.m. and this was 2 people. HOWEVER, they said that we could sit at the bar and order anything from the menu so why not?? I actually preferred to sit at the bar, it was just as fun and you could really survey the scene around you. We shared the seared scallops and beet risotto with goat cheese and dill cream sauce. It was sooo good I wanted to lick the plate and had I not been in a restaurant I might have. The risotto was cooked perfectly and the scallops were just right. This dish by itself was $14.00...not bad at all.For dessert we ordered the bacon cookies (chocolate chips cookies with cherries, pecans, and BACON). They were good, not the best thing in the world but really tasty and my friend's bf really like them too. Total meal: $31 with tax but before tip (wine $11 a glass, dish $14, cookies, $4). Next time I am in Phoenix I definitely want to make a stop here.
4	I'm going with 4 stars on this one because I'm torn. My first experience for dinner here a few years ago was terrible. I don't remember what I had and just remember the night being a bit of a blur...quite literally.  Did you know that you can do Vodka flights here?  My recommendation...enjoy the food vs. getting hammered.  Or at least eat your food first...then feel free to get wasted my friends.But my next trip to this place was AMAZING. Good food, good wine, good company...what more can a girl ask for on a Saturday night? So we show up on Saturday night with no rezzies. I was talked into "shooting from the hip" and alas how we ended up at a nice place with no reservations on a notorious date night...Saturday. To my pleasant surprise we are sat immediately in at a nice table near the window. After some quick (and quite witty I must say) banter between out waitress and my man-friend over the "Capon Breast", our drinks and Stetson salad were brought immediately. Oh how I love this salad...so Yummy! For dinner I had the Mushroom Pan Fry and although rich, I did manage to nearly clean my plate...of course after dishing 4 - 5 fork fulls to man-friend. He had the special which was Halibut and it was also delish! I was too full for dessert so my 2nd glass of wine sufficed well. My second visit here was amazing and I look forward to going back and trying more the menu. Maybe even some of the more exotic game?
5	Always a fave. Last night we stopped in before a party and we had a wonderful meal once again. We shared the All-American Cheese Platter and the Chicken & Waffles. The latter was a complete splurge but I'm glad we tried it. I've tried making fried chicken with rice flour and never quite achieved the crunchiness that these had. YUM. Corn waffles? Sign me up!! There was sage involved too....ooooh it was good. Next we shared the Pork Ribeye that was wow & scrumptious rolled into one. Cooked to medium it had some pink but the taste was out of this world! And umm....came with a side of Mac & Cheese. Yeah so I was naughty all night but naughty tastes gooooooood. Last, we shared the bread pudding - very good but the icecream was even better!Portion sizes here are quite large, I arrived on an empty stomach & there's no way I could have eaten an entree on my own! I know many think more for their money but really, when it's cooked that wonderfully you only need what you body can take!! Sharing like that was great & I wan't overstuffed for drinks at that party later on. Also had a cucumber drink - cannot remember the name! It was cold, frothy & refreshing. Not too strong & summery enough for it to be a perfect addition to the cheese platter. Cowboy Ciao is the place we hit when we can't decide on where - last night has proved once again they know what they're doing.
3	Our server was great...very easy going yet professional. We chose Cowboy Ciao because of the Yelp reviews and it was close to the Fire Sky resort where we were staying. I can't say I was all 'that' excited about the food here. We ordered the Stetson Chopped Salad because it was supposed to be 'all that'. It was interesting and tasty, but not to die for. I wouldn't go back just to eat it. We also ordered teh Exotic Mushroom Pan Fry which is a Signiture Dish for Cowboy Ciao. It also was good but lacked the pow that we were expecting. For dessert we had the Bread Pudding which was decadent and amazing. I'd go back just for this. All in all it was a nice dinner, good food, great service, but not super dee duper. It deserves three stars in my book.
5	Cowboy Ciao is consistantly excellent, which is surprising, since they own Digestif across the street, which is one of the worst food I have ever eaten....Go figure.  Definitely get the chopped salad side dish/appetizer, and their margaritas are pretty good too!
5	I loved the Southwestern influences and the really creative menu, so creative you wonder if it'll work, but everything we ordered did. Just looking at the dessert menu made me wish I could try them all, although "settling" for the Red Hot Chocolate (cinnamon/cayenne-spiked pot de creme with chipotle cream) was quite acceptable.I highly recommend having dinner here the first night of your first-ever visit to Phoenix, as I did.
4	The Stetson Chopped salad is as good as a salad gets. They have a great way of preparing it at the table so you can see exactly what goes in to this creative dish. I have had the salmon and halibut, but did not love either one. The next time I went I was smarter and ordered some meat dishes. The stuffed pork chop was very good and so were the short ribs. They have some wild things on the menu that I haven't tried such as bacon chocolate chip cookies.
3	Awesome location, cool place....the Chopped Salad is by far the most amazing salad I have ever had in my life (but way...and I mean way to small)...If it were double the portion for the price I would probably visit more. I had a flight when I was there...it took forever (as I know flights are supposed to)...but this was ridiculous...the buffalo meat is so gross...it reminds me of when a stray dog visits my lawn...The BBQ sauce is good....the staff is just OK. Nothing mind blowing. I think staff in a place with a pricey menu should spoil the guests a bit...Give away a free desert when you know the service and meal is just OK...this may bring your customer base back to visit just because you redeemed yourself at the end.Overall its a cool place. It fits with the downtown Scottsdale lifestyle. But stay away from the buffalo, because it will give doggy bag a whole new meaning....
5	Stetson Chopped Salad. Enough Said.
2	I liked it but it seemed over priced and not impressive enough to return.
5	This place is doing it right.  Stopped in for lunch and was greeted by a really friendly staff.  Our server was fantastic.  Had answers to all of the questions that we asked, whether it was about the menu items or the place itself.  It was clear that the crew is proud of their place and they care about what they are doing.My wife went with the chopped salad.  Best chopped salad I've ever tasted, for sure.  Seems like a lot of thought went into it. Well presented.I had the special.  A thick baguette slice topped with fried leeks and a filet, which was then topped with a fried egg.  Served with a demi reduction and chips.  Kind of a mix between steak frites and a croque madame.  A well thought-out dish that would make sense for breakfast, lunch or dinner.Excited to get back and try some of the other menu items.
4	Cowboy Ciao is a perfect example of a restaurant that teeters between 3 and 4 stars. A lot of things we tried here were good, but the likelihood that I'll fly to Phoenix just so I can get my hands on their cuisine is highly unlikely. To distill: It's good, but not that special. Nevertheless, the meal I shared was enjoyable. Things I didn't think I'd like (mushroom pan fry w/ polenta) I really liked, and things I thought I'd love (chopped salad) weren't enjoyable. The chopped salad everyone raves about has smoked salmon, which is on my list of nastiest ingredients for a salad ever. The shrimp and grits "grazing" plate was yummy, but neither the best shrimp nor the best grits I'd ever tried. My entree was the Puerco Lento, a braised pork shank in southwestern spicing, and it was okay but disappointing. The meat was not as tender as it could be and it seemed to be served atop a queso fundido soup with slices of potato. Whoever thought that was the best preparation for this dish has interesting and white-trashy taste. Velveeta, anyone?Our server was very nice and to my delight Cowboy Ciao serves bottled Diet Coke (a delicious rarity). The restaurant has dim but appropriate lighting, yet the atmosphere is on the casual and cold side. The menu struck me as upscale eclectic and unpretentious, but the taste tended to be heavy handed and their execution wasn't the best. It's possible that I'd come back here, but for vacationers (like I was), I'd recommend going elsewhere. This isn't special or great enough to visit when you're in the city for only a few days.
4	This is one of my old Scottsdale standbys.  The mushroom dish is great, the wine list expansive, and the food consistently good.  My only concern is that the last few visits have revealed that the menu is rather static.  We have always had a good experience here, but Cowboy Ciao was initially known as a refreshing alternative to the expensive yet mediocre restaurants that otherwise plague Scottsdale.  I hope they get back to that someday.
4	It was a unique dining experience. The staff were incredibly nice. They are the MOST professional staff in the entire Valley!!! They remembered our family on our subsequent returns.This is a fun place for foodies and out of town guests with adventuresome palettes. Depending on your family this can be a fun place for family outings. They were very accommodating and made a dish my 5 year old enjoyed!
1	I feel like I'm breaking up with someone by doing this but, wow, it's not me its you :( Digestif, I love you... But you can tell your ugly step sister Cowboy Ciao to never call me again.   My tongue is still smoking... in a bad way.
5	Awesome food, awesome drinks, awesome staff.  We always enjoy our visit to Cowboy Ciao.  It's good to see a restaurant that can focus on the food as much as it focus's on it's ambiance.  It's probably a good thing that it's not on the canal because I feel those restaurants simply charge a high price to make you feel like you are getting something exclusive but in reality you are getting an average meal.  With the exception of Olive and Ivy which is great for the patio.  Regardless we will keep coming back to Cowboy Ciao.
2	I've visited Cowboy Ciao many many times in the past and have always enjoyed it. Nowadays, it felt like an abortion must feel like to a 15 year old. The food was absolutely horrific. Sure, the Stetson Chopped Salad was tremendous as always, but my duck and brie sandwich as well as my girlfriend's papardelle pasta were flavorless messes. The service at Cowboy Ciao was the saving grace. I didn't get our servers name, but he was cordial and efficient. I'm going to give it one more shot for lunch, since for years it was my favorite lunch spot in Old Town, and I hate to lose it. It really was just awful though.1 star for food but 4 for service.
3	I really wanted to love this place after all the great reviews, but unfortunately I could really only give it three stars.  First problem--they couldn't find our reservation in the computer when we arrived at 9pm.  I'd called earlier that day around 4pm, and they said 2 people at 9pm was no problem.  We never did find out what the problem was, but someone may have said that they'd put us down for the wrong day?  Anyway, they apologized for the misstep and suggested that we have a drink at the bar while waiting for the next available table.  Comping one drink would have been a nice touch.  Not crucial, but a nice touch.  Alas, nothing was comped.  We waited about a half hour, and then were finally seated.Waiter was initally friendly and accessible, and helped us out w/ deciding how  many small plates to order between the two of us.  We ultimately decided on the mini mushroom  pan fry, the famous stetson chopped salad, buffalo carpaccio, and the scallops w/ beet risotto.  Salad and carpaccio came out first, and both were absolutley excellent.  Salad was the perfect amount for two people, with a ton of flavor.  Carpaccio was equally good, and well-seasoned.  I'd recommend both dishes completely.  There was quite a long delay before we received our second two orders, with the waiter nowhere in sight.  Finally the mushroom dish and the scallops arrived.  I had very high expectations for the mushroom dish, and it dissapointed.  It was extremely spicy, to the point that it masked all the other flavors, and there was entirely too much sauce happening on the plate.  Mushrooms themselves were well cooked, but again, not much flavor because of all the spice.  Now, I'm a self-admitted wuss when it comes to spice, but even the boyfriend who likes spice thought it was too much.  It just seemed like an odd dish to be so spicy.  I do realize that the description indicates ancho cream, but still, was too much.  Scallops were overcooked and the risotto (normally one of my favorite dishes ever) was bland.  Very little beet flavor.  Waiter disappeared again for quite awhile while we were waiting for the check.  Service just sort of melted down throughout the night.  To recap--first half of the meal was excellent.  Second half was sub-par.  I should probably go with two stars, but that salad was so good that it brings the whole place up another notch.
4	I met up with two of my gal pals for dinner at Cowboy Ciao a few weeks ago while I was in town visiting family.  I had been eyeballing the short ribs dish ever since I checked out the menu online and hoped that the dish would live up the hype that I built up. The dish lived up to the hype.  The meat fell off of the bones and was perfectly tender. There was some type of cherry BBQ sauce that came with the dish, and it was pretty strong so I used it sparingly. Honestly, the meat was seasoned perfectly, and it didn't need the sauce. The short ribs were resting on grilled veggies and Gouda cheese grits. I thought that I didn't like grits, but apparently when they are done right and with a shit load of Gouda, I love them! :) I knew I would be pushing my stomach limits this night, so I only had a couple of veggies. I needed the room for the short ribs and the grits.  Our waitress was attentive without being over bearing and helped us pick out a wine and beer for the group.    Good times were had at Cowboy Ciao!
5	I enjoyed a meal here this past Saturday with two girl friends and I have to tell you: THE best barbecue sauce I have had in my life! I am talking about the cherry barbecue sauce that comes on the side with the short ribs (which were pretty dry on their own). I am somewhat embarrassed to share that I was plucking the cherries from the sauce and eating them straight! The short rib was served on cheesy grits and while usually the texture of grits doesn't work for me, these were pretty good. I credit the abundance of cheese with altering the texture. Dessert was also delicious: the cuppa red hot chocolate is a mug filled with two layers of dense chocolate mousse at least one of which is laced with chile that inspires a cinnamon red hot-like burn in the very back of your palette on the finish. Definitely a desert to be shared. We also split the peanut butter mousse dessert which was in a chocolate cookie shell and was much less dense - in fact, it was runny and spilled out of the sides when the shell broke but the peanut butter flavor was perfect and it was accompanied by 3 chocolate covered peanut butter cookie dough balls. One for each of us -- we didn't even have to fight over them! Other great things warranting these stars? We were able to walk in on Saturday night and get a table; the wine list is extensive and includes very accessible options; the portions are huge and the price is moderate - more than a fair deal for the quality of food.
5	I had a great fusion ahi tuna sandwich here.  They made the ahi tuna with a spicy southwestern chipotle sauce on a ciabatta bread.  They added a a few other vegetables inside the sandwich.  It was absolutely delicious.  This has to be one of the best fusion combos I have ever had.  It came with a side of mashed potatos.  The actual menu is very limited, but I would come back here again just to get this dish and some wine (The wine list is huge).
4	I had my first Cowboy Ciao experience this past Saturday. I had the "Pig and Puddin" (yes, that is the name). I believe this dish is only served during lunch. The atmosphere was very nice and the staff was great.The meal was superb. The pulled pork was very tender and seasoned perfectly. The meat was placed on top of some polenta. The polenta was very rich, but wasn't served with a huge portion. There was also some dried cranberries and baby pumpkin seeds on top of the pork to top off the dish.. I wouldn't have thought these items would go well together, but they did.My wife has been here several times and really enjoys the food, especially the Stetson Salad.
4	I spent last Saturday in Scottsdale and ate dinner at Cowboy Ciao. It's in Old Town pretty much right across the street from the steps leading to South Bridge. I have eaten at Cowboy Ciao a couple times in the past and I was looking forward to returning. Cowboy Ciao kind of rocks the "Rustic Minimalist" approach combined with a touch of artiness. I don't mean that in a bad way, because it works well and is a nice change from so many Scottsdale eateries that ooze pretense. Some of the walls have murals on them that add a splash of color to the decor. The bar is in the center of the restaurant and the bar top is large, angular, and beefy. The restaurant seating and the tables are "plain Jane" for the most part. The one exception is a booth that is raised up on a small, decorated platform. Overall, the place has a warm feel to it. Noise levels in the restaurant can be elevated at times, but I never found it hard to carry on a conversation. If you are a wine fan, you will find Ciao's wine list both a blessing and a curse. The blessing is that they source their wines from Kazmierz (same owner), so there is something for every price range and palate. The curse is that the wine list is H-U-G-E and it's not in a user-friendly format. Instead of being by varietal, then by winemaker or price, their list set up by wine color, then price. When there are 20 wines, it's no issue. When there are 2,000 wines, well now you have to start digging. I wanted to order a half bottle of chardonnay, so that meant turning to the Whites section (mind you, it's the size of a phone book) and then looking page after page for what I wanted. Yes, I probably could have asked, but I'm a self-proclaimed wine snob and asking would ruin the treat of picking out something yummy myself. I finally bailed on the half bottle idea and looked to the wines by the glass list, which by comparison to the bottle list was very small and there were no Chardonnays I liked, so I ended up getting a glass of Kunin Grenache. It was reasonably priced ($11) for the quality of the wine and was very good. Earthy, fruity, and very well rounded for a Grenache. OK, onto the food. Cowboy Ciao's menu is best summed up as being eclectic. Now in my foodie experience, there is eclectic food that is just weird and then there is eclectic food that makes you say, "I'd never think of combining all that, but damn that's good". Ciao is definitely in the latter group. They have a nice selection of both small and large plate offerings. We ordered a variety of small plates to share. Here is a rundown of the items in the order we ate them:Stetson Chopped - This is one dish that simply must be ordered anytime you dine here. It is like no salad you will ever have because it's a salad in the loosest sense of the term. Arugula, tomatoes, couscous, dried corn, bacon, smoked salmon, and a couple other items that you wouldn't expect. All tossed together in front of you with an amazing basil pesto buttermilk ranch dressing. Order it and you will not be disappointed. Mini Mushroom Pan Fry - This is just a smaller version of what the menu proclaims as "their signature dish". About eight different kinds of mushrooms sauteed and served with an ancho pepper cream sauce over polenta. It's unique and good, but very filling. I'm not sure I'd want the entree-sized version all to myself. Dungeness Crab Stack - Large hunks of crab mixed with shaved fennel bulb and a little diced avocado. It has a light lemony vinaigrette that is infused with tarragon. It all worked together, but it was almost like there were too many subtle flavors in the dish and it added up to it being a little bland. Plus, I got tired of the fennel after a while as I felt there was too much there. Elvis in New Orleans - At least I think this is what the dessert was called. All I know is that it was so good. A fresh, warm peanut butter cookie, topped with bourbon ice cream, salted caramel sauce and other things to make your dentist cringe. Completely unredeeming - the way a dessert should be.The food is priced moderately for what you get. Most small plates are in the $11 - $15 range and are shareable. Entrees range from $20 - $40. The service was very good. Our server was attentive without being a pest and the front reception acknowledged and seated us very quickly. Final TakeCowboy Ciao delivers a solid meal and offers a unique variety of food. Pair that with an impressive (yet cumbersome) wine list and you have a great spot for dining. I will be back again as Ciao has much to offer.Overall Grade = B+ (Very Good)The EV Foodie
4	Came here with my man's family on Christmas Eve night. Let me start by saying that our waiter (Owen) was one of THE BEST waiters i have ever had. He was very friendly, always on top of it, and very helpful with recommendations. Here's what we had and what i recommend: Entrees: Me: New Zealand Lamb Loin - TO DIE FOR! They usually make it medium-rare, but i am not a fan of bloodiness, so when i asked if i could get it medium-well instead, the response was "Absolutely!" The meat was cooked perfectly and the artichoke risotto was fantastic! My Man, Man's Sister, Man's Dad: Puerco Lento - the pork was so tender and was falling of the bone. The sauce it came with was delicious. Everybody loved it. My man enjoyed it so much he finished The Sister's leftover meat. Man's Mom: Exotic Mushroom Pan Fry - our friendly and helpful waiter Owen recommended she gets the small one because the big one is apparently really big. Boy, the small one was so huge we could only guess how big the big one would have been... Dessert: The Man, Man's Dad: Breakfast of The Champions - i had a couple bites - absolutely delicious! Man's Sister & Mom: shared the pudding - had a bite as well - very yummy! Myself: Cheesecake - pretty darn good! I must also add that the wine was fantastic, and while Me & The Sister had a glass of red & white, The Dad ordered a flight of red - there was more than plenty of wine in that flight! The only small disappointment i had was the ciabatta bread - it was fresh and delicious but i thought there was too little of it. The design of the place is very unique and the menu is very funky. With superb food and fabulous service this place certainly has a great atmosphere. I will definitely go back next time we visit my man's folks!
1	Very disappointing. We had dinner in new years eve... plates came out over one hour late, quality substandard relative to pricing. Nice setting. average service, horrible food.
3	The confusingly and creatively named Cowboy Ciao was my side of the compromise candidates for a family visit, as I wanted to try something with more haute with a local flair if we were in the price range anyway. A cautionary note for the iPhone-less masses, Google Maps led us astray while heading here on Scottsdale Road, so familiarity with the area, or at least a map thereof, is a prerequisite to an on-time arrival.After finding parking far more quickly than the actual restaurant, we entered and were seated in a side room with what can be best termed a western-themed mural with some cowboy representations away from the action of the main room and bar. This was clearly a selective preference that went over well with my parents, but judging by the plural number of people asking to be reseated in the bar area, it is definitely not universal. Otherwise, Cowboy Ciao is relatively minimalist and focuses on the food:- Pork belly ($12): Pass. Unremarkable.- Panko-crusted Halibut ($29): Pass. Disappointingly bland and dry. - Peanut butter brownie ($10): A stealth cheesecake full of flavor, but the requested substitute of five spice ice cream over the banana bourbon was definitely the highlight.For perhaps the first time in recorded history, my parents made far better ordering decisions than I did, samples of which made me realize my shameful error:- (Mini) Exotic Mushroom Pan Fry ($14): Signature dish for a reason. I could easily leave the polenta, but the varieties of mushrooms themselves in the complementing sauce I'd only like to leave in my stomach.- Pork shank (~$28): Soft, juicy, and very well-matched with the cranberry walnut sauce more appropriately called a curry than a chutney. - Short ribs (~$28): The meat itself was solidly tender, but the real attraction was the dried cherry barbecue sauce, so much so that I wished I could have eschewed the high-end proteins and just gotten it with a plate of sliced pork.Based on our experience and having heard what I did about the "Stetson chopped" I would certainly return for a visit where I hopefully will choose more wisely, lest I further disappoint myself and any dependent companions.
4	On a receommendation - we went to CC...was told that the chopped salad is to DIE for!  No joke - get this salad.   It is the best.  People that don't even eat salad eat this.I also had the mushroom and the crab.  Crab needed some acid and the mushroom was great - except where were the cool mushrooms.  They listed lobster, black trumpet, yellow foot, etc...and all I ate were portobello and button.  Nothing wrong with that, but if those other shrooms are really not going to be in there, then don't list it and I'll eat something else.  Dessert was ok as well.  Their shining star - for sure that dang salad!Our server was awesome too - loved her!
4	Had a fabulous dinner last night. Service was excellent! The wine list was extraordinary - largest I've seen. The Stetson Chopped salad is a MUST!!If you are ever in Scottsdale - don't miss it.
2	When I heard about Cowboy Ciao I was excited to try it. The food sounds so interesting and flavorful. We wanted to try as many dishes as possible, and they were such extremes. We started with the Calamari as we do every place we go. It was not great; the calamari itself was okay, nothing amazing, just okay. The sauce it came with was not good and the combination of the sauce and the calamari was downright gross.Then we tried the Mushroom dish, and it was really good. So flavorful and really rich. I wish I had bread so we could eat the sauce. Highly recommended.The third dish was the Tiger Shrimp with grits (I think) The shrimp were good, but they used Pace Picante Sauce with the grits and it was disgusting! I wish I was kidding about the Pace, but honestly if I went into the kitchen I bet I would find a jar...The fourth dish we tried was the Spare Ribs, and these were really good, I would recommend these as well.The dessert, Peanut Butter and Chocolate Brownie, was not impressive and could have lived without.The roller coaster that was our meal was not what I would have expected for the price we paid and I probably won't go back. This is why I gave it 2 stars.Sorry guys, but maybe you should re-look at some of your dishes...and the prices as well. Is it because it is Scottsdale that they can charge whatever ridiculous price you want?
4	The cheese plate pretty much set the tone for our meal.  The servings were generous- probably about a half dozen cheeses with candied nuts, perfectly toasted baguette slices, and a sliver of a date and nut cake.  Delicious.  We ordered it primarily for baby girl but she turned her nose up after a few nibbles.  No matter, more cheese for us.We got the signature mushroom dish, the tuna salad poached in duck fat, and, to be healthy, the grilled vegetable entree.  It ended up being a lot of food for the 2.5 of us.  Can't add anything that hasn't already been said about the mushrooms.  The tuna dish was amazing- soft, flavorful, contrasted with sauteed greens and grape tomatoes.  The portions were so generous that we couldn't even finish, sadly.Our server was super cool about our cranky little girl and swiftly wrapped up our 4 plates when we had to call it a night.  I think that he felt worse than we did about having to leave and he kept telling us not to worry.  My only complaint is that we had a bag of take home but no cutlery.  We've been doing too much dining out during this trip and other restaurants have been kindly throwing in plastic-ware with our doggie bags.  A minor point, to be sure.We regret not having the time to order dessert but we did pick up some of their bagged bacon, chocolate popcorn as souvenirs.  At $7 a bag, it is a bit pricey.
4	We have been coming here forever. The long bar is a great place to grab a cocktail or glass of wine on a weekend, but the real reason to dine at Cowboy Ciao are two of their signature dishes: The Stetson Salad and The Exotic Mushroom Pan Fry. The salad is mixed table side. Order your own, you will not want to share it. Fresh arugula, plum tomatoes, salmon, corn kernels and couscous, blended with a dressing that will make your mouth happy. Yum, I get hungry just writing about it. The Exotic Mushroom Pan Fry is just as good. It is a mix of shitake, oyster, black trumpet, morel, magic (just kidding), porcini and any other kind of mushroom the kitchen can lay their hands on, swimming in an ancho cream sauce and served over polenta with avocado on top. Double yum! This is a great dish to share or order in the appetizer size.
5	WHY did I not order a Stetson Chopped Salad for myself instead of opting to share it with my girl?! BAD BAD choice, on my part. Once again, after 2+ years of not having one, it blew my boots off.We made reservations and they seated us as we walked in the door at our appointed time.Our server, Gabe, was extraordinary- attentive and on the ball.We split the Stetson Chopped, had an order of "Crispy Mac N Cheese" and the BBQ ribs with the cherry BBQ sauce. The mac n cheeze was okay, a little dry, though they did provide a nice salsa thingy to moisten it up. The ribs n cherry sauce, OMG!!!Wish they would sell the Stetson Chopped and ship it to me in San Diego... I am sure they would for a price, eh? I'll let you know how that day goes.
4	I have been here three times and all three have been great experiences!!  I have always ordered the the mini Exotic Mushroom Pan Fry ..because after trying it the first time I was there..I just can't get enough!  Soooo yummy!  Very nice ambiance....great service...and probably the largest wine selection I have ever seen!  Love this place!
5	Excellent. Great service. Amazing food!  I Had a the "Puerco Lento", a pork shank cooked with cumin, chipotle, and paprika.  Served in a creamy sauce with potatoes.  My husband had the special which was a giant steak that he managed to polish off.  "The best steak I've ever had", he said.  The next time we are in Phoenix we will have to come back here!
4	The salad was mind-boggling.  Seriously, it was like a party in my mouth with so many unique flavors.  It wasn't very big, but I'll pay whatever it takes to taste that again.The calamari was great by calamari standards, but it was small for the $10 price tag.  The filet mignon was perfect.  That's all I need to say about that.The mushroom dish was good, but I was expecting a lot more after reading all these reviews.  It definitely needs some meat, the polenta didn't cut it.The bread pudding was very good, but I wasn't a fan of the licorice-flavored ice cream it came with.  Overall, my food experience here was excellent and I'll be coming back.
1	Cowboy Ciao...well...no. Yeah you have all heard the hype, excellent food, etc...! It was medicore at best. We had some small plates just to test the waters at this place. I have been wanting to try it for years and finally we got a chance to go. What a complete disappointment. We had the chopped salad, server upsold us from the $6 salad that seemed better IMO. The chopped salad was nice for about 3 bites, then it got boring. So boring I could barely taste it after the 4th bite. Not real strong in flavors, not enough salt to bring out the flavors, very blaaa!  Next we moved on to the mac and cheese. YUK! Absolutely aweful. Dry, flavorless with a hint of spice. Boring. No real cheese flavor, totally disappointed but ate it anyway. Next we had the dungeness crab enchilada's....boring!! No real taste of crab in the enchilada even though I did have a OK amount in there. All I could taste is the spicy cream sauce poured on top. Very bland, never a taste of fresh crab that would have made the enchilada. Not good at all. We did have sampler desert plate (on the house) which was very good. The mousse was great, cheesecake was excellent but I was slightly disappointed again in the bread pudding that is so talked about. Not very flavorful, little dry and the compote overpowers the bread pudding, sorry but vanilla ice cream alone works best.Overall, totally disappointed. Will never go back. I have had better....way better for the same price. Service was great though, our watress was wonderful.
4	This restaurant is as good as most of the reviews say it is.  First, the service was impeccable and the atmosphere was great.  From the outside, it looks like it would be ultra pretentious due to the dim lighting, but I was pleasantly surprised to find it was much more laid back.We sat at the bar because the restaurant was so busy, where Maryanne was our bartender and server.  She did an amazing job despite having to tend to the needs of about 15 other people sitting at the bar.The food we ate was absolutely incredible.  I can't recommend the "Stetson Chopped Salad" enough -- the menu doesn't tell you anything about it other than how good it is.  Trust me, it's mind blowingly good and you should order it.The New Zealand peppercorn Lamb was fantastic as well. Cooked perfectly and well seasoned. When I'm back in Scottsdale, I'm making it a point to come here again..
1	Wow.  This could possibly be the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant.  First, they seated us in a back room that had a completely different ambience from the main dining room... this was like a bad addition with high-watt fluourescent spotlights and rickety tables crammed into the corners surrounding a party of ~20.  The worst part, however, was the insanely loud party of Scottsdale douchebags that were having some sort of party in the room.  The staff acted like they didn't even notice and made no attempt to quiet them... I'm talking slamming on tables, screaming across the room at one another, and just general douchebaggery.  The food was mediocre... the appetizers were cold and my pork chop was certainly nothing special.  Do yourself a favor and spend your money somewhere else.
3	I feel this restaurant seems to be having an identity crisis when it comes to the ambiance.  It's a mix of the Texas Roadhouse meetings Le Cirque but definitely not on Le Cirque's level.We had high expectations after seeing the other yelp reviews and drooling over the menu, but for me those quickly faded within 15 minutes of entering.I ordered  the wagyu burger.  Being the incredibly picky eater I am, I asked the server what would come on the burger.  He didn't exactly tell me everything on the burger that when I got it, I had to remove some stuff that I didn't want.  So that in itself ruined my experience.   The end result was okay but left a bad taste in my mouth.Another instance of what I feel was bad communication was that I wanted to order a side of fries.  I knew they had fries as there were other entrees that had fries listed.  However, the waiter looked at me like I was from Mars when I asked if I could order a side of fries.Other reasons for the bad review1. No free refills on soft drinks.2. We had a waiter that seemed to have a stick up his you know what3. The decor made me feel like I was inside a pepto bismol bottle while drunk.Just not my cup of tea.
4	After finally figuring out that by some kind of insane voodoo logic, E. Stetson Dr. magically reappears after ending at Drinkwater, my special lady and I found Cowboy Ciao and the other E. Stetson Dr. and had a nice light late dinner and drinks.It seems like every place I went had an amazing space, and CC followed suit with their sprawling dining room. After a nice warm greeting from a pair of smiling hostesses, we walked in on a Wednesday night around 10 and took a seat at the bar.After reading some reviews on Yelp, I was intrigued, but embarrassingly, I was swayed by a picture of the 'meat and potatoes martini' in the hotel tourist magazine. This means a piece of deep-fried bacon with a potato vodka martini. I had to have this.My dainty little girlfriend ordered some drink with strawberry aqua fresca, and I got the meat and potatoes. She got hers first, as my bacon was fried to order, and it was well-crafted, delicious, and not overly sweet.As my drink arrived, I decided to take a sip, leaving the steaming slice of bacon perched on the glass directly beneath my nostrils. You must do this. The smoky aroma works with whatever I don't remember was in that besides vodka. Then I took a bite, and honestly, it would have to be the best aperitif one could drink. It's like an olive martini on steroids. The savory, salty, meaty, alcoholly concoction got me in the right mood.Speaking of me drinking, I continued to do so with some of the excellent wine they offer. She got the Arizona white, and I got the Grenache. I absolutely love it when you can order medium to light bodied red wine that isn't pinot noir by the glass. Nothing against pinot, but I love creative wine programs.Apparently, I loved it a little too much, because somehow I ended up spilling an incredible amount of red wine all over one of my favorite shirts, which happens to be baby blue. This is when George proved his meddle as a magnanimous host and savior. Seeing my faux pas, George immediately went for the wine-off and literally saved my evening. That stuff is amazing...it was like those oxy clean commericals...the red just went away. I went from buzzed happy, to incredibly embarrassed, to even more buzzed and happy in no time flat.We ordered the famous Stetson Chopped Salad and the mac 'n' cheese to split. I never thought I would like a salad with dried corn and smoked salmon in it, but people, you owe it to yourself to try this. George was explaining how this salad was his recession-buster, and I can imagine, because it's totally unique. I have a pet peeve with overcooked pasta, so the mac wasn't my favorite, but it tasted good.One benefit of eating a light dinner is leaving the option for dessert wide open. We capitalized on this by devouring an order of the bread pudding. A perfect portion, it melded beautifully with the cranberry compote and 5-spice ice cream, which was amazing in its own right.I'm definitely coming back next year to try an actual entree and say what's up to George.
4	WoW.  I was not expecting the food to be this good.  This place could compete in NYC where the world's best restaurants are.  If you want a special occasion spot where you KNOW the food will be divine this is the place to go. I had the pork loin and my friend had the filet.  Both cuts of meat were exceptional and perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The sauce on mine was OUT of this world, as in heavenly.  I couldn't experience wine with my meal, because I am preggers, but my friend had a nice red from Washington that our waiter recommended.  It was excellent.  We also had the peanut butter brownie upside downie- amazing.  It's a winner.I have to take my hubby back here so he can experience this food.  It will be a staple to take friends to when they come to town.
5	Same 4 people had dinner here a year later.  We thoroughly enjoyed this place again.  We started with two orders of their chopped salad and it is outstanding.  You would make a big mistake to go to this restaurant and not order that.  Very unique dish, tasty, and just overall enjoyable.  For our main course, I had their Pork Shank and it was terrific.  Huge portion with very tender pork off the bone, with a nice bark type crust yet so tender.  My friend had their stuffed Pork Chop and raved about it and the two wives split 3 small plates--1 was a small version of their mushroom dish, another was scallops with a beet risotto (they liked this one the best), and the third was a sliced BBQ Pork with a picked slaw--nice mixture of sweet and smoky.  They really liked all 3 dishes.  For dessert the 4 of us split a dessert called cereal killer which was ice cream with frosted flakes brittle, caramel sauce, and an oatmeal cookie.  Very good and plenty for the 4 of us.  Our waitress--Patricia was outstanding.  She was very knowledgeable about the menu and about the wine and seemed genuinely interested in our well being.  She is a top notch waitress.  We will be back again next year when we come back for spring training.
4	It's no secret that I love cowboys. I love anything that has to do with cowboys. One day, I will make a cowboy mine...*ok calming down now* So the decision to dine at Cowboy Ciao was a no brainer! Next, I need to scold myself: WHY haven't I been to Cowboy Ciao for a meal before??? BAD Dottsy! BAD! Moving on... I visited CB's with two friends and didn't know I was going to be hit upside the head with some REALLY. GOOD. FOOD. We were greeted and seated immediately, which was quite a surprise for a Friday night, but there was a table just about to leave so we lucked out. I decided on having the special of the evening which was the Harris Ranch Rib-eye with creamy spaghetti squash. My dear Yelpers, I dream about the dish to this day! I had it perfectly rare which made me a very happy Diva! The spaghetti squash was perfectly cooked and perfectly creamy. It was amazing! I am batting my eyelashes blissfully as I type these words. We also split a dessert that was equally delicious, but I don't remember exactly what it was. I do remember a chocolate cup filled with a peanut butter mousse. Fab! Oh wait! How could I forget the cup of chocolate with chili mixed in? Again, another GREAT dessert...So why not 5 stars? I have yet to return to CB and you all know I don't give it all away on a first date! I excitedly await my next visit to Cowboy Ciao. The food was masterfully prepared and I enjoyed my entire visit!
4	This is a cool place to go. Great atmosphere. My husband and I usually sit at the bar and split a few dishes and we were happy to see that the bar here is very big. Our server was sort of attentive. He needed to be prompted to come over to us. Once there he was a little on the superficial side. He seemed like he was just going through the motions. The food was fantastic. The scallop and red beet risotto was amazing. The Mac and cheese was really good too. The wine list was a little uninspired. It was okay, but they could do A LOT BETTER.I am looking forward to eating here again next year when we will be in Scottsdale again.
3	So My BF and I are trying a few places in prep for his family's visit for his graduation. This means we are allowed to eat ridiculous amounts of food in the name of science. Cowboy Ciao was the first stop on this tour and they satisfied and impressed.We had to get a reservation for pretty early in the evening, since we called on short notice, but our waitress was very nice and knowledgeable about the menu. We of course tried their Stetson Chopped salad, which was delicious. The pine nut trail mix is probably my favorite part. The boyfriend also got the soup of the day, but I didn't think was  too spectacular. For entrees he got short ribs and grits with gouda. I got the lamb with artichoke risotto. We also shared a mini version of their mushroom mix polenta dish. The mushroom dish was amazing, one of their signatures and for good reason, and I definitely preferred Jordan's ribs and Grits to my lamb, which seemed a little dry. The risotto was the better part of that dish, very well done and great flavor (creamy without being mushy). The boyfriend's grits were absolutely the best thing at the table. I would eat a whole plate of just those grits any day of the week.We took a lot to go home (no way we were going to eat all of that in one sitting!) and also got their peanut butter brownie desert and bread pudding to go. They make their own ice cream, and were able to package everything separately so there was no risk of melty, running dessert on the drive home. I got the peanut butter brownie and it was super tasty - rich and sweet without being overpowering (the boyfriend disagreed). The bread pudding was good, but not amazing.Overall, i really enjoyed the signature dishes, as one should, and the side dishes of our 2 entrees. I love the atmosphere and the variety of dishes, plus it's really quite moderately priced. I would definitely recommend Cowboy Ciao but I wouldn't say it's the greatest thing since sliced bread.
4	Ride em Cowboy!  This place is a nice little gem in Scottsdale. We had short ribs over polenta and a terrific seared ahi tuna sandwich. We really like the decor and atmosphere and the fact that you can get a bottle of the "Original" Budweiser.
3	Tried it. And it was pretty good but not outstanding.  This place has a nice creative mix of flavors and textures (which can be good OR bad depending on your expectations).  Overall it's a solid choice for dinner and unique spot for the out of town guests.  But I struggle to make it back, since there are many other _great_ dining establishments nearby.
5	I live, work, eat, in San Diego however I happen to hail from the Grand Canyon State and happened upon Cowboy Ciao on a brief biz trip. I think this place has some of the most delicious food I've ever had and makes me miss Arizona! My parents took me there- they loved it and they even whipped up a special BBQ sauce ON THE SPOT for my Mom because she had a food allergy. Oh, AZ how I miss thee... Fancy Cowboy food included. I recommend the meat- of course!!!
4	My faith in non-Mexican Arizona cuisine has been restored.  Maybe I just don't head in to Scottsdale enough.  That is going to change.  Cowboy Ciao is a new favorite, especially for this mushroom lover.  The chevre, beet, scallop risotto isn't bad either.
4	Solid.  I went w/ the waitresses' recommendations & had the seared sea scallops w/ beet risotto - freaking good, and the short rib risotto - tasty but strong flavor.  I went w/ the bread pudding served up with vanilla bean ice cream & cherries.  Since I'm not a huge cherry fan I didn't hearts it galore, but many people seem to love this dessert here, as well as the short ribs, mushroom pan fry, and chopped salad.  They also have a thorough drinks menu - incredible wine list, but I tried one of their mixed drinks w/ strawberry agua fresa.  I don't remember what else is in it - but it was really good!
2	My folks had a long layover so we decided to head to Cowboy Ciao for a unique dining experience. I hadn't been there for several years and was really looking forward to getting back. Unfortunately, the staff wasn't nearly as excited to see us. From our initial drink order, I could tell it was going to be a disappointing night. The waitress was frustrated with questions about the wine list and we had to ask over and over to have waters filled -- even for the kids. Next, the waitress was visibly put-out when my folks decided to split a dish because they weren't overly hungry. To be clear, the food was fantastic. The Pan-Seared Panko-Crusted Halibut and Espresso-Rubbed Filet Mignon were crazy good. For the kids, the Crispy 'Mac n' Cheese' sounded way better then it was, plus it was a little too spicy for our 12 year old (who typically likes a little spice). If you're up for great food that is a little over-priced, there are literally dozens of options within walking distance of Cowboy Ciao. It's just not worth spending an hour or more at a place with such lousy service in our opinion...
5	I have eaten here twice, and can say it is easily some of the best food in Phoenix.  (I would eat there a lot more often, but it's a long ways from the Northwest Valley).  You MUST get the chopped salad, it really is THAT GOOD.The scallop appetizer may have been the best scallops I've ever eaten.  Our table had ordered one or two of these to share.  Do not make the same mistake.  Order it for yourself, if someone else wants it, tell them to get their own damn order.  Next time I may just order these for my entree.We also really like the halibut.The drink menu is very creative, too, and worth a dabble.
5	There's absolutely noting bad and every thing' great about Cowboy Ciao. From a novel of a wine list to the unique creations flowing from the kitchen, bring the date, throw a party or just hit the bar. This is a must when in the area.My original reservation through OpenTable was for 4 at 8 PM on a Thursday based solely on Yelp reviews. I was on business in the area and wanted an escape. After talking up the unique menu, interest sparked and I called to up the table to 10. The staff said they could make it happen at 8:30. By 7 the interest had grown to 19 and we have a full blown party on our hands. I was nervous but Ciao  came through. 2 tables were needed 14 and 5, but we were right next to each other. 5/5 for accommodating us on short notice. The restaurant was packed too.Time to get our drink on. Cocktails were flowing but I was more intrigued by the huge wine list. The size of a Steven King novel and equally as scary until the waited explained the layout. Arranged by price with sections for "Featured Winemakers" it was surprisingly easy to follow. "Two bottles of Santa Barbara County Pinot please".Great service and the amazing wine list beware, time for food. Not wanting to commit to a Big Place as it's called, I decided hit the Grazing section for sustenance. Ciao Mixed Greens with smoked tomato vinegerette started off the festivities followed by Abs of Squeal: curried Berkshire pork belly, grilled, with Thai chile/cucumber salad, chile oil, sweet soy and Seared Scallops over a Beet Risotto served with dill cream sauce and goat cheese. Outstanding! Beet risotto? Never heard of it but now I'm going to try and recreate it. Food portions are huge so if you with a Big Plate, you may not even need a starter. Others enjoyed the massive New Zealand Lamb Loin and Pork Rib Chop stuffed with Shropshire blue cheese. Dessert was a delicious White Chocolate Brownie and a Bread pudding.Five out of five does not express my gratitude to the front of the house staff who made our, spur of the moment, party a huge success and to the chef who's creations were unique and mouth watering. My only disappointment is that I'm not in Scottsdale more often to enjoy Cowboy Ciao.
5	I've seen some poor reviews here and I was pretty surprised. I've been here many times and have always had an excellent experience. Whether sitting at a table or at the bar, the service has always been great and the food...forget about it. Topping the charts would be the Stetson Chopped Salad - you honestly can't beat it, my mouth is salivating just thinking about it and the Exotic Mushroom Pan Fry - can I please get this recipe? kthanks.I will admit that the wait can get lengthy on a busy night but lunch is almost always a breeze and is a perfect location right in the center of Old Town. Oh...and how could I forget the wine list...uhm, yeah - it puts all others to shame. That is all.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley. It's my go-to place to take out of town guests. The stetson chopped salad never disappoints, and most of the entrees are delicious (didn't much care for the capon). One recent Saturday during lunch I had scallops with beet risotto and goat cheese that was especially divine. Great wine list with some excellent selections by the glass. Service has always been prompt and friendly.
3	The service was not very good, and we sat at the bar. For the middle of the week, at the end of the lunch service. The service was disappointing since a friend had said they were known for their service and drinks. It took 20 min to get a draft beer another 20 min to finally see the guy to put in our lunch order. The food was good and the service got a little better, but it took the owners daughter to get better service.
4	I just wrote a decent review but then the post errored out.  annoying!Food - Awesome.  Service - Excellent.  Atmosphere - A bit loud.  My only issue was that our table seemed more at home in an Ikea in-store cafe than this one-of-a-kind restaurant.  All-in-all 4 stars.
2	I have been wanting to try Cowboy Ciao for a while now and finally happened to be in the area with my husband a couple weeks ago and decided to try. I am apparently in the minority here, but it was a major disappointment from a food standpoint. We started with bruscetta which had way too much vinegar to the point where you could barely tell you were eating tomatoes. It was doused with so much oil and vinegar that the bread underneath was soggy within a couple of minutes of sitting there. I had the espresso rubbed filet Mignon and asked for the "sauce" which the waitress said had allot of heat to it to be on the side so I could control the heat. Now, I appreciate some heat in my food and am no wimp but even without the sauce with the heat in it - this fillet had so much heat that I had to take a sip of water after each bite and could barely taste the fillet. It was awful. And the potatoes were slightly undercooked and not hot. My husband had the short ribs which he said were OK but not outstanding or even memorable. We chose to skip desert. The presentation of the food was gorgeous, the place itself was cute and our waitress did a good job. It's possible we both just ordered the wrong thing for our tastes - but I'm not inspired to want to drop another $110 based on our experience. Arrowhead Grill in Glendale blows this away for this price point.
4	Drove into town from the resort to look for another restaurant, which was closed for Memorial Day so ended up at Cowboy Ciao, which ended up being a surprisingly enjoyable meal!We started with the house salad with tomato dressing which was just a salad but the dressing was unique. The couple next to us at the bar got the chopped salad which DID look unique, have to try that next time. We then got the pork belly and the famous mushroom dish. Pork belly was ok but I expected more (chefs usually worship pork belly so it was a bit of a let-down with a simple asian cucumber salad and not enough flavor), but the mushroom dish was completely amazing! Didn't taste vegetarian (which I'm not obviously) but it was wonderful mushroomy goodness, worth going here for that dish alone! I also tried the "steak and potatoes" martini which had potato vodka and a fried slice of bacon, which was unique and certainly got me drunk but I certainly wouldn't make it my go-to drink. Worth trying if you like vodka martinis.Overall, the service at the bar was great and really enjoyed the meal - great stuff!
4	My husband and I went here on a Friday night based on another friend's recommendation.  I made a reservation for us at 7pm.  We arrived and were seated promptly.  The restaurant soon filled up, but it was not overly loud.  I ordered a glass of sparkling wine which was very light and delicious.  For food, my husband ordered the pork shank.  I'm vegetarian, so I ordered the famed mushroom risotto.  My husband loved the pork shank.  And the mushroom risotto was SO good, I was dying to lick the plate when I finished.  We live 45 minutes from Cowboy Ciao and we wound up back there the next week, both of us ordering the same thing.  The ONLY reason I give the restaurant 4 stars instead of 5 is that we'd love to see the food be local and organic.
2	Went here with an out of town friend because his wife was raving about the chopped salad she had years ago. After much hesitation on my part, I gave in since said he said he was paying (everyone has their price). My buddy was warned by the waiter that the $12 chopped salad was not meant as a meal (maybe it was years ago) and viola, a small chopped salad arrived. Needless to say, he left the restaurant hungry. I had their $30 sliced steak special served on a bed of corn and beans with a honey type sauce. I took a few bites, it tasted good but I started to ponder, where have I had this meal before? Oh yeah, Chipolte's steak burrito bowl sans the rice.In summary, the food was good, the service was excellent but I've experienced better at a lower price point than Cowboy Ciao.
1	For a place with such an interesting and hopeful menu, I was terribly disappointed. Putting chile powder on everything does not make the dish flavorful and is far from creative. Will not be back. Decent service though and would try f n b next door.
5	Always had a good experience here except for maybe long wait times, but the bar serves the entire menu.  Love the Chopped Salad and the Hot Chocolate is a must have.  Good service, cool decor.  I like this place.
5	Went for half-priced brunch this weekend and it was awesome! Totally plan to return and pay full price - they're already beyond reasonable! And, there's a delicious assortment of interesting and delicious breakfast cocktails - what more could a brunch-goer want!?!
4	Great food and service. An enjoyable experience. The Ahi was excellent. The Gaspacho was awesone, as good as any I have had in Spain.  The kitchen is a bit slow when the crowd is large, but I must admit - the food was worth the wait. I would definitely dine there again!!
5	I have always loved this place!!! It is in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale next to the Canal area.  If you are into wine this is the place to go!! They have a very extensive wine selection and the staff is well versed in helping your way through the large "binder" (it is actually not a binder it is nicer than that but for lack of other words it is easier to picture how big it is).  They are famous for their Stetson chop salad which can be served with salmon or chicken.  It is the best chop salad I have experienced in the valley.  Now lets move on to the scallop dish.... WOW!  It is very rich but I crave it!  It is served with beet risotto a dill cream sauce as well as a few other wonderful additions that complement the dish.  Also if you are looking for good carpaccio as in the meat not fish realm, here's the end to your search.  I am a true lover of beef carpaccio and here they have a separate delicacy; buffalo carpaccio!!!!!  I could go on but I suggest you check it out for yourself.
4	I came here because of the chopped salad pictures I saw in other reviews.  We went on a saturday for lunch.  I ordered the cowboy ciao signature chopped salad and my partner ordered a burger.  The salad came out and looked beautiful only a lot smaller than I thought.  Ingredients were nice and the best part was that you could actually eat it with a spoon!!  That is the way a choppped salad should be..Warning, if you are really hungry, this chopped salad is probably not going to be enough to satisfy..  Service was good, however, I thought this restaurant was too pricey.  My partner ordered a burger and asked for bacon and cheese on it...this ended up costing a total of $17 for a burger... Overall: Food: 4, Service: 4, Value: 2.. should be 3.5 stars ..
5	My husband and I have been going to Cowboy Ciao for years. We moved away from Phoenix nearly 10 years ago, but still go back when we can. The menu and the service is amazing! There are so many unique dishes, I recommend the risotto (the one of the lamb chop is spectacular!) also the mushroom pan fry cannot be missed! Recently we had a wonderful dinner, and when they didn't have the wine we wanted, the manager made a great recommendation and let us try it first to make sure we liked it. I would highly recommend Cowboy Ciao, but make your reservations well in advance! Depending on the time of year, its hard to get in - they are so popular! Also, try Kazimerz around the corner for pre-dinner drinks and fabulous appetizers!
4	Come here just for the chopped salad!! It is AMAZING.  Strange but delicious, corn, couscous, salmon, and a lite and wonderful dressing... do I need to go on??  Just come here, eat the chopped salad, and be happy I told you to do so :-) You won't regret it!
4	A french-themed restaurant with some wild west inspiration. Nothing says classy Arizona like this!Cowboy Ciao was recommend to me a couple years ago, but I never got around to eating there until last Friday night.  I now regret that I waited so long. It's another one of the valley's locally owned hidden gems. Cowboy Ciao has a small, but very tempting menu. Everything on it looks fantastic. Our waiter gave a couple of recommendations. We went with some of them, and were not disappointed. The place also has a massive wine selection (doesn't hurt that they own the wine bar next door). For an appetizer, we split the Short Rib Risotto. I could've enjoyed this as my meal. For an entree, we split a pan-seared panko-crusted halibut. It was served with sweet potatoes and a cucumber coleslaw that was almost as good as the fish. I highly recommend it. A piece of advise. Cowboy Ciao calls its entrees "big plates," and they're not kidding. The portion sizes are huge.  I recommend sharing.
4	Nice little upscale place in Scottsdale. We split the mac and cheese, which was awesome, and we both had the espresso rubbed filet. The service was exceptional. I ordered a glass of Shiraz that didn't agree with me. Our server promptly swapped it out for a zin that was very good. I definitely recommend the place!
5	My friend took me for a birthday lunch.  John our waiter was very helpful and had perfect timing.  We shared the Stetson Chopped Salad and Fillet on Toast with leeks and homemade potato chips with blue cheese.  The kitchen plate/split our fillet, always a plus.  The salad with salmon, chicken is offered, was tossed tableside.  CC always has it's own twist on offerings.   The bread pudding and banana icecream were decadent.   Wish I lived closer.
4	We've been meaning to check out this place since they made the Rep's Best years ago.  On a whim we decided to stop by for dinner.  The wine selection was so large but the server was able to recommend a wine.  We split the mac & cheez, which was delish!  They we both ordered the espresso-rubbed filet.  My new thing is to try the dish as it was meant to be prepared rather than alter my order and driving the server crazy.  Not a big fan of this one.  You can order the steak without the rub, which I will try next time.  The menu was quite eclectic and next time we are definitely going to try their special mushroom dish (which you can also order in a smaller portion).  The food overall was very rich but the portions were just the right size.  Worth checking out this place.Quick tip - it's easiest to valet park in that area; otherwise you could potentially be driving around for a while looking for a spot on the street.  Most of the valet guys are going to college, so think of it as a donation to their college fund.
3	I have been living in Scottsdale for over 10 years and I have never been to the iconic Cowboy Ciao until last weekend. I say "iconic" because I can't tell you how many times the restaurant has been recommended to me by locals, resort concierges, foodies, etc...  And one of the reasons I never made it in until recently was because it can be rather challenging to get a table on a weekend. When I called to make reservations for Saturday night I wasn't surprised when the hostess gave me the options of 5:30 or 9:15. I mentioned I would have to double check with the rest of my party, the hostess quickly stopped me and proclaimed that she just found a table for four at 7:45. We arrived and quickly ordered a bottle of wine. The wine list is vast so 5 stars for that. The app I ordered was edible. A fried mac and cheese dish with salsa for dipping. The mac and cheese was shaped like slice of meatloaf with crispy edges and the cold tomato salsa seemed fresh but  for some reason didn't  really make a good match. I actually was expecting a more decadent experience like the mac and cheese sticks from FIX at the Belaggio so I was a bit disappointed. My main course was the Chicken Fried Trout with sriracha aoli and cole slaw. Two issues here, the fish was soggy because the slaw was on top. The way I figure it, when you order "Chicken Fried" anything you want crispy right? Why put wet cole slaw all over the top? Second, the sriracha aoli was not as spicy as I would have liked, but I spent a lot of time in New Mexico so my perspective of spicy may be a bit off there. On a more positive note I tried my dinner companion's Stetson Chopped Salad, and that may have been one of the top 2 or 3 salads I have ever tried in my lifetime (I had a salad nicoise in Paris years ago that will always be numero "un" in my heart). Also, the stilton blueberry cheesecake desert was fantastic. There was just that faint hint of moldy, blue cheesy, salty, stilton flavor which made it very unique and quite good. All in all, it was a good restaurant, and the service was adequate. I just think I ordered poorly. Serves me right for ordering 2 fried dishes, but hey, it was my Birthday so why not?
4	Cowboy Ciao was like a roller coaster for my senses. Visually, the scene is stimulating: bold splotches of color on the walls, romantic gold leaf, dramatic lighting, rustic Old West, funky art and decor, and asymmetrical table placement creates a sense of artistic chaos and  charm. The aromas in Cowboy Ciao sent my olfactory bulb into overdrive, vamping up my anticipation (and appetite) for a most sensuous and savory meal. Acoustically, the restaurant was distracting. Muffled speech and loud laughter droned throughout the meal. I could hardly hear my new friends (including new Yelper Stan W.!) across the table.  My tactile senses noticed the comfortable leather chairs, and most importantly, the weight of the wine glasses - useful to notice when my glass was only half full! Finally, the food and the wine surpassed my gustatory expectations. I expected everything to be well-executed, but I was very impressed with the inventiveness of the dishes and the medley of flavors. The menu itself is a masterpiece, with quirky names for dishes, funky descriptions, and hilarious quotes - it is just fun to read through. My favorite dish, in addition to the perfection of the Stetson salad, was the seared scallops and beet risotto with goat cheese and dill. The combination of flavors was unexpected and to die for. I cannot deny my love for beets, but that risotto brought my appreciation to a new level. The exotic mushroom pan fry and the blue cheese cheesecake were also entirely unique, flavorful, and delicious. Stan W. was less impressed by his meal, but did swoon over the cheescake. And yes, it is swoon-worthy. As for the wine, the list is just extravagant (oenophilia-tastic)! With over 3,200 labels organized in a rather confusing manner, it is quite a daunting task to make the right choice; but with a little guidance from our gracious server, we were quite happy with our selections. Overall, I was very impressed with my first visit to Cowboy Ciao. The atmosphere, the food, the wine, and the service make Cowboy Ciao a little gem in Scottsdale that easily suits every occasion. It is a wonderful place for a birthday dinner, a romantic evening out, or a fun night with friends. For out of town guests, this is a perfect stop for a unique and entertaining AZ experience. Ciao, a presto!
3	Okay so I decided to write a review after my 2nd visit to Cowboy Ciao. 1st time there was a great experience... we had a good waiter & we were quite impressed with the food. We tried the signature mushroom pan-fry & wow was it amazing! We are big fungus fans anyways, but with the cream sauce, the polenta, and the avocado/cheese topping-DELICIOUS! We also tried the baked mac & cheese.... also delicious! We couldn't wait to go back!2nd time there was NOT a great experience... I'll start off by saying we did have a Groupon. I'm not sure where the blame lies but we can only go with a deduced theory of... Our Waitress. It was a special occasion for my husbands b-day brunch. We were sooo excited to eat here again. I made reservations and we secured a table with no problem. It was not THAT busy this particular Sunday. We ordered drinks to start, they took forever. We ordered our appetizer & meal all at once but asked that our starter come out first. It did about 20+ minutes & 2 apologies later. It seemed like a rushed serving, soft partially toasted bread for bruschetta, not impressed at all! Then we had to wait for our meal, which took another 20+ minutes. By this time we had noticed that people who had to wait to be seated after us because they didn't have a reservation, got their food before us. One table actually finished their meal before our meal came out & another table was half done. Needless to say our waitress was full of excuses- 1st was being too busy because of the Groupon out, then it was waiting on my eggs, then it was kitchen was behind, then it was just sorry. Well the other "later" sat tables had ordered one of the same dishes that we did & they got theirs, and to top it off when my food came - IT WAS COLD! I now had to express my unhappiness & frustration with our service. She took it away & I asked for another dish of the mushroom pan-fry which is what my husband ordered & it was piping hot. She said she was sorry & spit out some more excuses & then said she would take care of it. Well, she did by taking over half the bill off, which was the appropriate thing to do. Nothing she said would have made this better. We kept the Groupon because it wasn't worth it to waste it on a lowered bill & we will go back again, if not just for the spectacular mushroom dish!! So we'll chalk it up to a bad day for our waitress. And if there was any validity to the Groupon problem (doubt it).... then Cowboy Ciao needs to get it together if they decide to offer a special. Overall, mostly good food, nice atmosphere, but lacking on consistent service.
2	Restaurant week rip-offWhile reasonably tasty, all of the items were available for less if ordered individually. One might save two dollars over regular prices, but there's no ice cream with the bread pudding, so it's a wash.More importantly, they surreptiously add a 20% tip and never mention this on the menu or anywhere else!  The couple next to us sat down at the same time as us and were onto entres before our appetizers were served.  One wonders who was the priority.... We were also told the first table wouldn't be available until 9:30, but many tables remained uncleared while we ate at the bar (from 8 until 9:20).I normally think this place is okay, and while the food remained fine, it was a very poor decison to go tonight. Stetson salad remained singular.
4	Good food. Must put it on your list for at least one visit. Staff a bit overly arrogant, especially when there a several restaurants that offer the same type of fare with equal quality nearby. My filet was great, the quesadilla del dia was good and the dessert was very good.
2	not for picky eaters! im one, ill admit.everybody seems to love this place but i cant figure out why. we went with another couple who raved about it. i wasnt impressed with the menu -- it was certainly interesting and different, but nothing amazing.it was okay, but i probably wont go back unless a group is going and i dont have a choice. i dont what all the fuss is about.
3	The food is still fantastic, but I have to drop a star from Cowboy Ciao after my most recent visit. The group dining experience was not even close to the intimate date I had there a couple months ago. I went with a pretty big group this time (nearly 20 people), and the earliest we were able to make a reservation on a Friday night was 8:45. We met for a drink next door, and all arrived at exactly that time, but the wait was still more than 10 minutes. We had to sit at two tables that were perpendicular to each other. It was a big group, so I'm not knocking off any points for that. I am however, pretty disappointed that it was nearly 2.5 hours from the time we showed up to the time we left. There was a different server for each table. The one who served at mine was a nice guy, but he and the kitchen felt like they were a little off their game. We ordered a few appetizers and salads with our meals. It felt like forever before those came out. The main courses came out pretty quickly after we were done with the apps. The server screwed up, and didn't have the salmon that I ordered. So, now I was left picking at others' meals while waiting for mine. To his credit, he took 100% percent responsibility, and said it was all his fault. I know mistakes happen, especially with big groups, but against his credit with a group our size he's getting an automatic gratuity (20%). I wasn't angry enough to complain, but I can't exactly thank him for leaving someone sitting around while every one else is eating.
1	I was really looking forward to trying this place, especially after seeing that Phoenix magazine voted their upside down peanut butter brownie the best dessert in Phoenix.I'm not a big salad fan, but the Stetson Chopped salad is delicious.  If the service wasn't so bad, I'd go back just to get the salad and dessert.About the service.  It took over 1 1/2 hours for my girlfriend and I to have dinner on Friday night.  Granted, it was busy, but that seems an exorbitant amount of time for 2 people to have dinner.  Not only that, but it was really warm in there.  It was literally cooler outside when we left than it was in the restaurant.  Not a good sign on a hot summer night.As if that weren't bad enough, the waiter refilled my water a grand total of once.  And that was only after I asked.  Twice.The icing on the cake for me was when the bill came.  Not only had I been subjected to the worst service I can remember in Scottsdale, but they had added on a 20% gratuity.  Did I mention that it was just 2 of us dining?  When did this become acceptable?Suffice it to say we won't be going back.
3	I'm still not sure what I think of this place.  It is just a weird place to me.  I think the food is very odd...creative...but very odd...oh and random.  I've only been here twice and both my experiences were pretty much the same.  Friday night I came with a large group of people and the service was pretty good considering the size of our party.  It wasn't perfect but it was ok.* Mac n' Cheese - I was very excited to try this but it wasn't good at all.  Not creamy, not cheesy, not bacony, not anything.  Very disappointing.  It lacked any real flavor and it was almost like they leave it out to become stale on purpose.  I didn't even eat the whole thing and that is saying a lot because I tend to eat everything.* Chopped Salad - This was excellent and probably the high-point of my meal.* Mushroom Pan Fry - Pretty much just what the menu said it would be.  It was over sauced which wouldn't have been so bad if the sauce was rich, creamy and flavorful and this just wasn't.* Bread pudding - pretty good but not out of this world like some reviews on here make it out to be.  I would order it again though.
3	The food was excellent, the chopped salad, which really isn't a salad, is a delicious starter and easily serves two. I also had the burger which was amazing. Don't ruin it with ketchup or mustard allow the special sauce they use to enhance your meal. You do need to ask for lettuce, tomato, and onions on the side however. That is if you don't want just bread and meet. My only criticism is that it is very loud, and a little on the pricey side for what you get.
5	As always, sat at the bar and had their chopped salad and a martini- usually gin but this time made with Square One Cucumber vodka, Hendrick's gin, and a splash of lillet. Excellent end to a good week.
3	Been here maybe three times and it's typically good.  I normally would give it 3 1/2 or 4 maybe.  This time only 3 though.  The espresso rubbed filet was average at best.  I've had this dish at other restaurants a couple of times and this was beyond overdone with espresso, plus overcooked.  The ahi was reasonably good but the quality of this piece of fish was subpar for Cowboy as there were tons of striations throughout the fish.  Something you see here and there but not to this degree.  The mushroom pan fry is always good so that was consistent once again.  The service was decent not great.  Couldn't get water or a glass of wine for quite a bit.  Great location, typically better than this, will go back in hopes that it will return to it's previous quality standards.
2	Cowboy Ciao has always been the place we go for special occasions.  When I got a promotion, we went to Cowboy Ciao.  When my parents and my (now husband's) parents met for the first time, we took them to Cowboy Ciao.  When my husband forgot my birthday, he (tried) to make it up to me by bringing me to Cowboy Ciao - it worked.  It has held a special place in my heart from the first time I walked into and was pleasantly surprised to see it wasn't spelled Cowboy CHOW.  I have NEVER been disappointed.Until last weekend.It's been a while since we've been to Cowboy Ciao so you can imagine my excitement when my girlfriend wanted to celebrate her birthday at my favorite spot.  We had reservations for 11 people (yes, a large group) at 8pm on Saturday, October 23rd.  The night started off fine but quickly degenerated. I started with the chopped salad, always a winner.  And, though I ALWAYs order the blue cheese stuffed pork chop (the ONLY place I'll eat pork), I'm pregnant and can't eat blue cheese.  Instead of being bummed, I thought it an opportunity to try something new - which I was sure would be fabulous.  I went for the home style Mac and Cheese.  It was horrendous.  As if they had baked it at noon and let it sit out until 10pm when our dinner was finally served. Looking back, I should have sent it back to the kitchen (something I never do)... it was THAT bad. My friend had the chicken fried trout.  Bland.My husband had the mushroom plate and loved it.Another friend had the tuna and thought it was good.And the (sausage?) risotto was also pleasing to another gal.That's all I really know from my end of the table.As far as wine... We tried to order 6 different bottles - none of which they had.  The water refilling never happened.  The services overall was terribly slow even as the restaurant was beginning to empty.And though it is a small thing, they charge for the bread which just seemed tacky.In the end, I was initially pleased to see our server had divided up the bill... and then terribly frustrated to find he had only separated four people, left the rest in a mess of confusion, and completely botched the checks he DID separate.  It took no less that 30 minutes to sort through it all and at 11pm we finally left.In the end it was an expensive, unsatisfying, unnecessarily long evening and I'm sad to say that we will not go back.  With so many wonderful places to eat in the valley, Cowboy Ciao has some work to do to get back on top.
5	Highly recommended. Wine flights are awesome. Pork Belly appetizer and mushroom fry are to die for. My Halibut was the best I ever had. The wife's chicken fried trout was also excellent. Go.
2	Food was tasty. Service was SLOW.I have been back twice since this dinner, and my two-star review stands.  The food is no doubt good.  However the wait time is extremely lacking and will make me consider other establishment in the future.
4	we went back - held our groupon coupon until it was time to pay. I'm not saying that is what got us better service because I don't believe that to be the truth. BUT this visit was very different from our last! It was great from the beginning to the end. We had an awesome waiter who was perfectly attentive. He did a great job & gave us great service! The food was well cooked, a bit salty, but delicious! I have changed my mind about Cowboy Ciao & would be willing to go back again. Still rave about the Mushroom Pan Fry!! Good save this time! Thx for the improved service, much appreciated - upgraded one star  :)
4	Two words. Stetson Chop! Believe the hype, you HAVE to try this thing. Such random ingredients but the combination is so good it's almost sinful. I kind of cheat though and head on to Kazimierz and get the SC there just because I am in love with the atmosphere :)
5	If you go you must have the Stetson Chopped Salad.   It is the best item on the menu.  I always try to stop by when I am in Phoenix.
5	Looks like this meal may be the best of our trip to the west. Service was excellent, though I noted a full bus of people that came in before we left. That might have given the second seating some issues. But we were unscathed.    We did the chopped salad and it was good and creative. Creative is what best describes the fare. The pork belly rocked and the mushroom fry was nice, though a meal size would be too much. Jeff had had hamburger and whaoo! It was a 10 or close. A contender to Poag Mahone in Chicago!     We "guilded the lilly" with zeppoli and they were awesome, like mini Leonard's malasdas from Hawaii. Sweet!
4	I tried this Scottsdale restaurant on Wednesday night at 7pm which was a very false thing to do to come in to this restaurant at dinner time without having reservation cause the restaurant is fully packed. But the host still put us into the wine table which is very small and not really convenient to eat dinner cause my table located in the very corner. I ordered Grilled Salmon and the special of the day which is Sirloin Steak. The food was excellent. My grilled salmon was the most delicate and melt-in-your mouth-food that I ever tasted. And the Sirloin steak was great. They cooked it perfectly and as order. Overall I am satisfied with the food but not so much with the service that I got from the front host. Thank God I still got a good waiter that even though it's fully packed and busy as hell he still taking care everything fast. I'll be back for the food. But next time I make sure i make my reservation for sure!
3	DH & I had a groupon for Sunday Brunch at Cowboy Ciao, we were both looking forward to trying out the food their, since we've heard great things. I had the patron coffee, which was very good, DH had regular coffee, which he enjoyed. The waitress asked us immediately, if we had a groupon, so we handed ours in. I ordered the breakfast hash- sweet potatoes and short ribs, it was ok nothing special. My DH ordered the breakfast enchiladas, which were pretty good. Service was terrible as our food took longer than other people's at the restaurant to arrive. Our food was also luke warm, when we did finally receive it, after 30 min of placing the order. Overall service was bad, and the food was ok. No plans of going back.
2	I can see why a person might like cowboy ciao, but I did not. Its definitely "out of the box" all the way. They have this moronically gigantic winelist that goes in order of price only--so if u want say, a Pinot, u have to look all throughout this ridiculously huge and not great list. Then they are out of the wine, and u have to wait for the "master wine f**face" to give u a recommendation. Very painful!! The service was atrocious--grossly disorganized, slow, unbelievable. The food was ok, somewhat overwrought, but definitely not worth the wait. While I liked a couple of the dishes, I'd definitely head to any of the other fine choices in the area and save yourself from the disorganized and inefficient service here.
3	Do you LOVE overpriced mushrooms and risotto? Do you love 19-year old hosts who you wised were like 7 years older? If you like to share food, then this is the place for you.I was in AZ for a bachelorette party, and two of girls in our party suggested CC for our Friday night dinner. A few of us ordered items to share: beet risotto, short rib risotto, crispy mac 'n cheese, mushroom pan fry...Pass on the gazpacho, and the crispy mac 'n cheese was waaaaaay spicy. Anyway....the setting worked for our group of 7. The menu is definitely interesting.
4	Great brunch.  Spicy Bloody Mary's.  When I want to have something spicy and just a little different I head to Cowboy Ciao's for brunch.  One complaint is that you have to pay extra for the slipper bread.  It is so delicious, it'd be a nice touch if they put it on the table.  The Stetson Chopped Salad is a famous dish, as is the mushroom and polenta.  It is a little "Scottsdale" but the food makes up for it.  Now that the bridge is open, it would be nice to head out there and then a quick stroll on the bridge.  Oh, the mac and cheese is also delicious!  The drinks are good (especially since it is also owned by Kasimeriz) but the desserts are bit weak.
4	I stopped by quickly the other day before my dinner at The Herb Box for a quick drink and enjoyed a delicious cherry cocktail that the waitress promised wouldn't taste like a cherry popsicle and she was right. The last time I had been here was for dinner but that was probably seven years ago. A repeat visit is definitely in order. Their cocktails are delicious and ambiance is lively.
5	delicious!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I'm not much of a foodie, however, I love to eat, so when this place was recommended for a yummy and unique dinner, it was a no brainer that this was where we'd go. The mushroom polenta dish was so good that I googled the recipe in attempt to replicate it once I got home. Needless to say, I failed. But like they say, often imitated, never duplicated.My only dislike was the minimal menu, and since I'm a vegetarian, there was only so much I was able to eat. If you're not a picky eater, you'll enjoy anything you order here.
4	We stopped in for lunch since we found a parking spot on Stetson Drive.I enjoyed my seared ahi tuna sandwich immensely.  The bread had lots of sunflower seed on the crust.  The tuna was perfect and the extras inside were perfect.  The rest of the gang had short ribs, bacon sandwich, sliders filled with pork belly, and hamburger plate.  Everyone was happy with their meal.Service was quick and friendly.On the way out, I had to buy a few bags of caramel popcorn with chocolate and bacon ($7 per bag).  Wish I had grabbed a few more since the bags were on the small size.
4	I've eaten here at least 70 times over the years.  Its food is consistently very good, and it certainly is not cookie cutter or formulaic.  They may try too hard to be unique at times, but they almost always get it right.  The wine list is the most amazing in Arizona, but I wish they organized it by varietal or region so you can navigate it better.
4	I'd definitely come back here. Thanks to some recommendations from another site (sorry, Yelp), we stopped in here for a nice dinner and thoroughly enjoyed it. We had the chopped salad, mini mushroom pan fry, and the puerco lento.The chopped salad was super interesting and had really nice texture and flavour. The mushroom pan fry was good, but I thought it was a little oily. It was a huge portion, if you're into that. The puerco lento was seriously good, with meat that slid right off the bone.Would definitely return next time we're in Scottsdale!
4	I always heard of the great food here and I had a chance finally to try it out. I'm a huge fan of large portions and my dish was gigantic. I ordered a braised pork with a creamy sauce and fingerling potatoes. It was just as I would have expected from a place like this. They are very busy and I can see why. The decor, and ambiance is very inviting for a couple to larger groups. I love the drinks and the wine list is a bit over whelming for a amateur wine drinker like me. I saw so many things on the menu I wanted to try but I did not want to look like a fatty in front of my date. I might have to sneak back over there on my next day off. I recommend this place to anyone who enjoys good food and doesn't have any hang ups of trying new things. Next is FnB!!
4	Got here pretty late, probably around 1030PM. It was pretty quiet at that time not a whole lot of people. Ordered the filet mignon and let me say it was good, if your steak love then give it a try. The vegetarian mushroom dish was good, I had a few bites from my best friend next to me...
5	I only tried one plate and it was awesome!  The person working behind the bar was great, the owner spent the time to talk to me about what she'd recommend.  They recommended the exotic mushroom deep fry and it was as good as any vegetarian meal I've ever had.  I recommend getting the bread with it for dipping.  I will be coming back here when I'm in town again.
3	if you're into heavy, rich food, Cowboy Ciao is your place.  i wasn't thoroughly impressed with the food, but the service is good.  very welcoming hostess, if i do say so myself.honestly, i'd rather walk around the corner to fnb - it's way better.
5	We have been here many times in the last 10+ years. The Stetson Salad is the best salad I have ever had. The combination of sweet, crunchy, savory and acidic is perfect to me. Lately, I have also tried the Scallops on Beet risotto. The scallops are great, but the risotto just doesn't work, though I love beets and I love risotto.  I have, of course, had the mushroom stir fry, which is very good but very hearty and heavy. Soups have been excellent. The current best desert is that peanut butter brownie. But beware...it is really rich and sweet. I also enjoy the wine flights here. Most recently, I took my 8 and 11 year olds at lunch. Though they were the only kids there, they thoroughly enjoyed the Kobe beef burgers. This is still my favorite place in Old Town.
5	I was in old town Scottsdale today so I decided to find a place to park around 5th Ave and make my way over to Cowboy Ciao for lunch. I ordered the exotic mushroom pan fry one of the signature lunch dishes.This dish has allot of mushrooms so you need to be a mushroom lover it has cremini, shiitake and grilled portabellini mushrooms the only mushrooms missing in this dish are the psychedelic and hallucinogenic ones. It also has avocado, tomato, cotija cheese with ancho chile cream sauce over double-cooked polenta, I was very impressed this dish was amazing. The hostess and waitress where very friendly and attentive throughout the meal so I give this place a 5 star rating for excellent food and attention to detail.
5	Perfect dining experience. Started off with their cherry cocktail and it was so good I had two!  My friend and I shared the dungeness crab enchilada for an appetizer.  We had to sit for a moment to enjoy the aroma before digging in and we knew it was going to be amazing..as it was. The guacalmole salsa is the best I have ever had. I didn't want that course to end. I admit I made sure no one was looking and sopped up the sauce with my finger.:)I had the "Testosterone Salad". The tenderloin melted in my mouth and the fresh greens were perfectly covered in dressing. Every bite a delight.My friend got the "Exotic Mushroom Pan Fry" and had a similar experience. Every bite a different flavor. Both of our dishes were great examples of this incredible menu that I have to sample one of everything from!Since it was her birthday we ordered the "birthday cake" for dessert and it was simply the best cake I have ever eaten. The chocolate cake was light and the marscapone frosting made to perfection.  I don't care for super sweet desserts and this was just right. Take note other bakers..too much sugar spoils the dessert!Pefect service and wonderful atmosphere will have me bringing friends and guests back !
5	Best most original chopped salad I have ever had, I mean you made me like marinated tomatoes salmon and coccus plus something else crunchy - great service and ambiance. Ginger drink was good too just don't put the snap in the actual drink.  I will be back.
4	Great food and great service! (minus the snotty moody hostess that we first saw when arriving). Our server was very helpful and accommodating, even walking us over to Kazimierz afterwards. We were stuffed and very happy with the food we had: Chopped salad, scallops with beet risotto, filet mignon, pork shank, and mushroom fry. Definitely enough food for the four of us. The chopped salad was probably my favorite!
4	The duck salad was spot on.  In the crab enchillada, the rich sauce over powered the flavor of the crab.  The food portions are surprisingly large.And if size matters to you, the wine list is HUGE.
4	So I'd heard good things about Cowboy Ciao via Yelp and several food magazines. It was relatively close to my hotel so I thought I'd give it a try. I wasn't disappointed. While I wasn't blown away, the overall experience was great. I was there on a Tuesday night around 9pm and it was completely jammed. I found a seat at the bar and got wonderful service there. I had a glass of Layer Cake (Pinot Noir? can't recall) and ordered three appetizers. Their signature Stetson salad, pork belly with cabbage and sweet potato slaw and an appetizer portion of their other signature dish, the Mushroom Pan Fry.People rave about the salad and I understand why. While not my favorite salad of all time, it is a wonderfully flavorful dish with interesting and tasty ingredients. Among other things, it had smoked salmon, cous cous, air dried corn, arugala and a creamy pesto dressing. Really fresh and delicious. Surprisingly light. The pork belly was fantastic. It was unbelievably flavorful and beautifully cooked. The only thing I'd say negatively was that it was a bit too fatty. I normally don't say that about pork belly but this piece just had a high fat to meat ratio and it was a bit much. That's not to say it wasn't delicious. The fat made it even more so, but I'm not sure everyone would be as big a fan as I was. The slaw was absolutely fantastic. Probably my favorite part of the entire meal.I was a little disappointed by the Mushroom Pan Fry. I'm a huge mushroom fan and the dish promised to have nearly a dozen different types of mushrooms. It simply didn't. Mostly cremini's, a couple of shitaki and one morel. Not to be a stickler, but it certainly wasn't what was promised. That would have been fine if the rest of it was as good as hyped. The sauce simply wasn't that flavorful and the polenta was non-descript. It was creamy and tasty, but it left something to be desired.For dessert I had the Peanut Butter Brownie with Brown Butter Ice Cream. The ice cream was fantastic and made in house like all of their ice creams. They normally serve this dish with the Roasted Banana Semifreddo but I decided to swap out ice creams. The peanut butter brownie was creamy and smooth and incredibly rich. I just couldn't eat the whole thing after everything else.Overall, it was a really strong experience. The service was good despite it being very busy. The wine selection was great and most of the food was really wonderful. Whether I loved every dish or not, there is no denying that it was prepared beautifully, served nicely and came out promptly. All signs of a solid kitchen. Well done. I enjoyed myself and would definitely come back.
5	I have been here for dinner twice and both times I'm completely satisfied with my meal.The food: Of course I got the chopped salad.  It's just fantastic, and I wish I lived closer to Scottsdale so that I could eat it on a regular basis (note to self: try to make my own at home....).  My entre was the filet (I got it both times I was there) and both times it was perfectly cooked.  For desert I shared the peanut butter brownie.  It was apparently voted the best desert of 2010 by Phoenix Magazine, but I wasn't overly impressed by it.  It was good, but not the best.  (the chopped salad would make a great desert)Trying to get a table: the first time we had reservations, and no issues sitting a group of 9.  The second time, a Tuesday night this year, I failed to make a reservation because I didn't think it would be busy... it was a Tuesday night after all.  Well I had to wait 45 minutes for a table for 2.  We finally got seated at 8pm.So lesson learned, no matter what day of the week, just make a reservation... and get the chopped salad no matter what!8.9.12 - Figured I should add more to my review.... I still love this restaurant and it is still my absolute favorite place to eat in Scottsdale.My friends and I went here recently with an out of town guest.  Of course I got the chopped salad to start out with (sharing with a friend).  Still fantastic and a requirement if you ever go.  For dinner I had the pork chop.  I generally don't order pork chops and didn't really grow up eating them... whenever I had one before it was bland and dry.  Cowboy Ciao though made the best pork chop of my life.  A month later I'm still craving it.  It was about half an inch thick, perfectly cooked and juicy.  Amazing.For desert we ordered a bunch of items.  The cobbler and the donuts were great and I ordered the ice cream sampler.  The flavors I chose were duck fat buttercream, smoked chocolate, and spicy caramel.  I think I was the only one who liked the smoked chocolate, but I also love the taste of liquid smoke.  The duck fat was the most unusual and the least favorite.  Left a weird after taste.  The caramel was good, but not spicy enough.Also, we ordered this cocktail that had a deviled egg as a garnish.  Amazing.  Just order it.
4	Had dinner at Cowboy Ciao last night and the food was outstanding.  We had mac and cheese and the Chopped Salad as an appetizer and then fillet Mignon, Hamburger and Korean Short ribs for our main course.  Every thing tasted expectational.  What is holding me back from giving Cowboy Ciao five stars is the noise level in the restaurant.  there were eight of us at dinner and It was so loud that people at one end of the table could not communicate with the people at the other end.  For that matter it was difficult to speak with the people in front of you.  On two different occasions throughout the evening the waiter did not bring items out that we had ordered because he did not hear our request.  The decor is great, I would suggest some type of treatment to work on the acoustics so people can have a conversation at dinner. This was my first time having dinner here.  I have been there for lunch a few times.  I will stick to lunch where it seems to be a little bit more conducive for visiting.
2	I'm not a fan of Cowboy Ciao.  I know a lot of people love it, but I'm just not one of them.People love the chopped salad, but I don't care for Salmon, so I don't really care for the salad.  I did like how they present it and prepare it at the table.The appetizers were okay.  I liked the mac and cheese the most, but most of the other people at our table didn't care for it.My boyfriend and I split the Pastrami-rubbed filet mignon.  Neither of us liked it very much.  It was completely drenched in gravy.  You couldn't even taste the steak because of the gravy taste.We had the peanut butter brownie for dessert.  It was okay, but definitely not worthy of a "best dessert" award!The worst thing was the acoustics in the restaurant.  We had a group of 8 and we could not hear each other talking.  You literally had to yell for the person next to you to hear you.  And I gave up trying to talk to anyone from the other end of the table.
3	We ordered the mac and cheese for an appetizer, which I must say was extremely overrated. It had good texture and flavor, but I guess I expected some sort of revelation. Maybe it was too built up...Anyway, the wine list was fabulous (we had a delicious Sangiovese), and the entrees were decent. Of course, I had entree envy, as always, and drooled over my brother-in-law's order of Asian style short ribs. They were SO tender. I ordered the mushroom pan fry, which was served over polenta. All in all, it was a good dish. The sauce wasn't so creamy that I needed to be rolled out of the restaurant afterward, and it had a nice level of spiciness (hence the Southwestern edge). My husband's hamburger, however, was mediocre at best. Five Guys is better.Not sure why other reviewers were griping about the acoustics. I thought the sound level was reasonable, and apparently so did my six-month old son, who slept in his stroller next to me the whole time. Maybe these people went on a Saturday night at a peak time?? If that's the case, they should expect that anywhere, unless they're in a private room. I mean, who do they think they are - Branjolina?
5	Went to Cowboy Ciao based on all the great reviews and it didn't let me down.The Stetson salad is 100 of 100!  I had doubts after reading the reviews.......because how good can a salad really be?   But they were all right!!I had the buffalo carpaccio and it was a 100 as well.The filet mignon was a the best cut of meat I've ever had but their demi glace was a bit much.  It over powered the steak.  over all a solid A
2	Made a return trip this past week because my buddy raved over his chicken dish he got here a year ago(seriously. he went into the kitchen after the meal and thanked the cook). No dice this time. Us being a group of four rolled into this joint without a reservation hoping to get seated. Imagine our delight when we walk into a place with less than half the tables occupied. The host went over to the bartender after we spoke with him and we got the look. You know the look. It's an over the shoulder glance of disgust and "not these people". The host returned and told us a 1 hour wait. I believe my half buzzed response was no way or something to that effect. The wife pointed towards the plethora of empty tables and we were told those were reservations. Immediately I called Guinness Book because this place had to be near setting a record for reservations. We mosied on over to another establishment that probably blows this one out of the water. You get 1 star because I have to give you one and another for the grub my buddy had last year.
4	A great place to experience some unique and innovative dishes.  The Stetson Chop, of course, is the highlight of my Cowboy Ciao experience, as it tends to be for many others.  But I've also had good luck trying other things on their menu, such as the Mini Mushroom Pan Fry, a less expensive alternative to the entree version.
5	WOW, as said before the chopped salad is amazing and I don't even like salmon-but the combination is terrific!  The Crab enchiladas were to die for; and my stuffed pork chop good, but not amazing.  Portions are huge, even the small plates, so think SHARE!  The wine list is over the top and a bit difficult to follow, but our waiter/som gave us good suggestions and guidance through the maze. Will go back next visit and be sending friends...
3	I had some pretty high expectations coming here so this is probably why my review is a three instead of a four where it probably could be.  We made reservations here on a Sunday night and had been wanting to try Cowboy Ciao for a few months.We didn't have a reservation and were seated promptly.  I didn't really like our table, it was very small and so close to the tables behind us that we were bumping chairs with our neighbors.  It's a decently sized room, one less table in there would solve this problem.  The waitress was very knowledgeable, but she seemed to be in way too much of a hurry.  I like to relax, enjoy my meal, ask questions, etc.  She talked a mile a minute and seemed to have no interest in communicating with her guests.  I know it's not a server's job to talk to you, but it will help their tip.  Last complaint is that I felt like I was in an interrogation room since the lights were so bright.  Not really the most intimate setting.I had the bone in pork rib chop.  It had good flavor, but was a little dry.  Not a big deal, if it was a little more juicy, it would have been perfect.  The winners at this dinner were the wine (The Imposter) and the chop salad we split beforehand.  Overall, good menu, huge wine list.  I'd go back and sit in the other dining room, I'm sure it offers a little more intimacy.  Service was good, just not what you'd expect for a place of their reputation.
2	Twice in 1 week you have really let me down. For years I have had nothing but great food and great service. Then.......I called earlier this week to order a chopped salad that my pregnant wife was craving. You weren't serving despite the fact that you were opened. Then last night was a joke. I ordered take out, chopped salad and a short rib dinner. When I got it home it was a Chopped salad and shirt rib risotto. When I called back in they had no apology just a "Oh we'll be happy to make you a shirt rib dinner." Of course that means I have to drive back downtown.......oh, and did I mention the traffic because of a wine festival?When I got there, no apologies, no discount, no complimentary dessert........
5	My faith in humanity and Cowboy Ciao are restored in one fell swoop. Marianne Belardi got back to me regarding my service issues and has made everything good in the world again.I had recently moved within walking distance of the Ciao and was sad to think that the Cowboy had lost it's swagger. Thankfully, I can still confidently frequent the Ciao because the service is still there. One bad experience versus hundreds of great ones only means they are human.
5	I dream about their chopped salad...I, too, would use it as my screen saver if I didn't share a computer.
5	Overwhelming wine list and everything we ate was absolutely delicious. You will have no problem finding extraordinary flavors in the food here! We ordered their cheese plate, mini-mushroom dish, pork shank, and the blondie dessert...all to die for...
5	Loved this place during my visit to Arizona, all I can say is STETSON SALAD....YUMMY!!!
5	I had dinner at the bar last night and it was fantastic.  I did not even make it to the Main menu between the D Crab Enchiladas and the Short Rib Risotto and 2 great wines.  All I could do was take a bread pudding to go and roll out.Simply great.  Next time I will grab the chopped salad deal (i think its called stetson salad) and likely their stuffed pork chop.  I may have to go back tonight.Also loved the bar spot looking into the kitchen.
4	Okay - I went here with the mum and sis. We're not the bar or old town scottsdale types (well, maybe mum was back in her hayday, but the sis and I - we stay away). Really wanted to try this place out and it was fab. Had the Stetson salad, that was cuh-razy good - my sis had some burger she said was "okay," and mum had their mushroom thing (there's only one on the menu, lol) - and that was awesome too. Service was slow, but courteous - they were packed and we did sit at the bar cause we just walked in, no reservations. Atmosphere is "eh" - bunch of people who think they're superstahs but they're not, lol so it's a bit overbearing - but worth braving at least once.
5	This place it fabulous!!  I love this place and the ambiance is awesome! I would not recommend it for young kids...I brought my son here and it was more stressful for me and I didnt feel like I could enjoy it like I normally do...Anyways back to this wonderful restaurant.  First off they have great wine selection...I like to get a wine flight that is sampling of wines...it is delicious!  Then for a starter you should get the chopped salad to share with the table.  It is pretty spectacular, and its sooooooooo pretty!  It is so funny because I have tried to mimic this salad and I cannot!  My mom has and it was pretty good!  Just try it and let me know what you think!  Another few appetizers that are fantastic are the crab enchiladas, the Tiger shimp, meatballs, the pork belly and the risotto.  If you want you can have those as a meal!  Now my favorite entree is the mushroom polenta dish!  OMG it is creamy and satisfying.  This is the only entree I get when I go here!  It is just something so different and they have just made this dish soooooooooooooooooooooooo right!!!  I have tried the ribs, but they do not touch this mushroom dish!  They top it off with cojita cheese its amazing! Now make sure that you save room for dessert!  The bread pudding is to die for and the blonde brownie nad if you like cobbler theirs is delicious!  You can always share desserts but do not feel bad if you want it for yourself! This is a perfect place to go for date night or for a birthday or just because!  Dress nice, but you do not have to wear a suit or anything!  Its fun and I know you will enjoy it!
5	Love this place!  they never disappoint us. Mary Ann at the bar is a true professional and knows her stuff.  She can manage a bar full of patrons and the service bar for the waiters without missing a beat.  If you have not eaten here, its a must do.  The food is wonderful and creative.  The beet risotto with scallops is to die for!  We love Cowboy Ciao!
2	The food is decent, nothing to really go crazy about and not really worth the price. but it's decent and close to work so that makes it easy.the biggest issue i have is with the service. after multiple visits i have come to the conclusion that the servers and employees are friendly but it takes 1.5 hrs to have lunch. and that wouldn't be a problem if i thought the food was spectacular enough to wait that long. and our drinks are almost always empty and the servers are hard to find. i'll most likely continue eating here every now and then bc it's convenient and it's easy to please everyone... but i wouldn't really go out of my way to go here.
2	How I hate to be one of those people who downs this place but I thought it was waaaay overpriced for the quality of food.  Yes, I did love the chopped salad and it was excellent or, rather, a real taste treat and soooo unusual.  But the mushroom specialty of the house?  Are you guys kidding????  Corn meal mush with maybe 12 mushrooms on top with some gawdawful cayenne/cream syrup on top?  Yuck!!!  Not good, overpriced...and corn meal mush?   I felt like I was back on the old Plantation for sure.  Acousitcs suck as a group of about 20 men made so much noise we couldn't hear outselves think.  Even when they left it was hard to hear others--especially for my friend who is hard of hearing and kept yelling "eh?"  I guess I won't be returning to this place.Our waitress tried hard, but 4 out of 12 of us got our salads at least 45 minutes before anyone else got anything to eat.  This really p.o.'d the others to really grouse about the 20% tip that is automatically added for groups.  20%?  For slow service (not the waitresses fault, by the way)?This place things waaaay too highly of itself.  I'm amazed so many of you on yelp do, too.  I surely don't.  For 12 of us, by the way, the bill came to about $340..waaaaay too high for what we got.  And I ended up with a $34 bill for just the mini-mushroom plate and the chopped salad--what a joke and a bad one at that.
3	Eclectic or just "off"?  I really can't knock anything about the food, but I can't rave about it either.  The decor is a combo of modern (think Citizen's Public House) and one of the stores you find in Old Town hawking topaz and Indian jewelry.  Not my thing but oh well.Our server was average at best, and seemed pretty disinterested.  I would recommend some prompts at various stages in the meal vs. his approach of just standing there.  Here are some examples (I base these on having dined out once or twice):-May I get a drink order put in for you?-Would you like to start with some appetizers?-Would you like to see the desert list?-Can I bring you the check instead of making you wait here 30 minutes in these tiny wooden chairs while your buttcheeks cramp up?The short rib I had was cooked well, but had little flavor and the jus just appeared to be basic beef broth.  Little Lady had the mushrooms (which were excellent) and the pops had the swordfish which he enjoyed.  I was amped about having Anchor Steam on tap...but alas, it was warm!  The brew from local San Tan Brewery was slightly cool.  Such a disappointment with the suds.There is obviously some skill with the chef, and 2 stars would be unfair, so based upon the whole shebang 3 stars it is.  'Nuff said!
2	I bought a Groupon for Sunday brunch a while back & decided to finally use it for Mother's day. I made reservations a couple days prior for my parents, hubby & myself at noon. Surprisingly we arrived before my parents & were seated at a table in the open dining area.I started off with a glass of milk (skim) while my hubby opted for dr. pepper. FYI- they only have bottled sodas, cute but at $6 a pop too damn expensive! My parents arrived & my dad started off with a bloody mary & my mom got her usual sprite, hers may have been a tad cheaper at $4 but still ridiculous. They really should invest in a soda fountain, just sayin. For apps we ordered the quesadilla (which had bacon, onions, potatoes & cheese with a delicious drizzle) & the bruschetta. The quesadilla was amazing, I wish I ordered 2 more for my entree! The bruschetta was just ok. For our entrees: dad & hubs ordered the breakfast enchiladas, mom ordered their signature mushroom dish & I ordered the fried egg & bacon sandwich. The boys enjoyed their enchiladas, mom didn't care for her mushroom dish & my sandwich was just ok. Disappointed with my entree I wanted to order dessert, but no one else did so I opted for a bag of their chocolate & bacon caramel popcorn to take home. I loved the popcorn, the sweet with a lil bit of salt from the bacon was such a yummy combo.What annoyed me about this place were the prices, even with my $30 coupon our total came out to $87 (not including tip). Not too bad, about $30 per person, but my dad was the only person who got cocktails (2) & the food was pretty average at best. I'm glad I finally tried this place out but I don't think I'll be returning.
4	I have heard about this place from friends for years and have always wanted to try it. I used Restaurant Week as an excuse.I wasn't crazy about the atmosphere. And our table was very tiny, cramped, and uncomfortable.But the food was very good overall. For my starter I got the chopped Stetson salad without salmon. I really wanted the mac and cheese (I'm obsessed)  but it is made with bacon. Maybe they can try putting the bacon on top instead? It's a peeve of mine when restaurants put meat products in their mac and cheese considering it is one of the few veg options. My husband decided to torture me and order it as his starter and he said it was very good. Especially with the spicy tomato sauce on the side. Back to my chopped salad. It was divine! Beautiful presentation, fresh tasting ingredients, delicious dressing. I loved their crunchy "trail mix" in it. Before Cowboy Ciao, Postinos was the only place I would go specifically for their salad. But I might have to make a few trips to Cowboy for this delicious salad.For the entree my husband got the scallops. He loved them. I got their famous mushroom stir fry. Was it good? Yes. Did I hear angels singing? No. Now, don't get me wrong, I do think it was tasty but not worth the hype. The sauce is what made it good. Delicious, slightly spicy, creamy sauce. Like another Yelper stated, I wish it was served with a little bread, maybe a crostini, to sop up all the leftover sauce.  The mix of mushrooms were nice and the polenta was so-so. A little dry and under seasoned. And I was disappointed with how much avacado and cotija cheese was on top. Barely any, more like a garnish. There needs to be more because it really helps make this dish so delicious!Desserts were good. Just good. I got the bread pudding. I liked the pine nuts in it. Nice unique touch. My husband got the banana pudding which he enjoyed, however he was a little frustrated he was having issues breaking the chocolate shell it came in. But watching him was quite amusing.Service was good. Our server was attentive, friendly, and helpful. We will be back, probably for lunch.
5	Tried the Restaurant Week special, and chose the Stetson chopped salad, mixed mushrooms with polenta, and bread pudding.  The Stetson chopped was amazing.  The preparation is beautiful when they bring it out, and then the taste is the perfect mix of sweet, savory, crunchy, soft once the salad is mixed up.  I tried some of the testosterone salad, which was decent, and filled with a lot of well prepared beef, but it didn't quite compare to the chopped salad.  Just as a general side note, if you choose the restaurant week menu and have the chopped salad and then the mushrooms, I think the flavor of the chopped salad is more bold than the mushrooms, so the mushrooms will taste bland to you.  This happened to me as I transitioned from the salad to main dish, but when I took the mushrooms home in a to go box and ate them later, the more delicate flavor showed through and I appreciated it a lot more.  The bread pudding was amazing.  Perfectly moist, with lots of flavor, and not too sweet.  Service was excellent (Thanks Owen!), and along with the extensive selection of wines, they also have some more unique beers such as lambic, as well as a nice selection of non alcoholic sodas (The cream soda is locally made and very tasty!)
4	Was out in AZ for spring training and wanted to try a place that wasn't a chain. (So many out there!) So...we tried cowboy ciao. So glad we did!!Steston chopped salad: the weirdest but most delicious combination of ingredients! Tossed at your table for you!! Soooo yum. The mushroom dish...eh. Would pass on that next time. And then, the most delicious mouthwatering piece of beef to enter my body. Ok ONE of the most delicious pieces, I've had a lot of yummy steaks in my day! So this thing was a tower of delicious. It had risotto topped with veggies topped with awesome steak topped with stuffed mushroom. Oh my God. Heaven. And it was cooked to perfection. Did I mention I liked it? Yeah, just a little. I think I did a wine flight if I remember correctly, which was cool Ambiance was...different, but cool. We had a pretty good waiter. Wish I could remember his name to give him a high 5 on here!Thanks for a delicious night Cowboy Ciao!
4	Everything you've heard about the Stetson chopped salad is true.  When my family and I booked this place for Arizona Restaurant Week, we did so with the promise from friends that we would have a salad we'd never forget.  They were right.  In addition, the mac n cheese appetizer was also delicious.  I had the Pig-n-Puddin for the main course which was full of flavor.  It was a little soupy for my taste, but otherwise I really couldn't complain.  For desert we split a banana creme pie and the bread pudding.  Both dishes didn't disappoint.  Our waiter treated us extremely well and even gave my Mom the recipe for the chopped salad (I hope he didn't break any rules in doing so).  The atmosphere was eclectic but laid back.  I can certainly understand why this place has a loyal clientele.  Overall, I give them a four out of five for their restaurant week presentation.  The main dish options could've been a little better, but I plan to go back at some point to try some of their other famous main course offerings
5	This is my new favorite restaurant! The chopped salad was amazing! Wine list is a bible. The food is wonderful!
4	Cowboy Ciao was one of my favorite Arizona Restaurant Week places to date. They put out a solid menu with some fantastic options and they know that Restaurant Week should be at least a little bit of a deal. (I hate restaurants that just toss three items on their menu that would've added up to $29 anyway.)I had the fried mac & cheese which was delicious, topped off with a fantastic tomato-chile-salsa type thing. My only complaint here is that it was just this side of not-warm-enough. (The Mac, not the chile stuff, which isn't supposed to be hot.) I also had a good several bites of the girlfriend's Stetson Chopped Salad. I understand the hype. It's at once fresh, crispy, and packed with flavor--it's more an experience than a salad. Absolutely perfect and beautiful to boot.The scallops with beet risotto were just fantastic. The goat cheese was a masterstroke, the scallops were cooked absolutely perfectly, and the dish was just the right size for a three course--three large-ish scallops. The risotto was tasty though it could've used just a little something to perk it up, but the goat cheese did some fantastic heavy lifting on that front. Absolutely awesome.Finally, the banana cream pudding/pie and the bread pudding. Both hit  the spot, but the banana cream felt a little less special, if that makes sense. The bread pudding was fantastic, but definitely a heavy dish after such a meal. Overall, a great experience, though they're a touch on the pricey side... regardless, we'll be back... those scallops were too delicious to ignore.
5	I had the steak sandwich and it was seriously THE BEST STEAK SANDWICH I have ever had!
5	Fantastic spot.  Wife and I dined here back in April.  Tell them the type of wine you want, and they will pick a winner.  Food is fantastic.   Next time we are in town, we will be visiting again.
4	So, my mom's birthday was Sunday....she chose to go to Cowboy Ciao...me....I am a picky picky eater...so I immediately went and hit the website checking out their menu....I was concerned at first....wild boar meatballs....buffalo....i am not a meat eater to say the least....However once we arrived I was pleasantly surprised!!! We ordered the "crispy mac n cheese"..its like an explosion of taste in your mouth...the Stetson Chopped...FANTASTICALLY ORGASMIC....My parents love Malbec wines, they had a stellar selection of wine and Malbecs...And our server was phenomenal!!! She gets 5 STARS!!The only down..was the creepy guy(he was young wanna be cool manager or assistant) who managed to make US and the server uncomfy when he rudely came up asking if she ID'd my brother...which he literally watched her do from across the room...then he 3rd degree'd him on his age....Seriously...And he didn't do that when my sister who is obviously barely 21 (she looks like she is 16) ordered drinks....I get that it's Scottsdale and your all fruit loops but come on. Try not to ruin my moms birthday dinner...Other than that weirdness.....the food was amazing, the desserts were amazing, the ice creams we were worried about due to the names...but the american oak and brown butter were mouth watering!!! I would 5 Star this place but that guy kinda killed it for me....
3	This is one of the most overrated restaurants in town.  People rave about it - then you find out they know nothing about food.  The noise levels in the restaurant are deafening. The food is fine, but nothing special.  The wine list is ridiculously long.  Ask for help w/ the wine list and you'll quickly be directed to some overpriced wines.
2	Impressive wine list, but the service was a little apathetic, and very high prices for the quality of food.   Food was lukewarm when it arrived and the "menu description" to "product" ratio was pretty far off.  I essentially had a BBQ-sauced ham hock over far too buttery grits.  But I will say that the wild board meatballs were awesome.I think I just expected more.
4	How to Have a Good Time at Cowboy Ciao:1) Order the Stetson chopped salad. 2) Finish it.3) Order the Peanut Butter Brownie Upside Downy. (Note: DO NOT question whether you're full or not. It doesn't matter).4) Finish it.
4	I love this place. My husband and I decided to stop by for a quick lunch while browsing in Scottsdale. We shared the duck relleno and the stetson salad and both were wonderful and very tasty. The waiter was friendly and super helpful with food selection.
4	ShinyI've been to chow here a number times and the food is relatively consistent.  For the money, go for the pork shank, lamb or short ribs.  Those are my go-to dishes when dining here.  Unfortunately, they're also a little hit or miss.  On my last visit, the short ribs were dry and not as fork tender as it should be.  At $30+ for the entrees, I would expect a lot better execution.  To wash it down, you can check out their extensive wine list.  I love the organization of it: by varietal and, subsequently, ascending by price.  I can't count the number of times I've had to hunt through a binder for bargains.  Here, I can just figure out my price range and hunt each varietal until I find something. I've never ordered any of the appetizers, though they all look good.  But no, I save myself for the deserts.  Well, the bread pudding to be specific.  This is probably a top 5 bread pudding for me.  So rich and tasty I could make a meal out of it.  Now, other than eating a meal or desert, you could come here just for the popcorn.  Orville Redenbacher got nuthin on this stuff.  Caramel, bacon and chocolate.  This is the kind of stuff I LIVE for.  If you're visiting from out of town, pay the $7 and buy a bag to eat on the plane (and watch your neighbors drool).They also used to make a P-H-E-N-O-M-E-N-A-L bacon peanut brittle.  The bacon peanut brittle is, quite simply, a necessary addition to anyone's diet.  I've had the walnut bacon brittle, and while tasty in and of itself, is simply not as good as the peanut version.  My last two visits they didn't have any, but I intend to bang on their door every time I'm in Scottsdale just to check.  They're lucky I don't live in Scottsdale anymore or else they'd make some just to get rid of me.  Sure, you can come here for the food (to which I would have given 3 stars) and wine, but the bread pudding and brittle make this place shine.
5	Cowboy Ciao is what I consider a good special occasion date restaurant. It's on the pricier side, but worth every penny if the event calls for such a dining experience.Some of the menu highlights at Cowboy Ciao....The Chopped Salad is one of the best salads that I've ever had, the bruschetta is an amazing appetizer, and the short ribs and pork shank are both very good entrees.I'd say the best thing about Cowboy Ciao is their extensive wine menu. They have one of the largest wine lists that I've ever seen.Great food, good service, and awesome wine list, gives Cowboy Ciao five stars.
3	I was expecting something really amazing as Cowboy Ciao is highly touted.  While the salads are quite tasty, the wagyu burger and the Korean ribs I had other times were just average especially for the price.
4	I have been looking forward to trying Cowboy Ciao ever since my boyfriend visited Phoenix earlier this year. He needed a dinner recommendation, I told him I'd seen good things about Cowboy Ciao, and the next thing I know, he comes home raving about this mythical brown butter ice cream and bearing gifts of delicious bacon-caramel-chocolate popcorn. Clearly I had to try Cowboy Ciao for myself.Thankfully, it lived up to the months-long hype! First, our server was fantastically good at his job. That wine list is insane, but he told us we could tell him what we were looking for and a general price range, and he would find something we liked. And he did! The mixed drinks were great too - one of my friends had what she claimed was the best martini of her life. Second, the food was aaaah-ma-zing. I now understand why the menu lists a rave review rather than a description of the famous chopped salad. We split it as an appetizer for the table, and it was utterly fantastic. Best salad of my life? It's possible. We also ordered a mac and cheese for the table, and it was good too - though I felt a little sorry for it, having to share table space with that chopped salad. I confess we neglected it a bit. Sorry, mac and cheese.As for dinner, we all went with small plates which were generously portioned and certainly enough for a meal. I had the crab enchiladas, which were heavenly. One of my friends wasn't too enamored of her scallop and beet risotto, but I tried it and liked it. Not as good as my crab enchiladas, but still a solid dish.By now, I'm sure you've guessed that I HAD to order the blondie with the brown butter ice cream.  We also ordered a bread pudding, which I thought would be my favorite, but I was wrong. I'm not usually a blondie fan, but this was really special - generously portioned, warm, and perfectly crumbly. Our waiter even gave us an extra scoop of the brown butter ice cream since he knew how excited I was to try it. How nice!The best part? It wasn't even that expensive. Ordering small plates as a main course certainly saved some money, but even with two appetizers, wine, and two desserts, I was pleasantly surprised at the final tally. We had a great evening, wonderful service, and fantastic food. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in the area!
5	Best chopped salad on the planet. No lie. Flat iron steak was perfect. Amazing overall.
5	The buffalo carpaccio here is amazing.  It was an enormous plate with lots of delicious raw meat, crostini and blue cheese, and a big pile of greens to make me feel healthy.The halibut was good too.  Less memorable than the carpaccio, though.Next time I end up in the Phoenix area, I'll definitely come back.
5	get the  chopped salad!!!!
3	Not what I expected... Food was good, not life changing, but tasty. We were there for brunch and decided to have cocktails... Well, we only had one cocktail, but that was because our server got pretty busy and we never really had a chance to order another. We both ate the breakfast enchiladas; I ordered mine with scrambled eggs instead of fried. The food actually came out before the drinks, which seemed to embarrass and annoy the server. The ambiance could use a lil updating as the place seemed it hadn't been changed in 20yrs. The tables are fairly crowded together as well. We actually had to turn our table to leave once we were done cuz another table was sat practically on top of us. Good food, odd place. I gave it 3 stars cuz 2 seems unfair, but I'm not sure this is somewhere I'd dine out again.  I'm not a steak eater so dinner is out, but brunch is a maybe and thats if we are out of other options.
4	A friend and I were up  in Phoenix for the day and chose this place for lunch  d/t other Yelp reviews. Must say the Stetson chopped salad was out of this world. A crazy combination of ingredients that work so well together. The high point was the server giving us a copy of the recipe for it! Yeah!  BTW, never knew Mexican Fresca was so different than domestic.
5	Great food!  Buffalo meatballs with truffle oil are to die for!  Excellent  margaritas & wine list.  Atmosphere is fun yet sophisticated.
4	Yum!  Who knew pork cheeks is so tender and tasty!  I love Restaurant Week!  Ordered some Wild Boar Meatballs and Chili Beef Stew for appetizers.  The chili was pretty good, but I thought the Wild Boat was the best - it was meaty, but not gamey like most non-domesticated animals.  I ordered the Pork Cheeks over corn-bread pancakes.  I wasn't too crazy for the pancakes, but the pork itself was YUM!Service was great and attentive -- Good service is hard to find these days so I totally appreciate an above average service any day.  Kudos Cowboy Ciao!There was a good vibe going that night I attended.  I really enjoy the panoramic view of the streets from the inside.  It was Monday night, but the place was hopping and buzzing.  Definitely, a great place to bring that someone special :) - Enjoy!
5	Great food! Ive been there a few times and have not been disappointed. Nice wine list too.
4	A very unique restaurant in the old town section of Scottsdale.  Very interesting menu and unbelievably the largest wine list I have ever encountered.  A nice combination.  Ordered several of the small dishes.  All were cooked to perfection. and tasted very good. Especially liked the chopped salad  and scallops were especially good. Nice setting.  Friendly greeter and server.  The atmosphere is very casual with a touch of elegance. Recommended for sure.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in the valley. I moved away 5 years ago, and every time I visit I have to return for the Stetson Salad and Mushroom Pan Fry.  I love that the ambiance is casual - you can wear jeans, if you want - but the food is delicious, and they offer a wine to please anyone.
5	Cowboy Ciao has a great selection of American Foods, with the Chopped Salad being a weekly craving of mine.  The wine selection couples well with their menu and the flights are a great way to go if your just stopping in for a night cap.
5	Took some clients here for dinner last night and it did not disappoint.Their Stetson Chopped Salad is SOOO good.  Really unique, really tasty.I had the seared ahi tuna and it was also very good.  The service was outstanding, the location and ambiance were perfect.
3	Full thoughts blogged....to call the concept, website, and descriptors of Cowboy Ciao eclectic would be an understatement to say the least - it is almost so "out there" that I'd considered skipping it entirely until one of my dining companions at Pizzeria Bianco suggested that not only was it worth inclusion on my agenda, but that he'd be glad to meet me for lunch - an offer I gladly accepted.  With somewhat shaky padded wooden chairs at each table and a menu delivered at seating my friend and I sat browsing the interior of Peter Kasperski's 1997 space with some amusement; From Mardi Gras beads strewn across chandeliers to wall paintings befitting a mom n' pop Italian space to the largely western themed exposed brick and stucco apparently little has changed in the intervening 15 years.  Chuckling to myself as I opened the menu with quotations ranging from Spaceballs to The Addams family it would be mere moments before our server, John, would stop by to fill our water and announce the daily specials.  With the afternoon crowd clearly slow and John, a good waiter but a bit more corny than would have been preferred, ever present it would be mere moments before we were ready to order and confirming all our choices as "excellent" we were left to chatDiscussing real estate, travel, and the area of Old-town Scottsdale it would be a mere 15 minutes before our first courses would arrive and for my appetizer I selected Duck Confit Relleno with roasted shallots, queso Oaxaca, cheddar, and roasted guajillo-tomatillo salsa, I will fully admit that I ordered this dish largely based on the fowl but what I received turned out to be large, bold, and unexpectedly quite sweet.  Beginning first with the Relleno itself, a cored pasilla chili pepper absolutely stuffed with confit and cheese then fried and coated with even more cheese the flavor was exemplary.  With fresh sliced avocado and the squeaky cheese taming the pepper while the crisp duck nicely juxtaposed the creamy cheddar it was the green salsa that really served as the most surprising part of this dish - an acidic pineapple flavor with a slightly heated finish.For ours second course we'd see Cowboy Ciao's most famous dishes - first the "Stetson Chopped," I had the opportunity to watch the beautifully arranged salad of couscous, arugula, tomato, cheese, pepitas, corn, salmon, and currants come together before my eyes.  Never one to be wowed by a salad, particularly one with a mayo based dressing I will admit that the presentation and composition of this dish did intrigue me enough to take a couple of bites and while indeed a salad I could just as easily make at home I really did love the variety of textures and flavors hiding beneath a dressing that although hefty was quite refreshing with notes of basil, onion, garlic, and lemon beneath the slightly sour creamy tones.If the Stetson is not Cowboy Ciao's most fabled item then my main course most certainly was, a dish described simply as the Exotic Mushroom Pan Fry.  Again topped with chopped avocados, cheese, and tomatoes and consisting of "mucho mushrooms (including cremini, button, oyster, cepe, lobster, black trumpet, shiitake, morel, yellow foot)" in ancho cream over double-cooked polenta the pan fry would prove to be many things, not the least of which being the richest vegetarian dish I've ever tasted.  Beginning first with the mushrooms - a blend I have a hard time calling exotic as each can be found at your local Whole Foods - I will admit that the variety of flavors and textures were truly impressive, particularly as they related to the hearty and complex sauce.  With each bite a different experience depending on the balance of mushrooms and vegetables this was exactly the sort of dish I love though I really could have done without the polenta - a thick gob that was so wet it did nothing to soak up any of the sauce and as such tasted like a wet sponge in the middle of the dish.Having requested some bread to assist in sopping up the rest of the ancho cream (bread that is 'baked to order,' largely flavorless on its own, and an unlisted $2 for three meager rolls) John would arrive as my friend was finishing his salad and I was sopping up the last of my sauce to ask if we would be interested in dessert and with my love of bread pudding well documented I selected "Bread Pudding Overboard" which arrived on a large plate in a relatively modest portion. .  Beginning first with buttery brioche - the sort they should have served instead of those dinner rolls - nicely soaked in caramel custard and dotted with dried cherries, craisins, and pine nuts the steaming hot bread pudding was of good quality and firm texture; a good but not stunning representation on its own.  Moving next to the toppings - a trio of brown sugar streusel, praline cream, and American Oak ice cream the overall effect was sweet, sweet, and sweet - not inherently a bad thing, but a bit of overkill.
5	You will not be disappointed.  This place has fantastic food, cocktails and service!  I got the mini mushroom fry, my husband got the chicken fried trout, both were outstanding.I like trying new things, but I will certainly eat here again the next time I'm in town.
5	I just moved to Scottsdale and ate dinner here...AMAZING!  Service was great and food was even better.  But be warned, portions are huge!  I ordered an appetizer and the mini version of the mushroom fry, and it was more than enough food.  My mom had the Stetson chopped salad, which we both swooned over.  Oh, and we shared the sweet potato soup, and, had I not been in public, I would've licked the bowl clean.  I'll definitely be returning soon!
2	Visiting from D.C. We enjoyed a nice dinner.  Bruschetta was good.  My wife ordered the Testosterone salad and thought it was great.  Lettuce was chopped nicely and the beef strips layered on to were tender and tasty.My swordfish was perfectly cooked and the cream sauce that came with it very nicely complimented the fish.  However, the sauce and all the vegetables on which the fish was presented were way too salty for my taste, so much so you would think the chef slipped and accidentally dumped the entire salt container into the mix.Service was good.  Our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable but w e felt a bit hurried through appetizers and the main course.
5	Great service, super sweet wine list. The chopped salad is amazing, mushroom pan fry is to die for, mac and cheese perfect. Been here a few times and we are still working our way thru the menu. Great place for dinner for 2 or a big group. Everyone we bring here loves it!
3	Cowbody Ciao has been on my list of places to try for quite some time. Tucked away down a side street in Old Town Scottsdale, for years it has been "out of sight, out of mind" for me, until a few weeks ago when we stumbled across it on a walk through the town. The atmosphere left a little to be desired, but the food was light and delicious! We weren't terribly hungry, so we decided to give the famous stetson chopped salad a try. While it was delicious, when most people think chopped salad they picture lettuce. The chopped was the only salad on the menu without a description, and so when a bowl of mainly cous cous arrived, we were surprised. It was delicious, but not what we expected. For a unique menu with a southwestern flair, definitely give Cowboy Ciao a try.
4	First, the wine list is riddiculous, but that is part of their schtick.  I  mean silly the wine list. It is bigger than a phone book, I am not kidding! Worse, the list is organzed by price rather than varietal and region. The list serves two restaurants Cowboy Ciao and Kasmierz. Cowboy Ciao is successful, because of location, setting, and the food is good. I went with l and my dad and his new wife. We had the k vintners highly rated wine for $200. I have a better memory with wines than what we ate.
4	With a name like Cowboy Ciao, I wasn't quite sure what to expect when I heard we were coming here for dinner. Is it American food? Is it BBQ? Is it Italian food? I was pleasantly surprised to see that it's American food with a twist. Their fun menu seemed to have a little bit of everything.I came here with my boyfriend and his family, who had been here before, so they knew what to order. We shared:-Wild Boar Meatballs-Seared Scallops & Beet Risotto-Grilled Black Tiger ShrimpMy favorites were definitely the wild boar meatballs and the grilled black tiger shrimp. The meatballs came in a cream sauce with chanterelles mushrooms and broccolini...so flavorful! The grilled tiger shrimp was also really delicious and they were huge pieces of shrimp - you could really taste the smokey flavor. The scallops were also pretty good but they didn't stand out as much as the meatballs and the shrimp.We had heard so much about the Stetson chopped salad so of course we had to have that. Unfortunately for me, I couldn't have the original pesto dressing since I'm allergic to pine nuts so I had the salad with a tomato vinaigrette. The salad came with couscous, tomato, smoked salmon, pumpkin seeds, corn, and spinach. I'm going to be honest and say that it wasn't quite what I was expecting and while it was good I just didn't see what all the fuss was about. Oh well, moving on...The boy and I decided to share the filet mignon with potatoes and veggies and topped with a dungeness crab cream sauce. We had it prepared medium-rare and it was perfect. It's definitely up there with the other filet mignon's I've had. I also really appreciated that they gave us our own individual plates and split the filet for us!For dessert all of us shared a few plates, we had:-Spumoni Americano-Birthday Cake-Creme Fraiche Cheesecake-Apple Cobbler (not sure on the actual name)My favorites were the spumoni, birthday cake and the apple cobbler. The cheesecake went so fast that I didn't get to have a piece so I can only assume that it was good!Overall, I would definitely come here again. The service was great; the staff gave awesome recommendations and always kept the wine flowing. Food is eclectic and delicious and I can see why Cowboy Ciao is so popular.
2	Cowboy Ciao will serve you a nice plate of food but will fail to excite.  I could serve these plates out of my own kitchen.   For example, braised short rib, red quinoa, steamed bok choy and a side of dipping sauce.  Pictures all these components separated on the plate as opposed to being plated on top of each other in any way.  Take your money elsewhere.
2	I ended up at this place with a group of 10 people on a Friday nightTHE FOODWe had a few various things: the tuna was rather good, quesadilla was just alright and apparently mac and cheese were rather uninspiring according to the mac and cheese aficionado.The drinks were a bit pricy for what they are, but Nikolashka shot was actually pretty good. Good selection of beers, including a cherry beer from Belgium, which in itself easily took 1 or 2 stars from this review... read OTHER section for that :)SETTINGI liked the restaurant setting being a semi-circle of sort, allowing more of an intimate feeling at each one of the tables. It is rather quiet and can be a good place for a date or a not overly loud get together.SERVICEFor the most part, attentive. We were left to our own devices for some time at the beginning even though we were visibly ready to place orders. The waiter simply didn't pay attention to us even though he was circling and serving other tables.OTHERWhen the time came to pay the bill, the two cherry beers added up to $50, or $25 each. A staggering price that we questioned and were brought a menu that had the $25 price on it. The menu also happened to be different from the one we used. The waiter went back in to check other menus and found that the ones we used had a $13 price. Quite a difference. We didn't bother to check if any other prices mysteriously changed, but seems like a prudent thing to do for expensive/exotic drinks or dishes.SUMMARYOverall a decent place, but the different pricing on menus fiasco left a bitter taste. I simply cannot recommend going to a place where pricing mistakes of this sort can happen.
5	This place is off-da-hook! Yo. The menu is extremely creative and the food is incredible.  Large portions so forget the diet or plan an extra 45 minutes on the treadmill in the morning.The famed Stetson Chopped Salad (I prefer with salmon) is to die for and the ribs are just a hot mess (the good kind). This is the place where Foodies and People Watchers encountered supernatural powers.  :-) Friday evenings are great for dining and then a stroll through Old Scottsdale. I strongly recommend an early reservation, particularly if you want to smooze a few clients.  No one will be disappointed.
5	I'm not one for hyperbole, but this may have beenTHE  BEST      MEAL      OF   MY       LIFE!!!!I'd like to hold an awards show and give out lifetime achievement trophies to the following individuals:1.  To the chef, who exceeded my expectations again and again. The Stetson salad, wild boar meatballs, and Korean-style BBQ short ribs (and that killer side of au-gratin brussel sprouts) and you, sir, have won my heart and my stomach.  I want to fill a swimming pool with that BBQ sauce!2.  To our server, Richard.  Your genuine excitement for the food was a nice change from past servers reluctant to give a real recommendation.  You were cordial and professional and made sure we enjoyed our time with you.  I don't know, I may name my unborn child after you in tribute.3.  To the pastry chef, Country.  Your bread pudding was exceptional, but what a surprise, your ice creams were downright dreamy!  The scoop of brown butter ice cream took my tastebuds on a field trip through chilled fields of chocolate truffles.Thank you thank you for a wonderful birthday dinner!
4	Make sure to explain to your friends that it's not a chili place.  Every time I invite someone to check this out they assume its some greasy spoon that serves cowboy beans.  It's actually a upscale semi-formal restaurant and......the food is delicious and intelligent.I've been here for all three meals.  The brunch is good but the dinner is what really sings.If you like mushrooms, get off here and get your tail to Cowboy Ciao.  The Mushroom Pan Fry has something like 10 or 11 different types of mushrooms.  I'm not the biggest mushroom fanatic but even I thought it was awesome.If you've ever read one of my reviews you know I'm all about a good burger.  The Wagyu burger here is freaking phenomenal.  Challah bread AND a truffle aoli AND some amazing bacon..........MY GOD!Definitely recommended!
4	So I made it in to this charming restaurant today, and had to order the famous Stetson salad, and yes, it was very good. Personally, I actually preferred the Testosterone salad, and I think that salad doesn't get nearly enough play. The steak strips were like a little piece of carnivore heaven. So tasty, juicy, and ridiculously tender. Prices were a bit steep. 50 bucks for 2 salads, a glass of wine and an iced tea. Regardless of price, next time I go, I'm SO ordering a big juicy steak. Great people-watching spot right in Old Town, and the place had cute character. Nice place to take visitors from out of town.
3	Don't be fooled by the all the people inside and the vibrant atmosphere.I will eat anywhere including dives as long as the food is good. The food here not good. Its averageOne of the worst feelings is going out to dinner with your spouse and spending over a $100 and not liking your meal. This place consistently gives you this feeling. I ordered a rack of lamb and they served it with a sauce that simply overpowered the meat. Good meat need only be lightly dressed in my opinion. The second time I ordered a steak which was underwhelming. I will not be back for a 3rd try.
5	Very expensive, but very, very awesome. Extensive winelist, attentive waiters, delicious food, great mood lighting, wonderful location. I will definitely be going back.
3	I have always been a fan of Cowboy Caio for dinner; but thought I would try Brunch when I had a friend in town from Hawaii, who wanted an "Old Town Scottsdale" experience.  Great food - I had eggs and hash.  The service was unattentive - asking for pepper (Not on the table); had to ask twice for Iced Tea refills  - and there were only 6 tables.Overall, I'll be back for dinner, but probably not for lunch/brunch.  $60.00 for two (No alcohol) is a little steep for no value add's (i.e. A homemade mini muffin basket upon arrival, etc.) and unattentive service.
4	Had a wonderful date night here with the lova! We really enjoyed their flights they have to choose from. Lover went with a pinot flight and i went with the "Best in Bubbles" flight...mmmmm i love champagne.Service was very good. Our server was on the ball and  knew his stuff when it came to the menu. We shared the filet mignon and the fish and everything was very good. It is a very popular place so make reservations so you're not waiting around! just a friendly tip from yours truly.
5	I pride myself on being 'that girl' that tries out every restaurant I come across. It's practically a hobby for me. For YEARS I kept saying, "I want to go to Cowboy Ciao" but we never made it. Then, thankfully, the hubs' best friend had a big birthday dinner there, so we just HAD to go. (Thank you hubs' best friend!)I have to say that the service was incredible, and the menu was almost overwhelming. There were SO many interesting choices, but I had to stick to the tried and true chopped salad - everyone and their mother has told me about this salad, and I wasn't about to miss out. The hubs ordered the Tenderbelly Pork Shank. The chopped salad has earned its reputation. That thing is de-freaking-licious. The Pork Shank dish was fabulous as well, but I couldn't get over how great the salad was! AND the server always came over to make sure that my wine glass was never empty. Seriously, can it get any better?For dessert we ordered the spumoni- I have had better (no offense) but I'm not sure anything served after that salad would have made me happy :)I'm very glad we finally made it to Cowboy Ciao and I look forward to going back - SOON!
3	I'm on a fan of the salad. I have been here twice and everything else is so so. Great wine list and place to start off to have cocktails before heading out.
5	I can probably just give 5 stars just for the Stetson Chopped Salad. And the Wild Boar Meatballs with the delicious cream sauce. And the fabulously fatty Berkshire Pork Belly.We also ordered the Cheeky Porky, but I found the pork cheek meat to be a little bit on the dry side. But, the accompanying pancakes were good, along with the sauce that topped it.Our waiter was attentive. We had a table along the windows which provided a great view for people watching.Great place to dine, if you're ever in the downtown Scottsdale area.
4	Have to admit, stumbled across Cowboy when I couldn't get into FnB, but I'm glad I did.  Had the most wonderful short rib I've ever tasted.  Ordered the Korean BBQ Short Rib....seriously delicious.  The quinoa was a perfect accompaniment to the dish.Also ordered the house margarita, perfect balance of acid and sweet.The service was great and would highly recommend!
1	Cowboy Ciao used to be a spot I went to about 8 or 9 years ago.  I decided to go there again due to nostalgia reasons, and it didn't live up to my expectations at all.  To start off, the food was not as great as it used to be.  The scallops had a sour after taste to them which I attributed to being in the smoker way too long, and they needed a better sear.  The wild boar meatballs needed more seasoning. The duck confit relleno was pretty good, but the batter was oily and fell right off the chile.Next off, we got seated in the brightly lit room to the left as you walk in.  The room resembles nothing of the ambiance of the rest of the place.  I was turned off by the faux wall artwork.  The waitress seemed rush every time she came to us, and it showed with her missing our mushroom pan fry order.It's hard to explain what it was like being there.  Have you ever gone to a restaurant, and you just wanted to leave after being there for 10 minutes?  Bad service, so so food, and being in a room that reminded me of the olive garden leads to wholly bad experience.With so many other good restaurants such as NOCA, FNB, Herb Box near by, I won't ever recommend this place to anyone again.
4	I have been to Cowboy Ciao several times for lunch and dinner and I just realized that I have never written a review for them!  A must have is the Stetson salad; I love this salad!  I doubt it is very healthy though, but if I wanted healthy I would just stay home and cook for myself.  After having the Stetson salad every single time we come in, my husband recently decided to change it up and order his own salad.  He tried the testosterone salad and loved it.  Definitely a man salad; extremely hardy.  They do change their menu quite often so if you love something, go much back as much as possible while they still have it.  I love their pork belly dishes!
3	Good but not great. We shared the chopped salad which was really, really good. They don't describe it on the menu but we ordered it based on all the other Yelp reviews and were not disappointed even though we probably would not have ordered it if we knew ahead of time what was in it. We also shared the fillet mignon which was cooked perfectly and they split it for us at no extra charge. The wine list by the glass was not acceptable and the glass of chardonnay that my husband ordered was room temperature. The waitress asked if he wanted some ice when he complained! He sent it back and ordered a diet coke which pretty much ruined what could have been an exceptional meal.
2	Went based on reviews. Highly disappointed. Strangest wine list. Completely arranged by price. We are wine drinkers and gave up on bottles.  Sweet savory fusion not successful. Worst risotto ever, tasted like perfume. Big group tasted lots of things, only liked cop salad and mushroom dish. So sorry
5	This restaurant is a must when you're visiting the area. It's got a great vibe and ambience, the wine list is out of control, food amazing and the service is just above and beyond. We had the tiger prawns, Filet Mignon and sword fish...soo good. Take your time and enjoy yourself when you get the chance to visit cowboy ciao :)
5	So, so good! My newest favorite place in Scottsdale.
4	What a great and interesting meal!In town for business and looking at CC's menu, I was intrigued when I saw Wild Boar  Meatballs.   Starting with drinks, they have an amazing mixologist behind the bar.  I went for a drink called Viva based on the waitress' recommendation.    This was a very refreshing, strawberry based drink with different herbs and fresh ingredients.  They also have an incredible wine list ranging from an inexpensive bottle up to $1500 + bottle of vintage.We decided on the small plates menu as it was late and also there were a great deal of interesting items in this area.  The thing that impresses me so about this restaurant is the interesting combinations the Chef brings together.To start. the Stetson Chopped Salad is an absolute must!  The waitress brings out this perfectly arranged aligned plate of chopped lettuce, chopped smoked salmon, trail mix, cous cous, and corn.  She mixed this all up with their amazing dressing and served the two portions.  It was an amazing explosion of different tastes and textures ranging from smoky salmon to sweet little raisins from the trail mix.  I could eat this every day!For small plates; we went with the Burrata with Avocado and olive oil which was  a very tasty combination and a great start.  From there we went with the Wild Boar meatball which was although this was what brought me here, it was my least favorite dish.   Next we had the most amazing and interesting dish of the night, Pork Belly served on a toasted pumpkin bread.  This was absolutely amazing!  The salty and fatty pork belly was so perfectly matched with the sweet crunchy pumpkin bread.  I cant stress enough how amazing this was!  Our last plate was the Tiger Shrimp with corn and bacon.  The shrimp was perfectly grilled, the corn mixed with bacon was a great addition to the dish.We were to full for dessert however all looked amazing including a dish that had ice cream made with duck fat. Cmon, really!A must next time I'm in Scottsdale again or maybe this is the reason to come to Scottsdale.
5	This has become my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale for a nice dinner out.  The menu was very unique and they serve generous portions, unlike most of the Scottsdale restaurants.  To start, our party had 5 people and we had reservations on a Saturday night.  We were seated immediately upon check-in, something that many of the nice steak houses and other restaurants still can't quite figure out.  We all started with a glass of beer, which they have a great beer and wine selection.  They carry many great choices at reasonable prices.Our group split the quesadilla of the day, which was very good.  It changes, so I can't remember the actual ingredients, but one of the better quesadillas I have had.For the main course, I had the pork porterhouse, which does not appear to be on the menu currently.  It was great.  The side came with potatoes au gratin, but was a very unique taste and this alone would bring me back.  I also sampled the mushroom pan-fry, their signature dish.  This was absolutely great and I may order this when I come back again.Overall a great restaurant in Old Town.  Make sure to have reservations though!
4	Cowboy Ciao is overall well rounded. Great interior design, fantastic service, and well cooked filet. It is also a good place to go just for dessert. The white chocolate blondie and  bread pudding are my favs.
3	A wise friend once told me that any type of "cheek" on the menu must be delicious so order it...beef cheek, fish cheek, and of course, pork cheek.  On Cowboy Ciao, it's an appetizer called Cheeky Porky, and the pork cheek is served with corn cakes with aioli and micro greens.  The only miss was the air dried corn that was chewy like uncooked corn.  Decent sized cheek(s), so much so that i ordered this appetizer as a meal.  They also had Fever Tree ginger beer on the menu, which I love.   The "Cowboy" part of Cowboy Ciao is evident in the decor and ambiance...wood everywhere, cheap-ish chandelier draped with beads.  Very friendly staff...there's an open window at the bar where watching the chefs prepare food kept me entertained.
5	I was in Scottsdale this past weekend for a little R&R before attending a conference at the Hyatt at Gainey Ranch.  My friend and I went out to Old Town for dinner one night without any reservations- - we wanted to walk around an see what looked good.   We found ourselves at Cowboy Ciao for dinner.  We only waited about 20 minutes (sat at the bar) before a table opened up.  While we were at the bar, the bartender (a woman, I did not catch her name), was very friendly. We were given a table for dinner pretty quickly.  First, the service during dinner was top notch.  Our waiter helped us select a great wine from their huge wine list.  We told him what we liked "white, not too sweet" and our price range, and he gave us a great recommendations.   On to the food-We didn't try any appetizers because we were determined to make it to the dessert round, based upon the delicious sounding desserts on the menu.   I really liked the fact that the menu had about 8-10 solid entree choices (in addition to a ton of small plates, salads, etc.) - - not too big, not too small.  When I see a restaurant trying to be "all things to all people" with a huge menu, I always wonder how many of the ingredients are actually fresh as opposed to frozen.  While I certainly wasn't in the kitchen, I can say that both of our meals tasted fresh.  I ordered a slow cooked pork shank which fell off the bone with a fork.  It was freaking amazing!  It came with these fingerling potatoes in a garlic cream sauce that was out of this world.  Nice big portion of food, too.  My friend ordered a swordfish steak with a light cream sauce and vegetables.  I tried a bite and it was really good - the sauce was light and did not over power the fish.  Overall, 2 delicious meals.  Onto dessert - - despite our efforts to save room for dessert, I found myself starring down the dessert round with a very full belly of pork and potatoes.  But alas, we are not ones who give up easily.  We ordered the chocolate bread pudding to share.  It came with some smokey chocolate ice cream.   I wasn't the biggest fan of the smokey chocolate ice cream, as I am not a "smokey" flavor person.  But my friend liked it and it was on the side so it did not stop me from diving into the chocolate bread pudding, which was really, really, really good.  Overall, I would definitely come back here if I find myself in Scottsdale again.  We had a great meal.
5	Seriously? I can't believe how good this place is. The atmosphere is great, although very dressy. The food will blow you away and is pretty high end. A little on the expensive side, but you get what you pay for with this place. The way it is designed is really sweet and makes it easy to spend a lot of time in there. The bar is pretty cool and kinda curves around the center of the place. This is one of the top places to eat in Scotsdale, or Arizona for that matter
4	Started my meal with the Stetson chopped salad. Absolutely brilliant, wish I would have thought of it myself. A memorable presentation and a must order. Next came the duck con fit relleno. A valiant effort but the mallard was too overpowered by the pepper and batter. For the main course I selected the exotic mushroom pan fry.  Beautiful variety of mushrooms, swimming in a savory gravy that mimics the loveliest Yankee roast that you've ever had. A meatless Friday would never be easier. A fun, eclectic, Scottsdale eatery.
4	So I was in Scottsdale over the Memorial Day weekend and all I can say is bravo to the culinary scene! Everywhere we went was not only fabulous but inexpensive! I must preface this by saying I do live in the most outrageously expensive city in the country and maybe they can take some lessons from lil ol Scottsdale! We visited Cowboy Ciao on the first night we were there based on a recommendation of a resident scottsdale-ite. Thanks Nick! We had a reservation but we decided to sit at the bar instead. It was quite lively on a Saturday night. We started with the Wild Boar meatballs with charred broccolini, chanterelles cream and truffle oil and I thought I died and gone to heaven. Now NOTHING in this place is even remotely dietetic, everything is rich creamy goodness. They give you two large meatballs, perfect for sharing. We then decided on the duck confit relleno with roasted shallots, queso Oaxaca cheddar and tomatillo salsa. This dish was also very rich but fabulous, my only complaint would be that it needed some more duck. By this time we were tiptoeing on the line of a food coma and we weren't quite ready to wave the white flag so we picked the Burrata Bonanza for our final dish. This was served last and unfortunately we were really working at getting any more food in our mouths. The portions are huge and everything is very fresh. I picked this place based on the wine book they have. It's insane!!!! The prices are great and again my only complaint is that the first 2 selections we made they didn't have. I guess you might expect that form a wine list of over 80 pages. We chose the 3 saints Cabernet which was amazing. I would highly recommend this place if you find yourself in old town Scottsdale and you're not watching your waistline.
5	I had THE BEST pork belly here ever!! When the dish came, I was confused with all the belly fat and not much meat.  After I bite into it, I saw the food heaven!! I can forget all about how fat and evil it is.  My hubby and I were literally fighting for it, haha!The stetson chop salad was not bad.  The mushroom dish was very hearty.  Bread pudding was divine!If we were local, that would be our usual for sure!
3	Chopped salad is pretty delicious!! Don't waste $12 on it here. Go to Wildflower Bread Company and get the same salad less money more food, and in my opinion, it tastes better than Ciao :)The rest of the food here is good though!LOVE the Nikolashka shot- def worth trying if you haven't
2	Every anniversary my wife and I try one of the better restaurants in the valley that we've never been to before. This year, we chose Cowboy Ciao.We made reservations and were quickly seated even when we ran 10 minutes late (thank you!). We saw a lot that sounded good on the menu, so we asked our server for a reccomendation and started with a Mini Mushroom Pan Fry. Mushrooms were well-cooked, and a tasty sauce, but the polenta hiding underneath really didn't add much.For our entres, we had the Grilled Swordfish and the Rack of Wild Boar. Both weren't particularly tender, and the miscellaneous roots and vegetables served underneath the protein really didn't impress at all. Throughout the meal, it felt uncomfortably warm. I just can't imagine that an established restaurant in Scottsdale wouldn't be conscious of the temperature on a summer night.At the end of the meal, our server brought a slice of cake to go after we said we were too full for dessert. Overall, the service was average.Two stars because at the end of the night, when my wife and I walked out, it wasn't just an average experience: we were a bit disappointed.
4	Not sure what's happening with the bankruptcy issues owner Peter Kasperski is going through, but...I have to admit-any restaurant with "cowboy" in the name sort of scares me. I'm not a fan of cowboy culture or what I'd traditionally associate with "cowboy food"-dead animals, goopy beans, etc. So when I went to Cowboy Ciao for a work dinner, I was a little apprehensive about the menu but was pleasantly surprised at how decent the meal was. Not to mention, the ambiance wasn't all Western-themed at all-it was modern and classy, with more European influence than anything.We ate in the back room reserved for large parties, and our servers were friendly and attentive throughout the meal. To start, I had the Stetson chopped salad ($12), which normally comes with smoked salmon, pearl couscous, arugula, dried sweet corn, bruschetta tomatoes, trail mix and a pesto buttermilk dressing. I opted to leave the salmon off. The portion was tiny, but the remaining ingredients made for such a fun and interesting combination of tastes and textures. I loved the crunchy corn, which went really well with the dressing. I opted to mix everything together, even though the ingredients were originally separated, and the only complaint I have is that I wish there had been more of it.For my main course, I had the Exotic Mushroom Pan Fry ($24), which came with polenta, mushrooms, tomatoes, avocado and cheese, drenched in a delicious ancho chile cream. I thought the mushrooms were amazing, but I'm not a huge fan of polenta, which I passed on to my dining companions. They said it was wonderful, so if you like polenta, you'll probably like this. My favorite part was the ancho chile cream, which had just the right amount of spice to it and complemented the other ingredients well.I paired my meal with a tasty mojito, but someone else ordered a bacon-garnished cocktail that I had to take a picture of. Seriously, why is bacon such a big trend?! Poor pigs.Other people noshed on Stuffed Pork Rib Chops ($27) with blue cheese, ancho bread pudding and raisin/fig compote, while others dug in to Grilled Salmon ($29), with poblano cakes and tomatillo relish. The dishes looked pretty, and I didn't hear any complaints about the rest of the food.Dessert was so delicious, I would go to Cowboy Ciao just for after-dinner drinks and dessert. We had Ricotta Cheesecake ($8), with a strawberry/orange blossom compote and honey. Every bite was creamy and fruity and melted in your mouth-just how cheesecake should be. Mmmmmm.So, don't judge Cowboy Ciao on its name. The menu includes everything from a New Zealand Lamb Loin to bruschetta and enchiladas-not exactly stuff you'd expect to see cooking around a campfire. And with candlelit tables and chandeliers gracing the ceilings, the eatery is way prettier than a dusty old saloon, too.
3	interesting menu choices and just good food, but didn't impress me too much for the price.
5	My office is across the street and I had my first dinner there a few weeks ago.  Culinary wizardry! Wild Boar meatball appetizer is nor to be missed. Flatiron steak with what tempura-like plantains (bananas) on the side was awesome.
5	Still daydreaming about the food. Best ever! A little pricey but worth every penny. Convinced I need to include Cowboy Ciao on my list of monthly must eat at restaurants. Yum yum yum!!!
5	I went to cowboy ciao for my birthday and was very pleased with it! My family typically likes to get a bunch of stuff and share so we started with a chopped salad, the shrimp appetizer and the mushroom appetizer. The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the mushrooms were really flavorful and delicious, however, the chopped salad was the star of the night! It was so good I ended up ordering another one because the first one was devoured so fast. I typically don't think of salads as memorable dishes but this is by far the best salad I have ever had and I would come back just for the chopped salad. To finish it all off, the server brought me a huge piece of delicious chocolate cake on a plate that said happy birthday which was a nice touch! I would definitely recommend this restaurant - great atmosphere and even better food!
5	I've been to this restaurant several times, all for the same darn salad!  The Stetson's Chopped Salad is...hmm..might I dare say the BEST salad I've ever eatten!  I live in CA and have actually booked some training in Scottsdale, only so I could eat this salad!  Not a big fan of the cowboy motif, but based on how good this salad is, I can look past it!  And I will say this place has a decent wine list (coming from a Napa Valley Wino).  I've tried other items on the menu as well, and I will say all were good - even down to their burgers!   A must try - the Stetson Chopped Salad for sure!!
4	I went to this place with a family member upon their recommendation.  The salad was amazing!  I forget exactly what it is called (cowboy chopped salad I think?) .  Firstly it's gorgeous (comes in rows of the ingredients which are beautiful colors; arugula, tomatoes, pepitas, dried currents, chicken, asiago cheese, and dried corn for some crunch)  Then when it gets to your table they pour on the dress (a creamy dressing with a slight basil taste to it), and it all gets mixed together.  I believe it usually comes with salmon instead of chicken but we ordered ours with chicken and it was a great fit, I highly suggest it. The rest of the menu looked amazing too, but I'm not sure I could go there and not get the salad.  So I suggest going with multiple people, splitting the salad and then splitting another entree.  The decor of the place could probably use a little sprucing up and it's a bit on the cheesy side.  Service wise was unfortunately not the greatest experience.  It was a slow time and we had a hard time getting our bill or being asked if we needed anything else.  Thus the deduction of a star.  But I would still give it another try just for the food.
4	Great food, great location/ setting, and good drinks. Been here twice both were great experiences. As far as the food I highly recommend the following:App's-  truffle oil mac & cheese and the mini mushroom pan yummyDinner- It was so good that it's the only thing I've ordered and don't want to try anything else just too goo. Korean-Style BBQ Short Ribs they are AMAZINGGGGG they are so tender and juice fall right off of bone and they are served with this mouth watering Asian BBQ sauce. It's not a thick BBQ sauce put rather a thin more like ajus sauce. The place is pricey but worth it.
5	amazing food...good service...unique menu.  Love this place!  Everything we ate was good, the atmosphere is awesome and the service is personable.
4	Good Date Night Spot!!!  Went here the other night for dinner and it was really good. I had the steak and my wife had the casa dilla of the day.  Both were cooked to perfection.  Sometimes nicer places have really small portions and seem to pay more attention to how pretty the dish is instead of how good it is but this place was spot on with both presentation and taste. We did not have a reservation so we sat at the bar which has full menu service.  The bar wraps around and near the men's restroom there is some additional bar seats that nobody sits at.  I thought this area might have been a little more private than some of the two person tables.  I also thought it was cool to be able to see into the kitchen but that might only be appealing to me.  The bartender was very knowledgeable and checked on us several times during our meal.  This place has a good vibe for couples doing the date night thing but there was also a table of 6 near us who were also having a good time.  Cowboy Ciao is a win win.  The desert donuts are ridiculously good as well.
4	Nice enough looking location.  Parking is plentiful.Waiter was engaging but did disappear for long spells.Food was good, not sure we had anything that was AMAZING.Worth at least a revisit.
4	Enjoyed the food and liked the fact that there are smaller sharing plates.We got the Ciao Mixed Greens (spring tomato, white balsamic, pesto buttermilk, mustard vinaigrette) which was solid.  The Cheeks & Beans had really tender beef cheek meat, and the Burrata Bonanza (with avocado, arugula, radish, fried shallots) was good as well. One of the signature dishes they had was the Mushroom Pan Fry.  We got the mini version, and I really enjoyed the sauce it came in.  It's a bit of a misnomer since whenever I see "pan fry" I think of "stir fry" but this dish was definitely not a stir fry.  The sauce was thick and creamy, and had sort of a tomato base.  Would be good to eat with bread or something.Liked the decor as well.  I'd consider coming back if I was in the area again.
4	For me it would be more like 3.5 but when it comes to round up, I guess CC deserves the upgrade.We ordered everything to the center, as one of our friends likes to say, "sharing is Karing (typo intended, local joke :)We had the pork chop, the mushrooms, the porkbelly, mac and cheese, and flat iron steak. All the dishes were pretty good. The mushrooms had avocado that was ripe and firm (hard to find a good avocado and they nailed it).The pork chop was kind of dry, hard and lacked flavor. The flat iron steak was good but a little salty.The pork belly and mac and cheese were pretty good. Good wine (pinot noir from Oregon at 15 a glass).So the food would be a solid 4 stars (specially because it wasn't like crazy expensive considering each one had 2 drinks of our party of 3). What I didn't get is why to put so much stuff in a good dish? All the garnishes were plain and uneventful.The decor and setting doesn't go with the food, from my point of view. We were sitting like in the middle, by the bathroom and the kitchen divided by an ugly curtain.The service was OK.All in all, a good place.
4	After week of coordinating with a newly created yelp - foodie group, we decided that our first visit will be at Cowboy Ciao. I haven't been to CC for over 10 years, and I am glad I came back.Our server, Nancy was amazing, funny, and on point at all times. She did mention it was restaurant week, but we mentioned her what we were there for and she had some recommendations for us.Our group shared the truffle mac and cheese, mushroom pan fry, pork chop, pork belly, and the flat iron steak.Nancy was very diligent making sure we pair our food perfectly. First came out the pork belly and the truffle mac and cheese. Every bite was delicious and went well with each other.Second came our main plates: flat iron steak, pork chops, and the mushrooms. I would go back just for the mushrooms alone and the sauce. I decided to wash down this decadent food with the wine flight CC was offering. I would definitely recommend this place for an intimate date night. You cannot go wrong.And a huge thanks to our server Nancy!!!
5	Great food and great service. The food was upscale home cooking with a unique take on each plate. Their famous salad was great and my whole table enjoyed everything. Cool atmosphere and great waiter.
4	Came here for Arizona Restaurant week, and it was my first ever visit.  For an appetizer I ordered the burratta, which included proscuitto and had a wonderful mango? vinaigrette dressing drizzled over it.  Fabulous!!  Then came the mushroom pan fry.  OMG.  A party in my mouth and I've been craving it ever since.  Perfect flavoring.  The dessert was banana bread pudding, and while I'm a huge fan of bread pudding, this one disappointed.  Too dry for my liking.  They also had a wine flight special and the wines were very enjoyable.  Their wine list is ridiculous.  It's literally a book.  A little too overwhelming for me.My companions ordered off the regular menu.  One friend ordered soup and salad and asked that the soup be brought with the entrees.  But it was served with the salad.  She again asked that it be brought out later so they took it away.  When it was brought out later it was cold and hardened potato soup.  My other friend's dish was also cold.  Both were reheated and the manager offered each of them a complimentary glass of wine which was really appreciated.On the pricey side, so will probably come back when someone else is paying or I find a special deal.  But I'll definitely be back.
5	On a whim, I came in for a few extra bites after a Yelp event with some friends. I thought it'd be light, but I was wrong. Even their so called appetizers will have you full from the richness they entail! I'm surprised that on a Tuesday night, it'd be so crowded, but the place felt alive and fun.The Scallops with Risotto came with 3 large heavily seasoned scallops on top of a mixed risotto. This was in the appetizer section, but it was a good lunch size portion I would say. The mac and cheese and crispy potato chips as part of the "bread crumb"ish topping. I'm a sucker for truffled mac and cheese, so this was the first victim to be obliterated. No prisoners here. I will be ordering this every single time I return.The pulled pork appetizer was more than enough for us to split 3 ways. It came with hard boiled eggs and some vegetables covered in a sauce that looked like Ponzu sauce, but was not actually Ponzu sauce, but whatever it was. Absolutely delicious!Lastly, being a meat-a-tarian, I rarely order salads, but the hype about the Stetson Salad has solid ground. I don't know what exactly makes it so special, but like the menu description said, I would (probably) make a picture of this chopped salad part of my screen saver, because it's heroic how good it is!I also bought some of their gourmet popcorn on the way out the door. I couldn't turn down chocolate hazelnut pretzel popcorn or chocolate bacon popcorn. I mean, "When do you ever come across these types of snacks?" My only dislike was that my diet soda was $4. I was actually taken aback by that since I'm used to sodas being half that, but whatever, I'm one to talk. I did after all and  on a whim, buy two $8 mini bags of gourmet popcorn.
5	Since I was already here I had to stop by one of my favorite, plan my day around restaurants.  Just be prepared to wait or fight for a seat at the bar since even on a Tuesday night this place is crowded.  Once you have some of the food you will know why.......Here is some must haves, Stetson salad, Pork belly, mac and cheese, the scallop dish looks large and delicious.  Unfortunately on shellfish I can only look and not sample :(Also try the bread pudding and maybe the chocolate covered bacon on the way out.  Anything with chocolate and bacon must be good?  2 of my favorite food groups :)
4	I had a chance to eat here once again after a yelp event near by.  Thank you Jennifer H. and Floyd C. for the great company.   We were obviously wooed by the great menu since we managed to order four dishes after just having had dinner elsewhere.  We ordered their revered stetson chopped salad, scallos with risotto, pork belly and mac and cheese.The menu does change, but you can always count on the stetson chopped salad.  You can usually find some sort of pork belly dish on the menu, but this one was my favorite one from them.  The mac and cheese was great, too!.  Now for the scallops....they were nicely seasoned,  but the risotto did not taste like risotto.  It was not creamy at all!  I probably wouldn't order again, but I would love to try the shrimp and grits.
4	The Stetson Chopped salad is delicious and a perfect portion. I substitute  the meat for avocado.
5	Stetson Salad.  If you have never had it, just get it and do it now.  Wow!  Also, love the tuna when they have it on the menu.  It is always cooked to perfection and I am always disappointed when I order tuna elsewhere as it pales in comparison.  I like the decor, it's quirky and whimsical.  Also love the Ciao shots with the lime on top.  Delicious.
5	Truly wonderful, Beef cheeks with beans, a wonderful server she was awesome, Great wine list and wines by the glass, they get it, true good wines by the glass. Peter stopped by to help with the wines, Robert Foley Griffin and Marshall Family Pinot Noir.  We had a great time fun and laughs. then walked over to Kasmer.
5	Stetson Salad!  Stetson Salad!  Stetson Salad!  Go get it and go now!
5	Cowboy Ciao is one of my favorite things about visiting Scottsdale! Every time I've been there I've had an unforgettable experience. Food is an amazing balance of funky and phenomenal. Wine list is extensive and service has never been short of fantastic. I can't stop thinking about the ahi filet the size of my head so so good. Can't wait for my next trip to AZ.
5	Cowboy Ciao.. What can I say? Absolutely amazing! If you haven't had a chance to dine here make a reservation immediately. Ciao is by far one of the best most consistent restaurants that one can find. I was in an indecisive mood so I asked to do chefs choice for food and wine pairings. Rich paired 5 courses with multiple wines and knocked them all out of the park! The chopped salad with brut rose champagne was incredible. Sencere and Gewurtztraminer with the trout were both fantastic.  The Coudolet Beaucastel blanc and the porc belly made my evening probably my month! The flat iron steak was cooked to perfection and melted in my mouth. The Malbec that accompanied the dish was beautiful with ripe fruit an earthy backbone. The whole meal was exceptional. Great food great service great ambiance, Ciao  exceeds expectations at every turn. A true gem in the Phoenix dining scene. And don't sleep on the wine list! If you want any suggestions just ask Rich he really knows his stuff.
4	This was our last stop in the airport on our way home from a week in Scottsdale and I must admit I'm glad we stopped.  It did not look like much from the hallway - noisy airport-bar atmosphere and whatnot, but they managed to seat all six of us despite appearing packed with no wait whatsoever.  Not only that, but the hostess actually asked how long we had until our flight - to ensure either that whatever we ordered would be ready in time, should there be concerns, or recommend things that would be ready in our time frame.  I was quite impressed!We were seated at a long communal table which worked beautifully, we took over one end and the other side just rotated people as they finished eating.  I initially ordered the pineapple wine with mom to try but they were out of that (supposedly it is quite rare) so I had the sangria instead.  It is very strong in the citrus flavour but the berries at the bottom help balance it and I really enjoyed the drink.For a meal I tried their daily quesadilla.  Yesterday's was chicken, roasted Anaheim peppers, roasted corn, asiago cheese, and topped with something similar to a chipotle mayo drizzle.  It came with a pepper/mango salsa that was delicious sprinkled on top of the slices.  I got to sample some of the homemade chips which were beautifully seasoned and had come with my mother's West Coast Wrap.I also got to try a bite of the chicken fried trout.  I highly recommend that dish to anyone who likes seafood - it looks like it would be spicy with the chili and sriracha but the dill aioli and the buttermilk coating on the fish blend out the spice so you get the flavour of the spicy ingredients but not the heat.  And the coleslaw...Derek is not a coleslaw fan so he had a few bite then let mom and I fight it out for the rest...It was one of the best coleslaws I have ever had.  It was a simple cabbage slaw tossed in lime juice and vinegar in such a way that it disappeared as soon as we were allowed to eat it.We did not stick around for dessert, because our flight was supposed to board 20 minutes after we finished eating...but between the pleasant service and the delicious food I would definitely eat there again!
4	Excellent service, good food! Recommended spot in Old Town!
5	Oh Cowboy Ciao..how I miss thee! It doesn't better than a Stetson Chopped and a glass of wine. Oh, and the mushroom pan fry and desserts aren't bad either.
5	Everything is wonderful. Nice wine selection. I highly recommend going here to anyone wanting a nice meal while in Scottsdale. Romantic atmosphere.
5	Cowboy chow is great!!! Been here a dozen times at least and always pleased with food and service.  Order the scallops on risotto and as an entree you can't go wrong with the puerco lento, fall of the bone pork served on well seasoned potatoes
4	Cowboy Ciao was an overall great dining experience! A group of six of us grabbed some late-night eats here immediately after a four-hour flight into the city. Our server was fantastic-- although we arrived less than two hours before their closing time, she greeted our group with much enthusiasm and satisfied all our curiosities about their menu highlights and extensive wine list. The atmosphere is classy, warm, and inviting-- a perfect date night spot!Although I limited myself to a bowl of soup, I was able to sample some of my group's picks, which included The Stetson Chopped Salad (phenomenal), truffled mac & cheese (great!), Buffalo Carpaccio, and the Berkshire Pork Belly (very delicious).Everyone walked away with a positive dining experience and only great things to say about their food. Next time I'm in town, I'll be returning to this spot!
4	The food is phenomenal!  However, the service - not so much.We sat down, ordered some water, and began to look at the menu.  The server did not come back for quite some time...when he finally did, we ordered some drinks and the blue cheese stuffed olives. He offered my mom a taste of the wine before she ordered it, and that was helpful.  After we got our drinks, my mom and I both ordered the chopped salad which I called OMG in a bowl.  We also ordered some cibatta to go with the salad.  The salads came - they are AMAZING!  Halfway through the salad, my mom reminded the server of the bread.  At the end of the salad, the bread arrived.  The bread was...fabulous..but would've been nicer to eat WITH the salad, instead of after the salad.  At the end of the meal, the server remembered the olives, so he brought those with the check.  He did not charge us for them, but still it would have been nice to have WITH the drinks.  I joked with my mom that we had a backwards meal.Bottom line - the food is terrific..a good value for the price.  However, the service was sub-par.
3	My boyfriend and I decided to try out Cowboy Ciao for New Years Eve.....could have probably picked a better time.  It was not jam packed however, the seating arrangements SUCKED.  They had tables set up to pack as many people in like sardines as they needed and any that were a party of two were screwed.  The two tops were along the window side (where it was very cold) and backed into corners with larger tables either in front or behind them.  Us and another couple were lucky enough to be stuck into such corners.  My legs were freezing the entire time and the loud table behind us were so close I could smell their food.  Not so much.  I don't know if seating is always like this, but I sure hope not!As far as food goes it was set up in flights for the holiday's.  The food was pretty decent, not the best I've had but not the worst.  No real complaints on the taste or how things were cooked.  The only negative I have is that we were there for almost 4 hours so instead of a meal, it was more like an event.  Normally I'm not in a rush to eat and run, but that is a little too long for my personal taste.  Our waiter was friendly so that was a plus.  The interior decor was outdated and just overall well, ugly.  I did like the chandeliers though. :)  Overall, it wasn't a terrible experience but I would not go back and would not recommend it to others.
2	We have lived in Scottsdale for almost 5 years and many times we have heard how great this place is.  Finally went here to try it out with a group and it was probably some of the worst food we have had in Scottsdale.  The service was not great and seriously the food is lacking!  We won't be back...
5	Service was awesome.  The location is nice - a lot of people watching opportunity.Had one of the best cheese plates I've ever tasted with 5 very likable cheeses yet a good variety.  The chop salad is a must try.  Chicken wrap was so so but the open face steak sandwich was delicious.  Value's ok as well.  Just don't get soda ($4 for a mini plastic bottle!)  Definitely pick up deals when you can too!
4	Ahhh I have such fond memories of this place when I lived in Phoenix ages ago. My boyfriend and I would come here all the time for the expresso crusted filet and flowerless chocolate cake, we even came here on New Years one year and had a fabulous time. During my recent Phoenix visit I had to pop in for dinner with my bestie for the Stetson chop salad with salmon and although it had been forever it did not dissapoint. Literally the most amazing concoction ever. Its so fresh and flavorful I could eat it everyday! The place was just as I remembered romantic and casual with good wine and delicious food.
5	Cowboy Ciao is one of my favorite Scottsdale restaurants. I have been visiting here since moving to town ten years ago and I can't think of a time I have been disappointed.The food has always been quite enjoyable and service is always on point. The atmosphere is comfortable and not the standard thing you find at chain style restaurants.Definitely one of the few spots that are on my short list of favorite restaurants in town.
3	I've eaten here twice, once at their main location and once at their airport location and I've been disappointed both times. The food is good but not great and the prices are high. In my opinion, not worth it.
5	When you thought the chop salad couldn't get any better....then there was Cowboy Ciao:)
4	It's been my intention to have dinner here again (we visited many years ago) but alas, it still hasn't happened.  We did a culinary food tour in Scottsdale and this was one of the stops.  We were served their famous chopped salad and it was tasty.  Delicious drinks too!
5	So we got off the plane, checked into our hotel and walked over to Cowboy Ciao for dinner.  I was expecting a bar/grill for some reason.  But was pleasantly surprised at the upscale fine-dining atmostphere.Wife and I had the chopped salad.  It was very good.  I am lactose intolerant so the waitress held out the cheese.  I have to say, the reviews are right on with this one. Delicious!  I could totally eat a salad by myself.Then came the pork belly over waffles appetizer.  Wow!  I've always liked pork bellies, being Asian, I love fat.  This is amazing!  Salty, smoky, fatty deliciousness that melts in your mouth.  The waffles just adds to the experience.  It's rave in my mouth.  :)For my main course, I had the pastrami-style short ribs.  Jeez!  Wow!  BIG plate with succulent, juicy, perfectly cooked short ribs.  The meat is smoky, tender, and falls off the bones.  So so good!Definitely a must-eat in Scottsdale!
5	one of my faves. i ALWAYS take my nyc friends here for something unique that they wouldn't expect from,,,,,phoenix??!!#% :Dme, i like to graze. small bites and i can't keep away from the berkshire pork belly/ berkshire anything + pork belly = can't pass it up. truffle mac/cheese. my two faves. salads are great too
5	A fantastic restaurant with excellent ambiance, food, service and cocktails.  I can't think of a single flaw of my last meal here, and so I can't possibly give them anything less than five stars.  If you have guests coming in from out of town, make sure to bring them here - it's cuisine that will keep folks talking.
5	Fantastic chopped salad.  I had the pork shank; very good.  We went to dinner with another couple and really enjoyed the whole experience.
3	Was not impressed.  A few friends have said citizen public house is better all around, but we took our chances.  Service was good, food was average.  When your in Scottsdale and going to a great food place (especially at $75 a person) I guess I just simply expected a bit more.  Chop salad is great, warm bread was good, pork chop was a little dry, but the surprise was the bill.  $150 for 2, with only 2 drinks.  No dessert either.  Average, and prob wont be back.
4	chopped salad was excellent, entrees are very good too, friendly service, recommended.
4	Superb service from Steve, despite allergy needs for menu changes. We ordered the Stetson salad (outstanding), the pork belly appetizer (succulent) and the Reuben, which melted in my mouth. I highly recommend on service and food quality/value. We've been here 4 times and will be again.
5	Food, drinks and wine ---- all so good.  Everything on the menu looked good, can't wait to come back and try something else.  Highly recommended.  Best dinner of our trip to Scottsdale.
3	Although the menu looks very exciting, our appetizers were not as good as we expected. Mushroom dish had a lot of cremini and not as many wild mushrooms, otherwise a very rich and indulgent dish (can't imagine the entree portion). Duck relleno didn't have that much duck in it, otherwise the dish was very tasty. Buffalo carpaccio was good, but the toasts were way too crispy. Good drinks, somewhat slow service.
5	Alright, this place has been reviewed probably enough times for my review to not blow your mind with knowledge. But hey! I love writing reviews, it almost warrant's how much I eat just to tell you how awesome it is (and you know, cause food is awesome).My experience at Cowboy Ciao was a prospective/struggling foodie's DREAM in the making. My friends parents invited me and 8 of my friends (yeah imagine that chaos) for a fabulous dinner (i.e. he was cuffing the bill). He kept ordering us cocktails, bottles of white and red wine and every appetizer known to man. We were there drinking, eating and laughing for 4 hours, and I can surely say it was worth every minute of it. Heaven. This is foodie heaven. I'm not even ashamed to say this is all the stuff I ate:STETSON CHOPPED (Salad)Its the reason why most people come to Cowboy Ciao, yet the ingredients aren't even listed on the Menu. Never fear, Yelper in need, here is what is in the famous stetson chopped: Israeli (pearl) couscous, Roma tomatoes,super-sweet dried corn, arugula, smoked salmon, asiago cheese, toasted pepitas, dried black currants. Dressing: buttermilk ranch $13Since this is a fancy schmancy restaurant, the server will toss the salad for you and use half of the dressing, which is all you need to get the creamy, crunchy, sweet, salty, weird-yet-delicious mixture that is this fascinating salad. There is salmon, there is veggies, there is couscous, there is everything you could want in a motherloving salad, and this one, this ones the freaking best.PORK BELLY & WAFFLESA fancy take on chicken and waffles, the pork belly was tender and delicious but the 5-spice waffle was just a plain waffle that lacked sugar. The appetizer was topped with an alternative-syrup that made the sweet and salty dish super successful. Hmmmm, tasty tasty calories  MAC AND CHEESEThis is supposed to be a "different take" on the traditional M&C but the taste is pretty standard. The spiral noodle is al dente and the brie makes the texture very creamy but super mild in flavor. I would have loved some stronger cheeses (asiago, goat, blue) or spices to kick it in punch. At $7 its a small cup of noodles that works great as a side dish or as a tiny appetizer for 2 people. Hmmmmm cheeeese.QUESADILLA DEL DIAOr queso-dila of the day for those that don't speak the language. This one was filled with (what I think was) pulled pork filling which was tender, blasting with flavor and topped with a creamy creme fraiche on a toasty quesadilla. Although it just was one shell folded in two, the meat filling was so..errr.. well, "filling" enough to be a meal of its own. Easy to say, best quesadilla i've ever had. Hands down.DUCK CONFITQuestionable presentation, amazing flavors. It was hard to actually recognize it as "duck" because they place a laaarge layer of cotija cheese on top that melted and covered the entire dish. Now, don't get me wrong, i looooooooove me some cheese, but this dish didn't need it, or it didn't need so much of it. The duck that I discovered under the cheese bed was cooked well and was quite tender, but the green bell pepper at the bottom was under-cooked and unnecessary for the dish. Great flavors but weird execution in some of those component.sSALMON ENTREEA giant piece of crispy salmon on top of arugula salad and veggies. The salmon was zesty/limey, tender and a had the perfect amount of salt. This is a protein-health-concious' dream: tons of perfectly cooked protein with simple ingredients, tender veggies and not a carb insight. Freaking fantastic and pretty guilt free.PARTY MOUTH DESSERTMeh, not the "Big finish" that I would need at the end of the feast just described above. This dessert was like a sticky pecan bar served with vanilla ice cream and a crispy cookie. It was overly sweet, sticky and nutty- and extremely hard to cut with a spoon. Drinks, Service and MoreWe drank. A lot. More than anyone should really ever allow us to, but oh well. I ordered a traditional Moscow Mule because their signature "Mezcal" version seemed a little too weird for me. Then we had two bottles of white, 3 bottles of red (all recommended by our server because we were too lazy to read the giant wine bible) and some grapas to finish off the meal. All our cocktails and wine selections were excellent and had a constant refill by our server. Our server managed a loud, needy and drunken table of 12 adults behaving like college students on a free meal. He was great when we asked him for suggestions and patient while we figured out what we wanted to do throughout the meal. I can't imagine what the total came out to (10 cocktails, 5 bottles of wine, 12 shots of grapa, 6 appetizers, 14 main entrees and 1 dessert), but I am happy I had this one chance to get so spoiled on the food and booze I love so much. The foodie in me was in foodgasm heaven. The healthy-small-portion eater in me had a really bad stomach ache the next day. Woops.
5	It bears repeating. The Stetson Chopped is the best salad I've ever had. Ever. I never miss a trip here every visit to Scottsdale.
4	Innovative southwestern cooking. Small plates can make a meal. The duck confit relleno is to die for. Truly a first class wine list.
3	I find Cowboy Ciao hit or miss.  It is a great concept (mixing Italian with southwestern cooking).  The first time I went, I had the Pig in Palenta and it was amazing!  The whole experience was enjoyable.  I have been there a few times since and the food and staff have been just so so.  The choped salad is consistently legit.  Everything else I've had have been hit or miss.
3	This is a tough review for me to right, as I have eaten here a number of times and have had amazing food and very good service. This has been a 4 or 5 star, go to place for me over the past few years. My wife and another couple decided to visit Cowboy Ciao for restaurant week. The food, as it always has been was fantastic. The service, however, was not up to the level we have come to expect. The waitress who served us seemed to be very unhappy with the whole restaurant week concept. With a wine list of over 1800 wines, we asked for assistance from our server. She asked what varietal we were looking for and we answered Zinfandel. She looked at us as if we did not belong in her restaurant and responded with we do NOT have white zinfendal. We clarified that we know the difference between zinfendal and white zin. She asked what price range we were looking at and we said under $60 a bottle. After a fairly long delay, she came back with 3 options, 1 at $58, 1 at $75, and 1 at $80. We immediately disregarded her options and made a choice ourselves. Again, the food was as good as it always is, but the server acted as though she will be very happy when restaurant week is over.
5	Holy crap. Next time I am near Scottsdale I will come back. It is not inexpensive but the food is out if this world.
5	I picked to eat at Cowboy Ciao for restaurant week. With so many good choices offered during the week it was a crucial decision that I did not want to mess up. Cowboy Ciao did not disappoint. I believe I could have possibly picked one of the best Restaurant week options. Not only was the $30 price fixe menu great but for only $10 extra you could a wine flight that was a total steal and under priced. The starter section was scallops on risotto that could have been a meal itself. The two jumbo scallops were very tasty. The main course was the pastrami style short ribs on mashed potatoes with brussel sprouts. The short rib entre was flavor overload in a good way. The meal ended in splitting an angel food  bread pudding and an chocolate banana upside down cake. I liked the banana upside down cake best.
5	It has been years since my last visit and decided to check it out again for the May Restaurant Week. We had such a great experience.  We got a nice side table. Our server was just amazing (that always enhances a restaurant experience)! Our food was delicious, with enough to take home leftovers.  I had the pulled pork over polenta... it was so tasty!  I would definitely recommend Cowboy Ciao and plan to go back sooner this time.
2	Here's the thing, I've been here a few times and generally love it.  This particular occasion was a serious disappointment.  I went here with a gf for my birthday, which also happens to be during restaurant week.  We made reservations, and it took 10 minutes of being walked around before we were even acknowledged. Once seated, we ordered our drinks, which took, no lie, 20 minutes to get to the table.  We should have taken it as a sign but the whole experience was kind of shit.  The server forgot to put in parts of our order, it also happened to be the part we were looking forward to the most. The food came out lukewarm at best.  I know Cowboy Ciao prides itself on better, I have personally experienced better but this time was truly suck.
5	I came here with my husband and 3 other good friends while making our cross country move to San Diego. All of us were visiting one friend who lives in Phoenix and I am so glad we came here!I literally crave the food we had here at times and will come any time I visit my friend in Phoenix! Their chopped salad....get it. I could have easily eaten the entire giant plate of it and been content but am glad I didn't pass up my meal.We also ordered the Pork Belly & Waffles...salty, sweet...the apples and the syrup...wow. So good.I got one of their specials of the night, a Guiness ribeye which was absolutely delicious, awesome flavor. It was pretty fatty...ok...really fatty...even for a rib eye, and I enjoy fatty steaks but this was pretty bad. Our server saw this, apologized and even brought out free dessert for the table!!! It was an ice cream sampler....I seriously have never had more delicious ice cream since. The goat cheese ice cream...to die for. Maple bacon ice cream...delicious!!! As you can guess, the service was amazing, our server was funny, attentive but not bothersome, and our food and drinks came out in great times. My husband got a salmon dish which he devoured and was very happy with. Everyone at our table enjoyed their food as well.The atmosphere was great, bathrooms were clean.I love this place, will definitely come back!!!!!!!
5	My family and I love this restaurant. I've been many times, for brunch, lunch and dinner and we've always had a very pleasant experience. The food is good, though can be a bit heavy, and the Stetson Salad really is as good as they say it is. They also have a nice drink menu and an extensive wine list. Would recommend, and will be back.
4	Went there about a year ago.  You gotta get the Stetson Chopped Salad (great mixture of flavors--very Southwestern) and also the exotic mushroom pan fry. Enormous wine list too...had to ask for some recommendations on that!
3	At PHX airport. New location. I assume this is a pale imitation of the real thing. PHX has taken it upon themselves to rip out a lot of the fast food joints and install local restaurants in the terminals. Some are better than others. This one was a pleasant stop for dinner while waiting for a connecting flight. One of these days, I'll have to try out the namesake
3	I went to Cowboy Ciao for lunch with co-workers. The restaurant itself is setup pretty nice with good atmosphere and seating. The staff was great and very attentive and our waiter was incredibly nice and described their food and processes. Top notch. I got the open faced steak sandwich with bleu cheese chips and the mixed green salad with tomato vinaigrette. The salad was amazing, the combination of the dressing with the seed mix and salad ingredients was great nice and fresh. The sandwich was good, I thought it lacked in overall flavor especially in the meat but I liked the crunchy onions and the toast. The chips were nice and crunchy, I personally find bleu cheese overpowering so I could only eat half of them but if you enjoy it then you would probably love these. Overall an OK place to eat but for a sandwich chips and salad $30 is expensive.
3	We went here because of the great reviews at yelp, but we were a little underwhelmed.  Both of appetizers we ordered didn't disappoint (scallops and berkshire belly with waffles) but the main dishes were just ok.  The skirt steak was not tender enough (I know it's not a filet, but I've had tender skirt steak elsewhere) and and the puerco lento was just ok.  It's worth going back to try the other things on the menu.
4	I have eaten here a few times and have had amazing food and good service. This has been my wife and I place for dinner over the past couple of years. The food, is fantastic and the service is great.
4	Since being introduced to Cowboy Ciao over ten years ago, I have been a regular visitor on my annual trips to Scottsdale.  My friends told me to try their Stetson Chopped Salad.  It is very good, but do try their other selections and ask to see their extensive wine list.
4	A great mix of eclectic very good food. I always have a hard time deciding because everything sounds so good. Love the wild mushroom dish. professional & knowledgeable staff. Creative wine flights showcasing hard to find wines from around the world.
4	I came here as part of a food tour we took during our stay in Scottsdale. We tried their pulled pork tacos and homemade chips and salsa, everything was DELICIOUS!!! Our guide also told us about happy hour taco night ( I can't remember when it is) but next time we are in Scottsdale, we will for sure have ourselves more of their amazing tacos!!!
5	My ABSOLUTELY favorite place to eat in Scottsdale, hands down.  The Rueben sandwich is exquisite and piled high with meat.  The menu has cute names and is very descriptive.  The food is fresh and of the highest quality.  The service is very good and the server is friendly, knowledgeable about the menu and very charming.My next stop in Arizona won't be complete food-wise without a trip to Cowboy Ciao!
4	They would've been given 5 stars if it hasn't been for the horrible service given by my waitress. One of the managers helped me most of the time because he noticed she was ignoring me. Stetson chopped salad is by far one of the best salads I've ever had in my life! The mini mushroom dish was amazing, as well!! Two people could split both and be good to go-just FYI. Bartender made me a non-alcoholic mojito, which was great!! I would definitely come back, just hopefully served by a different person next time!
4	Second time at Cowboy Ciao. I'm just flat out addicted to the Stetson Salad. Aside from eating off my husbands plate, that's the extent of my food knowledge here. And yes... it's as good as they say. We live in Chandler and like the drive to Scottsdale. This is becoming one of our "places". The wine list is extensive and if the immediate staff isn't knowledgeable about the wine they will find someone who is. The ambiance isn't formal, it's laid back and fun more than formal. The down side is that the tables are really close and some of them are really small. Depending on where you sit you can be rubbing elbows with the table next to you. Not a bad thing if you're friendly :) I won't give it five stars as I really only eat the salad and because the service can be a tad spotty. I've noticed they have a few staff with "tudes". I write t it off as a Scottsdale thing. But... still not okay.
5	First time at Cowboy Ciao and relied heavily on the waiter who was superb. Good advice on food, attentive, not intrusive.  The wine list was overwhelming so decided to seek some advice, we said we were looking for a wooded chardonnay in the $60 range, the waiter checked and came back with a Patz and Hall suggestion which was the very one we had been mulling over! So put us in the perfect mood. But I am getting ahead of myself. We started with cocktails, we had the minty Wyatt Herb and a cumin laced cocktail that I can't remember the name of, they were amazing and well priced at $10-12 (but then we had just paid $26 for a Singapore Sling at Raffles).  To start we had their signature Stetson Salad and enjoyed it so much we asked for and got the recipe. You have to have it, the smoked salmon and asiago cheese bring out the best in this salad.  We split the Chile Relleno and the Pork Shank, both were superb.  We finished with a flight of home made ice creams, I can't wait to go back. Well done.
5	Funky restaurant, great food!  My wife and I have been dreaming about the chopped salad.  Remarkable!
5	This restaurant helped pioneer Scottsdale's reputation as a foodie city and Cowboy Ciao is still one of the most consistently excellent places that I've had the pleasure of dining. The menu is sparse, and for good reason, every single dish is done to perfection. The Stetson Chopped Salad is a thing of local legend (which has been copied by numerous area restaurants). After demolishing the salad we indulged ourselves by sharing the Buffalo Carpaccio followed by their Short Rib with potatoes and brussle sprouts. Magnificent.
5	The chopped salad is incredible, the service always fantastic, and the honeycomb homemade ice cream may be one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth.  Yum!Everything my friends and I have tried at Cowboy Ciao has been exceptional.
3	What's the big deal? The chopped salad was a disappointment after reading all the super reviews. We have been here several times over the years. They used to have a mushroom dish that was to die for but no more. Selection of wines is good but so are other places. Had the Good and Boar-ed. It was tasty but wouldn't drive across town for it.Ambiance is a little tacky (hasn't changed in years) and service was par. Waitress did not seem very friendly but she took care of us ok. Kind of acted like she would rather be doing something else.
5	The word "perfect" can been defined as, "having all the required or desirable elements, qualities, or characteristics; as good as it is possible to be."Based on that definition, the Stetson Chopped Salad at Cowboy Ciao is "perfect"!  If I was a salmon, then ending up in this salad would be the perfect ending to my life.  Ok, that sounds a little weirder to read that it did when it was in my head... but the point is that this salad is absolutely "to die for."  For salmon, that is. The Berkshire Pork Belly comes crispy confit style with roasted Brussels sprouts, shallots, toasted almonds, cheese, and a Oaxacan chile honey drizzle.  I don't have to tell you how good that sounds, just go back and read those ingredients again.  Seriously, I'll wait... go read them again.  Pork Belly makes me smile...Needless to say, the Pork Belly also came close to being perfect!  But... even if the Pork Belly was not perfect, the excellent friendly, timely, and attentive service made this entire experience truly perfect. Way to go, Cowboy Ciao!  In the words of the Governator, I'll be back!
1	I have frequented this restaurant over many years, including bringing large private parties for dinner. Food was always exceptional. Today, was a major disappointment. My son, husband and I had brunch/lunch. Food took quite awhile, and when it arrived was barely warm. Son had waffles with fried chicken. Bourbon maple butter had no bourbon or maple flavor. I had buffalo style shrimp with blue cheese grits. Looked more like an app than entree. Shrimp ok, grits cold with no blue cheese flavor. Husbands chicken wrap was boring and uninspired. Sad to see such a great restaurant go downhill.
3	We do love the Stetson chop, it is so good!!!Order out, same great food without the wine at triple the price. TRIPLE!!!
4	Overall, the food was quite good. A little slow, but pretty yummy. The service definitely left something to want for. Our server appeared as though she did not care. When we said we'd never been in before, she asked if we were tourists. Nope. Not tourists. She was very distant and absent the whole meal. Ordered my meal without avocado and it came with avocado. When I pointed this out, she seemed upset with me. Ordered my coffee with cream only, brought me sugar. It was the little things and the neglect but we will definitely think twice before returning for dinner again.
5	One of my favorites by far. I crave the Stetson chopped salad and open face steak sandwich. Food and service are impeccable. If I'm ever in the area I stop in.
5	Outstanding. Started with a chop salad, tossed table side.  Great rendition with salmon. Had a 12 oz ribeye, grilled veggies, as good as it gets. Great service and ambiance. Decent wine menu, beer selection and desserts worth tying yourself to the treadmill.
4	Delicious place, so glad I got to come here!  Everything was flavored fantastically, I was really impressed.Their Chopped Salad was really good (as everyone says) with bits of salmon, corn, lettuce, tomatoes...it was crunchy, chewy, soft all at the same time.  Their Chicken Fried Trout was really good, somehow, it tasted completely non-fishy and was fried perfectly.  Their Exotic Mushroom Pan Fry was really good, with different types of mushroom in sauce over polenta.  Their Nuts About Scallops was really good too, crispy fried scallops served with a really good risotto.  Every dish we had was a perfect complement to the other (we shared everything!).I would get every dish we had here again, twice, three times.  I want to go back!
2	I read the reviews. Heard good things. Was excited to try it. It was just ok. Wouldn't return. Pretty limited menu. Disappointing selections. Split the chopped salad and Reuben. Meat was very fatty and huge chunks. Hard to eat.
4	I've lived here all my life and never even heard of this place. We went here for a work outing and they have very unique food. Their stetson chopped salad is something I've never had anywhere, and it is very good. I won't spoil it for people but if you go, order it and taste it for yourself. It is supposed to be western fusion, but I really don't sense that. Especially when I ordered the Korean ribs! Visited January 2012
4	I have to say I am a fan! The Stetson Chopped salad has got me hooked on this place. I literally get it go once a week! I have taken pretty much everyone I know here just to get this salad! The Exotic Mushroom Pan Fry is also a great choice! If you still have a sweet tooth at the end of your meal definitely try the Apple Cobbler with brie cheese crema and duck fat ice cream! WOW its truly amazing and so different from any apple cobbler I've ever tasted. The service here is always great and they are friendly and quick!
3	I had been here once for dinner back in early 2000's .. not exactly sure when. I don't even remember what I ate but I do remember it all being very good and I had intended to come back.  Finally, I returned today, meeting some friends for brunch.  I had the Breakfast Enchiladas.  They were pretty good. I like spicy but not hot and the salsa worked for me.  However, the waitress didn't ask me how I wanted my eggs and I had kind of forgotten they came with eggs... I like mine over easy and these were not.  Also, I didn't really taste any chorizo.  But the flavors were otherwise good.My only complaint is the service.  The waitress was dressed as if she should have been out clubbing.  She wasn't very professional as she was only able to handle two plates at a time.  My food wasn't as hot as it should have been.  She also knocked down a drink on the table and even though she cleaned it up she didn't apologize or check to make sure the liquid hadn't gotten on us.
4	We are in town visiting old folks so love to get away and enjoy some Scottsdale/western schtick once in awhile. So it was fun to go to old downtown, wander around and eat and drink. We showed up early without a res and got a great table for four. The server was knowledgable and enthusiastic about the food and menu. He was right, everything was great and we feel we had, for us, a gourmet meal. They have fun, specialty drinks from the bar and the menu is eclectic. Glad to see a legend is living up to the reputation.
4	Have been here a couple times when visiting Phoenix.  Very fun vibe and atmosphere.  The Stetson chopped salad is their signature and is wonderful.  We've also had the Braised Pork Ribs - very large portion but delicious.  Located in a fun walkaround area of Old Scottsdale.
5	Cowboy is awesome!  The Stetson salad like everybody says is the best salad I've ever had.  The staff is great and bartenders know their stuff.  Every time I tell them what I order, I tell them price and they give me a drink, wine, or beer to match it.  I love sitting at the bar watching the chefs work and it really gives you an appreciation for their passion at work.  I don't think I've had a "meh?" Dish ever here so if u pick it, it will most likely be amazing.
5	I came here for a business dinner and there were like 20 of us.  I did some research prior to coming out and every one recommended the Stetson Chopped Salad.  Prior to arriving I couldn't decide if I wanted to order the salad or get a steak since it was on someone else's dime.  Well that decision was an easy one since we had a price fixed menu of sorts and the salad was on there!We had a few appetizers and they were pretty good.  I just kept waiting for that salad and was afraid after all of the wait I would  be disappointed.  That is far from the truth.  The salad came and they tell you to make sure you mix it well.  I followed instructions and ate.  I must admit it was pretty damn good.  I could make a whole meal from it.  The price fixed dinner had three choices, Filet mignon, Sword fish and their take on pork and beans.  I flip flopped forever and finally for the filet.  The meat was cooked to perfection and the sides were awesome.  I was very happy with my meal.  Listening to others at the table, they all like their filets and swordfish, but not one liked the pork and beans.  LOL as I told a few.  Eating a high priced fancy version of ham hocks and collard greens.I am looking forward to the next time I am here so that I can stop by again and I highly suggest this restaurant for anyone in the area.
4	As we all know the stetson salad is the signature dish. And oh boy did it live up to its expectations! The scallops were large and cooked perfectly but the base of risotto did not live up to the high standards of the remainder of this dish.To top the night off we had a complimentary bread putting for dessert which was to die for!
4	Solid food and service.  Our waitress was extremely knowledgeable and helped navigate us through the 'must haves' on the menu.  We 'grazed' a bit and ended up sharing apps for dinner - We started with the Stetson Salad (must have - they even gave us a print out of the recipe), 2 entrees of Scallops (delish), Shrimp and Kale dish (good but forgettable) and ended with the Mushroom Pan Fry (outrageous).  The place gets noisy - decor is ok and nothing to write about but who cares, it's all about the food, right?  The wine list is a bit voluminous and could use some organization.  BONUS - There is a Cowboy Ciao at the Phoenix Airport - in the US Air terminal and offers the same menu as the restaurant.
1	For a restaurant that touts to have the largest wine list in Phoenix and carries Fernet Branca to boot, I am alarmed to learn that they no longer stock Drambuie. The consequence? No ordering a Rusty Nail to go with those awesome mushrooms. Much less any other drink that requires this apparently elusive liqueur.Also off the list:Bonny PrinceCumulusKiltlifterLoch LomondWarm Wooly SheepBon appetit and but no bottoms up.
4	frenzy for foodies.  fiend of mine took me there and talked up the Stetson Chopped Salad so much, I thought there was no way our would actually be that good.  It was.  Better yet, it's one of those rare delicious meals that is also very healthy.
5	So I've been visiting for a couple days and. Was excited to try all that Scottsdale has to offer. But wow, I love the "cowboy ciao" chopped salad. As you see, it's already been written many times! Dried crunchy sweet corn , Israeli cous cous, arugula, smoked salmon, pepitas, pumpkin seeds, dried currants, bruschetta and tossed in a pesto Caesar like dressing!! Wha wha?? Hashtag genius!The service was really good and our waiter is very very nice.
3	We were seated in the back against a plain white stone wall and in the corner. Even with a reservation. It was too loud to even try to have a conversation. The Stetson salad is good. The beet salad was ok but not enough beets to make it a beet salad. Shrimp small plate was good but served in a cold bowl. I think this place is good but very stuck on themselves. 1800 bottles of wine is impressive but at these prices they are not reachable. You are probably best off to give your server a color and price point and wish them luck. We had the flights and would have been better off with a server recommendation. The noise and somewhat stale menus will allow us to try a new place next visit. I think it is worth a first try but don't over think it. Wear what you got on and hope for a good table.
4	The steak and lamb were excellent and reasonably priced at less than $40.00.  The dirty martinis were good but had to take a star off for a 1.00 charge for stuffed olives ( any steakhouse worth going to has blue cheese stuffed olives for FREE) and a 1.00 charge for more vodka in a martini.  Change the price of the martini to $9 instead of $7.  1.00 charges on a bill remind me of a fast food joint.  Excellent place with fantastic food.  Definitely recommend.
5	How is it that I've never been here before? This place has been around for quite a while but it wasn't until our annual office Thanksgiving lunch this year that I finally checked it out. Well, the good thing, is, I loved it and I'm definitely going back to try some other menu items. It wasn't very crowded at lunch so we had the chance to look around and the place is really well done. I love the funky decorations and would even be comfortable coming back and eating at the round bar by myself. After looking at other Yelp reviews I had to try the Exotic Mushroom Pan Fry. Growing up eating morels as a regular dish at my grandparents' house in Michigan I still have trouble thinking of them as an "exotic" mushroom, but considering the price they sell for in the stores, I guess they are. The other types of mushrooms included portobello, shiitake, cremini, button, and others. You could definitely taste all the different types and they went extremely well with the polenta cakes. Others in my party tried the pastrami, ham & cheese miraviglioso, chicken and waffle sandwich, and the west coast wrap. While I didn't try any samples, everyone was raving about their food.I'm definitely going back to try the Burger 2.0 which is described as ground buffalo stuffed with duck confit and the Berkshire Pork Belly from the appetizers menu.Cowboy Ciao definitely gets my vote as a great place to go.
5	Seriously amazing food! Awesome staff! Very friendly. Made excellent recommendations!
5	We had the Mezcal drink! Great. On to the Duck confit stuffed Rellano. OMG. The best we've ever had!
5	I'm not really big on most if the menu but the salmon chop salad is amazing. I need that recipe!! Who can I bribe...?
4	Tried the Stetson Chopped Salad (Good) an interesting and tasty mix of items. I Also tried the Truffled Mac n Cheese, Wow - this was fantastic (Best Mac n Cheese I've ever had!) and the Corn Nut Scallops (Good) cooked perfectly - had to get use to the Corn Nut crunch. Overall a good meal!
4	So this has been one of the best meals I've ever had, yet I have some constructive criticism. PROS:1. The food is to DIE FOR. The Stenson salad is delicious and the perfect appetizer to split. The truffle mac and cheese is so gooey, i wish there was more of it to share. I had the special, which was a 20 oz. ribeye steak. IT WAS HUGE. Also came with asparagus and this great mashed potatoes. It was seasoned perfectly, it wasnt till halfway through they give you some delicious sauce to pour all on it. Yet, you really dont need it! 2. The servers are very friendly and well seasoned employees, they DEFINITELY know what youre talking about. 3. They do wine flights? Need I say more? Plus, they have one of the most eccentric wine lists, it would take you at least an hour just to read each one. Some offered only by the bottle. 4. They gave me a free shot for my birthday, delicious. ------------------------CONS: 1. The layout of the place, its kind of cramped, especially when you are trying to maneuver around people trying to get to the bathroom.2. The food service, while amazing, was slow. For 2 appetizers and 3 entrees being ordered at the same time, the entire service took 3 hours. It was fine for our party, but not suggested if you are in a rush. 3. A litttttle on the pricey side, while the food was amazing, you cant get an entree and an appetizer for under 50 dollars per person here. Just to warn you, then again, it IS scottsdale. TIP:Make a reservation. On a tuesday night, there wasnt one empty table in sight. people were sitting at the bar just to get some time of meal service. One of my new favorite american places!
5	Chopped salad rocks, mushroom dish rocks. This place is the bomb.
4	I love that they have a "different" menu. Lots of unique choices - all good! My usual go to is the chopped salad with the lox and couscous. It is definitely my favorite, but everything here is good! Try something you normally wouldn't eat here and you won't be sorry!
5	We went here last night for my birthday since a different restaurant couldn't add 1 more chair to a table. I called for a table for 6 and they were able to get us in right away at 7 pm. I thought that was so awesome! Not being from the area, the hostess was very friendly and gave me walking directions from where we were. Our waiter was very patient and informative as the drink menu was different then most. We had the chopped salad, swordfish and filet. All were outstanding! We will definitely be back!
3	If I came to Cowboy Ciao for only the Stetson Salad, I would give them 5-Stars. That salad is extremely delicious, all of the ingredients melt into your mouth and create a delicious flavor. I also enjoyed the atmosphere of this restaurant, great date place in Old Town.On the other hand, my mother and I also ordered a Mini mushroom dish with a short ribs entree.  The mini mushroom had a great sauce but the polenta was too heavy for the dish. Highly anticipating the short ribs smoked pastrami style was not what we expected at all.  Meat was dry and over-seasoned.  Needed to ask our waitress for additional sauce - mashed potatoes and brusselsprouts were the best part of the meal.Service was better than average, our waitress knew the menu like the back of her hand.  Very seasoned just wish our dishes were better.
5	What a fantastic find this place turned out to be.  An enterprising coworker of mine got this recommendation from the bartender at the hotel bar.  And let me say to Darren - great job, sir!The ambiance and decor of the restaurant were perfect - a nice spot with a good energy.  Service was also very good.  Our waitress was very helpful in finding us a nice tempranillo that the whole table liked, and it was still a great price for a bottle of wine.  She also helped with a number of suggestions for our food.  Although it seemed like she suggested half of the menu, after eating everything, I suspect that she wasn't far off in liking as many items as she did.  Bonus points for the pacing of our meal, which was great.  They did a good job giving some time between courses - I always appreciate a restaurant that will give you a little extra time to enjoy, as opposed to trying to turn tables as quickly as possible.On the food front - everything from start to finish was perfectly prepared, presented thoughtfully, and most importantly incredibly delicious!  I started with the Stetson Chopped salad, per out waitress' suggestion.  I'm not generally a huge salad person, but this was a super tasty salad.  All the components brought something to the table, and all were stars in their own right.  This is the kind of salad that would get me to eat more salad.  My entree was another of their small plates, the Berkshire Belly & Waffles.  The pork belly was cooked to perfection, and perfectly salty to complement the rest of the dish.  The waffles were made with Asian 5-spice, and went great with the pork belly.  Each piece was topped with a tamarind and chile compote, which was a nice sweet component on the plate, especially to cut through the salt from the pork.  It was a very unique plate of food that left me wanting more.For dessert, the lemon doughnuts were a perfect dessert for me - since I love some lemon dessert.  The doughnuts were nice and light, and the lemon curd and vanilla sauces were spot on for me.  The perfect amount of sweet to close the meal.Overall - I would love to bring Cowboy Ciao back to Chicago with me, as it was a great dinner start to finish.  Since that isn't going to happen, it will have to be settle for being a must go to again next time I find myself in the area for business.
2	Bad service for large parties.....great food. Went there last night for wife's b day with 6 of our friends.  Ordered drinks and bread app and cheese app. 30 min later drinks came and u was told no bread that they were out. The server the said do you want 2 cheese plates I said no...I continued to explore the menu I noticed brushetta  on the menu I was disappointed she didn't offer this option. The food took forever 45 mins to come out but was worth the wait. There were a couple more misses but all related to service.  I felt like because tip was already included we were ignored.  The kicker is the server offered to comp us a b day cake.  When the bill came we were charged. It took us 2 hours to order and eat.
3	This review is easy to break into separate parts.The food gets 5 stars.  Delicious.  I had the filet.  Prepared exactly how I wanted, very tender, very tasty.  The potatoes with it were wonderful.  Couldn't have asked for anything more.  The service was 1 star.  We had a party of 10.  Waitress didn't stop by to get drinks for a good 15 minutes.  The drinks took forever when we finally did order them.  Then, she had the audacity to tell us that they had another reservation and we would need to "speed things along".  When the food came, the filet did not come with a steak knife.  I had to get by with a butter knife until the server finally came back around again.  The consensus at the table was the serve was unfriendly, snotty and rude.  The beer list was disappointing.  Outside of 2 beers on draft, everything is in a bottle.  That's fine.  But $8 a for a bottle is not fine.  Obviously, I expect to pay more for a craft beer at a bar/restaurant than at the convenience store but I do not expect to pay the same price for 1 bottle as I would a 6 pack at the store.  Gouging.  The food prices were not offensive but the beer prices were.  The atmosphere is lacking.  It is cramped.  You have to walk single file through the restaurant, one direction a a time.  Not enough room to walk side by side or have someone come at you form the opposite direction.  It is VERY LOUD in there too.  A lot of background noise.  Could hardly hear the people at my own table unless they were next to me. If not for the food itself (which is really why anyone goes anywhere) this easily would have been a 1 star review.  Its really too bad the other aspects of this place couldn't match the food.
3	I mostly enjoyed my meal at Cowboy Ciao. It started a bit rough. I made a Sunday evening reservation, to celebrate an anniversary. We were promptly seated, given a lunch and dinner menu. This led to confusion initially, then mild frustration when it took our server over 10 minutes to come see us. My date and I  decided on a Bottle of martinelli's cider, and a glass of champagne for her. I requested the champagne be poured in a red wine glass, because she'd be adding the cider to it. A bit of an unusual request, but far from difficult I thought. I also mentioned very clearly to the server that I was not drinking. AND I said, word for word while making eye contact, 'I don't drink'. He returned 10 minutes later with 2 empty red wine glasses. 5 minutes later he brought a flute with champagne, and a bottle of alcoholic cider. I poured some without looking closely, then caught the smell of alcohol. I flagged him down with some difficulty, and explained that he brought something other than what we ordered, and mentioned again that I don't drink, while pointing at the label showing '9% alcohol by volume'. He was completely confused. He said something like 'oh, I forgot to mention this alternative suggestion.' I then asked him to please bring the Martinelli's we ordered, and a second dinner menu (I had mentioned that problem earlier as well). He returned fairly promptly with the right bottle. The rest of the meal service was mostly uneventful, the server was semi awkward but attentive. He kept saying 'I just want to check with you that the (salad/appetizer/entree) is ok' . I had the lamb - very GOOD but not great, she had the pork chop -  GREAT. I don't see myself retuning, there are better options nearby. And please Cowboy Ciao, remind your staff that serving someone alcohol when they say they don't drink is uncomfortable. I think this was just a factor of him not listening, which is unpleasant.
2	Service was horrible! We waited over an hour for our food and our server Alexandra never assured us it was coming anytime soon. THEN she forgot my friends salad and entree altogether which she never even apologized for or reflected it on the bill. This place doesn't split checks which they don't tell you until you notice only one check is placed in front of you so after an already long dinner we had to have everyone add up what they owed and write it on the bill. The food was ok but by the time it came we had mostly lost our appetites. Def never going here again and wouldn't recommend it to friends
5	Amazing food and unique flavor combinations. You must try the Stetson Chopped salad. You'll wish you had a magic refillable plate. It's that good. Also loved the Berkshire Belly & Waffles and the Duck confit Relleno.
5	I had the pork shank that was slow cooked and braised. With the small pan fried mushrooms and the famous stats on chopped salad. Yummy is the word used. Enough said! U just have to go to get the full experience.
5	Terrific experience on 2/13/14 at the bar, entertained and taken care of by Sean (Shawn) whose detailed information helped us finally decide on a fabulous dessert.  The atmosphere is charming and fun.  We didn't make it for dinner, but what we saw coming out of the "Home on the Range" kitchen looked fabulous!
5	You'll see pretty much everyone in this section raving about the Stetson Chopped Salad, and granted it is an amazing combination of flavors and textures. But Cowboy Ciao is much more. The ambience is a perfect reflection of the Valley of the Sun - western vibe, upscale but not stuffy. Service is friendly but not overbearing, our waitress was knowledgeable about all things edible and quaffable. Some inventive house made cocktails (Pastrami and Rye w pastrami bitters and maple syrup?), and a ridiculous wine list. Flavors of the Southwest are reflected in most items on the menu, with some global flair tossed in. The Buffalo Carpaccio melted in my mouth, and the chili cumin rub hung out afterwards alongside the smoky aioli. My cast-iron skillet seared lamb was great on its own, but the manchego leek risotto took it over the top. My wife's chicken fried trout was so good, I ate the leftovers cold for breakfast. How does a dish go well with both Cabernet and coffee?Four days later, back home in snowy cold Boston, we wish we were back in sunny Scottsdale. Thankfully, we have memories of Cowboy Ciao to cling to.
2	My first visit was last night with a friend, and we experienced terrible service. I'm not a big complainer or full of difficult requests as I worked in the industry for 5 years, but this was bad.  After we were sat and given menus, we were basically deserted. We had already picked what we wanted to order for dinner yet hadn't even been brought waters yet. We had to walk to the bar to ask if anyone was going to come serve us at the table.Finally were able to order and the food was pretty good. Our server checked on us right after we got our food and then never again. We had to walk to the bar again to ask for boxes and our bill. Both of our water glasses had been empty half the meal. I'm not sure what was going on, but I'm hesitant to go back after this experience. We tipped 15% which was not even remotely close to being deserved, but as I mentioned I've worked in the industry and don't believe in stiffing people. Normally I would never tip below 20%+. If I'd had more time I would have asked to speak to a manager.
3	Went here recently when I was visiting my parents in AZ. This place is for wine lovers and foodies. If you're not one of those, I feel like you'll be a bit intimidated by both menus. If you are one of those, you'll probably love this place. Their wine list has 1,000s of bottles on it. My parents and I know what we like, but when the wine recommendations didn't really ring a bell (brands we've never encountered), it became a daunting task to select a bottle. Their beer list was solid though, so maybe we should have just stuck with that, or one of their famous (?) mixed cocktails. Most of our food was delicious. My entree (lamb) was super chewy and almost raw (I know I ordered it medium rare, that was probably my fault). Had it re-fired and it was a bit better (lesson learned). I loved the sides that came with it (which is why I didn't switch dishes), but you shouldn't love a dish because the risotto was so good. :-)All being said, our server was super nice, very accommodating. She saved the meal for me. Given all the great food options that are popping up in downtown Scottsdale, you have to choose carefully. Look at the menu before you go and see if this place is right for you. Will most likely return, just with different expectations.
5	My wife and I had late supper last night at CC and it was a fantastic experience!  I always expect great food and wine, which they delivered on again-- Tiger Prawns, Duck Confit, Chile Relleno and of course, the famous Chopped Salad.  But what really blew us away was extraordinary service from waiter Bryan Mummaw.  I am in the business of helping companies of all sizes and types improve their customer experience.  Bryan was among the best waiters ever.  Personable, attentive, interesting to talk to, very knowledgeable about the wine and food, a subtle salesman but not pushy, and there when we needed and wanted him, not overbearing in the least.  The mark of a great waiter/waitress is staying as much of the dining time as possible in visual connection with his/her tables so he/she can sense their needs from a distance.  Bryan is not just good at this, but a true master.  Thanks Bryan for making CC a special experience for us last night, even though we've been there at least 10 times before.
4	Okay....told by many to come here. We had an excellent experience from start to finish. Service was great, wine list on steroids, most of the food was excellent. Hence the reason for 4 not 5 stars...dessert and one of the main recommendations were just not great. What was great was the Stetson Salad....you must get this. You cannot say you have experienced this restaueant without trying this salad. I shared with hubby, but I could have eaten the whole thing easily. Buffalo carpaccio...another must. Hubby ordered the short ribs and I ordered the small pan fry mushroom. The short ribs were amazing but the mushroom pan fry (which people go nuts for) was not for me. The dessert we ordered was the bread pudding...again just so-so. Bottom line, I would go back there in a heart beat to order other things (but I would get the stetson salad no matter what).
5	Chopped salad is legit!  Mushroom dish and pork chop were phenomenal! Max is an amazing server, you can tell he has such a good heart. You will know what I mean when you meet him ;)
5	Wow.  You know you're in trouble when you try a place for lunch, eat the leftovers for dinner and return the next day for dinner.  This is that kind of place.If you're a bread fiend like I am, you'll find yourself considering ordering two of the Asiago loaves - one to eat now and one to freeze, a pretty good system.  Mac and cheese is just so good, the ham and cheese sandwich is good, the open face steak sandwich is ridiculous, and the pastrami style short rib - in platter or reuben is absolutely one of the best dishes I've ever had.  The short rib has never been fatty, the portion is generous and the flavor is outstanding.  I've also had the filet entree which I thought was great, husband tried the burger and loved it with the confit.  Wine selection is outstanding.We had one waitress that was a dud but service has been pretty good otherwise.  They get so busy for lunch and dinner it can be slow but that's ok, I can wait.
5	Amazing. Possibly one of my wife and my new favorites!   We live in Denver, but have family in Phoenix. Guess where we will visit, as a regular stop?First, let me state that the service was super. Friendly staff without being overbearing. We started w a beet salad and my wife ordered the Stetson chopped. Honestly, my beet salad was mediocre, but unfortunately for my wife, I spent my time fighting her for more of her salad. If it is possible to have a favorite "salad?"...this is it. Fresh, yummy, bits of salmon.  Pesto buttermilk dressing was light and terrific. For our entrees, we ordered the mushroom mix and a scallop/shrimp special. Both were delightful. The mushroom mix must have had over 4 cups of mushrooms over cornbread polenta. Seriously, that's a lotta mushroom!  Great fusion of flavors. We were full, but managed to share a piece of chocolate cake w marscapone icing. A definite stop in Old Towne Scottsdale!  Get reservations well in advance, it's a bummer to miss out, otherwise.
5	Visiting from out of town and investigating Oldtown.  Almost missed this great place because my wife thought it was closed.  Dark windows make it hard to see inside. It was open and I'm glad I don't listen to her. :-) Great place, terrific drinks, incentive menu, and attentive service.  I can't say a bad thing except from the outside it doesn't appear open.
5	One of the best meals I've had...high west rye and delicious food.  Every dish was awesome.
3	Not bad, but didn't blow me away. This is a classic, old-school restaurant which fits right in with Old Town Scottsdale. It's a little pricey for what you get.
5	Discovered  Cowboy Ciao while walking around Old Town Scottsdale.  We had already eaten dinner but stopped in to check the place out.  Spent some time talking with "Rob" about the menu, wines, etc.  Very knowledgeable and friendly.  We shared a bread pudding (awesome!) then at Rob's suggestion we ended up going to the "Speak Easy" Behind the restaurant for an evening of wonderful jazz.  Go on Sunday night to hear Margo and Judy.  If you like Billie Holiday genre, you'll love Margo and Judy.  We made reservation for dinner the next night and had a wonderful dinner with family.  The food was awesome, and the Stetson Chopped Salad is beyond description.  I had the bone-in pork chop which was terrific.  My wife had the salmon, my son-in-law had the pork shank and my daughter had the filet.  All three raved about their dinners.  The bread pudding was so good the night before we did a repeat and they threw in a pece of chocolate cake for my birthday.  Needless to say, Cowboy Ciao is on our list to go to next time we're in Scottsdale.
5	Amazing meal to start a night out in Oldtown. Broused the great beer and wine selection over bruschetta with a twist: some had marinated mushroom topping which I rather enjoyed. Dinner was served quickly considering the size of the crowd. I had the Sugar Smoke Shank which was very good, though a little spicier than I expected. The star of the show, however, was my wifes Pastrami Style Short Rib. Just order this. It's exactly what it sounds like, which is amazing. Seriously, don't leave here without some of this in your belly. Overall a great place for dinner if you're into that sort of thing.
4	Good.
5	I lived in the Phoenix area for 16 years but left three years ago.  One of my favourite restaurants was Cowboy Ciao and my favourite dish there was the Short Ribs.  However, I noticed that they have changed the recipe for the Short Ribs and it now some pastrami concoction.  I do hope it is good as the last incarnation of Short Ribs they had as it was, hands down, the very best ribs I have ever had.  And that's saying a lot because they ribs are beef ribs and it is not as easy to make beef ribs as tasty as pork ribs, such as Baby Back Ribs.
2	Great meal, but just not worth it.Too expensive, too loud, and very outdated.There are just too many great restaurants around to make this place worthwhile.  The interior is well past needing a major renovation. Drab and even a little dirty feeling.
2	Felt like I was walking into a cave. Fortunately I got out with out with only the tiger shrimp appetizer. Could have cooked it better from my frozen food section at home. Waitress was nice, should have saved her boobs for a dudes only table.
4	On a Friday night around 6 p.m. I entered a dark space after searching for the door. Due to the excessive noise, I considered leaving, but what changed my mind was the gracious hostesses. Graciousness is rare, so I thought why not? Plus I wanted to try the famous Stetson Chopped Salad.It took time for my server to reach me, but it was very busy. The noise was difficult to bear while I looked at the menu, other diners' dishes and the unusual cowboy-themed art I could see in the dim lighting. When she arrived, Alexandra was also gracious in addition to offering helpful menu advice and being nice. The menu is quite eclectic so advice is welcome. There are not too many vegetarian options, and I wanted a salad entree, so chose the Stetson Chopped Salad. The salad is quite beautiful, and avocado (only) could be substituted for the salmon. Lines of the freshest, beautiful arugula, avocado or salmon, Israeli couscous, trail mix, dried corn and diced tomatoes are presented on a plate. Pesto buttermilk dressing is added by your server and the salad tossed. Quite an unusual mix of ingredients creates a delicious salad. Tip: Ask for the recipe afterwards, if you like it, and they will give you a copy.Next I considered the unusual house made desserts. Alexandra suggested her favorites. I chose the flight of 3 ice creams. From a list of about 12, I chose almond meringue, double chocolate chip and orange blossom. The first two were excellent; the orange a little too subtle. Presentation is of a deconstructed sundae, with candied pecans, cocoa cookie crumbs, puffed kamut treats and the ice creams surrounding a yummy muscavado pizzelle. It was very good, but would suggest perhaps a different presentation. Maybe choose a more popular dessert. Should you go? Yes, for the salad. Perhaps choose a lunchtime or when it's less busy, due to the noise. Perhaps it always is busy. The quiet, elegant service makes up for the noise.
5	You just can't go wrong. I recommend it to any and all friends that ever go to Scottsdale (we lived here before) and most definitely make it for dinner every time we visit! I literally dream about the Stetson salad!!!!
3	I've come to realize my reviews are getting too long and since I don't bother reading long reviews, I'll try and keep it shorter, but with enough details.This place used to be all the rage back in the day and I always kind of thought it was overrated. Having gone again recently for a co-worker's birthday, I'd say it was a little better than I remember, but nothing crazy.Server said the best thing on their lunch menu was the Reuben Wishes He Was This Cool. He said it was hands down the best. It wasn't though unfortunately. He even convinced the people in the group who don't even like Reubens to try it and all 4 of us were disappointed. The bread seemed stale and the meat was nothing crazy, just average at best.A couple co-workers got the Corn Nuts About Scallops which was pretty awesome. I wish I had gotten that.Bread Pudding was good. Definitely get it for dessert.The Truffled Mac N Cheese was also great, but I'm a sucker for truffle anything.Came here for brunch a while back and was unimpressed.The place isn't terrible by any means, but it also isn't anything great. 3 stars seems fitting to me.
3	Good food, the chop salad is good. Not mind blowing, not life changing as the servers will suggest but good. Impressive that this restaurant has been in buissness nearly 20 years in an industry that doesn't lend itself to longevity,  that being said menu items are not trendy or inventive but honest and simple which is not a bad thing.  But nothing great either.  As we were seated next to the window we were able to witness a comrad of our servers pressing his naked nipple to the glass, which was  frankly hilarious.
5	Wow. Just went to Cowboy Ciao for the first time. So many great choices on the menu. Hard to pick. We got a few and they were all amazing. Can't wait to go back and work our way through the entire menu. Super. And the staff was great. Quick to help and very friend. It was a busy night and the staff was always there to help.
5	I totally love Cowboy Ciao. My first experience was shopping for rehearsal dinner places. We took the grandparents here for lunch and were impressed with the ambiance and food. We chuckled while reading  the fun sayings on the menu. We worked with Nancy to arrange our rehearsal dinner and were very impressed at the service and quality. We had about 35 people and rented out the cowboy room, in the back. All of our guests were pleased with the meal and service. I absolutely love the stetson chopped salad. I can not say enough great things about the salad!
4	Food was fantastic, as was the service.  However, after dinner the 10 of us (3 couples and 6 singles who ordered a wide variety of food and drink) had to figure out our share of the food, taxes, and added gratuity.  Amazing that with computers that separate checks could not be given.  We won't be going back with a large group.
5	We went back again this year.  I had the best vodka martini at the suggestion of our server.  Blue cheese stuffed olives...amazing.Oh...the food is still incredible.
1	Excited to experience a showdown between Elote chef Jeff Smedstad (who we have long loved and think is the best Mexican chef in the US) and the Chef at Cowboy Ciao, we arrived with high expectations for a special meal.  The premise was each chef was to prepare 2 dishes, with wine pairings, and the crowd was to vote and pick the best dish and pairings.  What a great premise-- right?  Unfortunately, the meal was disappointing.  The first shrimp course was cold, overcooked, chewy and flavorless.  The other courses that followed were cold, under seasoned and just plain bad in our view.  Smedstad should be ashamed and embarrassed.  His culinary work is so strong at Elote.  He is a true genius.  Not sure what happened here, but this food was not up to the standards of a chef of his caliber.  The wine pairings were fun;  however, several of the wines were whites and rose, which is not necessarily a bad thing, but these wines were served about 20 degrees too warm, which made even some very nice wines unpleasant.  The restaurant seemed ill equipped to handle a crowd of this size-- it took way too long to serve each course, which likely explains why the food was cold and the wine was warm.  In any event, we will not be back to Cowboy Ciao.
5	Passing through on my way back to California, I stopped in at Cowboy Ciao at the Sky Harbor Airport and had the most amazing salad that you would only expect out of a cutting edge restaurant. My server (TJ ) not only knows his business but also visibly loves what he does. This place is anything but a typical airport food restaurant. It's a must go to should your travel plans call for you to pass through the Sky Harbor Airport in Phoenix.
4	4.5 stars. It's pricey and has some room for improvement, but this is quite easily my  favorite place for date night to get a consistently high quality dining experience. Great place to take out of town visitors as well.  Southwestern vibe and flavorings mixed in with ultra hip grub.  Wine flights are always a good choice. They know their wine pairings and have an enormous wine selection. Been there for dinner countless times and Sunday brunch two times including today.  I've tried to replicate the Stetson salad and get pretty close, but they have the perfect balance of ingredients that I still get it pretty much every time I'm there for dinner. I wish it were a little cheaper. If so, I'd go there more often. I like that the complex has self-parking (it's hard to find, but there is a huge underground garage; so if you don't want to valet you don't have to). A lot of places like this around town have gone to all valet which seriously upsets me and automatically drops my rating by 1 star. Over the last 15 years the price has gone up and the portions smaller, but that's the way of the world and they don't really need my business. The place does very well.  Make a reservation!
2	We came for Morhers Day brunch yesterday and while the food was good, everyone seemed to enjoy their food, but we had a couple little problems. First, our waitress was completely overworked and most things had to be asked for many times. Not her fault, I think they just didn't plan well in staffing. The second kind if irks me a little. When I sat down, I was last to arrive since I brought one of my little people with me, the waitress said, "We have complimentary mimosas today for all the moms. Can I get you one?"  Well of course!  When I was only half way through she asked if I would like another. Of course I would!  Same with the third and whole they weren't great mimosas, I figure you get what you pay for. Free mimosa = just ok mimosa. Anyway, we get our bill and the first mimosa was free. Each subsequent mimosa wa $8!  I have no problem paying for my mimosas but these were average at best. I left feeling bamboozled.
3	Stopped by this place after seeing it on a walk, made a night out of it for a birthday. We arrived before they got busy, so our lack of reservation wasn't an issue and we were seated immediately. Seriously impressive wine menu; their website's claim to "wine bible" was justified. The bruschetta was nothing to write home about, their mushroom pan fry was tasty, but had a bit too much filler. The meat on the "Smoke, Sugar, Shank" was cooked perfectly, but the beans were cold and tasteless and the whateverelse it came with wasn't memorable. The highlight of the night was definitely the desserts. The birthday cake of the night was a dark chocolate raspberry affair, and the taste was divine, even if the seeds added to an unusual texture. We sampled the ice cream trio with Orange Blossom, Chocolate Chunk, and Pickled Watermelon, and were extremely pleased. Three scoops of ice cream on a plate didn't seem enough to justify a $10 price tag, but with places like this it's to be expected. The desert wine was lovely after they filtered the cork out of my first glass. All in all a good meal, punctuated by occasional disappointment.
5	My husband and I went to Cowboy Ciao last night and it was amazing!  Every time we go it is such a great experience.The menu had so many options, but I went with the Smoke, Sugar, Shank.  It was so tasty and juicy.  So good!The service was top notch as well.
4	I was invited to have lunch for my birthday by a friend.  I checked the menu on line and felt it was rather limited according to my tastes and expected little pleasure from our lunch.  Boy, was I wrong!  The environment was simple, pleasant and open.  Service was slow, with a long wait for our food.  I ordered the chicken fried trout ($15) which was tasty, well prepared, with a side of slaw and nothing else.  I asked for some bread and was told they could give me crostini, five little pieces, the consistency and size of melba toast.  I also had half of my wife's order of open faced steak sandwich ($16) with blue cheese potato chips.  Nice slices of beef fillet, very tasty, as were the chips, an enjoyable combination.  The iced tea was very average.  Certainly more than a three star meal but short of five.  My friend ordered the house chopped salad with the addition of avocado and loved it.  Although the food was good I felt it was a bit overpriced, with limited choices so I probably won't return.  A slice of Birthday cake without the candle depicted in their photos and white with strawberry icing instead of what I expected from the photos of chocolate cake with white icing.  The three of us didn't finish the one piece, it was just OK, a bit heavy and on the dry side (no pastry chef involved here).
2	My husband and I ate here with his parents Saturday.  We arrived at 5:45 for a 6:00 dinner reservation.  The restaurant was half empty when we placed our order.  It took 55 minutes and two requests to our waitress to get our first course.  It took another 30 for our main.  I complained to the waitress and the general manager.  Both were unapologetic stating there was nothing they could do as it was the first night of restaurant week.  Restaurant week means a trimmed down menu and I assume is meant to attract new customers.  There are too many other great restaurants in the area to give Cowboy Ciao a second chance with such an unapologetic attitude.
4	I came here with a friend for Restaurant week last Saturday night. The restaurant week deal is amazing, the meal I had would have been extremely expensive had it not been RW and I got to try a variety of menu items. I had to try the Stetson Chop Salad, as it is the signature dish... it was pretty delish. I liked all of the different flavors and textures, it was sweet, herbacious, salty, crunchy, chewy....pretty much a little bit of everything. I then had the scallops... very tasty, crunchy scallops served over a bacon risotto... I would definitely get this again. For an entree I had the lamb lollipops... these were good, but a little overcooked (they were supposed to be medium rare and were more like medium well...). I wouldn't get this again. My friend had the pastrami short rib, which was tasty, but a little odd. I probably wouldn't order that either. The desserts were nothing special.... we had the hawaiian bread pudding, which was dry, and the peanut butter bar, which was good but lacked any creativity. I would go back for the scallops and that delicious chopped salad!
4	Been wanting to try here for awhile and finally had a chance during Arizona Restaurant Week. My wife and I were both satisfied with our meals. The Stetson salad is as good as advertised!  Due to the couscous base, we had leftover that we were able to eat the next day. My wife had the short ribs which were very tender. I had the lamb lollipops which were okay but I'd probably get something else if I went back. The restaurant is pretty expensive so thats a definite drawback for a return visit. Service was very good!
3	Went here for restaurant week.  Our server was very good and attentive.  The food was so-so.  I have had better short ribs at other restaurant but give them a B for the smoked pastrami flavor.  The sword fish was the thinnest sword fish I have ever seen.  We were mildly disappointed.
4	I had the Stetson salad, it has smoked salmon on it - they're supposed to explain how it's different than a regular salad because on the menu it says something to the effect of, this is everyone's favorite. Not a very helpful description. No one explained it to me, but I had heard from a friend how good it was so I knew I was going to order it anyway. I'm pregnant so I am careful about what I eat and I knew it had salmon on it but I kind of figured it was cooked. When it came out, it looks nothing like a salad, there's no lettuce, which was fine, everything was very nicely distributed in rows with a small side of the dressing. The guy told me he'd be back to mix it all up for me but he never came back. I waited a few minutes and decided to mix it myself. When I saw it was smoked salmon, I was a little worried because I don't think you're supposed to eat that while pregnant. I did a little Googling and made the decision to eat it. And it was really really good. I would love to have it again, but I'll wait until after I have the baby. I can't give this place 5 stars because the service was a little chaotic it seemed. We had a larger party but didn't really receive much attention, and when we did, it would take a long time for them to come back. And it wasn't even busy. Our waiter didn't explain the menu as much as I feel they could have. And for the person that said ample parking, where did you park? Lol. I had to valet my car in order to be able to get a spot. I drove in and around the entire plaza twice and never found a spot. There are a ton of other restaurants and shops around so it is a very busy area, especially on the weekends.
2	We came to Cowboy Ciao during restaurant week and were expecting to have a great time. While the food was all pretty good, the service and the atmosphere was kind of a bust. The restaurant was FREEZING. Like 63 degrees....and we got sat directly under one of the vents. And the restroom was even colder. The food itself was pretty good- scallops with risotto app, pork with (not so great) acorn squash mash, and the filet, finished with the bread pudding (awesome). It took a good 15-20 minutes between each course and the waitress kept apologizing for the wait but we were starving! The filet was recommended medium, and my friend ordered it medium well. When it was brought to the table, it was definitely rare. She showed the waitress who agreed it was not medium well and took the steak back to get the temp brought up. That took another 10 minutes and by the time it was brought out, the rest of us had eaten about half of our meal and the other half of it became so cold because the vent was blowing cold air directly on it. I guess it's our fault for not speaking up to have our food taken back to have it heated up again (which is kind of gross in the first place) but the entire staff looked like they were ready to get the hell out of there closing up shop and then sitting at the bar for a drink when they were done. We would have gotten out of their hair sooner had the time between courses been a little quicker. We had all finished eating and for about 15 minutes our dirty dishes sat in front of us while the staff continued to clean and close. Once we ordered dessert, it took exactly (yes we even joked a little and timed it because of the 2 previous courses) 21 minutes to get.....21 minutes!? When she dropped it off she apologized again and told us "I'm so sorry the kitchen staff all left so there was nobody to make it, I guess they didn't realize we still had a table." Sooooo that was the finale to what could have been a great meal. Luckily this was restaurant week so it was a deal with 3 courses @ $40 a person (normal entrees there are 30-40 individually) The majority of our bill was on wine that we kept ordering between courses because it was taking so long. Every restaurant week we choose 1 place to go to and we were really looking forward to this...unfortunately, it left a pretty bitter taste in all our mouths and I don't  think we will be going back :/
3	The atmosphere of the restaurant was great.  I have to agree with some of the other posts that it seemed that we were an inconvenience to the waiter and took a long time between ordering and getting our food.  We were there a total of 3 hours,  and most of that was waiting.  The food was Ok. I had the spare rib.  It was a little dry and the portion was a bit small for the price. The best part of the meal was the bread pudding dessert, it was fantastic.  Overall,  it was not a bad place,  but not sure I would return with choices that taste better for less money.
5	On a recent trip to Phoenix I decided to go to Cowboy Ciao. The food was excellent and the restaurant had a great wine selection. I would highly recommend the signature salad!
5	You haven't lived until you've had the Stetson Chop! It's my favorite salad in the entire world, hands down. The servers are always friendly and they have quite an extensive wine collection; they have a winder (that's a wine binder) because they have so many options.
2	Round 2 - Restaurant Week again!This time around I was quite disappointed.  My group ordered pretty much everything on the Restaurant Week menu.  I went with the Seared Ahi Tuna, Short Ribs, and Peanut Butter Bar.  Overall, everything was well cooked, however over....over salty!  The texture was just fine, but in the end too much salt.  I usually drink a lot of water when I eat, but tonight they should have left the pitcher.  My group in general drank a lot of water!  I would talk more about the food, in the end all I can remember was --- dang that was salty!  Sorry gang I don't know if I can go another round for this place. Ding, ding, ding -- Enjoy!
5	Needing a quick meal before the theatre, we drove into Old Scottsdale's winding streets and this one caught our eye because of the curious name and the Yelp! reviews.  Without a reservation at 5:30, we were seated immediately and led to the vacant back of the dining room, which seemed curious, but it gradually filled and we learned was cooler without the sun coming through the windows up front.  We ordered glasses of pinot gris for a cocktail, and both were drawn to the delicious sounding salads.  My wife ordered one of her favorites, chopped salad, which arrived already chopped but our efficient, attentive and friendly waiter Sean mixed it up tableside.  It was a wonderful mixture of smoked salmon, tomatoes, argula, roasted corn, couscous, pumpkin seeds and dressing--delightful.  I was attracted to the Whistle Stop Fried Green Tomato salad, since the film location for the movie is not far from my birthplace and we've been there to eat!  It was also very good and the coating on the tomatoes was different and delicious.  My wife ordered the small plate of (Corn) Nuts about Scallops, three huge sea scallops, crusted with Corn Nuts and seared and served on a bed of heirloom tomato salad and ris-OtT-to (as in over the top risotto with grilled corn, bacon, toasted butternut squash, leeks and Mashengo.)  Some of the tenderest, largest and best-tasting scallops either of us has ever tasted.  I went for the Tiger prawns, five huge shrimp marinated in sweet cilantro and grilled, and served with Tuscan kale/sweet corn salad, creamy cotija dressing, crisp cipollini onions, avocado and pomegranate/clove gastrique.  The shirmp were wonderful,as was the taste of the salad, but I had never had kale raw before and it took a long time and a lot of mastication to make it able to be swallowed.  Perhaps it could be an even tastier dish if the kale were sauteed first.  A very pleasant night out although a little too pricey for regular visits.  2 wines, 2 salads, 2 appetizers = $100 with tip.
5	If you're in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, this is a definite must. Their wine list is over 100 pages long which makes it unreadable, but rest assured that any wine you're looking for, just ask and they'll have it.That said, the food is incredible and creative and the staff is super friendly and attentive.
4	I have never had anything here that wasn't delicious. I am especially partial to the mushroom pan fry and most recently I had the confit and cornbread which was fantastic. Their wine list is a bit chaotic as the wines are listed by price instead of type/region and usually they are out of the first wine I pick, but the staff is very helpful with their recommendations. I do notice the occasional bout of Scottsdale attitude with the staff, but it's never been enough to keep me from loving this restaurant.
5	Their short rib was tender and spice just right.  The mash potatoes had a sweetness, adding Brussels sprouts pain but simple work.  I also had the Mac and cheese flavor just dance in my mouth.
5	Wonderful lunch at Ciao! Wife and I both had Wild Boar Meatballs! Delicious! Service was excellent.
3	We have been a fan of this place for years.  The food is always fantastic.  However, our last visit left a bad taste in my mouth.  There were 6 of us there entertaining out of country guests for work.  We ordered sparkling water and at the suggestion of our waitress ordered a few for the table to share.  Upon arrival of the bill we realized that they charged $15 per bottle of sparkling water!  Not cool!  Had we not been entertaining for work I would have said something on the spot to our waitress but didn't want to make a fuss.  I think it worth noting here so others aren't left to be as shocked as we were.
4	Heard about this place since I moved to the area. The Stetson salad is how good as they say it is. I've been back few times more. Always end up with the same thing. It's delicious.
1	I'm really surprised this place has four stars. Unfortunately, our experience wasn't anywhere close to deserving even a three star rating. 1. We went for lunch, and it wasn't crowded at all, yet it took 30 plus minutes to get our orders 2. WAY over priced for both the quality and the portions of the food. 3. Ambiance is very mediocre and nothing special. Plus it was very dark in the restaurant- weird for lunch time in my opinion. There are so many great restaurants in the Scottsdale area. Don't make the same mistake we did by going to this one.
4	Delicious chopped salad. You Must order this salad!! It is the same as citizen public house but waaaaaay better. I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 only because I think the menu could be better. It has staple items to order which it does amazingly like the mushroom dish, the chopped salad, and a few others but overall options are limited. I prefer it for lunch personally because of the chopped salad.
3	Meh, interesting fusion of foods but the beef needs work. Cocktails are eclectic. Its ok, not for everyones taste.   Service was good. Of the options around the area, I wouldn't make it my first pick.
5	Excellent restaurant for a foodie! The dishes we tried were absolutely delicious! Their chopped salad is a must! The best salad I tried so far! Seriously! Fried trout-sultry, lots of flavor and another must! Mushroom dish- takes you to another level in the mushroom world! And don't get me started on their wine list! Pages and pages of great selection of wines starting with sparkling! Perfect choice for a pescatarian and wine lover. Will go back to try other dishes!
4	This was my first experience and it was quite delightful the wine list was the most extensive I have ever seen. Even though I personally am not a wine connoisseur the rest of my group assured me of this fact. I mean they even will sell you a the wine list as a souvenir! Anyways on to the food the most important part! I had the lamb tenderloin which was great the sauce brought out juicy lamb goodness. I tried the sugar shank pork and that was quite good and a large portion. The sides were just ok so that is why this isn't rated higher.Great spot for a night out in old town especially for the whom love wine. Get the lamb and don't look back.
5	One of my favorite places, if you go you have absolutely get the cobb salad.  Sometimes I go just for that reason alone.  i love this place, the staff is great the food is great and the atmosphere is great.  Can come here for so many reasons, a quiet dinner, a place to begin the night.  JUST GO!!
5	What to say about this gem of fine Scottsdale dining. We had a dinner party here and we did not know what to expect. Our server was eager to get this party going, but we were not in any rush.. in fact, we took in Europeanly slow. The drinks was very pretentious, and very good. I usually prefer less pretentiousness but when in Rome.. We had a talk to the sommelier regarding the wine choice for all even if we all ordered different dishes. After short debate we made our choice, and it was great. We wanted an Arizona wine, but they were out so we retreated back to a French concoction that we enjoyed in the mannerisms of true cognoscenti.Strange things are that they have linens on the table, but paper covering the linen. I must say that this does give the unnecessarily cheap impression. Odd for an establishment that take so much pride in the rest of its appearance. The service is good, but a little hovering for my own preference. I was surprised how mixed the makeup of the patrons were. Thoroughly eclectic and heterogeneous, which is never a bad thing. It is a bit loud in here. Our party could still talk, but strangely loud for such a nice place.. and to top it off we had a party next to us with one amazingly loud woman. It's one of those things that you cannot blame the establishment for - and yet, it affects the overall fermata of the ambiance impression.The tip: Pastrami-Style Smoked Short Ribs was voted by far the best meal that we tried. Very tasty.
5	I brought my wife here for dinner last night for our 7 year anniversary based on the rave reviews on Yelp and we were not disappointed.First, I must say that the service was FANTASTIC. Best server and service we've had in a few years. Our server recommended the Chopped Salad to start with, mixed right at your table, and it did not disappoint. We substituted the normal salmon for chicken and it was delicious. He also recommended the short ribs which my wife ordered and she loved them. I had the Filet Mignon and it was cooked perfectly to order, large in size and nearly melted in my mouth. We finished our meal off with the Peanut Butter bar - not my absolute favorite dessert but it was gluten free so was a great for for my wife. Most of the menu by the way is gluten free. Highly recommend a visit here! We'll be back soon.
3	Cowboy Ciiao is somewhat overrated. In iits heyday it was the place to go. Now the menu has become stale. There is nothing interesting on the menu besides their signature Stetson salad. otherwise bland. Too bad we use to love this place...hopefully they will reinvent their menu to keep up with the other restaurants who are.
2	I came here for lunch yesterday with my dad and stepmom. Firstly, the decor certainly didn't "wow" me. I was expecting prices for lunch ranging $8-15 considering the decor and paper table covers. We ordered the chopped salad, the chicken and waffles and the scallops. Firstly, our waiter was ho-hum, and not prompt with service. Our meals ranged from $14-16 and were SO small we all left absolutely starving. The chicken and waffles was HALF of ONE waffle with one SMALL chicken breast. My dad's scallops came out undercooked and by the time they came back after he sent them back, we had finished eating. (15 minute wait to recook scallops?!) They didn't offer from fresh ones and sent back his original ones which were all cut in half. Appalling. Dad then ate by himself and we weren't offered any compensation nor any appetizer free of charge considering we were waiting for him to finish. The flavor was good but this is the most OVERPRICED, SMALL-PORTIONED food I have ever encountered in such an establishment that isn't a 5 star restaurant. So disappointing.
2	Have to say I was really disappointed with my experience. Stopped in for a late Saturday lunch, we were seating immediately and then Forgotten about. It took 20 minutes to get a couple glasses of water. The waiter was distracted with side conversations with the kitchen staff. The food descriptions looked amazing, but felt they were very over priced. Our food came out cold, very dry and bland (panini and scallop risotto were ordered). Overall, may overlook it but won't be back any time soon.
4	The chop salad is amazing. We finished with the macaroni and cheese after the short ribs. The blackout cake has licorice and plum jam fennel pollen meringue and licorice syrup. We started with the pulled pork,  the shrimp, and then we were blown away with the mushrooms OMG. What just hit us? Our bartender was this adorable Hawaiian girl and she was bubbly and attentive. Everyone who served us was having fun.
4	Great Food, Drinks and Service..  This is a place were you come casual and feel very relaxed.  I will be back on my next visit to AZ...
5	On a whim, we stopped by this restaurant on a Wednesday night in Old Town Scottsdale after reading rave reviews on Yelp and elsewhere.  We completely understand why!  We were greeted enthusiastically at the door, and took the last two seats at the bar.   We eat out at least four or five times a week in Philly, and are seriously spoiled!  Without a doubt, KEIFER is one of the very best bar tenders/servers we've ever had.  Fun, attentive, helpful and knowledgeable about the food and wine, Keifer took phenomenal care of us.  He is just awesome and made a delicious dinner even better just by being him.  Owners of Cowboy Ciao:  This young man is a gem!  We're in Arizona every few months and your restaurant is now on our "must do" list.  We split the filet mignon which was prepared to perfection, the potatoes were "rave worthy" and the lightly breaded summer squash simply divine.  We also had the peanut butter dessert - very very good if not a bit pretentious.  We saw - strangely for the southwest - many appetizer plates of scallops coming out of the kitchen which we'll try on the next visit.  Bravo Kiefer and Cowboy Ciao - well done!
5	We always have a great experience at Cowboy Ciao.  The Stetson chopped salad is so good!
4	The food here is outstanding!I've come in twice and have been impressed by everything. The Pork Belly, the Scallops, the Mushroom Pan Fry, the Stetson Chopped Salad, and the Mac & Cheese are all incredible.Honestly, the only thing in my book that keeps this from being a 5 star restaurant is the service. The first time I came in, our server seemed to be in a bit of a hurry, and showed little to no personality.More recently, service was even worse ... almost warranting a drop down to 3 stars overall.  We waited 15 minutes after our reservation to be sat.  I got up twice to fill waters for my group.  Everything, from straws to lemons to bread, came slowly.  It was very disappointing.  Maybe we've been there on off nights.  The food is great, but the service needs immediate attention.
1	This place is a joke!  The owner owes millions to the federal government and was seemingly inebriated! !!  Apparently it's quite the reputation for that! Most of the reviews your rating, ARE OUTDATED!!!!!HUGE WASTE OF MONEY! #!!
4	My girlfriend and I were looking for a place to grab a bite to eat before we started out a day in Scottsdale and came across this place. The inside has some interesting decorations that are cool to look at and the window seats are great for people watching. Our server was very friendly and gave me a great recommendations on the steak sandwich. Great sandwich and an interesting take on it. It's kinda cheesy but I had a root beer to go along with my meal instead of a cocktail and I was very pleased with my choice. My girlfriend had a wrap which tasted fresh and tasty. Overall positive experience that I would recommend. We are not from the area but it looks like they have night time events that could please any type of audience.
5	Mushrooms and stetson salad are a must any time visiting AZ!  Great food, wine, and atmosphere!  Top 5 in AZ!
1	We had girl's night dinner here and had a horrible experience. This was one of the worst snobby waitress stories I've ever had the "pleasure" of telling.First, we walked in and it took 10 minutes for someone to come to the counter to consider seating us.Second, or waitress was a jerk. I wish we got her name, because I would call her out on here (just in case, she's a skinny, pear-shaped woman with shoulder-length, brunette hair with bangs and a mousy face). She was not very attentive. It was busy, but we had to ask her for water quite a few times. We ordered our drinks and food (which took forever to come out, we had to ask if they forgot about our order)--one of the girls didn't realize her salad came with salmon (to be fair, the ingredients aren't on the menu), so she was going to scrape it out. The waitress sighed and said she'd have them remake it. My friend tried to say it was ok, but the waitress took it anyway. For the rest of our dining experience, water was scarce.Then the real problem came.  We waited 30 minutes after we finished our dinner to get our check. Our waitress told us that she doesn't split checks (we are not sure if this is company policy or not). When she brought the check back, we split it up so she could charge all of our cards correctly. She said this was fine. She came back 15 minutes later and told us that we hadn't added a salad onto our cards. We had ordered 3 salads total. She had charged us for 4. We told her her mistake. She said she'd fix it.She came back and gave us our checks and we were ALL mischarged (most of us over charged). We figured out through the math of all of our receipts that she had charged us for the salad, but had split up the costs on all of our checks. We told her this problem, and she responded with, "This is why we don't split checks." We were very taken aback, but one of our girls said, "If you would have split the check, we wouldn't have had this problem." She rolled her eyes and walked away.Lastly, the food was ok, but I don't like much American Food. There are hardly any vegetarian options and no vegan options.I wouldn't recommend eating here and I will never go again unless I have to.
1	Dropped waaaay off.  Been going here several times a year for years. Loved it for all, until now. The food is good not great like it was, the sides are bleh. It wasn't that one dish was worse, which I might think that's an off might no big deal, but every dish was just meh.. And the portion sizes shrunk, the dessert was maybe a quarter the size it used to be, a total joke. Top it all off, the manager is a putz, all the good managers and service staff that used to work here are gone. The food is 3 stars (down from 5), but the prices are high so on that basis I'm giving it one star.
3	We came with a large group and the waitstaff was fantastic. The atmosphere was casual but a bit loud. The appetizers and main dishes were inventive but some missed the mark a bit by trying to blend too many components (duck confit was good, the cornbread underneath it was good, together they were awkward). The chopped salad is an amazing dish, but the menu doesn't give you any idea what it is. Drinks were good, but the wine list was an unused gimmick. Dessert was hyped by the staff, but completely fell flat. Our table had a bit of everything on the menu and none of them stood out. One of them was a disaster (birthday cake), the "famous" bread pudding was dry. Ice cream flavors were exotic, but the duck fat ice cream tasted like soapy coconut. All in all, a really good choice, but missing on a few spots.
4	Love this place. Right in old town gallery area. Great food and wait staff. Ask questions and get some interesting feedback
5	If you go here you must get the Stetson salad. I'm not a crazy salad person, but this salad is unique, and delightful.I really like that everything is made in-house here, even down to the deserts and ice cream.
5	A lot of people rave about the Stetson Salad here, it is unique and very good. I had a business dinner here this week, and was very happy. I had the Pastrami smoked short ribs, absolutely outstanding! I travel for business every week and have had fine meals at some of the best restaurants around the country. This short rib dish I must say is the best piece of beef I have ever put in my mouth. The spice rub and sauce blend perfectly to make one of the best dishes I have ever had. The ambience is very cool, as you would expect in a Scottsdale spot. I travel to Phoenix regularly and Cowboy Ciao will definitely be on the top of the list of go-to spots.
5	The Stetson is amaze-ballz. Hands down my all time favorite salad. Super quick and healthy meal to call in for take-out (they make so many of them they can have an order ready in 10 minutes).Only complaint: I wish the portions were larger!
5	The food was absolutely fabulous. Our waiter Jeremy was great as well. I had the filet and my wife had their salmon. Perfect!!
2	my friend and I went here during restaurant week.  It was a Saturday night and they did become busy later in the evening.  The food was fine.  My complaint is that the portion size was smaller for the restaurant week menu.  My friend ordered the extra salad and the extra dessert just to feel satisfied.  Our waitress did not tell us about the reduced portion size, I overheard her telling another table who were debating between the regular menu and restaurant week.  also my friend's  fancy drink was not prepared correctly and the waitresses excuse was the bartender does not get many requests for that drink.
4	Went here for my 30th birthday celebration last week - I've been wanting to try this place for so long! We got a great little table by the window and I loved the dim lighting and ambiance. It was definitely a great date place, although a bit loud. We started with the mac and cheese - YUM! Cheese, truffle, and porcetta - can't go wrong there. It was the perfect size to split for an appetizer. I ordered the Stetson Chopped Salad after hearing about it so many times. I hate to say that I was very underwhelmed. The lettuce was wilty and white, the corn was not fresh, but dry (reminded me of the corn in the  Cup of Soups), and...no avocado? Say whhhatt?He got the filet mignon and oh man it hit the jack pot. I may or may not have eaten a few large bites of that. It was melt-in-your-mouth yummy and the mashed potatoes it sat on were creamy and delicious.Their wine list is extensive and amazing. I hear their craft cocktails are great, too. We finished off with a slice of their birthday cake with a candle. It was REALLY good. I believe it was chocolate cake with cheesecake frosting. Such a great way to end the meal. I will be back for sure, but will get something other than the chopped salad! (Sorry, but Citizen Public House's is better).
5	Absolutely delicious food.  Excellent VEEV cocktails to begin. Mari the bartender shook up a VEEV cocktail with Casis and muddled berries and mint.  WOW. Stetson salad is out of this world and the pastrami braised short rib is completely insane. Like candy.   Still thinking about it!   Our waiter Mark was so attentive and gave us the best suggestions of what to order.  Really wish there was a restaurant like that in LA.  Congrats Cowboy Ciao!
2	We came for a "Sommelier Showdown" event. This was the third time we'd come for one, as previous experiences were very good. Tonight's was far off the mark. First, they shifted us over to the Kazimierz bar, as they apparently booked two events for the same night. Second, they changed the menu from what was published. The first two courses were made up last minute. Third, the food was cold. Fourth, service was slow. Fifth, the food was not good. Sixth, since this event was focused on wine, I thought it cheap that on the last course they served us the same cheap wine they had given us on the first course. Lastly, they had the audacity to automatically add a 20% gratuity before handing me the bill. This after I had decided the gratuity would be minimal. American Express and I will have a little conversation about that one.Sorry Cowboy Ciao, we're done giving you our business. There are far too many other great restaurants for me to bother coming back.
3	The food is tastes great. It's creative and inventive. I'm only giving the place 3 stars because the decor is VERY outdated and distracts from the great food.
1	As a fairly frequent guest of Cowboy Ciao in years past, I used to categorize it as "Cowboy Wow! - Now I'd call it Cowboy "Bow" as in Bow-Wow - this place has become a DOG!  This has become an overpriced memory of what it USED TO BE!  I paid $39.00 for a New York Strip steak that was tough and lacked any flavor.  The total bill for 3 was $165.00 with NO ALCOHOL!  The only remotely saving grace for the meal was the Stetson Chopped Salad which is a Ciao staple and continues to satisfy, but that salad isn't enough to get me to come back any more!Perhaps Kazimier is too preoccupied with his Wine Bar to pay attention to his historically good restaurant that is fading from old glory faster than you can say "Isn't that were Cowboy Ciao USED to be?"I'm Out!
4	I ordered the NY and the mushroom dish and shared them with my wife and they were pretty tasty.  They have a very extensive list of wines but when I ordered a bottle of 2010 Vineyard 29 Cru and they said it was out. The manager recommended a bottle of 2010 Vice Versa Le Petit Vice and it was quite good. The service was good and the atmosphere was great. I will definitely come back.
4	STETSON SALAD!!! If you hate salad get the Stetson Salad, if you love salad, get the Stetson Salad. Everything was delicious here and the service was very nice. The wine list may take you a month to peruse, but there is something on it for everyone! Great spot!
2	I want to give places the benefit of the doubt. Especially ones that have positive reviews, have been recommended by locals and have been around awhile even with heavy competition close by and a fairly pricey menu. So when our first round of drinks took 15 minutes to arrive, and our old fashioned was made incorrectly (a place like this with an expansive bar should know how to make an old fashioned, yes?), I reminded myself that the food was supposed to be awesome. We were on vacation, with good friends and were prepared to have a great evening so I really was not looking to spoil it for myself. And then our waiter opened his mouth. I asked for some explanation of menu items, many of which had either no explanation or description or was a puzzling mess of adjectives and much-too-hip-and-cool titles.  When asked for some help to decipher parts of the menu that - while it appeared to be in English - might as well have been written in a foreign language, our waiter started in with a host of racist remarks - like maybe he could find his Vietnamese friend to interpret for me, or go get me some dim sum instead. When I didn't laugh, he asked what I wanted an explanation of but I was so over it. He returned to the table after a few minutes, likely feeling slightly remorseful about his inappropriate comments (or more likely trying to resurrect his shrinking tip potential) and started rattling off at 100mph a verbal dissertation of a few menu items. No one at our table could understand much of what he said. I guess he was having a bad night and unfortunately it did rub off some on us. One bright star was the manager who came by to drop off a list of breakfast and lunch places he wanted to recommend after having had a conversation about this with our friends before our arrival. We did not mention our waiter - no one wanted to have a negative conversation and further spoil what was supposed to be a fun evening.  As for the food, well, it's hard to be fair given the bitter palate created by the waiter. I had the mini mushroom pan fry (serious potential, but slightly greasy and sadly under salted) and a salad (which was "fine"). My husband had the swordfish (butter sauce was yummy), our friends the bison meatloaf and the filet mignon. Both were pretty good. Desserts earned higher praise, allowing me to move Cowboy Ciao up to 2 stars - bread pudding, ice cream trio and the birthday cake were all delicious and a satisfying end to an otherwise disappointing experience. I would not recommend Cowboy Ciao to anyone visiting the Scottsdale - there are too many fabulous restaurants in this area to waste time with poorly trained staff.
4	If you have a chance to dine here, make sure you order the chopped salad! It was amazing - the ingredients, the dressing, the presentation - definitely worth ordering to start the meal. As we were finishing up our salad, our entrees came which did not disappoint. Overall a great meal with great service.
2	Chopped salad was delish but steak and lamb were both tough. Bruschetta was ok. Wouldn't order any of items again, other than the salad. Very noisy..hard to hear conversation at our table. Hostess and server were nice. Unlikely we'd return for dinner but might try lunch sometime.
1	I've been going to this place since moved to Scottsdale. I've always found it to be a fun place with a contemporary western atmosphere. Today was my last.visit. The surly host was not inviting because of what must have been a hard day.My guest and I came in for what I had anticipated to be a leisurely birthday lunch. The place was crowded and seating was tight. The table we were shown was cramped. I asked if there was anything else available. The response I got was surly "This is the only table I have for 2" with a clear undertone of " Take it or leave.it". I left it. There was no statement of something else would be available shortly nor was there any attempt of any sort of accomodation ( have a seat at the bar). I left and called telling the host. I told him that.the vibe I got from him was not befitting the.place I had visited several times before. As a full-time resident of Scottsdale who has recommended this place to visitors and hometown.folks, this incident has taken the fond memories of the food and the wait staff away. NEVER AGAIN will I patronize this place.  Thanks host for making what should have been a pleasurable experience and making it one where it's clear you need to think how you interact.with customers via words and attitude.
4	Had dinner here recently for a family function. Great quality food, a little crazy of a menu. Atmosphere was intimate. Great service.
4	The food was excellent--we had the Stetson chopped salad, buffalo carpaccio, exotic mushroom pan fry, and the lamb. All well-prepared and delicious.To move up to 5-star quality, they need to improve the service and ambiance. It was very loud for such a nice place--very difficult to hear our server. I think she had trouble hearing us too, which may have caused a couple of mix-ups and delays with our drink and food orders. She was very polite about the problems, but it took a bit away from the experience.
1	We were excited to visit Cowboy Ciao last Friday night for a business function which turned into the worst experience of our lives in a restaurant.  I can get over the fact that our entrees took well over an hour to arrive and one of them had a long, blonde hair on the plate to boot.  What I will never get over is how I was treated by the manager after choking on the short ribs at the table - one of the most terrifying experiences of my life.  I'm not sure exactly why this happened; perhaps, because my entree was cooked on the same grill as shellfish, which I'm allergic to.  I started choking and literally threw up at the table in front of my friends and clients and nobody came to help; offer a napkin, glass of water, anything!  (However, I will give the waiter credit for bringing me a mint 15 minutes later.  Lost points though for adding in an auto gratuity for subpar service).  The only time the manager stepped up was 10 minutes later by yelling at our wives for being in the men's room stall with me because I was having a hard time breathing.  And then he had the gall to insinuate that I was drunk.I spend about $40k/year entertaining clients in restaurants and our tab this night was $700 (which I was picking up).  You can bet your ass that I will never set foot in this place again and I will be sure all my business contacts do the same.  The manager should be fired because for being a total disgrace and sorry excuse for a human being.
