5	My BF has been going to Fifth Avenue Alterations for years and swears by them.  He's the picky one in the relationship, so when he took a look at a pair of jeans that I'd recently had altered elsewhere, he sweetly suggested that I take my next pair to Fifth Avenue where they would do a 'better' job.The husband/wife owners are very sweet and good at what they do... I've been to see them now a handful of times and I've been pleased with everything I've had altered there (including jeans, tops, and even a dress).  More importantly, my BF is pleased as well!The only complaint I have is that sometimes it can take over a week so this may not be the best bet if you are in a hurry.  Also, they're cash only, so be prepared!
5	This alteration place is fantastic! I would recommend to anyone looking for reasonable alteration price with superior results. I was a last minute back-up bridesmaid and this business took a bridesmaid dress from a size 12, down to a size three in under a week for $100. I was very impressed and no one could even tell my dress was not made for me.
5	As someone who has profound respect for anyone who is able to design, alter, or repair articles of clothing, I'm constantly on the look out for reputable, friendly, establishments that can not just do the work, but also establishments I enjoy supporting.  Fifth Ave Alterations is most definitely one of those establishments.Great care was taken not just in measuring me for the alterations I needed, but I was also dissuaded from wasting my money on costly vintage suit adjustments that may or may not have been successful.  I appreciated the honesty, and took their advice, as those suit alterations would have been 3 to 4 times what I actually paid for the suit - something that was made clear to me.  I did, however, have two pairs of vintage slacks altered for length, and the results were superb.Just be sure to bring cash, as you need to pay for your alterations up front, and credit cards are not accepted.
5	With all the deeply discounted clothing sales going on... I over purchased some Guess jeans and since some of them needed hemmed... I solicited a recommendation from Gabi. Gabi suggested "Fifth Avenue" Much like a fine masterpiece, their prices are not cheap, nor were the jeans ready in a hurry.   As a man who prefers quality over quantity, this did not scare me. The owners were very precise, and ensured that requests and expectations were communicated. I was assured that quality was top priority, which put my mind at ease. My Jeans were done in about 2 weeks,  which for some people, would be unacceptable, for me however, my motto is ... "Please...take whatever time you need to do the job correctly" When I picked up my Jeans, I was REALLY impressed, not only were they finished PERFECTLY, but the attention to the detail was outstanding. Example: one pair of jeans has a unique thread color combination on the pockets and seams... This guy matched the color so well it was amazing to me.. I'm sure any other place would have overlooked the subtle color variance and just used a standard color. NOTE: I was warned in advance by both Gabi and the establishment .. that debit cards nor credit cards were NOT accepted for payment...so CASH IN HAND is the only option.... This was the only draw back to the establishment.FYI... The final cost was about $20.00 a pair.  Thanks again Gabi!!!
5	I should have written this review quite some time ago.  Last winter, I brought four suits to Fifth Avenue Alterations to have them tailored for a professional course I was attending.  Being very cautious about who handles my suits, I consulted Yelp and found glowing reviews for Fifth Avenue.  I brought my suits in and was immediately impressed with the husband/wife team.  The wife's attention to detail in her suggestions was superb, right down to suggesting that we put a shoulder pad in the right shoulder on each suit, to make my shoulders look even (one is slightly lower than the other).It took about two weeks to get my suits back, but I firmly believe that good work is worth waiting for.  When I returned to pick up my suits, I was highly impressed with the tailoring.  Every suit fit me as if it had been made-to-measure, and I received compliment after compliment at my professional course.I now live in the Baltimore-Washington area.  I hope I can find a tailor here who can match the work of Fifth Avenue Alterations.
5	They did a great job on hemming my jeans.  They restored the original hemline, got the length right, finished it in exactly one week and charged me $20.00A satisfied customer
5	I have a bad habit of buying clothes without trying them on.  I just kind of hold up an item, determine it looks "about right" and call it good.  This is really not the best way to do things, I know.  As an example, I fell in love with a fantastic pair of jeans... last July.  It wasn't until I got them home that I realized that while they were the correct size, they were made for someone 6' tall (which I am definitely not).  Promptly exiled to the back of the closet.  I didn't get any taller in the past half year (darn!) and was about to give them away when I learned that they could be fixed to fit 5'5" me.  Sweet!I can see why Fifth Avenue Alterations has so many 5-star reviews.  I brought in my amazon-girl jeans and the owner took a lot of time to ensure that they were pinned to exactly the correct length, having me stand both in heels and without shoes.  I like attention to detail!  She explained how the existing distressed hem would be cut and re-attached, so the bottom of the jeans wouldn't have that tacky folded-over look once they were finished (I never knew that could be done).$20, done in a week and they look great!  I am very happy - these jeans are going to be my new favorites!
5	After losing 20lbs all my designer jeans were way to big on me.  I took 9 pairs of high end jeans (true religion, hudson and 7 jeans) to have them altered. I was very nervous considering 7 pairs had to be taken in at the waist and all the way down my legs.  When I picked them up and tried them on I was amazed at the job they did on my clothes.  You can not even tell they have been altered.  I would highly recommend Fifth Ave Alterations to anyone!  My alterations took 2 weeks but it was well worth the wait!  They saved me from having to go and buy all new clothes.
5	great work, great service, great people.  if you are looking for an alteration sepcialist that takes care of you, this is a place to go.  So conveniently located in Old Town Scottsdale too!
5	I put my trust in my fellow Yelpers and they steered me right! I got a nice pair of jeans at an amazing low price over Thanksgiving weekend. But the jeans are boot-cut and I'm short. A very bad combination. But the price and the look were so good, I decided I'd fix that later. Between a mix of laziness, then moving, then just forgetting about it, I never did get those jeans hemmed. Last week, I finally decided to get the job done. Not knowing much about hemming or alterations, I turned to Yelp for a recommendation around me and found several great reviews for Fifth Ave Alterations. I can't say too much more than anyone else already has. The job was great, although it feels like it should have been done a little quicker (however, it was done in eight days instead of the nine she told me it would take). Cash only is also an annoyance (but the last couple of tailors I've ever gone to had the same policy). While my tailoring needs are few and far between, I would definitely take my business back to Fifth Ave Alterations.
5	They took in my suit coat, hemmed my pants, and fixed another pair of pants all done very well!  I will go back to them and tell people to go there too!
5	I needed to alter my bridesmaid dress for my friend's wedding and was told by Gabi M that 5th Ave Alterations was the place to go. I trust her judgment (and of course yelp's 5 star average) so I stopped by! Talk about quick, cheap and painless! I walked in and a friendly lady welcomed me and told me to go into a dressing room and try on the dress. As soon as I walked out of the fitting room, she pinned it within minutes. I went back into the dressing room to change, brought out my dress and she quickly gave me a price and turnaround time. It cost $25 to be altered and she promised that it would be done within a couple days. The following week, I came back to pick it up, tried on the dress, gave it my stamp of approval, paid (cash or check only) and was quickly on my way! I will definitely use 5th Ave Alterations every time I need anything altered. It's seamless.
5	I've taken pants here to be hemmed... a corset and pair of jeans to have zippers replaced... and shorts to have holes sewn up.  Every time I go they do an amazing job and are ALWAYS cheap or at a very realistic price.  I'm so glad I listened to the other reviews at Yelp to come here in the first place.
5	I had read the reviews and needed a pair of pants let out.  I also had to get them done in like 2 weeks because I was going to my brother's wedding.  Well, just like the other reviews--the gentleman who works there was so nice and the woman (his wife perhaps) was great--the pants were done on time, very reasonable price (bring cash-no credit cards) and fit perfectly.  I will not go anywhere else!
5	I've been here twice and loved it! Also sent my sister here and they treated her well also. I went somewhere else once because it was slightly closer and regretted it. They are nice here, will communicate with you, especially on price and they do a very VERY good job!
5	They did a great job with my jeans and matched the stitching perfectly!!! Be advised that they do NOT take credit or debit cards.... Only cash or checks.,.. A bit odd in this day and age, but they do t want to have to pass the fees on to the customers ..,... My new alteration destination .
1	I called to see how much it would be and how long it would take to have a pair of jeans hemmed about an inch from the bottom. The gentleman asked me "when do you need them by?" I said "I need them on saturday but I cannot drop them off until saturday." He proceeded to ask me if I thought the place was a fast food restaurant and had a VERY RUDE attitude. I have NEVER called an establishment who ONE treated me in this manner, and TWO answered the phone with..."HELLO?!" and no business name associated with it. I will never take my clothes here to be altered due to the RUDE phone call conversation. Someone needs to train their answering service how to speak to potential clients.
2	Was charged 50% more than what I paid in LA for alterations and the seat of my D&G suit pants will have to be redone.  Had this done in October when I first moved to AZ and still can't get over how bad it is.  Was ignored by a man sitting behind the counter reading when I first arrived, eventually I was helped by a woman from the back.  When I returned a week later, as I was told, to pick up the items they hadn't been started.  The hems were fine but pricey.  The seat of my suit pants are not.  Still haven't worn the suit - just looking at it upsets me.  Opposite experience to the yelp postings I read.
5	The best! I take all my alterations here. They also saved my wedding dress from a disaster w another wedding dress alterations person, should have taken it here straight away. Shireen was able to salvage it and make it look perfect for my wedding. Consistently great work!!! Thank you fifth ave!
4	I have used 5th Ave Alterations twice in the past year. The most recent occasion was a couple weeks ago, when I took several pairs of men's dress pants in to be altered. It was fairly expensive, but overall the work was to my satisfaction, so it was worth it. Depending on the work, you may be asked to put down a deposit when you drop off your clothes. The pants were ready on the agreed upon date and they called me, as promised, to let me know when they were ready. I did have to go back a second time because there was a problem with one of the pairs of pants that I didn't see until after I got home, but they were very apologetic and promptly fixed it the same day I went back, so it was not a big deal to me.Based on my experience, the quality of their work is good, albeit a little expensive, and I would go back again in the future for alterations. Figuratively speaking, I don't think you can put a price tag on a good tailor, which I would say they are, based on my two experiences.I also suggest calling before stopping by to verify they are open. I don't think they're necessarily open every Saturday, since they're a "mom and pop" business. Also, they  are actually open until 5:30 on weekdays (not 5:00 as Yelp suggests), which is helpful if you work 8-5.
2	I decided to try this place because it is near my office and I had some pants that needed the cuffs and zipper fixed and another pair that needed the waist let out.The owners were very nice and the work was done extremely well, but unfortunately I can't recommend using this place based on the wait and the price. My simple repairs took two weeks to complete and lets just say, cost substantially more than other places I have used.Sorry, but sewing and alterations are not enough of a unique skill that I am willing to wait so long and overpay.I'll be returning to Phoenix Custom Tailors at 32nd and Thomas in the future.
5	I am really impressed with their services and the owners are so sweet and helpful. I live in LA and I bought my dress at the last minute (as usual) the night before I left for Phoenix for an event. The dress, which had a lot of ruching, needed to be taken in and hemmed. I found Fifth Ave Alterations on yelp, rushed over there, told the lady what I needed and hoped for the best. I was really worried because I was not home and I only had that one dress to wear for my event. The next day I got my dress back and it was perfect! I got compliments left and right at the event on my dress and its perfect fit! Victory! I wish this place was by my house in LA!
5	Great ma and pa shop. I have taken a lot of my high end items here and am always happy, if it's not exactly what I want they always re do it for free. Just remember to take cash as they do not accept debit or credit cards and does take about a week to get your clothes back so don't wait till the last minute
2	My girlfriend had 2 skirts altered by this place. Both for work purposes. The reason I am posting about this and not her is because I was the one who had to go pick it up and pay for it. I was amazed at how much it had cost for two business style skirts to get altered. They  had both sides taken in ( to make smaller). $36 a skirt for a grand total of $72. I came with $45 thinking that would cover the "cash only" rule that still exists in today's world. So then I had to leave, go to an ATM then back to the place. Thinking the whole time, "Might as well go buy her a new skirt," but I have no fashion and she needed them!  So two weeks later and $72 in the hole we have skirts that fit. Is it great work yes. The people were really nice. If I needed it done over night I would probably pay that price. Inflating prices because of slow business.Business denied
5	You know that old saying, "You get what you pay for?"This place is pretty much a mastermind in a craft that is hard to find in this town. This isn't your run of the mill tailor shop and you should expect to pay a premium for the exceptional work. I had a ton of alerting that needed to be done on 7 suits, some shirts, and a few jeans that I had purchased at Neiman's. When I'm in Scottsdale, I wouldn't trust just anyone to alter these cloths (not even the staff at Neiman's), but I trust this place to do the job right.  As usual, they did a fantastic job, it was worth the wait for the quality, thorough work. The suits, shirts and jeans fit me like a glove.Btw, they do not accept credit cards.
