4	Went there Sunday midday. Spent ~$13 for two "Foods" and a drink. My fish tacos were real good. Wife's salad was not bad either but tacos were better.All in all its a pretty good and tasty value.
5	When I lived in Arizona, Filiberto's at Ray was my favorite place to grab a cheap and delicious Burrito. Now that I'm back in Boston, only a select few understand the greatness that is Filiberto's, and that's a major unfortunate. While Boston has a lot to offer, they don't have a Filiberto's five minutes from my apartment, and that is one huge thing I miss about Chandler. The Arizona burrito with extra Green Chile salsa and a large Horchata was a combo for many a drunken night, and I shall forever be indebted to Filiberto's for that. I'm not arguing full on authenticity, nor am I advocating healthiness. But what I'm saying is Filiberto's has the cheapest and most delicious Burrito I am likely to ever have again, and I wish I could get them on the Eastern Seaboard. You're missed, guys.
4	I'll admit to my vices. I have a tendency to get pretty drunk on weekend nights and wake up with a raging hangover. I'm convinced that the only cure is a breakfast burrito from Filibertos, with a healthy side of the red hot sauce. I pretty much only make it to Fili's for breakfast, but they also have GIANT burritos that are cheap and filling. My favorite: Carne Asada with rice.
4	Last time I went they had a new item that was just written on some paper by the register- Potatoe Tacos!!Fried squares of potatoes (think breakfast) placed in a tortilla shell and then deep fried.  Topped with queso and lettuce.  Yum!  Yum!  Yum!  It was so delicious.  Nothing what so ever healthy about it but it tasted like salty, greasy heaven.
2	OK even us foodies and health nuts get caught out there hungry and no where good to go late at night. That is if you think 9pm is late.  So you find yourself subjected to second rate food at fast food places.  This is really when I start to get homesick for the Big Apple. You can still get great food past 9pm even if it is cheap and fast in NYC.  When I moved from NY almost 4 years ago, the fact that Mexican food was so abundant here was enough to have me salivating on a regular basis.  Not just any Mexican food but the REAL thing.  Yippee for my move.  Great Mexican food here I come.  So I decided to get the consensus from people and I kept hearing about Filiberto's.  OK not hard to find they are sprinkled all over the valley.  Late one night I end up in the drive through of Filibierto's in East Mesa.  I really can not remembered what I ordered but I do remember it being awful.  I chalk it up to late night cooks.  Hey who wants to make tacos at 1am? My next encounter is lunch rush in Tempe.  Eh nothing to write home about.  I have frequented different locations and still nada.  There is one item that I do like, the bean tostada.  But honestly how can you mess up a bean tostada?  Tonight I decided to live on the edge, ordering my usual AND a side of guacamole.  Hey, this is a Mexican restaurant the guacamole has to be good...NOT.  It was bland, too creamy and just down right YUCK.  That was the last straw for me.  If you are stuck in the wee hours of the night and you must have Mexican food then at your own risk go to Filiberto's.  I would rather take my chances with Taco-Bell.
4	Tummy happy; check, extremely!! Green Chile Burrito (pork), Lunch.. humongous, very meaty, saucy, spicy and flavorful... ....enough saidit's salad bar, not so much: rancid sauces(the verde and red ones) and salsa..... do not touch...
4	I'm a New Yorker in town for a few days and was looking for a good fish taco (a rare find in NY) when I came across Filibertos here on Yelp. I might not be the best judge but I've tried em in New Orleans, Austin and New York and these were the best so far. Nice fresh fillets of fried fish, along with big chunks of pork in my carnitas. Burrito.  2 fish tacos and the burrito along with a side of guacamole for under $11 bucks. Well worth the 8 mile drive from where I'm staying. That's my story and I'm sticking too it.
4	Never busy when I go there at night. Very nice staff, good solid food, you got to love Filiberto's. I just wish they had a Drive-Thru! 2 Thumbs up for being very clean and friendly.
1	my wife told me to not go to filiberto's.  i should have listened.  but, being relatively new to the valley (moved here 2 years ago) and a big fan of mexican food, i wanted to try it out.i'm never...eating...there...again.large portions of bland, tasteless slop.  the refried beans lacked texture.  the burrito could have been made by a bobble-head doll.  it completely lacked any kind of thought behind it.  ground hamburger rolled up in an amateurish tortilla with the token green pepper.  that was it.  my one question is, how are they still in business?  i'm repulsed by their existence and continued success.  taco bell is an infinitely better option than filiberto's.
3	Not the best filbertos, but not the worst. I came here because I was in the area, starving, and wanted to sit down somewhere to eat.  I got what I l always get, the #3 (2 shredded beef tacos, beans, rice and a drink.)Not a bad experience, just blah.  There was a TV that was blaring loud with some mexican kids show on, and there was a weird crowd in here.  Food was decent, but I think I like my regular Filberto's better.
1	This Mexican food is more like Mexicant. This place is disgusting! Idk how you all love it so much. It's degrading to Hispanics everywhere! 2 THUMBS DOWN BLEH!
3	I like going here for the tv blaring spanish channels loudly. Then you get the food and it is okay for a mexican chain fast food restaurant. I like that it is next door to the bowling alley.
2	To this day I will never understand the hype. It's fast food junk.
5	As someone who moved from Phoenix to Boston, it has become impossible to find a place like FIliberto's here. Appreciate what you all have in Phoenix. There is no review I could write to explain the sorrow that I have for leaving behind Filibertos. I don't want to live without Filibertos...Seriously though, appreciate the awesomeness while you still live in Arizona.
4	The Carne Asada Burrito is what put this place on the map in the first place and that was the reason for my visit - this monster will cure any hangover. Their hot sauce is perfection so load up with several cups if you order this bargain behemoth to go.
2	So I was in the neighborhood and needed something to cheap, quick, and easy to eat several nights in a row. Figuring this was a quick and easy take-out I chose this place as a path of least resistance option. However - one night I came a little later and tried to open the door. Nope. Wouldn't budge. Pulled a little harder. Then tried the other door. Then tried the first door again. LOCKED. What the? Holy mother of East Guadalupe Road! I stood stunned for a moment thinking OMGWTF and then I noticed the sign: Open till 10PM. Really? 10 freaking o clock? That's like a Denny's or 7-11 that closes before midnight. Complete sacrilege! The only real reason I go to any 'Bertos is because they are open any time of the day or night. This was the only choice in the immediate neighborhood at that hour since Tott's, Nosh, and Spices were already closed. Well, I could have gone to Zipp's but I'd end up having a few beers as well. But it actually turned out to NOT be a contender after all. No bueno! I prayed to the patron saint of burritos to for guidance to yet another Filiberto's that was actually open - even if only for another hour. Well I actually yelped and found one north of there on McClintock and Guadalupe. That's my Filiberto's of choice from now on. Guaranteed to be open and much more reliable. Also cleaner and with a bigger dining area and even a drive-through option. Why even bother with this place at all?
1	Place has gone down hill bad bad! Last few times there foods not cooked, the fries are still frozen, and they don't even put whats supposed to come with your order in your order! Beyond crap hole now! I used to love this place too
1	This is the worst filbertos I have ever gone to. I think my burrito was sour and its really dirty.  My guess is the guac was bad. Hope I dont get sick. I am mad at myself for eatting it. I should have just thrown it away.
1	The Filberto's I am reviewing for is the same company, but located at the corner of Chandler Blvd and Kyrene. It is new so I could not find that location on Yelp.So I recently moved to Chandler for a few months on an internship, from Southern California. So I know about good Mexican food. When I got here at 6:30pm on a Sunday night, I was the only customer. No more customers came in while I was here. I ordered two chiles rellenos for about $6. When the food arrived, there were two giant chiles rellenos covered in red sauce, cheese, pico de gallo, and guacamole and sour cream. They looked amazing. When I took a bite, the food was cold. Not room temperature cold, actually cold like they took the box out of the refrigerator. I figured it might just be the toppings, so I took a few bites deep down, and it was cold all the way through to the peppers. I took the box to the front, and the cashier gave it to the chef. They began to argue in Spanish. Unbeknownst to the chef, I speak some Spanish myself. He was saying that the customer should just take it home and reheat it, cause they don't have a microwave. Finally, he decided to throw the dish on the grill to try to reheat it, which any chef should know will causes chiles rellenos to fall apart. I guess they didn't have a toaster oven, convection oven, or salamander either. They informed me they would make me new ones.Now, surprisingly, the first set of chiles rellenos actually had a very good flavor, for what I could perceive through the cold temperature. This second set they gave me were nearly burnt, crisped to a dark brown. They were about half the size of the first two, and had almost no cheese. The guacamole was cut way down in quantity. I must note though that they were hot.So in a nutshell, do not ever go to this chain. Their recipes may be good, but they hire terrible chefs with terrible service. It is unfortunate this chain dominates the Chandler-tempe area for Mexican food.
1	They say they open at 6, sign on the door says 6 but at 6:08 they were still closed and the gentleman waiting outside had a pesticide can there waiting to take it in .. Mind you I left as soon as I saw his can, if you need to spray a place do it before you open and try to open on time?? Anyway watch the floor and the walls when you go here just in case they never let him in
1	Bad customer service. I ordered a bacon breakfast burrito, I sat down and saw that no one was cooking at the stove behind the desk so thought maybe the rest of the kitchen is in the back..wrong!.. I waited about 10 min and there was one person in front of me waiting and then 2 more customers came in after me. After the 4th person the lady at the register dicided to call the cook up to start cooking!! So I decides to just forget it and went up to her and said that if hes just starting that I need to leave and ill just do a return and she insisted that it would be quick and told the cook to make mine first... worst breakfast burrito ive had from filibertos.l!! The burrito was so skinny( no worth the $6 i paid)the potatoes in the burrito weren't fully cooked. I Dont recommend this location. Register girl couldve gave warning of time I would have to wait if It was going to be more then 10-15 min and she definitely couldve been a little happier.My visit was on sunday around 9am.
1	I have lived in this area for 20 years and have never gone to this Filiberto's - my intuition told me no.I should have listened.  But noooo....I finally said - oh what the heck - it's right here and how bad could some carnitas and a bean burro be?  Safe...  right?  No.First - it's 12:30 in he afternoon when I order and the cook is nowhere to be seen.  On a lunch break?  Probably.  I'm a patient guy and he or she deserves a break - NO biggie.  So I chill and wait for a few while watching a Mexican telenovela. About 5-8 minutes later he starts to emerge from the back room - not too long as a break goes - so I think oh great here he comes - until he emerges from the back room with a crappy attitude.  He's scowling at the half-dozen customers lining up for lunch and mumbling under his breath.  The young lady taking orders looks horrified and mumbles something at him in Spanish and he stops ranting for a bit.  Only to do it again a short time later.  You ask - hey what's the saving grace here??  Well, I can fully see him cooking so I feel confident he's not spitting in the food.  That's a bonus! I could go on and on but I'll keep this short...My takeout is done in just a scant few minutes and I haul it home.  The bean burro sucks.  The beans taste like they are 3 days old.  Dry as a bone and taste horrible.  The Carnitas?  Same deal - they suck.  Dry and tasteless.  I'll stop back and try for a refund.  Yeah whatever.  I'm not holding my breath. And most importantly:  I'm not going back - ever - ever - ever - ever - again.  Even more importantly - never - ever - ever -ever - go to any restaurant without consulting YELP - this could have been avoided.
4	Good food!!!!!!Don't go to the chandler and kyrene Location Go to this one ....,, MUCHO BUENO!
4	This is not quite 5 star, but it IS a solid 4 star most of the time. They built a newer store on Chandler Blvd that is closer to my house, but I have started going back to this location because they seem to make better food. Their salsa bar is not as good though, they do not have as many things in the salsa bar. I love the extreme Fajita burro if I'm real hungry, and the Green chili pork is pretty good as well. The Carna Asada is usually a little over cooked for my liking, but many people like it. Their Chicken Chimi is worth a try.
1	Cheap yes, good, no.The flour tortilla was dry and hard, the meat was overcooked in the carne asada burrito and the rice and beans were soggy and gross.I felt sick after eating here and I only obliged because J said he wants to relive his college days where he'd eat there all the time.  Thankfully I didn't die.  Felt like it for a few hours afterwards though.  Come here at your own risk.
