1	I always look in here if I'm next door at Forbidden Planet. I've never found a bargain here yet. The prices of DVD's and games are just stupid considering the crap that is on offer. If you want second hand DVD's stick to ebay. This is just a pawn shop, where no one seems to reclaim their stuff. The prices of the electrical goods are also inexplicably high. You could go over the road to Richer Sounds and get a great brand new TV for less than they charge. It always smells of smoke and some of the clientele are quite scary looking.
2	Boys seem to like Cash Generator. I think it's because Cash Generator has huge amounts of TV's, Games Consoles, Musical Instruments and other expensive goods. I don't like it. I can't get past the fact that everything seems to have a yellow tinge to it as a result of living in a smokey household which also means everything smells like cigarettes. Everything just looks dirty to me and I don't want to think about where most of it has come from. Yes I am an utter snob.
3	I often peruse round here in the hope of impulsively buying a bargain games console or the odd computer periphery. Spotting an incredibly cheap Nintendo DS I though my impromptu bargain days were upon me, until I winced at the unsightly scratches and clearly visible damage to the item.Second hands goods intuitively need a careful inspection, nonetheless I'm sure one day I'll find something in here.
3	Now that I think about it, it's quite obvious cash generator is a second hand store, as they stock the most unrelated variety of products imagineable. From television sets, to toys, to guitars, Cash Generator is so well presented I just assumed a lot of their stock was brand new.Some of it is, as they tend to buy both used and brand new items of the public which they try to resell in their store. A friend and I bought a mandolin from them after agonizing over the practicality of such an investment for quite a while. The transaction was quite hilarious, because we soon realized the staff had little expert knowledge of musical instruments; no they couldn't place us a song, tune the mandolin, or offer any really helpful advice about it! It's a cool place to try and find a good bargain, and I did find out that what they do buy straight from their suppliers are their HUGE flatscreen tvs!
