5	This place is great. Our old TV bit the dust, and as I am out of work we couldn't afford a new one. The ReStore had a great selection. Not the most up to date flat-screen high definition models, of course, but that can wait until I find a new job. We got an awesome deal on a nice 52 inch TV with a great picture. They also have a great selection of furniture and appliances, so we will most definitely be back!Oh, and as a bonus, whatever you spend there is for charity!
5	Don't buy anything new if you don't have to! Check out places like Habitat Restore for your furniture, or other decorating needs. They have: all types of furniture (both new and antique including lounge chairs, bed frames, vanities, dressers, desks, dining room tables, sofas, pianos & pump organs, coffee/side tables, grandfather clocks, etc.), kitchen items (silverware, plates, cups, glasses, etc), appliances (such as ranges, ovens, microwaves, mixers, etc), art/mirrors, light fixtures (both huge chandiliers and small lights/bulbs for ALL rooms of your house), tile, wood flooring, sinks (porcelain and steel), faucets (I found an antique Kohler set for $35 that was in NEW condition), door handles/knobs, doors (indoor and outdoor), windows and treatments, tubs (small and large), drawers of all types, cabinets, etc. Pretty much anything you COULD buy new at a hardware/homegoods store they may have in here! The prices are very reasonable and it goes to a good cause. PLUS-you can't forget Julia's Coffee!! Delicious coffee! THEY DO ACCEPT credit cards... no cash needed! Prices are NON-negotiable. This is for charity!
2	this isn't a review of this store but the Charlotte habitats in general...i run by these stores maybe once every 4-6 wks  in my travels about town and the prices they charge now are CRAZY.......plus theres no negotiation even if you show them proof they are higher......the one on Wendover had carpet squares 1x1 squares for $6...i showed them a Depot add where I could get them for $2-3 NEW...didn't matter.....has gotten to be to pricey for what amounts to being a huge Goodwill store that has industrial supplies in stock
5	I've been to Restores here and in Ohio, and I've gotta say, this one surprised me. I was really interested in real estate investing when I still lived up north, and I used to peruse them for their good deals on cabinets and bathroom stuff. When I went into this one, it was very clean and super organized in comparison to the others I've seen. They had a chair that I wanted to throw in the back of my car as soon as I walked in the door, and even an old claw foot tub that I have no use for, but figured would make a great yard accessory that my neighbors would just LOVE to have in their front yard of our condo community... ok, not really but I did love the tub. The best thing about this one was the cabinet selection, and I know that's a fluke. I know you can't base the rating on the inventory alone. But, there was a beautiful cabinet set and the prices were better than I've seen in a long time for something of such a nice quality. Now, the odd thing about this place is that a salon must have gone out of business or something, because they had all the beauty supplies you can imagine too. There was artwork, housewares, bathtubs, doors, filing cabinets, etc.. everything you can think of. I think think this place offered a lot of neat finds. I will definitely peruse this store often.
