5	I and my family were blessed enough to be invited to the pre-opening night dinner service and it was impeccable.  Everything down to the atmosphere, the service and especially the food.  The chicken with tamarin sauce over grits was amazingly moist, the fluke carpaccio marinated with ginger was great and I usually don't like carpaccio.  The four leches cake with just enough moisture and sweetness served with strawberries wonderful.  My brother went on about the oysters.  My sister Michele loved the marinated beef carnitas quesadillas.  The service wonderful and a thanks to Marcus our server who was very attentive.  And a wonderful thanks to the General Manager, Jennifer, who was sincerely kind and so passionate about food and people and her new role at this establishment.  I was pleasantly surprised by co-owner Susan, who was especially kind and came up to our table and started talking to us and asking about the meal.  She even gave me a signed copy of her book.  What an amazing birthday!!
5	First let me say my server was amazing!!! Heather P. You Rock! I was there alone, and thus slightly awkward. She took time to talk to me and tell me about the head chefs and the restaurant. I got the baha ceviche and guac. Both were good. Nice smaller size portions, but great for a lunch. The ceviche was a little sauce heavy, but the guac was perfect. The atmosphere was nice but not busy (although I was there at 3:30 on a Tuesday). I would definitely come back... Maybe for lunch tomorrow!
5	I ate at the restaurant on Sunday at 8pm this week.  Here's what I found:Price  - The price was perfect, not too expensive like everything else in the Shope's, but not too cheap that the food quality suffered.  It was just right!Food - The Mexican was premium home-made quality.  I enjoyed everything from the home-made guac to the soup (not too heavy, not too light) that the server reccomended.Service - My server Alex (with glasses) was friendly, engaging, and had dead-on reccomendations.  He was prompt when I needed service, and left me alone when I wanted to eat and focus.   5 star service, really!Environment - Just right for a Mexican place in a casino.  I felt comfortable in my jeans and dress shirt, drinking a beer, while people at the next table were dressed finer then I was.Bottom line - have a meal there when you're in Vegas, it's just the right place for lunch or an early dinner!
5	This new location is gorgeous and the service is excellent.  It is located right next to Joe's Stone Crab and is easy to access from the Forum Shops valet that is north of the Caesars main entrance.My group all had the tacos, which are little smaller than a regular taco and crispy like a taquito.  Each taco plate is $14-$19 and comes with 3 tacos, and a good portion of beans and two types of rice.  The potato tacos I had were flavorful and had a variety of textures with the creamy potatoes, corn, and crispy shell.  I would absolutely order these again.  I also loved the coconut flan that was served with pineapple.
4	Holy hangover, how good is this place?! My girlfriends and I came here for lunch after a long typical Las Vegas evening of good clean fun and and we stumbled upon Border Grill while we were, errr, stumbling through the Forum Shops. Yummy, authentic Mexican food sounded like just the cure for...our good clean fun. But I digress. We shared a few dishes to start. The queso fundido was incredible and cheeeeeeesy. I could put that on anything. We also shared the ceviche which was super fresh and tasty. I ordered the crispy potato rajas and let everyone try a little bit. This was hands down the best main dish. Paired it with the blood orange lemonade and you have yourself a meal.The ambiance was super cute and I love the decor. Good meal for groups and casual while still keeping it somewhat classy. I need a Border Grill in the NYC area asap please!!!
5	Great atmosphere, great talent behind the bar, excellent food!  Treavor and Jon are bartenders that rock!!!
5	The newest BORDER GRILL opened at the FORUM SHOPS AT CAESARS. The lunch menu is fabulous! The food is so fresh! (Read all the other reviews for more details.) Our server, Adrienne, was super-friendly! I wanted to add that I love the way the company is conscious of sustainable fish, gluten-free restrictions and the ecological presentation of the table water. Instead of expensive elite bottled water or tap water, they serve water that has been through a triple filtration process on site and poured from from recycled tequila bottles that are washed and reused every day. Maybe that's what makes the difference in their lemonade, too! I loved the Pomegranate Lemonade! Definitely going back!!
5	We split the short rib enchiladas and pork carnitas and they were amazing! The salsas and guac were also delicious and extremely fresh, and the staff were very attentive. If we'd found this spot earlier in our trip we definitely would have gone back a few more times- but we'll definitely be back during our next visit to Vegas.
2	First this place is beautifully put together. I love the lay out better than Mandalay. But the was about the best I can do on compliments . Service was mediocre at best. I didn't set the bar too high because I seen the spotty glasses and silverware.  Not a good sign when you walk in to a place. Hostesses seemed lost and we're more concerned with gossip than helping. We didn't expect for four star service but we did expect our server to see how we were on our cold food. But alas no one came by. I did flagged down a manager and notified them my food wasn't hot and he took it away but by this time my friends was cold as well, since she was polite and was waiting so we could eat together. After receiving our food hot, we never seen Hyde nor hare of our server or manager. Enough said. Food... well again a good attempt at trying. Not really mexican more tex mex, but it had always been that style. Guacamole was ok. Lacked salt and acid. The shorty enchiladas were ok, but too much sauce made the tortilla mushy. Rice was hard like it was in a steam table for hours. Beans were dry and not a lot of flavor either. Overall...maybe they are just getting their footing and I will be back in the near future to try again. I do miss the old border. Much more intimate with the chef and staff , but hinges do change. Hopefully it can get back to what BG was years ago.
5	Food and service were top notch. Our server was well informed, she made great suggestions and she was friendly. The food was full of flavor and fresh. I had the Carne Asada quesadilla and the meat was tender and melted in my mouth. All of the people in our party had great things to say about the food.
5	We sat at the ceviche bar.  The chef was friendly, interactive and helped us order. He provided tastes on a spoon of the ceviches we were interested in. Delicious. The next day we went to brunch and spent 2 and a half hours just grazing over small plates and catching up with friends.  Just awesome.
5	My favorite new ceviche place in Vegas!!!!! On the bottom right of my pic is my absolute fave I've ever ordered out: aguachile verde featuring calamari, Alaska King crab, avocado, cucumber serrano broth (so tasty we wanted to drink it!!!) and mango (to compliment the flavor but not too much that it tastes sweet) On the left is the Peruvian ceviche with fresh mani mahi, lime, ginger, aji amarillo chile & plantain chips.. & the best chips, warm & freshly made w/the perfect amount of salt & thickness (not too thin & not too thick). The salsa trio that comes with your food is bomb (dark red smokey salsa and the green tomatillo are the best). Must try! @ The Forum Shops @ Caesars in Vegas, ask for Darlene if you want IMPECCABLE service.
5	Border Grill is amazing! Stopped in for lunch and were blown away! Marcus was our server and he was super personable and knowledgable about every menu item. Enjoyed lunch so much that we came back for Sunday brunch. Delicious! Will definitely be back the next time we're in Vegas!!!
5	Good food with excellent service. Brunch was tasty and the service put it over the top!
4	I went here randomly last night for my birthday dinner as It was the closest to us and we wanted Mexican. Good food. I am vegetarian so they gave us good options. I'd only expect it to have more flavor as it was a little bland.
5	Definitely better than anything in Caesars Palace.  First, they serve you chips and salsa.  I grew up in San Antonio and this was still the best chips and salsa I've ever had.For my entree I ordered the carne asada quesadilla.  The meat was tender and lots of it, just a hint of cheese, crema and a topping of guac and tomatoes.  Was a little salty, but quite quite good.  Texture was perfect - crispy outside, tender meat, luxurious guac.  Nice.  Rudy was my server, he was quick to refill my water glass, check in to see how I was doing and his food recommendations were spot on. Very happy.
4	Pretty new but off to a great start I think.  Service was outstanding, from menu suggestions to attentiveness.  Sampled some apps and ceviche  which was halibut tonight.  Very good with just the right level of citrus.  Guac  was solid but not to the praise level I saw in other reviews.  Maybe just an off nite or maybe I'm spoiled at home with my options.  Chorizo queso  was very good and not greasy like I've had many other places.  Ribeye sope  was very good.  Wish I had room for dessert as options looked good.  Thanks yelpers  for helping me.find this place.  PS it's on the street level.of Forum.Shops by first entrance when coming from Mirage.
4	Alex (our server) -- Thank you for taking a bad situation and turning it around. You are a great example of how you can save a poorly-executed meal with good service.We had a party of 10. Pre-dinner drinks were wonderful -- great mojitos, margaritas, tequilas and IPAs. Appetizers come out quickly, and tasty. Good stuff, especially the ceviches and the guac.Meals came out all at once. Not sure how it happened, but 1 of them came out room temparature and 4 of them came out cold, including a steak that was extremely rare (red bordering on purple inside). Alex apologized profusely and was able to get the dishes fixed and/or refired, but it took quite a while, so we weren't eating at the same time. He spent a lot of time apologizing and trying to make it right. He brought the GM out, comped 4 of our entrees, and comped us some desserts.The food itself was terrific. Duck breast mole was wonderful, as was the seafood stew, the short rib enchiladas, the achiote-roasted pork. Everyone enjoyed the meal, just not the process.Not sure why food came out cold. Place was only 1/3 full, although there was a big private party in the back. Maybe the kitchen just got hammered or lost their focus.So 5 stars for service, 4.5 stars for food and 1 star for the kitchen.
5	I had such a memorable experience here ! The GM of this restaurant is lovely and it shows that she cares about her customers and her employees. House guacamole is amazing, some sort of creamed corned tamales still have my mouth watering, the steak nachos are something to write home about - even the chips in this dish are special. The appetizers alone were fantastic and of course the entrees left nothing to be desired. I got to try quite a few due to our large group.Can't wait to come back for the Sunday tapa style brunch !!I'm sure any Border Grill is great but this one at forum shoppes is EXCELLENT!!!
5	such a great place, our waitress and the manager of the restaraunt was so nice and welcoming. amazing and fresh food. the fresh squeezed orange juice was fantastic.
4	Amazing food in a cool, casual setting! 4.5 stars.Went for a hangover-cure lunch and BG definitely delivered.  We were seated right away, and had a nice, attentive server.  Started out with the sparkling blood orange lemonade, which was super tasty!  Would make a fabulous cocktail if vodka or rum was added. ;)The chips and salsa were deeeeeee-lish.  And we're from San Diego, home of some of the best.  Loved that they gave us 3 salsas to try!  And loved the fresh-cut, hot chips!I ordered the crispy potato rajas tacos and my hubby got the Yucatan pork.  Both were pretty amazing.  I loved that his came on little soft-fried tortillas and had picked onions on them.  But mine were the show stealer.  I'm definitely not a vegetarian, but they sounded interesting, so I took a chance.  Glad I did - the filling was amazing.  The contrast between the crunchy outside and the creamy inside was on point!  Sooooo good.The only reason I had to take a 1/2 star off was for the beans and rice on our plates.  At first I was excited to have both red and green rice, but upon trying them I was very disappointed.  They were both undercooked and virtually flavorless.  The beans were also bland, and were almost cold.  Totally not a deal breaker, because our meals came with 3 tacos, and we had plenty of chips to fill us up.  But, being a Susan Feniger restaurant, I would expect a half decent side dish on my plate.All in all, we will totally be back.  I think next time for dinner, so we can try all the cocktails!  :)
4	I love Border Grill in Santa Monica so we were excited to try Broder Grill while i Vegas. Let me tell you first off this restaurant is at least a mile from the lobby. it is tucked in the far end of Caesars Palace and took forever to get too.Once we got there we were famished and went straight in to the Guacamole and the salsa and chips. The Guac was one of the best renditions I've had and the chips were the original double cut mexico tortilla chips. The 3 Salas were complex and flavorful and we killed the whole thing.My wife ordered the $16 chicken quesadilla which was diaapointing and I ordered the 3 taco (mini) combo. The Carne Asada was grass fed which I liked but it was covered in a garlicky sauteed spinach which killed it in a bad way. The ensenada fried fish taco was epic and the grilled fish taco was really good as well. The beans and rice were nothing special but I was still full from the Guacamole. The service was a 10 and would definielty come back to get the Guac and try some ceviches.
5	Simply awesome. A little bit off the beaten path inside Caesars, but well worth the extra walk. We liked the place so much we went back the next night!Everything is great from start (the chips and dips) to finish (the exotic ice cream flavors). Appetizers come in generous portions. And the ceviches have a healthy assortment of fresh veggies.I also have to echo another post here which praised the GM. She's keeping close watch to make sure everything is top notch.So stop debating whether or not to go. Just do it! You'll be glad you did.
5	We had enjoyed an amazing brunch at the original LV location in Mandalay Bay, so were excited to see the new location at the Forum Shops at Caesars, which is much more centrally located on the Strip.  We had lunch there today and were not disappointed.  The new space is clean and stylish, and though you will pay more than you would for taco truck or mission burrito fare, you really can't compare these beautiful and sublime plates to the mexican street food we are all used to.  We shared the carne asada nachos and the chicken poblano enchiladas.  Every bite popped with flavor and texture, the seasonings were spot on, and we kept eating long after we were full simply because the food was so delicious.  Can't wait to go back and try some other food next time we are in town, maybe next time we will cozy up at the ceviche bar?
5	Who would guess the one item that totally blew me away was the simple flour tortilla.  OMG.  Warm, buttery, melt in your mouth.  I live off of Mexican food and never had one like this before.  The service was awesome, thank you Perry!  The guacamole was very good, a little too much lime for me but didn't stop me from scraping the bowl for the last bits of it.  The chips were fresh, warm, salty and thick.  The three salsa selections were perfect with great flavors and just the right amount of heat.  The queso fundido with chorizo was heaven.  A scoop of that in the flour tortilla is a bite I'll remember for a long time.  We had the skirt steak and short rib enchiladas for entries.  The flavors, textures and sauces were incredible, and the skirt steak was cooked perfectly.  Finished off our feast with coffee and donuts, the donut being the best churro ever and the coffee being a wonderful espresso ice cream.  The place is difficult to get to but well worth the effort.  Can't wait to go back.
5	After our original plans for lunch fell through, my husband and I ended up venturing over to Caesar's to try this new spot one early December afternoon. Upon entering, they asked if we would like a table or if we would prefer to sit at the ceviche bar. Ceviche? Bar? Don't mind if I do. After scanning the menu, we decided on a couple of appetizery things (places to go, other things to eat): the queso fundido and the smoked mussel ceviche. We also had some of an autumn-spiced white sangria our server recommended (delicious!) We loved the queso fundido, full of chorizo and delightfully melted manchego. However, the ceviche was absolutely the highlight here. I'd never had a preparation quite like this. The slight spicyness with the smoky mussel flavor and sweetness from the mangoes came together perfectly. I want more!And a funny story, while enjoying our ceviche we were approached by someone I later figured out was Mary Sue Milliken. She was entirely too excited that we were sitting at the ceviche bar, because she loved the idea but was disappointed that not a lot of people sat there. She decided we needed to try a couple of the raw oysters, so she had the guy working the ceviche bar make some for us. They were, indeed, wonderful, and not just because they were free.Border Grill will definitely be a part of future Vegas excursions for us, and for you as well.
5	Awesome food the service is great. Decoration is nice, Mexican draft beer beat that, the music is at the right level and by the way is great
3	Growing up in California  may have spoiled me when it comes to Mexican food, so I definitely was not a fan and quite disappointed with my food. So were most of my party (12 total). Tried the -guac (bland for most of our tastes)-steak nachos (messy amd beans on the bottom?)-queso (watery)-steak quesadilla-veggie tacos/rajas (meh)Wish we had a better experience since we were showing first time visitors around.Server was a bit short with the service he was providing  too, though management and hostess were extremely friendly.
3	Most of the food was good, the place is attractive enough mostly because it has that really new feel.I'd say in general though it was pretty blah and the ceviche was way too sour.  Service was pretty slow and uninspired.The one in Santa Monica was way better and i think cheaper too.
5	My first yelp post ever because this place is ahhhhmazing. The unlimited brunch is so delicious. Glad they have one of these in California. Had lunch yesterday from the ceviche bar, so fresh and tasty. Do yourself a favor and come here. It's in Caesers Palace in the forum shops on the bottom floor. Not very visible especially since it's new. Glad we found this place!!!!
5	Had dinner there last night. It was amazing!  My waiter, John was the best - felt truly taken cared for. When I told him I was in Vegas to decompress after a deployment he gave me a huge welcome home hug!  Now the food; started with border grill classics -- yum - my fav was the empanadas and the quinoa fritter; tamale was just ok but John added a beef brisket flauta OMG!!! Yes!!! I decided to eat more - LOL - and ordered a carne asada quesadilla. All I can say is everything was off the chain!  Muaaah- thank you Border Grill!  This is a must eat place when-in Vegas!!!
4	Food is excellent, location is a little weird. Feels like you are eating in a mall because basically you are. If you are deciding if to go to the ceasers location or the Mandalay bay one go to the Mandalay Bay, only because it feels more like a nice restaurant.
5	Everything is amazing here! My Favorite dishes were their Queso Fundido with Chorizo served with warm flour tortillas, and their Ribeye was excellent. They have a wide selection of ceviches with different flavors and variations. We ordered sangrias, very strong. For desert we had beignets with chocolate sauce.
5	Last night, I took my parents to the Border Grill and it was an amazing dining experience.  All the food at the restaurant is prepared fresh, and you can taste the difference. We had the Yucatan pork the chili relleno and the short rib enchiladas. These are all excellent dishes. The chili relleno was the best I've ever tasted.  The Yucatan pork, of course, is a staple at the Border Grill, and it was excellent last night. The sweet corn tamales from the appetizer menu are beyond delicious. The server was friendly, engaged and attentive.  I highly recommend this place.
5	Simply amazing!!! Has a ceviche bar and they are the most hospitable Resturaunt I've ever been to. Very accommodating to food allergies, everything is made in house and from scratch! In house chefs, and delicious unique drink selection. The salsas are a tasty variety of 3 different kinds served with chips just to start. It is ABSOLUTELY worth every penny!! The flavors are delicate and plentiful, which mix beautifully!! Truly no words for how delicious and wonderful the food blends, mixed with an attentive waiting staff and polite hostesses. They truly understand their customer. I would hands down recommend this to anyone and everyone. You CANNOT go wrong. I rarely give such a review but they are entirely deserving based on their phenomenal attention to detail in every aspect.
5	I highy recommend the Border Grill for any of your three meals in Vegas. I have to specifically single out Randy and thank him for making our experience so wonderful. He was an absolutely amazing server who took our time at The Border Grill to the next level. My husband played Menu Roulette and Randy nailed it with Chicken Poblano Enchiladas. Oh my goodness, DELICIOUS! Nice choice! My parents ordered the Carne Asada tacos and the tortilla soup. They were very happy. I had the Grilled Fish tacos and they were great! I will definitely be eating here again and definitely be ordering the Poblano Enchiladas.
5	Since moving here from LA I have hunted Vegas for anything similar to the ever popular Bottomless Mimosa Brunch. This is the closest thing you can get and it just so happens to originate from LA! I recently dined here during their Saturday brunch. They have an amazing brunch menu that serves up "modern Mexican" cuisine with unlimited small plates for $34.99/ person as well as Bottomless Mimosas for an additional $10. Worth every penny! If your appetite and group is big enough you can savor and taste all 16 dishes. Each dish provides enough for 2-3 people to sample. Dishes range from savory and sweet so you can capture the best of both worlds. Few highlights for me were the Chilaquiles, Churro Tots, Egg White Oyster Rockefeller, and The Bacon Jalepeno PBJ which is one of the most interesting dishes to try! Forgot to mention, the delightful sweet empanadas and fruit plate you get as an appetizer prior to getting your food served which was all quite superb! Not only do they have bottomless mimosas for $10 but they offer 5 different flavors! My favorite is called The Corazon, which is mixed with blood orange, passion fruit and orange juice. Our server was Perry and be did an amazing job making sure my glass of Mimosa was never empty and anticipated the right times to take our next batch of order. The food came out at a reasonable time! Overall experience was excellent! Brought me right back home, best feeling in the world!
