5	Personally, I think Cochise Animal Hospital is great, but it may not be for everybody. Only one vet works here (though I think a new vet might have joined the practice recently) & it is a very small animal hospital. I love it none the less. Due to the small size, the vets & the vet techs really know their clients & are able to spend a little time with them. A couple of times when a vet tech wasn't available, the vet actually took the time to clip my dog's nails. I couldn't believe it. My last vet would have told me to come back later. There is one vet tech named Valerie (I am pretty sure) who is especially great. She is really into animal health & every time I stop by she weighs my dog & talks to me about how to keep her healthy. For example, during the summer when it was too hot to walk she worked with me on adjusting what my dog was eating so that she wouldn't put on too much weight. (For free.) This animal hospital is just a really "Main Street" style vet's office- heavy on the personal touch. They have fairly odd hours but a couple of times I have been offered appointments when they are supposed to be closed. If you need a vet with someone always on call, this is probably not the place for you given its small size. But if you are looking for an vet who really focuses on spending time with their clients & keeping them healthy from the get go, this is a great place.
5	I love this place! I've seen both vets and they are both amazing! They spent a lot of time with my dog and explained things in detail with me!It's also very affordable!!! I will be back again and again!!!
4	I used to take my dog to Banfield at Petsmart for several years, but I got tired of paying for a monthly plan that ultimately saved me very little money and being left to wait alone in a tiny room for an hour every time I came in. So when my plan expired I decided to try this little place in my neighborhood. The staff is friendly and personable (they actually recognize me and remember my name when I come in), the prices are reasonable and, most importantly, I've never had to wait more than 15 minutes to be seen. I definitely recommend it.
5	Took our birds for boarding.  Terrific stafftook good care of Ray and Buddy in a very clean environment!
5	We had a great experience here and will definitely be using Cochise Animal Hospital as our primary vet. The Dr. was very gentle and calm with our scared dog. He quickly diagnosed her infected toe and gave us a treatment plan. She is much better now. Our invoice showed "tender loving care" as one of the treatments she received that day. Such a cute touch.
5	The doctor and staff were extremely friendly and treated my Great Dane George like one of their own. The Doc got on his knees and played with George to make him feel loved and comfortable. George was diagnosed with Kennel Cough poor lil guy, but with meds and lots of love he will get better soon!  We are def going to use Cochise as our primary vet! I really loved that they were so gentle with him and kept him entertained while getting checked out.Great place highly recommend!  :-)
5	I just moved from Ohio to AZ and was looking for a place of comfort and sound advice for my Great Dane. I had my forst appointment today and came away pleased and felt blessed. I can tell the doctors have the best interest of your pet in mind, are not interested in excessive drugs or procedures and charge a very reasonable fee for their services. I only wish I could also be a patient!
5	This is the best vet I have ever had. Bella is 11 years old and Dr. T and his staff are amazing with her. I am so thankful to have found them. She has had several procedures done there within the past 2 years and every time they've been great. I highly recommend them.
5	I was in search of a new vet to take my American PItbull Terrier (Lucy) to.  The last doctor we took her to (because of a constant limp) suggested ACL surgery one visit, then the next said there was no way it could be her ACL.  We were not going to take her back there.I found Cochise Animal Hospital on Yelp and decided to give it a try.  It is a cute little facility with a very calm, cute hospital cat.  We didn't wait very long for assistance and the nice woman who saw Lucy suggested a natural healing approach rather than charging us for unneeded x-rays.  We were very thankful for her honesty and recommendation.  Lucy is feeling better now and we will be taking her back for all her doggy health needs!
4	My dad's lil guy Oscar was sick and not doing good and they were very helpful and attentive and were very good with Oscar.  I felt the prescriptions were a little pricey $28 for two pills and they were drugs I could have bought over the counter. I don't know. I don't buy drugs for dogs every day.  But overall they were good people!!
1	I was recommended to Cochise and wish I could take back time and have made another decision... I am disappointed to say the least from both the care my animal received and the customer service I encountered. So much more I could offer but strongly suggest considering other local options for your pet(s) needs!
