5	Nelson's Monument, located on the top of Carlton Hill, is in honour of (you guessed it) Admiral Nelson, hence its quite clever design as an upside-down telescope.  It was built in the early 1800 at a time of new prosperity for Edinburgh. On top of the monument is a time ball which is lowered and raised and acts as a time signal initially for the ships in Leith and in the Forth. Nowadays it is linked time wise to the One O'Clock Gun at Edinburgh castle.  I actually went to the top on a doors-open day one year and was blown away of the 360 degree view of the City and port of Leith- definitely worth it as you can see for miles! However, even if you don't flog all the way to the top, it's well worth heading up Carlton Hill to see it (and it's neighbouring monuments) and admire Edinburgh below!
5	Nelsons Monument rises out of Calton Hill like something out of the deep - so its safe to assume Lord Nelson would have m ost probably liked this monument himself.The monument is spectacular - the coloumn itself is a upside down telescope (very neat!) and on top of the plinth stands Nelson himself - its more than impressive. Get right up close to it and it will take your breath away.The views from the top must be spectacular, but as you can get up there you'll have to make do with the views down at the bottom - but saying as you are on Calton Hill, they are still special.Worth a visit - even if it is only just so you can say you have been there.
5	I'm going to keep this simple - if you're in Edinburgh and done all the touristy stuff and looking for that 'oh wow'....the x factor.....that something special, then make your way to Calton Hill and get involved in the Nelson Monument. I can't really say much more as it's all been said before me...but wow. just wow.
4	Honouring Nelson...Looming over the city...A great view at dusk!
5	Great value at 4 to get to the top of this - 143 steps gives you the best views all around Edinburgh. Good views all round - Arthurs Seat, Holyrood, The Castle, Forth Bridges, Leith and Fife and Bass Rock. Pick a clear day and you wont be disappointed. Superb - and probably better for views than Scott Monument
