2	Uggh...typical LCB store.  Bad selection, bad atmosphere, bad attitudes.
3	Its a smaller location but it still has all of the essential spirits. Not much else to say.
3	I typically drive a little further to the big store on N Highland for my boozy needs, but swing by this place occasionally.  Like October said, it's small but has pretty much everything you'll need. Having a liquor store across the street from the Geagle comes in handy when you're throwing together an Italian meal, and you've realized there's no more Chianti in the house.
3	They always have a stock of Jameson half gallons which the greenfield liquor store seems to not carry anymore.Its a smaller store but has all of the essentials and the employees are very personable.
2	It's not entirely the fault of the Wine and Spirits store that it sucks - it's Pennsylvania's fault.  When we moved here, it boggled my mind that this state (excuse me, "commonwealth") forces you to buy wine and liquor in state stores, and beer somewhere else entirely.  It is completely and utterly ridiculous.That being said, how can you rate a state store?  They all inherently suck given that they exist, so what are the criteria?  Well, at any wine/spirits shop in other states, I'd expect knowledgeable, helpful employees who are passionate about the product.  This store lacks that.  I expect a good selection of unique and interesting offerings.  This store also lacks that.  An atmosphere that's pleasant to shop in?  Forget it.  What this store does have is wine and booze around the block from my apartment, which is convenient.  Sometimes the cashiers are friendly and funny.  But that's about it.  I miss the pleasure of shopping in a real wine shop.  The state stores, this one included, pretty much suck the fun out of drinking.They have all the basics, but you won't find many specialty items here, excepting a few local wines.
2	If I need something for a party, and don't feel like venturing out too far, I stop by this location.  However they don't have a great selection of wine, or other types of liquors.  They care the basics as well as a lot of kosher products.  Service is like any other state operated liquor store :).
