5	I like german food and good German beer. Penn Brewery had both Their Penn Dark is GREAT.
4	Yes, their Oktoberfest is, by far, one of the best outdoor celebrations in Pittsburgh.But if it is sadly not September, there is still a reason to cross the river to the North Side. It is called happy hour. Honestly, things were better before the new drink tax--somehow, a 10 percent tax resulted in nearly a 17 percent price increase. But, regardless, I can't stop going. Every Monday - Thursday, from 5 - 7PM, there are specials. While the website still says that you can get at 22 oz. Penn Weizen on Wednesdays ("Weizen Wednesday!"), the last time we were there, we were charged $3.50. If you're not looking to spend a lot of money, but still want something to eat, an order of Goulash and a side of bread is enough to feed at least three people. Think of it as a gourmet chips and dip. Perhaps the best part, however, is the entertainment. Where else can you watch grown men in lederhosen play music and sing while you drink a huge beer?Until I came here, I thought beer chants were something from the Man Show.
3	If it is not Octoberfest, there is no reason to go. This place is completely overrated. The food is not good. I had pot roast and it was so sickly sweet. The schnitzel was overcooked to the point of mushy. It's not like the restaurant is supposed to be high end, but I expect more for $15 entrees esp. in Pittsburgh.Sure you can go for the beer, but Penn Brewery beer is widely available in  many bars. It's not like the Octoberfest food is that good either.. You go more for the party.
4	Love the beer, the outdoor courtyard is really great, octoberfest here is fun.
4	I will preface this by saying that I am almost a total non-drinker.  This is because of my type-1 diabetes.  But I still think that this is one of the most fun restaurants to go to in the 'Burgh!I really like the German food they have here.  Jenney C, you may have hit it on an "off" day because I had the pot roast here and mine was very good.  The seating arrangement here, done in the "Bierstube" (sp?) style, means you'll be sharing a table with strangers.  This is simply a fun place to bring out-of-town guests and the prices, while seemingly a bit high, really aren't out of line.
4	I went here a couple times for this years Oktoberfest.  Even though it was raining and chilly there was a huge turn out of people as well as a huge parking nightmare.  If you go on a Sunday you definitely miss the traffic, but you also miss the wall-to-wall people, so whichever is your preference.  (Although the poorly maintained parking lot almost knocked off part of my car).  I did enjoy the crowded beer drinking atmosphere, and they even had extra porta-poties for the masses.  If you prefer the great indoors, the women's bathroom was in a shambles, but well impressively maintained for the constant line of 10 people for hours and hours.  The Oktoberfest beer was great, and $15 for a half gallon was great for sharing.  I also had their dark beer which didn't impress me as much as I expected, but was still drinkable. The food was very German and very tasty.  Three of us had an appetizer platter, and 3 main courses, I got the 'Wurst Platte', and with a round or so of beers the total was around $100.  The sharp taste of the meats and pickles paired well with the beer. The outside was a great place to drink and hang out with friends, albeit loud and occasionally a bit too close for comfort on a Friday, but quite tranquil and family friendly on Sunday.  The inside was full of warm wood,serenades  from men in lederhosen, and a view to the brewtanks.
4	Love their Oktoberfest and Penn Dark, unfortunately service wasn't the best and the Pittsburgh salad was just ok.  Should have known their french fries wouldn't have been up to par considering it's a German Restaurant.  The pretzels were amazing though.A few years back I went for Oktoberfest and a brewery tour. Great tour, great band, and of course, great beer!
4	i remember this place in the days when it was called the allegheny brewery and pub.  it is actually called the penn brewery and pub now.  the food and beer has stayed the same but the music venue has changed.a great place for german style beer brewed locally in da burgh.  food is decent mix of german style foods and american pub classics.  best beers are oktoberfest, st niklaus bock, and of course the penn pilsner.back in the day there was a band that played regularly here called the barons, they were the best pub band ever!!!  they would start the evening with german folk songs and then their style of polka would get your feet rocking and your palate thirsty for the pilsner.  that all warmed you up for the final set of classic 60's dance tunes.  nowadays the restaurant has a german violin accordian duo on wednesdays, and solo accordian on saturdays.  not the same band but still love that music.definitely can't miss this place on oktoberfest, lively, festive, lots of folk dancing.  if you are really into polka, browse polkareview.com  they even have one of the barons CDs on their sale list called german sampler.
5	While visiting my hometown and family for the holidays I stopped by Penn Brewing to pay my final respects.  You may or may not know that after almost 23 years they are shutting it down as a result of raised rents on the space that they occupy which happens to be a century old brewery (the old Eberhart and Ober brewery on the Pittsburgh North Side).  If you are interested here is the latest story http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/08346/934287-46.stm  I won't go into it here as it has nothing to do with the review other than if  you are interested in their beer, food and atmosphere you better get over there and try it as the official last day of restaurant ops appears to be February 28, 2009.  They've brewed the last batch of beer on site as of late November and according to the article above will be dismantling the beautiful brew house.  I expect that the last two months will not be up to the standards that we've known for 23 years.Other than my good byes I went to taste their Christmas seasonal the St. Nikolaus Bock. Which lived up to it's long standing standards.  Rich, roasty and complex this beer is the perfect pint or liter on a wet, cold winter afternoon.  I sat and enjoyed a couple while taking in for the last time the sights and sounds of the beer hall and beautifully displayed brew house.  Tom Pastorious (Founder) did a great job of converting this space to an authentic German beer hall complete with the rows of long tables and benches - I don't dare say picnic tables because they aren't.  When I walked in yesterday afternoon (December 26th) the place was packed but we elbowed our way to seats at the bar.  The crowds just complete the ambience and the feeling of being in an actual German bier hall.  We met two strangers at the bar and chatted for a good 30minutes - they were from out of town as well enjoying their final holiday pilgrimage to Penn Brewery.  After my first liter I grabbed the menu  (being the sucker for German food that I am) knowing what I would find on it having been here numerous times over the years.  Lynne and I split the JaegerSchnitzel as an afternoon snack.  It was served with a mini loaf of rye bread which was fresh, crunchy on the outside, warm and chewy on the inside and useful for mopping the wonderful mushroom laden sauce that makes this well - Jaeger and not just Viener Schnitzel.  A side of mashed potatoes and a side of red cabbage accompanied the schnitzel - both very good.  Yes, I'm on a plan next week - tis the season!  I've had other dishes here before.  The sausages as I recall are very good.  If you like/desire German fare and appreciate craft brewed beer this is a great destination.Just as an aside Penn Brewery as they have for years made a showing at the Great American Beer Festival, Penn won two medals: a gold for Kaiser Pils and a bronze for Oktoberfest.  I doubt that they will be able to continue this tradition as The Lion will be contract brewing their beers which we all know means the possibly the quality and character can be impacted.  Let's keep our fingers crossed that they find a new location and can get back to their artisanal ways!  Auf Wiedersehen Penn Brewery!  at least and hopefully for a very short period of time.
4	Penn Brewery was my destination after a long day's work in Pittsburgh.  I arrived around 9pm on a Tuesday and grabbed a seat without a problem.  I sat at a table right near the glass separating the eating area and the fermenting tanks.  Very cool view there.I forgot what I ordered, specifically, although I do know it was some sort of sandwich.  The fries here were awesome and so was the Penn-Weizen!  I had a 22oz glass and almost ordered another, but sadly declined because I had to leave quickly after eating.The view of the brewery is pretty sick once you arrive.  It almost looks sketchy at night, but that's just because it has an old warehouse look to it and I walked down the alleyway to enter the brewery.
4	If you are looking for a Brew Pub with character, then you definitely want to come to Penn Brewery (Hofbrauhaus feels corporate and like it is trying way too hard).  Penn Brewery IS OPEN despite rumors that it might have to move. (I was there last weekend).  The beer is tremendous and the food is actually quite nice (I had ribs that were melt in my mouth yummy).  I definitely recommend this for dinner, especially when they have musicians.
1	Really overrated for 'German' food'. They used to be good, but in the past year or so the food had really gone down hill and the prices are not reasonable. The beer used to be my reason to go, but ven the beer is not brewed there anymore. I wish they did not sell out to a group that may shut down the restaurant. Go to Max's down the street for better food and support a local business. With this management they will not be around for long.
4	Great place for a good German beer.  The Saint Nicholas Bock is one of my favorite seasonal brews. It's a great place to listen to live music and enjoy beer.
1	This place is not what it once was. it is a shell of its self, with outsourced beer production, canned food, and bad service. Sorry to be so negative, it has earned it however.
5	This is, easily, one of the best brewpubs in the country. You can probably find better beer elsewhere, and you can certainly find more selection and more interesting beers elsewhere (even in Pittsburgh), but the collection of good food, great beer, great atmosphere and a really venerable history.Sit out on the patio, drink a pilsner and eat some sausage. I don't know that there's a better way to spend an evening in Pittsburgh.
3	The night before we went here I had a Penn Dark at a bar.  It was very good, but I rarely drink dark beer.That being said I was very excited to go to the brewery and have some good German food and beer.  We were seated very quickly and the waitress was nice, but said a guy who was busy would be our waiter....seems that didn't happen as she came right back to take our order.We order a brezel (Pretzel with beer cheese), and I got a schnitzel sandwich and a Penn lager.  The food came before the appetizer.....guess she was busy too.  The brezel and schnitzel sandwich were fantastic.  The food here is top notch and in my opinion saves this place.  My lager however was awful.  So bitter, I barely got through it.I decided to get the Octoberfest beer a shot as I tried my girlfriends Penn Gold and thought OK, not great.  The Octoberfest was better, but still awfully bitter and just not very tasty.I'd go back for the food, but Hofbrau definitely has them on the beer.
3	Food: 2 stars.  Beer: 4 stars.  Service: 3.5 stars.As an East-Ender I must admit I rarely venture to the North or South Side.  And while I've had many a Penn Brew, I've never made it to their restaurant until last night.  In one word: underwhelmed.While the building, outdoor seating, and general ambiance were exactly what we were looking for, the food was a huge disappointment.  We were actually pretty excited looking at the menu before we left, but little did we know... In ordering the Vegetarian Smoked Bratwurst our server all but refused to bring it for me.  He declared it "nasty" and that 50-60% of those ordered end up going back to the kitchen and commenced to try to sell me a garden burger or veggie panini.  I finally gave in and ordered the Pierogi Platter hoping to get something else vegetarian to share with my partner.  I wish I would have ordered the bratwurst.  At first, I was enthused by the serving size but little did I know... what laid before me were 6 dry fish pierogies with a dismissive pile of cold caramelized onions.  I should have sent it back at first bite, but second guessed my own reading of the menu.  When the second pierogi was potato, I decided just to eat them only to find the last 4 to also to be the dry cold fish stuffing.  I didn't eat the last two, we were on a tight schedule and I'm generally too polite to send a mistake like this back.  My partner had the kasespaetzle and while decent, didn't seem true to the spaetzle I've had many times in southern germany.That said, the beer was quite lovely.  I had the Weizen and my partner the summer berry weizen.  Both well carbonated, flavorful and quite refreshing.General menu overview: 5-6 apps from $5-8.  A few salads, 6-8 entrees from $9-20 a few sandwiches and a few desserts.
2	I experienced the Penn Brewery for my first time, and I had a good time with my friends and drank some good beer, but the food just wasn't up to snuff.First things first, the beer.  I had a couple St. Nikolaus Bock Bier's and I thoroughly enjoyed them.  It was dark, malty, and tasty.For dinner I had the wienerschnitzel w/ spaetzle.  The wienerschnitzel was dry and had a metallic taste to it, and the spaetzle, depending on the bite, was okay or just burnt tasting.I will definitely go back to drink, and maybe much on a couple things, but never again for dinner.
4	After trying their Oktoberfest (and thoroughly enjoying it) at other Pittsburgh locations, my family and I decided to come and check out the Penn Brewery for an afternoon feast and some brews. Shockingly, they were completely out of their Oktoberfest and it was only early October. (And yes I am completely aware that Oktoberfest traditionally takes place in September not October, but totally not my point). The fact is, if you're an established brewery you should know how much to brew of your seasonals as to satisfy the masses well into the fall months.We ended up doing a flight of 9 of their other beers. I particularly enjoyed the Penn Pilsner and Penn Dark but was not very impressed by many of their others. However, I'm not a huge fan of hops and high gravity beers and their were quite a few of these on the flight. However, in my mind since I've tried both their Oktoberfest and their seasonal St. Nikolaus Bock (also phenomenal) their beer is still pretty stellar in my opinion.We ended up getting a bunch of different things and sharing them for lunch. We had the traditional pierogi platter, the potato pancakes, the goulash soup, a side of spatzle, several sides of German potato salad, and the schnitzel sandwich. I was particularly impressed with the German potato salad, which was served warm and was absolutely delicious. The schnitzel sandwich was also excellent. It was a breaded pork cutlet, served with grilled peppers, onions, and mushrooms, and topped with a vinegar slaw, Swiss cheese, and Dijon mustard. Sadly, the day was rainy and we weren't able to enjoy the outdoor courtyard. However, sitting on the large wooden benches with a view of the brewing system through a large glass window was wonderful.  I would certainly recommend checking this place out!
4	Before writing this review, I have to admit, I only went once and I didn't order a full meal.However, I did drink a lot of beer and I watched my friends eat and it looked fantastic!So, the thing I can talk about: the beer. DEE-lish! But, really, were we expecting anything less? I hear this place has a great Oktoberfest celebration (at the end of September mind you) and I'm going to have to make a special trip back for that. The Weisen is pretty fantastic, I totally recommend that.Then there was the food. The happy hour special was half off apps, so that's what I got. Unfortunately I was not a fan. I'm not sure if it's because I didn't really want an app (I wanted food food) but I got it anyway cause it was on special (I'm always looking for a deal - in fact, I might have to change my nickname here to that!). So I got the chicken tenders and pretzels with beer cheese and honey mustard. None of it was really appetizing. Mainly, I can't eat the pretzels but I had a small bite and it tasted pretty awesome. If I could eat bread, I'd probably just have gotten that.I should have gotten the pierogies. My friend got the dessert - pumpkin pierogies (seasonal only) - and I had a taste...omfg. DEE-lish! Topped with whipped cream and toasted nuts. If you're around and they have it, save room. oh. I think I just drooled on myself a little...I took a quick trip to the restrooms (I mean, I was drinking a lot!) and I saw other tables' food orders and it all looked good. I will definitely be going back again (not just because there's a cute boy that lives within walking distance!) but because I HAVE to go try their food.
2	Do yourself a favor and enjoy a good meal BEFORE you arrive. The restaurant is lovely. Great lighting - loads of warm wood. The staff s super friendly and nice. The beers are fantastic. but the food? pretty awful. My husband opted for the steak frites - the fries were excellent but the steak? greasy and about as flavorful and tender as chewing on an old leather shoe. I ordered the Sauerbraten with kraut and german potato salad. what arrived was two slabs of hard, grey meat that lacked any flavor (hello? season your food, please) and was dry and tough. i was so hungry that i forced down half of it but just could not manage to talk myself into choking down the other piece. The potato salad was pretty good but the kraut was awful - no flavor. ugh. the plate was a mess. at the end of the meal we were comped dessert due to table shuffling and big parties arriving etc... the chocolate raspberry cake was excellent, I suspect brought in and they make a good cup of coffee. All in all, come for the beer but pack a sandwich. I would be hard pressed to every find myself inside Penn Brewery otherwise.
4	Came up here on Wednesday for a little supervisory luncheon (and note to the taxpayers, we did pay for it ourselves).  Penn Brewery is probably one of the oldest microbreweries/brew pubs around.  I can't vouch for their beers since I'm a non-drinker but their lunches here are really good.  Penn Brewery is meant to emulate a German bierstube and the atmosphere here is just so gosh darn fun, it almost doesn't matter if the food is any good.Well not quite.  Who wants to eat lousy food? I can't remember what the others ate, but we did start off with an order of  Penn Brewery beer cheese, flavored with their house brew.  I believe one of my coworkers had the scnitzel sandwich but I went for the sausage baguette--a grilled bratwurst with sauerkraut.  Mmmmm, I love stinky food!  Kiss me Rick, darling!
4	If you're in the mood for a German bierhalle with good beer & solid food, this is your spot. Large tables with big wooden benches & equally big servings of food & beer. I grew up in Germany, & the food was definitely true to style. Not necessarily the best German food I've had in the States, but still very good--& reasonably priced.All of the brews were good, but the dark, malty doppelbock--St Nik, I think--was delicious. The beer bumped it up to 4 stars.
2	While my family was in town for Christmas, we decide to go to Penn brew on a Wednesday night for dinner. Of the 6 of us who ordered, 4 of us could not get what we wanted because the restaurant had run out. We were informed that they were out of all pierogies(in all varieties), all spaetzle, and vegetarian sausage. We were only informed that the potato and cheese pierogies were out after two people order them. The wait staff, although trying to be accommodating , seemed a bit over their head and there seemed to be a complete disconnect between the front and back of the house.When the orders finally arrived, one of the orders was wrong, making 5 out of 6 orders not what people wanted. Keep in mind that this was at 7:30pm, not late night when I would expect a restaurant to run out of food.The food that did arrive was pretty mediocre. The steak sandwiches were tough and dry. The fries were good. The salads had too much red onion. The potato soup was bland except for being too salty. The appetizers we had were pretty good but the grilled veg that cam with the hummus was cold.The only thing positive of this visit was that the beer was good.
2	Went in for dinner on a Wednesday night. I didn't drink anything because I wasn't in the mood. But, I'd come back and get something to drink and have an appetizer. We started out with the pretzels and beer cheese. It came out with two large pretzels and a container of the dip. It tasted good and may have been the highlight of my meal. For dinner I ordered the Polish hill plate and my boyfriend ordered the Schnitzel. My order came with three pierogis a kielbasa and some sauerkraut. Overall my meal was just bland. I wasn't sure if the food was made in house, as there wasn't anything that stuck out as being made on the spot. The pierogis didn't have much flavor and the kielbasa was tasty, but had little flavor unless it was dipped in the spicy mustard. The Schnitzel was fine. Not bad but not really good. The spatzle was fine.Our waitress was nice, seemed a bit overwhelmed but was constantly refilling drinks and running around. Overall the food was mediocre. I think I'd be disappointed if I'd spent 15 dollars on my meal but thankfully I had a groupon. I'll go back but just for drinks and maybe a pretzel or two.
4	First stop from the airport was Penn Brewery. My bestie McGee is a big brewpub fan, and he had been planning to bring me here since he discovered it upon his moving to the North Side. It's a great place! Any spot where you can saddle up to the bar and strike up a conversation with locals, get to know the story behind the place, sample some local specialties- the appeal factor for me is unforgettable. The staff were a friendly bunch, all happy to share suggestions and let me sample some seasonal offerings. The food did not disappoint either. We had Pierogis (Polish dumplings) and Potato Pancake to share. Pierogis are not a typical West Coast specialty, so in my humble opinion, all I can say is they were good, and went well with the beer. I'd say this place is good for an out of towner looking for some direction on what local brews are worth your time. Even though we sampled some smaller bits from the menu, I'd also venture to say the mains are probably worth a shot too. I am sure I'll be back at the Penn Brewery just as soon as I breeze back through my favorite drinking city on the map.
4	Last weekend our travels took us to the West side of PA, a little known town by the name of Pittsburgh.  While visiting friends and family, the minute we walked into the door before our bags even hit the floor, our hosts said 5 words.  "Let's go to a brewery."  The dude abides.  So despite just getting out of a car we were in for 7+ hours, it was right back into one, as we headed to Penn Brewery.On the north side of town, Penn Brewery is the Burgh's oldest and largest brew house, and we were happy to pay a visit.  As you see from our photos, its attempts to model itself after European Beer gardens is a welcome sight.  Apparently this part of town was heavy on the German settlers, so they had their influences correct.  But how was the beer?  Here are a few we sampled with some notes.1.  Penn Pilsner - this is their flagship.  They pride themselves on it.  A German style brewery prides itself on a Bohemian style beer.  Interesting.  They claim it's smooth & mellow.  I was not alone at our table when I say it was neither.  It was bitter, it was in your face hops, it was heavy.  Light to the eyes, heavy to the gut.  Not a fan.  This was a NO.  2.  Penn Dark - This one would be more my style.  Dark, heavy, Munich style Dunkel.  It had what a dark should have.  Roasty malt scents and flavors, a bit of bitter countered with a bit of sweet, still a little heavy on the hops, but a big improvement over the Pilsner.  This was a YES.  3. Penn Weizen - We are all familiar with this style, the nice Bavarian wheat.  Several award winner according to them, including a Men's Journal top 25 beers in America.  Bold statement.  But it stood up to the test.  This is one of my favorite styles, I could tell easily if you screwed it up.  Penn gets a YESon this one.   4. St. Nikolaus Bock - Very malty, extremely dark and heavy, warming gut, sweetness to the taste and the nose, this was the one.  If we had had this one around Christmas time it may have been a winner.  Or very close 2nd.  This was a good one, my fave of the day, and would definitely get again.  YES.Unfortunately the road weariness played a huge part in how few beers we sampled this night.  But what started out negatively with the Pilsner, ended very strong with the Nikolaus.  Penn Brewery is more than OK in our books.Wrap Up;Had some TVs ready to watch the Pens game, decent different beers, and nice menu of apps.  Good alternative to a sports bar for sure.
3	I ate here for dinner this past Thursday night with a dining companion.  The decor of the restaurant makes it look like a beer hall from Germany with long benches and tables.  You are also able to see a fermentation tank which is nice since you are at a brewery.For dinner my dining companion and I started off by sharing the Buffalo Chicken Pierogi appetizer.  I was excited about them and they did not disappoint with every part being very good, especially the chicken filling.  For my entree I ordered a beef roll that came with braised red cabbage and German potato salad.  The potato salad ended up being the best part of the meal for me with the beef roll being average and the red cabbage disappointing.  The reason for this being that it had a very strong tasting spice that I could not completely identify (caraway maybe?) which I have never had in red cabbage before.  So in the end the pierogi appetizer stole the show for myself.The bottom line for me is that I would probably head back here again.  There were plenty of items on the menu that I would like to try and the appetizer was good enough that they still intrigue me.
4	We were here most recently for the Yelp party, so keep in mind that a place that is giving you free food and beer almost always wins.  It's an excellent business model to get good reviews, but quite awful if you have any interest in making money.However, I have been here before, and it's really cool in just about every way.  The coolest being was that it was an actual Civil War era brewery apparently, and has a bunch of secret catacombs that they used to store ingredients, and quite possibly, dead bodies.You can schedule a little mini-tour of the brewery, which is pretty cool as well.  The food is good to very good, and the beer is really awesome.  The only bad thing is parking.  There is an attached garage, so if you make it in there, you're safe.  If you don't there's a terrible unpaved, unmarked lot that takes you across a street that has a blind curve and cars driving a million miles an hour.  I lost many frogs trying to get across that road, and my heart aches for each of my dead friends.  But we did make it across eventually and had a wonderful time.
4	Love this place.  The atmosphere is great and so are the beers (highly recommend the 10 beer sampler so you can find out what you like).  The German food is also top notch.  Being of the Schnitzel loving persuasion, I was in heaven.  The piece was as big (or bigger) than my face.  The Kartoffelsalat and Spaetzle were really well done.Had to sit at a small bar table, as the place was packed, so maybe get there early?  Not really an issue otherwise.
4	great beer good food
5	Great service, beer, food & tour!   I had the 10 beer sampler.  Our waitress here, Dawn brought out a couple of additional tastes...personal favorites of hers and other staff. NICE!We tried the basket: pretzels, beer cheese, beer battered chicken strips and honey mustard dip.  that fed two of us just fine!  Then Dawn introduced us to Dave who I believe to be a brewer.  Dave gave us a quick tour of the place and broke down some history of the establishment and the hill it sits on.He was great.  He can read the bewilderment on your face and dumb the tour down or kick it up to geek level and answer technical questions from beer nerds or the weekend afficionado.Best PIT-stop yet on my weekend visit to Pittsburgh.
4	Great place for lunch. Had the kielbasa rueben, the buffalo chicken perogies, and the pretzels with beer cheese.Both the kielbasa rueben and the pretzels with beer cheese were melt in your mouth goodness that take you to a happy euphoric place. Perogies were ok. Definitely will be adding it to the roster.
4	Penn brewery has improved immensely, now that they've abandoned their "German Purity Law" brewing roots.  They are now brewing good, experimental beers as well as their usual house beers. Every month when I've stopped in, they've had something new.  For those of you out of town, Penn is somewhat of a Pittsburgh success story.  They had a rough time a few years back, but the original owner bought back the company and reopened the brew-pub (they were contract brewing for a short while.)  The actual building itself is really cool, and during the summer the outdoor beer garden is open...it sort of feels like you're sitting in an old castle...not too many places where you'd get that feeling in Pittsburgh.  I've eaten here a few times, and while I'm definitely not blown away by the food, it's decent, and it of course goes great with their beer.  They have large portion sizes so don't order too much.  Their hot potato salad, although a little odd, is surprisingly addicting.  Happy hour here is worth mentioning as well . Beers are $3, apps are half price, and on Thursday they do "Beers & Brats" with $5 brats.  I'd go to Penn over Church Sucksworks any day of the week.
2	Great beer. So-so food!
4	After many visits to Penn Brewery, I have to say I'm usually more a fan of their food than their beer.  Their seasonals are often my favorites, like the Oktoberfest.  I've also recently discovered their Summer Berry Weiss and enjoyed it so much that I finally purchased a Penn Brewery growler.They make some pretty tasty German fare here that never disappoints.  My go-to has often been the amazing sausage platter.  On my most recent trip I did a 180 and went for the Beer Garden Burger and could not have been happier with the selection.  I'm far from being a vegetarian, but this burger was something I would definitely eat again.  They also host some awesome events such as their own Oktoberfest, a Brewfest featuring other local/regional offerings and most recently the Northside Sandwich Sampler.  Thursdays during the summer they have the Beer Garden open for cheap drinks and food.  I've been here when it's jam-packed busy and I've been here when I thought they were closed because there were only two other patrons.  Not much of a bar area, but tables both upstairs and down.  Regardless of the time of day or number of other customers, the service, food and beer have always been good.  Drink local.
5	I forget what kind of beer I had, but it was potent and really good. I loved Darren's pierogis and chili. The beer cheese is addictive. My entree, the Rouladen, was a tender, moist winner of a meal and was served in a generous portion. Stupid me had the other half boxed up and then forgot it! Our server was really, sweet, fun, and talked our ears off.
4	4.5 Stars. It's been years since my first visit to Penn Brewery, so I wanted to refresh my memory while I was back in the area. First, it's not in the most convenient location up on Troy Hill, but still pretty easy to get to from either Route 28 or I-279. Parking is a little on the rough side, in a gravel lot across the street. That's apparently an issue for some, but I could care less...it's free! Can't say that about very many places in the city.After walking through the courtyard and walking up the stairs, I noticed the lunchtime crowd wasn't too busy. I read through the Penn Brew drafts listed on the chalkboard behind the bar and decided to try the Penn Dark (of course). The I looked at the menu and saw this:"Bacon Brew Dog: A natural-casing hot dog stuffed with fresh jalapenos, wrapped in bacon, then deep-fried and topped with BBQ sauce, shredded cheddar Jack cheese, and vinegar slaw in a hot dog bun."  SAY WHAT!?  I told the bartender that's what I wanted and he grinned and said "Oh, those are really good. I haven't had one in awhile. Nice choice."Long story short, it was awesome! I probably could've eaten two of them, albeit I would've paid the price for it dearly later on. The friendly bartender also let me sample some of the other brews, including Penndemonium (Brewer's Choice Series) and Summer Berry Weiss (seasonal), both smooth, refreshing and sweet.I'm very happy I revisited Pittsburgh largest and oldest brewery, but slightly bummed I missed out on their $3 Happy Hour drafts. Good thing to remember for next time.
4	Menu could use a little update, and expanded upon. The beer very good and their oktoberfest celebration is something I highly recommend attending (last 2 weekends of sept)
4	A visit to Penn Brewery is a must if you are a beer lover like me.A choice of 5 or 10 beer flights! I was tempted to try them all out but unfortunately my travel mates are not beer drinkers... (pop/water drinkers). My beer flight ($10) even includes their Okotober Bier... which is one of my fave out of all!Sausage Platter ($7.95) with hot German potato salad on the side. The sourness of the salad does need to get use to but it is great to balance the meatiness of the sausages.My next trip for sure will include a Happy Hour stop here at Penn Brewery! $3 for a Pint and 1/2 off appetizer... that's would be such a sweet deal.
4	Lederhosen Optional!My first visit was Oktoberfest.  Oktoberfest was a blast! Great people, good beer, and tons of character / atmopshere for the event.   Penn Brewery throws a great party.   I have been to some pretty large Oktoberfest (Cincinnati) where all of downtown is closed.    This place had all the character and fun as the larger festivals.The place was packed - always a good sign.   The beer was awesome.   I did not try the food - but it looked good as well.Beer - Great Variety, Good Value, and Great Service (Served by the brewmasters themself)Price - Pretty good but will wait until "post Oktoberfest)Atmosphere - Very neat.   a little courtyard, inside was nice / very German feelOverall - a great place to check out.   I will be back.
4	This is one of the spots I feel lucky we have in the Burgh! I mean, really lucky considering it shuttered its doors for a number of years and reopened semi-recently. You can't beat this fun of an environment. Toss away the generic Hofbrauhaus get to a Pittsburgh legacy! I love the fun German beer hall feel with the large picnic size tables that just beckon you to sit down with an even larger brew!I love German food, but there's a really good opportunity to screw it up. Have you ever noticed a lot of the colors of German food blend together? Sauerkraut, perogies, mashed taters (is that German? Whatever!), they all look the same! So making them taste good is a must! I'm a big fan of the perogies - a buttery delicious mixture in a lovely little dumpling. While I'm not really a fan of their sauerkraut, it's too sweet for me, I know some people like it that way (I like mine a little on the sour side). Throw in a pretzel with their beer cheese and some grilled kielbasa and I'm one happy German camper!I'm a fan of their Penn Pilsner and a big big big fan of their special Chocolate Meltdown, which they debuted last Valentines Day. Now I'm telling you right now, you get yourself to Penn Brewery AS SOON as that comes out this year!The other thing that's awesome about this place is that they throw a ton of events. Nevermind their month long Oktoberfest, they host bands every couple weeks that jam out inside and out. Speaking of which, they have a great outdoor courtyard for sitting with your fave brew! And to that I say, oh! oh! oh!
2	I really wanted to like this place, but going to a brewery and they hand you a menu and tell you they only have 3 beers available?! FAIL! Especially when they are out of their seasonal Oktoberfest beer-and its Oktober...you're a brewery, you know the demand for somehting like this. Anyway, service was mediocre, we moved to a larger table when some family arrived, I had to ask 4 times to include 2 beer stiens into the bill. The bill arives (finally) no stiens were listed. I asked our waitress AGAIN...it took her forever to come back, I figured she was hand blowing them in the back. I contemplating walking over to the bar and helping myself but I refraiend. All in all, if I'm ever in town again I most likely wont come here. It was a total let down.*sad face*
3	The food and the beer were good, the service was ok, and the restaurant itself looked, smelled, and sounded like an oversized bar. There was live music there and even before they started, the people downstairs were very loud...to the point we couldn't hear each other across the table.
2	I had a German meal and it was very good.  The beer choices were limited to 5 draft brews and some bottled beer.  The beer was okay not outstanding.  They need to create small experimental beers to bring some excitement to an otherwise un-interesting beer selection.  No Oktoberfest or pumpkin beers.  The service was unequal.  Prompt attention upon arrival on a slow Thursday night.  The waiter disappeared when I wanted to pay.  He mumbled something about having to run some cases.  Other waiters ignored me even though I was standing right by the bar and register. I will not return to this place, there are too many other better restaurants in the area.
1	Worst place ever!  So disappointed and will never waste my time going back. How are you a brewery but are out of all your beers?  Not only are you out of beers but half the menu was unavailable. The only thing available were frozen veggie burgers and really thin fried pork. Service was pretty bad too. I'll just stop there. Good luck to those who choose to go!!!
4	Gosh, you must be sick, sick, sick of hearing about this everlasting road trip from Huntington Beach, CA to Philadelphia, PA. Well, if not, thank you for still reading! It took 5 days to get from Surf City to Steel City. We arrived at the Inn at the Mexican War Streets, a gothic mansion purchased in the early 80s by the existing owners for $100k, who, later got it appraised to have $100k worth of blood marble in around the fireplace alone. Nonetheless, it's an incredibly luxurious bed and breakfast for a fantastic price and an opportunity to be part of Pittsburgh's rich history. The mister and I urban hiked to Penn Brewery, and while I don't have much to say about their beers besides being reminiscent of Budweiser, I do have to say their pretzels were delicious. Chewy and soft inside, the outside provided a pleasantly lye ridden crust. The Original Penn Beer Cheese - basically sharp cheddar blended with cream cheese and Penn pilsner - has become a memorable favorite cheese with the husband. I thought it had a nice bite, but nothing too crazy special. For $4.95 for two large pretzels and a good dose to beer cheese, Penn Brewery gets thumbs up for their knot, not for their beer.
2	Good atmosphere and architecture. Weisen beer was good although bottled. Had every appetizer last night for a work party and every one was bad. Beer cheese pretzel had a side of cheese if I didn't know better was cheez wiz.t
4	I've been wanting to try Penn Brewery since I moved to Pittsburgh.  I've heard good things about both the food and the service.  I finally made it there last weekend and was pleased with my visit.  I initially tried to visit last weekend, but it was so packed there was over an hour wait for a table, so we decided to return in the future but with reservations.  I was glad I had made them because even fairly early they were crowded.  They have happy hour specials from 5-7 which include half price appetizers and beer and drink specials.  Because of the specials, we tried the Buffalo chicken pierogies, potato pancakes and the beer cheese.  All were fantastic!  Being from Buffalo, I was especially excited to try the Buffalo Chicken pierogies since I've never had anything like them before.  My only complaint is that they were slightly dry, but the flavor was fantastic.Entrees were the weinerschnitzel and sausage platter.  Both were very tasty, however my schnitzel was a bit dry (remedied by eating it with bites of the cabbage).  I was going to order it with the sauce, but the server advised it is bitter and almost no one likes it.  I'm glad he gave me the tip, but if no one likes it, you would think they would change the recipe to improve that aspect.  Oh well.Service was good.  Almost too good in that all of our food came out very quickly.  We had other places to be that evening, so in the scheme of things, it wasn't a bad thing, but to some degree, we almost felt rushed.Beer was amazing.  Had the nut roll ale and the Christmas blend.  I wish I would have bought some to take home with me.There will be a return visit.
3	The outside looked a bit shady where you had to enter in from some side entrance between the building and the next...The service was amazing - the waiter was fantastic and brought out our food in great fashion. The food on the other hand was just....okay. It didn't blow me away then again I ordered vegetarian at a German restaurant. Go figure. The Pierogies weren't anything special - just regular potato. The pretzels themselves weren't that spectacular either, the thing that made them was the cheese which had a thicker consistency similar to Velveeta...All in all I wouldn't give my left arm to come here again.
2	I really wanted to love this place. Hell. I used to love this place. For the food, anyway. I'm not a beer drinker, but I'm into eating food. The service here, however, leaves something to be desired.On previous visits to Penn Brewery we've enjoyed dining outside and have enjoyed the food. This week, we were excited there was a Craft Beer Week event here and the collaboration beers had the BF all in a tizzy. We made our way there (in rush hour and everything!), parked in the mini garage and made our way inside. Inside, it was a madhouse. The bar was jam packed. The tables were full. The hostess stand was abandoned. We awkwardly stood at the hostess stand since we were hoping to get some food while we were there. No one came, and no one came. When an employee finally came over, it was like he didn't know what a hostess stand was or how to operate said hostess stand. He was confused about what to do, handed us menus and told us we could sit anywhere. We snagged a table from two women who were about to leave and started to look over the menu. After a few minutes and no sign of a waiter, a waiter came over and asked us if we'd been seated here. Yes, we said, we were given menus and told we could sit here. 'Welllll (I'm channeling all three nasal-y Kardashians here), you can't sit here. There's a long wait.' But- b-b-b-b- the man said we could sit here :( 'Yeah, there's a really long wait.' This woman was SO rude. I was immediately peeved. We'd already been ignored, given false information and THEN rudely told to move like we were some sort of aliens trying to jump the 'wait' list. We were not offered to have our name put on the list while we waited at the bar, we were just told to MOVE IT. I looked at this rude waitress, looked at my accomplice, and said, "CAN WE LEAVE?" And we did. I tweeted them about it and they said 'We are very sorry about that! We'll let the staff know so we can prevent that in the future.' But what's done is done. And no free app or anything? Fuh-GET about this place and its shenans. If I need a raucous night of German beer drinking I'll head to Hofbrauhaus. Hmph!
5	One of the freindliest breweries I have ever been to! Great bartender that really made sure we were welcome and had--his name was Leland. Beer was fabulous...
3	Love the German style dining room
4	My husband I and have been twice. The food is great, prices reasonable especially given the generous portions, and the service prompt if uninspired. Small high-topped tables at the bar, otherwise all tables are long German Hofbrauhaus style. There's seating upstairs and in the basement, which doesn't feel basement-y but can be a bit lonely. Once the live music starts, watch out. It's KILLER loud. Located in a bit of a black hole on the near Northside, but plenty of parking and doesn't feel unsafe. Recommended.
4	Went mainly for the colaboration beer for Pitt Beer Week. Sat at the bar and sampled mostly everything. Posted our beer reviews on Untappd. They were all good. Didn't have any food. Love older breweries that keep their history.
4	Drove into town just becaus of the Yelp! reviews we read while passing thru Pennsylvania.  It was about an hour an a half out of our way, but I'd say it was worth it.My wife and I had the fish n'chips while the kids tried the pub burgers. We all thought the food was above average.   The portion sizes were large and tasty, and we all left feeling quite satisfied.The atmosphere was nice, considering the outside of the buidling - they've got a clean open restaurant that we really felt comfortable in.   The staff was all pretty hospitable, too.The only complaint is that when I asked about drinks, the waiter had to explain that every beer on the bottom half of the menu was out.    I understand a craft brewery having times when a particular brew will sell out or be replaced by a seasonal, but HALF THE MENU?   Let's be honest - I'm here for the beer.  I don't care a bit about your food, folks.  Even still, I found beer to drink, and it was a tasty Pils.  The lack of selection is all that kept these folks from getting my 5 star review.
4	Penn Brewery's Jaeger schnitzel with a side of spaetzle and red cabbage washed down with either a Penn Dark or their delightful Oktoberfest is one of the best dinners ever invented! If there's an Oompah band playing in the background, that just enhances the experience. Their schweinebraten is quite tasty but the Jaeger has my heart. I've ordered that dish in Germany & Austria and Penn's version compares favorably. Beer and atmosphere here are really fun & cool. Love the outdoor brick courtyard & I especially enjoy when we get seated in the cellar. It's a more intimate space than upstairs which has more of a beer hall atmosphere. I'm not a huge fan of the communal tables on the 1st floor unless you go there with your own big group. Not as much fun with just 2 people.Penn Brewery is truly a Pittsburgh institution and fortunately when you find one of their beers you like, you can typically find them at a local distributor. We've bought Oktoberfest nearly year round.
4	I love the beer here... Duh!But, the menu is disappointing for a veg. That being said, they are trying to do the whole German thing, and I did have the same food issues in CZ. So, I guess they are winning in authenticity. I think the only things I can eat here are beer cheese pretzels and desserts... SO, really... I can't complain tooo much :)
3	Visiting Pittsburgh from Milford, Ohio. As a birthday present, I treated my husband to some Pittsburgh brew tour.  The building was unique.   I don't drink beer and wasn't thrilled when I asked for a glass of wine and the waitress giggled.     But as far as hubby and his tasting, he felt the samples were good, the prices were fine.   Would have enjoyed a more personal touch from the staff as far as explaining the place, how the tastings work,......you know, just some personal tidbits.
4	Great German food options....so it's not Hofbrauhaus or Church Breworks.  It's a Pittsburgh institution and the beer is great, awesome selection of pierogis and German food.    Additionally live music options, even during the week are fantastic!
4	I had a groupon that was expiring, so we decided to try out Penn Brewery.  I have heard mixed reviews from friends.  I wanted to give it a try.  This is what we orderedThe bloomfield flatbread pizza- I'm a fan of goat cheese, so i thought this was really good.The buffalo chicken pierogi- This was delicious.  It seems like you can't go anywhere in Pittsburgh with out seeing a buffalo chicken something these days.  This was a pleasant surprise.veggie burger- not the best veggie burger I've had.  It was sort of dry, with chunks of corn and red pepper (i think it was red pepper).  it's not served with mayo, mustard, hummus spread or anything as a condiment for the burger.  The waitress didn't ask, so I assumed it came with something...but for the price, I shouldn't really complain.  It came with fries, that were super good.  Perfectly salted, skin on fries that were cooked crispy.  Yum!Pretzal w/ beer cheese- carbs and cheese...no complaints here!I enjoy the Penn Brewery Beers.  I've had the pilsner, gold and dark.  All 3 are easy to drink and tasty.The service there seems to allow you to enjoy your meal and drinks.  It's feels like a communial, social, gathering place.  The staff isn't bothering you a million times while you eat.  Overall, I liked the place, and would recommend it.  We didn't have any entrees, so I'm not sure how those dishes are but our appetizers and flatbread were worth trying.
3	Being a beer lover, I had to try this place on a recent visit to Pittsburgh.  The restaurant is German themed, with a large beer garden where you eat at communal picnic tables. There is also an indoor area that is much less charming.  If you are reserving a table, be sure to specify if you want the beer garden.On the night of our visit there was a German accordion band playing, which provided a lot of (kind of corny) entertainment though it was a bit loud. The band obviously has a few fans who come regularly wearing their t shirts and at times get up to dance to the music.The beer was good, I especially liked the Penn Weizen.  We tried a few others that were ok but not memorable.  As to the food, the fresh pretzel with beer cheese was a good starter. For the entrees I would recommend the Polish Hill Plate, which came with kielbasa, perogies and sauerkraut. This item was  far better than the breaded pork schnitzel which I found to be greasy and too large a portion of meat. The sides of applesauce and red cabbage were only so so.Overall, a fun evening, I think that one visit will be enough, but we enjoyed it for what it was.
3	Oktoberfest is here and this is a great time to try out Penn Brewery.  I have only been once since the Brewery reopened under new ownership and so glad they did. Their beers are delicious and highly recommend the Oktoberfest-a great fall beer.  Their Pumpkin Roll Ale is going to be released starting in mid October and I am looking forward to trying this new brew.  It rained the entire night for Oktoberfest but with the tents in the parking lot we were lucky to stay dry. We ate outside instead of insideso we did not order off the regular menu. The outdoor food choices were limited but what they did serve was tasty and perfect with the Oktoberfest. I highly recommend the German potato salad-one of my favorites since it isn't mayonnaise based. I also tried the pulled pork sandwich and bratwurst which was equally as good.  If you do decide to go to Oktoberfest (usually held the last two weeks in September) go early to get a table and beat the crowds.  Parking is very limited so this will ensure a good spot.
4	I came here for the Oktoberfest festivities, so I'm not sure if my experience is representative of what can usually be expected at Penn Brewery. Regardless, I had a great time. There was traditional German music, beer (being served in cups and half gallon containers), and food. There was a very wide age range, but everyone was respectful of each other (even with all of the alcohol that was being consumed). My favorite part of Penn Brewery was the outdoor rooftop patio overlooking the downtown skyline. The ambiance on the reminded me of some of the rooftop bars in New York City.
4	I go to their Oktoberfest every year, I would not miss it.  I love the live music, the great food, dancing, and of course the fabulous beer.  But it's nice to go back occasionally when things are less hectic and crowded, and what I get is really good German food and some of the best beers made in Pittsburgh.  There's an Old World taste to the beer made here and it's authentic and satisfying.  The Penn Brewery is a real gem!
4	German style brau haus. They really have seemed to nail it.  They have most of the the authentic styles of German beers.  They were missing Kolsch and Alt bier but I was told that these rotate in...so I will just have to come back.The menu is absolutely traditional and reads to be the real deal.  Be aware that I did NOT eat a meal here, only read the menu.  One thing missing is sweinhaxe but this is not easily done with fresh ingredients as ankles are not as readily available in US as Germany.I will definitely come back and give an update when I have had the chance to really eat.  For any beer fan or German food aficionado, I think that you will be pleased to stop here.
4	Cool old building nice interior great staff.  Cool looking at brew stations behind large glass..German beers are prominent though they offer pale ale & IPA each of these have a German flare.  Not saying that's bad just don't expect typical American beer styles.Burger  & fries were good.
4	I love beer and I really love the selection of beer at Penn Brewery. I've sampled the food from here and as a vegetarian, I give it a thumbs up. Not too many places care to have more than one vegetarian option but PB does. As for the beer, each selection is flavorful and unique. Any time my parents throw a party (in Philly) we take a few cases of Penn Brewery beer and it is always a hit.The place itself is really really big and not only is it a fun drinking spot for a group of friends but families are also comfortable and welcome.
3	The menu is cool. I got the Chicken pirogues that were stuffer with a chicken and buffalo mixture and topped with a blue cheese sauce. It looked like a mess but tasted good. I also had what I thought to be one of the most different items on a menu in a long time Kielbasa Rueben.  The sandwich was just okay. I would have like to taste more of the kielbasa the bread was very over powering. There was also a potato pancake in the middle but couldn't really taste it much. Place was nice inside and I would go back and recommend it to a friend.
4	Penn Brewery is solid. Love the beer cheese, great selection of brews, and always a spacious table to sit and enjoy some kielbasa and pierogis. If I have friends visit the burgh, it's a top 5 spot to take a them to show off our great city.,
2	I used to LOVE the Penn Brewery.  My dad had his 50th birthday there, i had my 30th birthday there, the food was great, the music was great, and dont even get me started  about the time i accidentally drank an entire gallon of beer at Oktoberfest bc they were serving the beer in half gallon jugs and after you drink half a gallon of beer, it seems like a good idea to have another!  (I had a DD).Its under new management and only the location is still the same.  And the beer.  So I might be back for Oktober fest only, this time sticking to half a half a gallon.  How changed is my beloved German restaurant?  Four words.  Dave Matthews Cover Band.  WTF.  If I ever come back for food, it wont be on a Saturday night.  Because of nostalgia I've tried this place three times, but due to my schedule its unfortunately been on a Saturday night which is apparently "Bands that sound like your sitting in a dorm room listening to your crush play guitar and sing but he cant sing and hes just learning guitar but you prentend to like it anyway" night.Who the hell is their booker?  Why is it SO DAMN LOUD in the bar I couldn't talk to my friend, instead we kind of sat there and watched the beer ripple in our glasses.  The accoustics are equally bad upstairs and downstairs.Its terrible.  If you must keep the same music booker, can you PLEASE have your bands turn the volume down, just a little.  And for the record, I love music.  But it's quieter at Stage AE.  its just assinine.  Since youre not going to be able to HEAR or TALK to your dining companions, you can look forward to the food which is just slightly better than ok.  The schnitzel is pretty good, but I dont know why this restaurant even tries to maintain that they are a german restaurant.Why not just become a brew pub, and have a menu with really good bar food?This place is a disappointment.  But theres really good beer here, and that makes it worth it to check it out one lsat time before realizing its just never going to be the same restaurant it once was.
5	Beer sampler flight - take the whole 10.  It is rare (unlike my husband)  that I can go through 10 different beers and go , yeah - I like that..  AND 4 beers that were so good they actually forced my eyeballs to the back of my head.  Weizen - a wheat with banana undertones, Chocolate Stout - a collaboration with a local chocolate artisan, Nut Bowl- served with sugared rim glass, flavored with yumminess and their St. Nick Reserve.  Their Penn Gold and Dark rocked - close eyes - think Octoberfest in Munich.  Even their hoppier pilsners were really well balanced.Food, service, band, locale - perfect.  The brats were wonderful.  Good chili.  Fresh salad.  Gluten Free menu offerings were clearly indicated.  Is a manager reading?  Offer cider or a Gluten Free Beer alternate as well as a GF dessert choice. I love you Penn Brewery!
2	Having been to Penn Brewery a few times lately and them having a groupon available, I invited 2 couples out for dinner.  Firstly, they sat us directly next to a band making it impossible to hear each other and the waitress. Second, although the food was mostly as good as before, the portions were much smaller than what we've had in the past with the same prices.  This was a big let down.Lastly, we had 3 couples, 3 separate checks and they would only let us use 1 groupon for the entire table.  I understand this is in the fine print but this is the only reason we came even came here to eat.  Never experienced this problem before with groupons.Now we have to come back to use them, I'm sure that will be the last time.
4	The place is very nice. Beer and food are very good, actually I liked their food more that Hofbrahaus. They also have live music. The only problem with the place is the location and that's why it's not that crowded on weekends (some people may actually like this). At 10:30 pm there were only 3 tables and a couple of people at the bar.
3	I had a Groupon for Penn Brewery, and was excited to check it out. I forget the type of beer I ordered, but it tasted like Miller Lite. My boyfriend's beer wasn't great either, so that was disappointing. We ordered a stuffed pepper appetizer, which was really good. The peppers were spicy and it was smothered in flavorful tomato sauce and a lot of cheese. I ordered the schnitzel sandwich. It came topped with a dressing, slaw mixture, and pickles, yet it lacked flavor. The schnitzel itself needed salt or some other seasoning! The German potato salad was pretty good--I've had better and worse. I would go again with friends for a good time, but not for the food or beer.
1	Took a cab from downtown to catch dinner about 30 mins before their publicized kitchen close time. They closed the kitchen early and said they can't help me. Great. Glad I called ahead of time. Now I'm in the middle of nowhere and starving.
4	We visited Penn Brewery on a weekend evening, there were 5 of us. The building itself is clearly old, but has been kept really well and didn't have that can't-get-the-dirt-off feel to it. There was casual seating, a nice bar up top, and quieter, cozier seating down the stairs near the beer. It definitely still had the feel of a brewery!Everybody was happy with their food, and liked the beer as well. Personally I had some of the sausage stuffed peppers (so good, and gluten free! it's so rare to see GF stuffed peppers) and a bunless burger with fries. Everything was delicious. We had a little snafu with our seating when we arrived, but it was made up to us in spades with a few free beers!!! I was pleased to see that the place puts their customers first and could sense we were a little uncomfortable. It made the night a lot better. I would return if I lived in the area!
1	Horrendous food - like someone who has never cooked before tried to recreate German delicacies using only their imagination and ingredients from the supermarket in the bad part of town.I ordered beef rouladen with cabbage and bacon, the beef was tough, the cabbage tasted like it came out of a can, and the brown sauce covering it all was like something the worst Chinese food restaurant in Nebraska would put on its chicken and broccoli. A floppy  uncooked piece of bacon found floating in this sauce was nausea inducing. The waiter, who could see how uncomfortable I was took it away and I ordered potato pancakes, feeling relatively confident that any restaurant can handle latkes. Another disaster - that I ate because I was two beers deep at that point - greasy, soggy giant discs of grated potato that had a raw taste and texture. If it weren't for the generous amount of sour cream and apple sauce - which I have to assume weren't made in house - I would have sent those back too. As is after eating their potato pancakes I went to another restaurant to have an actual meal, because I had been made joyless and despondent by Penn Brewery's failure to accomplish the most simple kitchen tasks. The beer is okay, not nearly as good as Church Brew Works and definitely not memorable considering the competitive landscape in the world of craft brewing - and I say that not even having traveled to that many brewery/restaurants, so even on its home turf Penn beer is forgettable. The service was appropriately apologetic considering the garbage plated that night and the space itself is well laid out and attractive. As is I would never go back, I might be tempted if I had strict assurances that the current management and culinary team were thrown out ala Kitchen Nightmares but even then I would need to see a good review. Thanks to the waiter in the white shorts who didn't charge me for the food, I hope you lead a coup and save the Penn Brewery from itself.
1	WOW. What happened to this place?!?! It WAS one of my favorites.Apparently a change in chef is partly to blame. He apparently has a thing for muenster cheese. This in turn has also produced a change in the menu - neither for the better.My old standby was the Kielbasa Rueben, which is now the "German" Rueben. Which apparently means it can't have a potato pancake, sauerkraut, swiss cheese, or Russian dressing. It now comes with braised red cabbage, muenster cheese, and hot bacon dressing....a step down after sampling. The "Northsliders" from the app. menu are now also gone. One 'positive' about the menu is that it seems everything on it is now available all day as opposed to having separate lunch and dinner menus. Visiting on a GORGEOUS Saturday afternoon, like any normal person I wanted to dine al fresco. Nope, patio not open until 4. Whaaa? Ok whatever. Tried the sausage platter and intended to try the Deutschtown burger. Unfortunately since I only said 'burger' when I ordered I just got the basic or classic burger. Who orders one of those anyway unless it's on a kid's menu? I'll take the hit for that I guess, I should have been more clear. But apparently ordering it with no bun also means you don't get pickles or mustard. It was fine, but it sure isn't worth $10. Same story with the sausage platter. $15 for 3 pieces of sausage? Where the only skill involved in preparing it is turning on the burner. And what kind of kielbasa is that? Not anything I grew up eating. Disappointed in the changes....but at least the beer is still good!
2	They were out of multiple beers ( the wheat and ginger beers), the soft pretzels didn't taste fresh, and it was odd that the wait staff ordered and ate Giovanni's pizza right on the bar in front of customers. I never like seeing a restaurant staff eat food from another restaurant. Or waitstaff eating in front of customers at all. I like their beer but not a good experience this time.
4	ok.  based on beer alone, 5 stars.  service, 3.  the food, no, it's yucky-- don't go here to eat if you're a vegetarian.  the veggie burger tasted good, but the texture was like seared vomit.  vegetarians, stick to pretzels.  on the plus side, if you're local, you can get cases in the business office for cheap during business hours.
3	I have eaten and drank at the penn brewery twice.  The service is subpar.  On our most recent visit, our waiter took our drink and food orders and then simply never returned until the food was served- quite a long time later. Considering that this is a brewery it would have been nice to be able to order a second round of drinks.  We love craft beer and were looking forward to trying several of the offerings.  Better service would have increased our enjoyment of this brewery.The food was much better than the beer.  I had the filet served over noodles and my husband the sausage platter with German potato salad.  I thought mine was very good and he absolutely loved his.  The prices for the meals were reasonable.We did not think the beer to be anything special. It was fine but there are many breweries in and around pittsburgh that brew a higher quality beer.
4	I really enjoyed stopping by Penn Brewery for beers last Friday afternoon before heading to the Wigle Whiskey Garden and Barrelhouse. I appreciated the small parking lot adjacent to the brewery that made finding a spot much easier than trolling the narrow north side streets. I ordered a Ginger Beer and a few pierogies, which were both very tasty. Though the interior of Penn Brewery was nice, I really enjoyed sitting outside. Even though it was pretty warm in the sun, it was the perfect temperature in their shaded courtyard. I could have relaxed here for hours. I would definitely like to come back sometime soon!
4	Given the mixed reviews, I wasn't quite sure to what to expect when I came here recently. And fittingly, I'd say my experience was mixed, although overall positive.We went on a Saturday evening, and I thought the place would be hopping, but it was sort of dead. The space is beautiful though, and it was a shame that their charming courtyard beer garden was not being patronized by more people that evening. We were seated indoors in their downstairs area, which was cozy, but a bit dark and dungeon-like. The evening started off on an annoying note when it took about 15 minutes for a waiter to come by and take our drink order (though he was more attentive after that).Our waiter was hilariously blunt. Several times when we tried to order something, he shot us down with his unsolicited (though actually appreciated) opinion:Us: "We'll try the mussels to start."Waiter (with horrifying look): "No, you don't want to order those. They are really sandy."Us: "Umm, ok, thanks for the heads up. How about the peanut butter and jelly wings?"Waiter (gives knowing glance): "How do you THINK wings with peanut butter and jelly would taste? Don't get those."Later for our meal order:Friend: "I'll have the rabbit for dinner."Waiter (same horrifying look as before): "No, no good. Literally ANYTHING else would be a better choice."Though it was a bit odd, we did appreciate his candor about the food and I know he was just trying to be helpful. Also it gave us plenty to giggle about every time he left the table.Anyway, speaking of the food, waiter man's tips were fairly solid, because we were pleased with almost everything we ordered. To start, we sampled the Black BBQ wings, which were meaty, juicy, and crispy. We also tried the pierogies, which were good, though nothing noteworthy (I can think of about a dozen places off of the top of my head that serve a better pierogie). On the annoying side, they only gave 3 pierogies in the appetizer serving, which for $7 bucks seems a little stingy. Also, 3 is an odd number of anything for an appetizer, as most dining parties are 2 or 4 people (ours was 4). Thanks for creating an awkward sharing situation, Penn Brewery. Anyhow, we also tried the pretzel and bier cheese, which everyone at the table liked except for yours truly (I found the stiff mousse-y texture of the cheese to be unappetizing).For our meal, my husband and I split the chicken kasespaetzle, which appears to be Germany's answer to mac n' cheese. It was really tasty, with a rich, creamy, tangy and flavorful sauce, plenty of juicy chicken, and tender pasta dumplings. Our friends split the roasted pork, which they reported to be delicious as well. Entree portions were generous and more than enough for us to split and still feel full and happy (especially given the appetizers we had). For dessert, we shared the apple strudel, and our waiter was quite pleased."GREAT choice, that's the best dessert we have!" he exclaimed a little too enthusiastically after we ordered it. Thanks, waiter, glad we finally could nail it on the first try. And nail it we did -- the strudel was heavenly. Flaky pastry crust and warm, soft apple filling paired with melty vanilla ice cream was the perfect way to end our meal. Very good experience overall. Or should I say, "sehr gut" experience overall.
1	Beer was good but food was mediocre at best. I will not be going there ever again because I did not feel welcome. Not impressed with service.
4	I found the beer to be the best thing on the menu.  I had the Liver with Bacon and Onions.  It was goodn if uninspired. I found their version of German Potato Salad lacking.  It seemed that it was 'made to order' and that can be quite pleasing.  In this case,  I found the potatoes sliced oddly in thin strips and completely underdressed. The dressing had little vinegar and no hint of bacon.  My dining partner's Braised Pork Shank was very tender and properly spiced.  I was told that this was superior to Max's Allegheny and found it to be so only in decor an beer selection.
1	I've given this place 3 tries. Each time hoping that I'm going to like it as the outside space and ambiance tells me I should. I just can't get past the mediocre food and choices of beer. I've said before I'm not a beer drinker. But I usually find something, except here. This was another stop on the brew tour I took my brother on while he visited. Even he, as a beer lover, didn't even want to try anything that was offered.That's all for me. I won't try again.
1	Food service quality when one would expect scratch German cooking.This was our first time there and getting a second in will take something really special.Service was horrid.  We were a table of 2.  A table of 7 and another of 2, both arriving after us, had their orders taken, delivered, and their checks given to them all before us.  I understand that can be considered an isolated incident.To boot, our food wasn't right and they forgot my soup.  And despite my wife starting out with Penn Gold and specifying it as such for the second, they still delivered the wrong beer the second round.  Again...both could be considered isolated incidents.3 pierogies for the price on the menu...$7 or $8, depending.  And they're not classified as  appetizers.  Because of that you're expecting a meal-sized portion.  Not even close.That's quite the stack of bad incidents in a single meal!The poor quality of food vs. what was expected was the icing on the cake.If you're going to drink and have some apps, they're my favorite brewery in PA, and apps are apps.  Don't expect anything special in the food.  Go to Denny's afterwards.HUGE dissapointment.
4	Went here as a group of 6 people, all with diff dietary restrictions, and all walked out of that place, satisfied, satiated, and happy.Food was beyond delicious and reasonably priced.We even walked away with 5 growlers of beer! My only quips area. My bf ordered a well done burger, and it was given to him medium, at bestb. All the food is well priced, except for mine. I ordered a pirogi dish, and was given 3 pieces, I know it's an app, but for 7.00 I expected more.Other than that, thank you for a delicious meal.
4	I am a huge fan of the Penn Brewery and if you don't know me I am a bit of a booze hound. I love beer! All types, all colors, all ABV's. So I ran in here today for lunch but I  am not allowed to imbibe during work hours. Woe is me....the world is not fair! My point is if you enjoy a beer, just about any type...this is the place to start. I have been here 10+ times and this was my only non-drinking visit. I enjoyed the Braumeister Steak Sandwich with fries. The food, service and atmosphere were great. Try to find the time to visit this place. Well worth the stop.
4	YUM! I've been to Penn Brewery a couple times and have to say, I really, really enjoy eating at this place and I am so glad it's part of Pittsburgh! Well done German food + authentic German beers: what's not to like?The first time I stopped in was for lunch and I fell in love immediately. The place wasn't hopping but that was fine by me - my dining companion and I had plenty of room to stretch out in their tavern/hall-like dining area as we peered into the brewery and tried remembering which flags on the walls and in the rafters represented which countries. For our meal, we ordered their ginger beer - an excellent brew! - and a specialty veal sandwich (which I wish they'd add to the menu full-time!), amazing pierogies and an absolutely delicious green salad. Seriously, you know you're doing something right when I get super happy about a salad - what's not to like about being able to eat well without giving up taste? This one had smoked pork belly, dried cranberries, mozzarella, and almonds dressed with garlic oil vinegar. Talk about yummy!My second visit was during dinner hours with a group of friends, and I honestly think I'll be sticking to lunch only visits. The place was much more packed in the evening and once you added in loud music, it was impossible to talk to anyone at my table aside from the person right next to me. Not cool - if I'm out with friends, I want to be able to talk to them. Still, the food was as awesome as ever - we split the fried pickles (quite unusual in this city, I think, but not bad) and I continued my streak of ordering "healthier" options here by getting the portobello stack. As pricey as this is, I wouldn't have minded a bit more food on my plate - but it was still VERY good. Well cooked (but not overdone) mushrooms plus tomatoes plus creamy goat cheese and dressing - what a simple but delectable combination. Seeing as I'd eaten beer and pizza at work that day, a dinner of vegetables only sounded perfect, and it's good to know that Penn Brewery's menu isn't entirely comprised of heavy German food, a common sin of restaurants that specialize in or feature German food.I definitely plan on stopping in to sample more of their sandwiches, appetizers and burgers the next time I want to go out for lunch - just thinking about trying their Deutschtaun Burger and their flatbreads makes my mouth water!
5	Excellent schweinhock for the entre served over mashed potatoes with grilled asparagus. We will each have a second meal to take home.Tried the Penn Gold on tap. Also great if you don't care for hoppy beer. They had something to suit all tastes. For dessert I shared the fried raspberry cheesecake with my husband. Outstanding!
4	Very good food but small portions. (We only got three pierogis for an appetizer that cost $7!) The beer was amazing, though (St. Nicks)!
1	One of the worst experiences I have ever had at a brewery or winery. Sat down at a table for 3 in the bar area. 3pm on 12/26. Half-empty. After 7 minutes and not being helped, despite 3 servers + a bartender, I walked to the bar and asked the bartender if we could order from him or if someone was coming to the table. He said someone would be there in a minute. 5 minutes later, timed btw, not one person came up to us, yet checked on various tables to see if people who already had placed orders or had food were ok. The bartender knew we were waiting, saw multiple servers come up to the bar, and said nothing. Sorry, but 12 minutes to wait for sometime to come by a table for a couple of beers is absolutely ridiculous. As we walked out, we passed one of the servers who didn't even acknowledge us, even though she had seen us waiting there. This place should be ashamed of its unbelievably poor customer service. Truly appalling. Have a great beer somewhere at the strip and skip this brewery.
5	I have been coming to the Penn Brewery for most of my life with my Dad and it will always be one of my favorite places to get a bite to eat and now as an adult a fresh pint.Before you walk in the door you know this is a very unique place in the city. Sitting on Troy Hill this building looks down on historic Deutchetown. The Beer Garden outside is gorgeous cobblestone and a wonderful place to eat in the summer and an even more fun place during Oktoberfest.The moment the wide wooden doors swing open to reveal the Beer Hall you can't help but admire the beautiful brass brewery equipment peering in through a glass barrier at the charming bar. The long tables call to mind the Prancing Pony and the Green Dragon bringing out my inner nerd. On my most recent visit I had just finished washing down a delicious soft pretzel with beer cheese and a tall pint of Penn Pilsner when my Cheese steak arrived. I have traveled all over the city looking for the perfect cheesesteak and this is it friends. I have had it more times than I can count and the only plate that can take me away from it is maybe their homemade pierogis. The prices are extremely reasonable for what you get and the experience is unlike any other this side of the Atlantic. I've never had their mixed drinks but only come here of you like beer.
