5	PDQ in Concord, NC is a new and rapidly growing restaurant chain based off of a local gem in Cornelius, NC called "Tenders Fresh Food." Like the original, the food is phenomenal. PDQ does food the right way, you can immediately tell the quality from the first bite. The texture is splendid and the flavor of the fresh chicken to the daily homemade sauces is out of this world. It is truly amazing being able to watch this business take off right in my backyard and I wish them the best of luck!For those who have never been, PDQ (And "Tenders" for that matter) does chicken, and that's about it. They do have one crispy turkey sandwich but the headliner here is the chicken. I still remember my first bite into chicken tenders from PDQ about a year and a half ago, all that I could think of was "WOW." You will have to try it for yourself. Their combos typically come with french fries that alone are worth a 20 mile trip to get.The restaurant itself has a very modern and inviting feel to it. It can get a little loud inside but the buzz is all part of the PDQ vibe: Lively & Fun! In the dining area you will find a new Coke Freestyle machine that allows you to customize your drink to your liking. You like Grape Sprite? No Problem! Cherry Vanilla Dr. Pepper? They got it! My absolute favorite part of the building itself is a first for me in a restaurant: a hand washing station conveniently between the ordering station and drinks. It's great for when you don't need to use the restroom facilities (because who likes touching that dreaded restroom door handle) but still need clean hands. It struck me as a thoughtful yet common sense addition to any restaurant. Bravo PDQ!If you take anything from this, remember this: Your visit to PDQ will be a unique experience. Superior Fresh food with fast and friendly service. See for yourself why PDQ has everything it takes to be a legendary restaurant!
5	Best new fast food concept and it started in the LKN area.  The tenders are great, milkshakes are very good as well.  The new layout is great.  I have also visited the Raleigh location and seems to be very consistent customer service across all the board, excellent.
5	I say this place has the best fast food I've ever tasted, however it's too good to be called fast food. Great , fresh food, great service
2	My family and I visited the new location located by Concord Mills Mall. We were excited to try the new restaurant. We ordered a salad and chicken tender meal. Overall, we were not impressed. The chicken is bland along with the "fresh cut fries". The salad was ok, nothing special. I could have made the salad at home and it would have tasted the same. Nothing special. The only good food item we did try was a chocolate shake. Now, their shakes are GOOD! I must mention, however they have wonderful customer service and the atmosphere was fun. I do wish this location the best but for me and my family we will not be returning.
4	We live about a mile from this PDQ at Concord mills......lucky! Why are we  lucky to have yet, another chicken tender joint you ask? The answer is in the ingredients. PDQ uses the same ingredients that I would use at home. They make everything fresh...everything. When you go thru the drive-thru you can see the youngsters pressing out fries on a medieval looking gadget. Salads and sandwiches are on the menu as well. I have yet to try a sandwich but I have eaten the chicken caesar salad with grilled chicken.....huge and delicious! Do yourself a favor and finish off with a shake, nothing short of great. This place is sure to be a hit with this area, I know it is with my family. Bottom line....while you are out braving the mall, stop in and fill up on the goodness that is PDQ.
2	I've given it several chances, but it just isn't worth it.  There is absolutely nothing for vegetarians on the menu.  How hard is it to make a grilled cheese?? I asked at the register and made a suggestion to a staff member who asked if there was anything about our experience that could be improved.  Both literally shrugged and me and offered no "sorry" or "I'll mention it to management".  I can pay a lot less for a bland salad elsewhere.  No thanks.
5	Delicious! Extremely fast, puts a traditional fatty food joint to shame.
5	PDQ is as good as Chick-fil-A.  I can give it no higher compliment.
3	A very strange name for a chicken tender joint, but PDQ stands for People Dedicated to Quality.  I wonder if a joint can sustain itself by just serving chicken tenders and fries.I guess they're trying to model their business after in n' out burger, which I love, but it didn't seem like they had a secret menu here.So, I just ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich served on a nice roll.  I always pu pu chicken joints that make chicken sandwiches out of tenders vice a whole filet.  They give you a generous amount of shoestring sized fresh cut fries to go with the entree, and the fries were good.  Chicken tender basket only comes with 2 tenders.Walking in, they have a sink right by the counter where people can wash their hands, so there seems to be a big push on cleanliness with this joint.  Plenty of ice tea options and they also had two of those mega smart screen soda dispensers.  Milk shakes 1/2 off during off hours, and they were good.
4	I stumbled across this place just driving beside Concord Mills and originally thought it was a Mini-storage. When I walked in I wasn't exactly sure of where to go. There is a lot of open space and the store is very clean.  There's a hand sink in the dining room for you wash and sanitize you hands. The menu is relatively small and features a couple of forms of chicken strips and sandwiches. What I was taken back by was the fact that they had a turkey option for every chicken entree. On this particular trip I ordered the fried turkey sandwich. It was crispy, juicy, and very well worth the relatively high price. Although there were some earthy undertones that I really wasn't a fan of. I got fries for my side and they loaded my box with fries almost past the point of five guys. They fries were seasoned to perfection and the perfect mix of soft and crunchy. I also got a side of blueberry slaw, which was just OK and really didn't need the blueberries. Over all this place is worth a try for lunch or quick fly by dinner. You should difinitely try it at least once.
5	I watched as this place was being built and thought "Great another fast food joint". WOW!!! Was I surprised! While I guess it could be considered 'fast food', it definitely is not your typical fast food joint. Since my very first visit I have been extremely impressed with the level of service, more than adequate staffing, attention to detail and superior quality of the food.The chicken at PDQ is some of, if not the best chicken I have ever had. The fries are awesome too. Though they are great tasting with the seasoning, I eat them plain (blood pressure). They are great either way. Oh... you have to try the lemonade! It can be a bit tart, but it is so good.Oh yeah... the sauces. Try them all. My favorite is the sweet heat. Its fantastic.One last thing about this place. They are community oriented. Need help raising funds to support a cause? They have you covered. Get with them and they will help set up your fundraiser. Essentially, you plan your event at the restaurant and a percentage (10% I believe) of the sales during your event go to your cause. That's awesome!  Next time you're in Concord, you have to try PDQ. I think you'll be glad you did. Let me know what you think.PDQ = People Dedicated to Quality...  It shows!
5	This is my first trip here, I do have to say I'm pretty impressed at what I saw. The staff was very nice, hospitable and pleasant. The restaurant itself was brightly lit due to the windows in the restaurant. The interior has a very modern feel to it. My friends and I had ordered the spicy buffalo tender sandwich that came with the fresh cut fries. The sandwich and fries tasted great and done just right. The buffalo sauce had just the right consistency of a spiciness and sourness. The best thing I liked about the meal was the sauces that they gave you, I tried the creamy garlic sauce which was between ranch and honey mustard but still very good considering the fact that it was home made
5	If I could give this place 10 stars I would! It is SO good. Such a cool concept. They only serve poultry, but unlike another chicken only fast food place, they have turkey too. All fresh, nothing frozen. Great family restaurant. Fast food but tastes nothing like fast food. Everything is made to order. The employees are super friendly. If it's raining they'll even offer to walk you to your car with a huge PDQ umbrella. PDQ stands for People Dedicated to Quality and they definitely are! The food is delicious, great sandwiches, chicken fingers, fresh cut fries, milkshakes with huge straws and salads. We make a stop here at least once a week for an easy lunch or dinner or just for a milkshake. Once you eat here you'll be saying Chick-Fil-Who??
5	Busy...Lunch crowd they make killer chicken "strips" at least its not mystery meat. Good location next to Twin Peaks at Concord Mills seems to be a busy busy area as of late 4 bars added . a Adam and Eve and hotels just down the road what more can you ask for?
4	PDQ is awesome! The food was great. We received out order very quickly and everything has hot and fresh. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The interior of the restaurant was clean and modern. Would definitely recommend this place and will be back next time I'm close by. Get a milkshake too...you won't regret it!
2	Food was good but service is slipping. I ordered 3 chicken tenders only with the garlic sauce. I received the chicken tenders, but not the sauce.
2	I'm not incredibly impressed.  Very over priced and a menu far more limited than I expected.  During my first encounter I was served a chicken sandwich with bad lettuce and when I asked for an ice water I was charged.  Yep, that's right folks, Dasani on tap!  So when you order water you pay the same price you would for a soda.  Seriously?  My second visit was a little better but the chicken still isn't anything spectacular.  I was impressed with their house made BBQ sauce.  That, and that alone, would be the only reason I'd ever return.  "BBQ sauce to go please!"  As a self proclaimed milkshake connoisseur, I was even let down on that front.  Boo for PDQ!
4	Today I made my first and second trip to PDQ and know there will be more to come!  The best thing about the restaurant is that it is CLEAN (sanitation score was a 99)!  When you enter its not entirely clear where you're supposed to go to order, but the layout is very open and bright. Jordan had the grilled chicken sandwich and I the grilled turkey. The food was fresh and didn't taste like your average Mickey D's sandwich.  The fries were shoe string style (not my favorite), but they were seasoned well.  My absolute favorite thing and the reason I made a second trip to PDQ was for the fresh lemonade!  The lemonade was so tart but so good!
5	Excellent chicken fingers, very fresh, and they have a few different sauces to dip your tenders in.
5	I enjoyed my first visit to PDQ.  I ordered the Grilled Chicken Salad with blueberry-ginger vinaigrette salad dressing.  The salad was on point.  The dressing was tasty as well, however, I was a bit taken aback by its consistency which was thick and pasty-like.  That aside, the restaurant has an array of drinks and I could not resist the Vanilla Coke for an afternoon thirst-quencher.  The hand-washing station is stationed so that you have no excuse to avoid the spread of germs.  BTW, PDQ stands for People Dedicated to Quality.  Needless to say, that was evident during our visit.  We were consulted to ensure everything was well at our table and when we informed one staff member that the sweet tea was not sweetened, it was handled immediately.  The staff are always cleaning up and tending to the restaurant and patrons.  I look forward to visiting again.  Thank you PDQ for a great restaurant experience.  Please open a location closer to my home.
5	These people have the most tasty, juicy, fresh chicken I've ever had! Puts chickfila to shame! Try their tenders with some garlic aioli sauce---ridiculously good!
3	Finally gave this place a try! It was ok - the fries were a little more greasy and stringy than I expected but honestly I didn't know what to expect since I've never been here before. Haha. The service was very nice. I think it's a little overpriced for my taste but otherwise wasn't bad. Would be interested to try their shakes. Maybe next time!
5	Stopped & wanted something fast but good, had never herd of this place. Very surprised GREAT! Place. Hope to see one in the Lynchburg, Va area soon. The chicken seemed to be fresh and not frozen great little place. Good prices.
4	Runner up for best Chicken sandwiches and tenders  next to Chik Fil A. Their salads are refreshing too
4	TENDER TIME!!!  That's what my co-worker and I yell at each other from our cubicles when it's time to eat here.  PDQ is all about the chicken, quick food, and service.  I think the jury is still out on the name, but hey... I guess it's memorable.  People Dedicated to Quality....  Everything on the menu is about fresh chicken:  sandwiches, salads, but probably their biggest draw is their "fresh tenders" and homemade dipping sauces.Now, this location is up in front of the Academy Sports near Concord Mills... so if I worked somewhere else, I probably wouldn't make a special trip to go here - but fortunately for me I try to hit "tender time" once every 2 weeks or so to get my fix.  The tables are always clean and the staff is super friendly, but probably the best part about the experience is having your order called out....  "#insertname your hot fresh tenders are ready!"  Depending on who is on the mike that day... it makes for some interesting entertainment.There is a drive thru, but the dine in experience is where it is at.  Just be careful since the drive thru wraps and some cars are a little too eager to get their tender time on.Probably my biggest criticism is how the line forms in this place.  They try to funnel all the "dine in" people through one door (the farthest from the parking lot) so naturally people come into the side and don't realize their is a line against the wall and they end up skipping folks in line.  A lot of it in unintentional, but people please be aware of your surroundings and actually read signs!!!  Lucikly, PDQ is fast enough to where it doesn't really make that much difference, but it's just annoying... especially when people realize there is a line and still continue to cut in front of everyone anyway!
5	Wonderful customer service & food!! Great place to eat if you're in a hurry and want good food!!
1	Eaten here at least 3 times, but sorry, I just don't think the chicken is that good.  It's too tough.  once bit into some grissel in a chicken sandwich.  Fries are too skinny and greasy.  For the price, you don't get much.  I don't hold out much hope for this place considering there is a Chick-Fil-A and a KFC just down the road that consistently serve excellent chicken meals for good prices.
4	I came here for the first time tonight and was not disappointed! The food is pretty cheap and tasty. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich with fries and my boyfriend ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich with fries. I really liked them both except for the fact that the pickles on my sandwich tasted more like cucumbers to me. Everyone was really friendly and the food came out very fast!
1	Way overrated. Great staff considering they have twice the available staff of any similar restaurant. So, no surprise everyone is able to dote and spend time with each customer. The food is ok at best. Over seasoned and took too long considering we are talking about burgers and fries. Not enough healthy food choices. Bathrooms and overall restaurant were generally clean.  Dollar for dollar I will not be back after my two visits.
4	I hit the drive-thru window of this PDQ about once a week after work, which is about 9:30 PM. I've never eaten inside the restaurant, so this review is based on their takeout service and food.The service is excellent. You drive up to a window and give your order directly to a person. I feel there is less chance for mix-ups when you're not yelling through a speaker. That person reviews your order, takes your money, and then you proceed to the pickup window. I've never had to wait long for my food to be ready.The chicken tenders are fantastic, but the dipping sauces are what make them so good. I highly recommend the creamy garlic sauce, while my husband likes the  chipotle bbq. You can ask for as many sauces as you'd like and they are free of charge, so load up. I use them with my fries instead of ketchup. The fries are great and rank right up there in my list of favorites when I eat out.  I've only had a salad once and the dressings were wonderful. I asked for three different dressings because I couldn't make up my mind and, again, I wasn't charged for the extras. They have a Coke Freestyle machine so you can get whatever flavored soda your heart desires.Haven't had a bad experience yet at this PDQ. If you haven't been you should really give it a try.
4	Ok so maybe I'm being harsh on my complaints but I had 2. #1....fries...they were good but not memorable...kinda like 5 guys fries just mcdonalds size...#2 sauce....they r great...amazing...full of flavor!!!! Well from the one sauce I got in a communion cup that if I dipped my pinky finger in to sample that would be all I had. SHARE THE SAUCE!!! THEY R VERY TASTY!!! Now....dinning area at lunch mind u was spotless...food was fast and staff was amazingly friendly!!! Congrats pdq that's hard to accomplish! Chicken well is chicken but it's done very well and if every time I go I just have to ask for extra sauces then so be it! Great place for a QUICK QUALITY sit eat and run lunch. Way to go PDQ!!!!
5	Tried the Crispy Turkey Sandwich with Sweet Heat sauce, Awesome!!!The Granny Smith apples with Toffee Dip is addicting.
3	Let me preface this review by first saying I normally love the food-I eat at the one in Huntersville almost weekly and was very excited when the one in Concord opened as now I'd have one close to work and close to the house. At the beginning all was good-food, service, cleanliness...but this last visit started to show signs of the one thing that can kill any business...complacency.  I walked in at 4pm on a Wednesday-not a high traffic day/time.  Walked to the counter behind an associate who appeared to be on break, complaining to the cashier about how slow she was and didn't know what she was doing, he said he was joking but was doing his best about making a spectacle of himself as he yelled to one of the "chefs jackets" as she walked by, " get her out of her-she doesn't know what she's doing". Joking or not wasn't really what I would call professional. Then as he walked away the cashier went after him as he left a was of paper towels on the counter-to which he replied "not my problem". She started to walk away but then realized I was standing there and came back over to take my order, which I had to repeat to her three times and then when I went to go pick it up-it was partially wrong.  After picking up my tray-which was sitting there and the cashier was just looking at me after i got my drink. I had to walk past three table that didn't look like they had been wiped all day and finally found one that I wipes myself. Maybe it was a bad day, maybe it was just me.  Oh did I mention that as I was walking to get my drink a few employees were walking in and one of them bumped into me-to which I responded "excuse me" and he looked up in his black PDQ shirt and said "whatever".....
4	I stopped here for the first time today. The place is very clean and the staff was very friendly. I had a 3 piece tenders meal to go with fries. The fries were AWESOME! The tenders were really good too but I was a little disappointed because they forgot to give me my sauce and I didn't check before I left. The tenders were nicely seasoned and perfectly cooked though. I would definitely eat there again!
5	Shocked at how good it was... Decided to try something new, had the crispy chicken sandwich and fries and also a chicken strip order. Sauce: chipotle BBQ - very good, definitely get again. The chicken was extremely moist, perfectly crispy. They put 4 pickles on the sandwich, equally distributed ... Amazing. Love pickles and loved the attention to detail here. The pickles were also thicker than your standard fast food pickle. The bun was great, an egg bun?? No clue what makes it different but it was delicious. Fries: loved the shoe string type fries (not normally a fan, but it was a nice change from a standard fry, not as filling). As a chick fil a die hard, I will go out on a limb and say that pdq could put chick fil a out of business if they wanted to. It was really that good.
2	I've loved Tenders in Huntersville, from whence PDQ was birthed, since the beginning (expect for that pork sandwich which is years removed from the menu). The food is excellent!I've loved PDQ's Concord location since it opened, too. Until my last visit, that is (7.10.14). My family and I have eaten there often but this last trip was a disappointment. We were there around 12:30 pm and everything seemed normal--staffing, cleanliness, good customer traffic, ordering experience--until I picked up the tray for the four of us. My chicken tenders (3pc. meal) appeared to be about 70% of the size I'm used to. Maybe that's imagination, maybe the H'ville location has me spoiled. Still, it's not what I remember from PDQ Concord. Chock that up to a subjective determination, but one that made an impression nonetheless.What was objectively different from every past experience is the temperature of those tenders. Usually they are too hot to eat without some cool down. Not so this time. The flavor was right but smaller and just warm = no bueno.And the fries were objectively unusual too. They were limp and a tad oily instead of their usual crispy. Luke warm, not hot. Very disappointing.So, has People Dedicated to Quality moved to some "make it ahead, hold it 'til it's dead" production model? I don't know, and wouldn't think so. I'm thinking the "Chef Coat" who essentially signs off on every order wasn't doing the Quality Control part of his job very well that day.That's enough of a review to make the point. No need to detail the experience of my wife and daughters beyond the common theme: This trip wasn't what we've come to expect from PDQ. Obviously, as I'm writing this review a week later, our sub-par experience made an impact. In hindsight, I should have cared enough to speak to one of the chef coats. My bad--I'll do better if it happens again. My hope is that it was just an off day and not a sign of problems leading to decline. We'll see soon enough. I want PDQ to thrive. When it's done right it can't be beat!
5	Love the fast service and the quality of the food. Hormone free meats, no frozen foods, friendly staff. They also have herbal infused sweet tea.
3	I had extremely high hopes for two reasons. The appearance of the restaurant from the modern clean look on the inside to the modern casual interior. Second reason is from the glowing yell reviews. So here's my breakdown. 1.  Kinda pricy in comparison to the same concept stores2. Loved the dining room hand sink. Automatically disarms the battles I have to have with my kids on washing their hands. 3. Loved the exterior and interior of the restaurant. 4. More than enough staff walking around. Some seemed glad to be there and the others preferred to be elsewhere. 5. The chicken tenders were little larger than zaxbys and about the same size as chick fil a. Very bland. Barely a hint of seasoning. Not sure if that's standard or we just got the bottom of the flour dredge. 6. For the price of $9.79 for a 5 PC chicken tender basket you'd expect a few more fries than the minuscule amount. Potatoes are cheap. Low food cost and boosts value and basket presentation. Fries were much better than the tenders. Seasoned well with salt and done to perfection as a homemade fry. 7. We tried the buffalo blue, honey mustard and Bleu cheese sauces for our tenders. -buffalo Bleu was sweeter than store shelf Catalina or French dressing. No hint of heat for the buffalo side or know tangy Bleu cheese profile for that half. Almost was like a cole slaw dressing with a hint of spice and paprika for color -honey mustard was the best of the three. Perfect ratio of mustard/mayo/honey-Bleu cheese dressing had to chunks of Bleu cheese and no profile that you'd expect from that flavor sauce. Id compare it to the milk toast version of ranch. Tame and lame. 8.  Now I'm half Irish and half redneck and southern by the Grace of God. I've traveled extensively through the south with my career as a chef and also as a former restauranteur. With that said. I know my Sweet Tea. From God's pitcher to my lips. There is an unwritten standard in the southern restaurant world from this amber brown nectar. My first swig of pdq sweet tea was ghastly. You'd expect the first overtones to be the sugar finished by the mellowness of orange pekoe. Not this time. It was sour. Sour from sitting too long. Sour from trying to save a penny on a slow segment of the dinner shift. So I went with the ol coca cola backup which I hate to do. I politely notified the young counter girl that they may wanna check the tea out. I understood that they'd be closing in an hour or so and they probably didn't want to waste 2-2.5 gallons of tea making it this late. She tried to offer up an explanation of how maybe the green tea got mixed in or switched. I politely let her know that I know when tea is sour. I also tried to explain that restaurant brewed tea only has a shelf life of a couple of hours in the window with sun beating down on it. I wasn't looking for anything. I just wanted to prevent another customer getting an icy glass of this swill and possibly getting sick from it. She notified a manager and he went and tasted and I guess it was ok with him. For my sanity I had everyone in my party go by and try it, and they had not been privy that I thought it was sour. Needless to say they all spit it out and confirmed the sour taste. No big deal but thought id include it in this review.
4	I love this place despite the limited menu offerings.  In fact, that might be one of the secrets to #PDQ's success - they do a few things extremely well, as they only offer tenders, sandwiches and salads.Their chicken tenders are simply amazing!!  I usually get the "3 Fresh Tenders Meal" with fries and honey mustard.  Their tenders are just that - extremely tender; not soggy, but not hard and over cooked either.  They are crispy on the outside but warm and tender on the inside.  I love them!  I also want to mention their sauces.  I've tried both the honey mustard and ranch at PDQ and both are legit.  They are bursting with flavor and taste fresh, almost like they are made in house, maybe they are!?!I usually don't comment on the drink options available at most establishments, as they are usually your standard Coke or Pepsi products, sweet tea and/or lemonade.  However, I'd like to mention that PDQ offers this Coca-Cola freestyle self-serve thingy, in which you can mix and match over 100 different flavors of  Coke products.  Its pretty cool if you've never tried it and is sure to be a hit with most kids. The only reason I am not giving this place five stars is because I've had a chance to try the grilled chicken sandwich (on an egg/white bun).  It was good, not great.  Too plain, too simple, not much creativity or originality, but STILL tasty.Other than the chicken sandwich, this place is a most try if you love chicken tenders and are in the Concord Mills area.
4	Excellent Service! Rarely do I have a memorable experience grabbing something quick and going through the drivethru but Eden was inviting and very friendly. I apologize for not recalling his name but the gentleman at the second window was awesome too.Tenders were fresh and the bleu cheese sauce was on point. Tried the blueberry coleslaw which was awesome and refreshing on a hot day.Definitely have a limited menu but as they say, it's better to be the ace of one rather than the jack of all.Good job PDQ, I'll be back.
4	Never known anyone to hate a sandwich from here. One of the best places in the area, so its always great!
4	I just love PDQ. We do not live remotely close by, but I will make up any excuse to be close enough to stop in.Chicken is awesome. Salads are fresh and tasty. Fries are fresh cut (as all fries should be).  The sauces are just incredible. The honey mustard is the best anywhere and I crave the creamy garlic. Great service and the place is always very clean.The only thing I'm on the fence about with this location is that the fries are not consistent. One visit they are over cooked, the next they are undercooked. Sometimes they are just right and when they are, they are the best anywhere!  Tenders (in Mooresville), the flagship of this chain, gets the fries right every single time, so I know it's possible. There is a definite flaw somewhere in the process here and that's the only reason for four vs, five stars.
4	Great food.  My first time trying.  Got three tender meal with buffalo blue cheese sauce.... Yummy!  Fries are homemade and are delicious.  Only reason for 4 stars is that my meal was $8.  That's a little over $1 more than what you would pay at chickfila.  I will be back.
4	These gents have capitalized on the "Fresh" movement. Great at Fresh never frozen hand breaded chicken and turkey! Watch out Chick Filet , your competition is at the door! They would own the market if they could do Organic!
4	I had the grilled chicken salad and indulged in fries. The salad was fresh and the vinaigrette flavorful. The honey mustard and creamy garlic was used for my fries and it was soooo good. I will be back.
4	They have the freshest salads to be considered within the fast food arena. My favorite is chicken salad add candied almonds and craisins.  And oh boy, those fries will get you in trouble - delicious.
4	Fast food poultry at it's finest. This small chain dots the Carolina's and is a welcome change from the usual golden arches. They only offer chicken and turkey but everything I've had has been very good. Their homemade sauces are delicious and so are their teas. I've had their salads, their tenders and their turkey and cranberry sandwich. I would highly recommend all of them.
5	Stopped in for a quick lunch before doing some shopping at the Mills. The service was fast...tenders crispy...tea sweet. Loved the creamy garlic and sweet heat sauce. Will be back.
