5	I tripped and severely broke my right upper arm and also my right hip.  I originally thought I could do my own physical therapy, but soon found out I was hurt too bad, and needed help.My "trip" was life changing, it's been 4months and I'm STILL healing!  But fate or God sent me to Spooner PT and assigned Matt as my PT man.  I had my reservations about therapy, but Matt changed my mind.   Always upbeat and pleasant but also always willing to put the necessary "hurt" on me. I haven't seen anyone cry as much as I did/still do, but the manipulation works. No matter how much it hurts (and pain is NOT my friend).  I may shed tears and even sob, but I don't complain, as Matt has made a tremendous improvement on my mobility.  All of the techs have ALWAYS been friendly, thoughtful and helpful.  The desk staff ladies also are ALWAYS friendly and efficient. I know that if I didn't do my part, my progress wouldn't be where it is now.   Matt Shuey, physical therapist is the best in my book!   He may smile as I shed tears, but I'd have him work on me any day!  Thank you Matt and the rest off the staff at 40h St in Chandler!
5	My primary care doctor sent me to Spooner Physical Therapy after what I/she thought was a training-related back / hip injury (I'm a post-collegiate, aspiring POORfessional track and field hammer thrower). Turns out, it's a 13cm cyst chillin' out on my right kidney. Hooray for ANOTHER cancer scare . . .  Said no one ever . . . Point aside, I really, really enjoyed working with Trevor Carr! Very attentive and patient guy who truly seemed invested in my care beyond getting his paycheck. Before we found out this wasn't an injury, he was going to come out and watch me throw at a practice to better understand what was going on with my body.If that isn't exceptional, then please tell me what is! My coach had this to say, actually kind of funny: "It's too bad this dude isn't a magician, since your idiot M.D. obviously thought he was and could 'PT AWAY' a blob growing in your body!" The support staff (technicians, administrative) have all been fantastic.Any actual injuries that do occur in future (knock on wood this isn't the case), I would return to Spooner Physical Therapy and Trevor in a heartbeat. Highly recommended!UPDATE 3/2: No cyst at all. Turns out I've been living 25 years on one BEAST kidney! The "dead" one is just swollen . . . larger than my liver . . . pressing up against everything, hence the pain. It's gotta go. Don't let me down for post-surgical rehab!
5	I wrote a review in January about my therapy on my right broken arm and right broken hip, due to a trip in September 2012.  My hip was pinned, they (therapy) worked it hard, but the bone did not heal.  So in March a hip replacement was done.  Due to all the therapy before the replacement I was able to come back pretty quickly from the hip surgery.  My arm continued to receive therapy, I did quite a number on it.Here is the amazing part.New hip, right?  But  after 6-7 weeks my KNEE was keeping me up all night, crying.  Went to the Dr and was ready for a pain specialist. I told PT Matt Shuey (he's amazing in my book), about my knee.  It had been a while since I shed tears during therapy, but that day......OUCH!  He worked on my leg, put suction cup on it (double ouch)!  BUT it only hurts while he works on me.  I NEVER complain (may cry though).  After that day, my knee did not keep up awake at night.  I even cancelled my pain clinic appointment BECAUSE OF HIS SKILL.Matt Shuey has amazing knowledge and talent.  I've been going there for months due to the severity of my injuries.   I was fortunate enough to come and be treated by the best,  from beginning to end!I can't say enough good about Matt, he's the therapist that has treated me. I'm sure they're all good, just as all there support staff is friendly, helpful and knowledgeable.I totally recommend Spooner Therapy at 40th St.!  They are terrific!
5	Wrote a previous review in February about my "back injury" misdiagnosis galore that turned out to be a 10 pound dead kidney, thanks to a UPJ obstruction that most likely happened while I was still developing in the womb. Didn't even know about it until this year. Hello, pain! Sick of being at the mercy of when it would throw its next temper tantrum, sometimes coupled with vomiting, and not being able to throw hammer, my surgeon and I agreed it was time to have that useless sack o' fluid evicted in April. Turns out even if you don't have an open nephrectomy, you can still lose a lot of abdominal strength. So, back to Spooner Physical Therapy! Had the pleasure of working with Trevor again - Who else? I can hear him now if he ever saw this review. "Oh no, Meg?! That lady was one high maintenance pain in my left butt cheek. Never again. Like, ever!"I sincerely appreciated his willingness to get down to business, creating a solid plan to help rebuild strength so I could train and compete again. Even if he did enjoy "beating up" on my ugly surgical scars with a huge smile on his face. Of course, if I didn't do my part, I wouldn't be back to throwing right now. Getting someone functioning again is only half the battle. Almost everyone I encountered here seemed invested in your recovery beyond your condition. Or they're just pros at faking interest in you as a person and not just another number . . . Which would suck. When I first came here in January, I was extremely nervous that I'd have another awful PT experience like I did in Colorado. These PTs were some of the most miserable, jaded trolls ever. None of my concerns were founded at Spooner, really. Was here around fourish months this year, and it was the best PT experience I've had. Not like anyone wants to be here though, yeah? Still stand by everything said in my previous review. This has been the hardest year of my life, having two surgeries within an eight month period and losing what would've been my first season back in the ring. Elated to finally slam the door and not look back. Surely, you're in good hands with whoever you see at SPT. But they should know that Trevor is a real asset to their team.Still recommended! And I hope to never see any of these people again in a rehab capacity.
5	Spooner PT has been amazing!! Everyone there has an awesome attitude, are genuinely engaged in the health of the patients, and make it fun and enjoyable to be there. I can't recommend them enough!
5	This physical therapy clinic was really nice. The employees are all very friendly and the facility is clean and has great music. I would suggest coming here if you are ever in need of a PT.
1	Not in touch with recent studies and data.  My doctor wrote an RX for specific treatment,  Kaylene refused to treat as prescribed.If you care about your health, do not go to Spooner.
