4	This caught my eye one of the days I was dashing through the shops to meet some visitors and I made a promise to come back when I saw drag lashes in the window! A place of my heart already! Most people will not be familiar for Inglot cosmetics because it is making a debut in the US but it's been around for 25 years. Currently there is 3 stores in the US of this Polish brand ( being Town Square, Forum Shops and one in NYC) . This is a full range brand carrying: a wide range of eyeshadows, pigments, foundations, powders, bases, nail polish, brush/tools, eyelashes, and more. Their signature seems to be "The Freedom System" which are customizable palettes that can incorporate eye, lip and face products.I didn't want to get all crazy with buying galore, but the former MUA in me had to touch everything and test a range to get a feel of the line. The prices are very very reasonable for what you're getting in quality.I needed a gel eye liner that is smudgable enough to spread smooth, but can have ultimate lasting power. I loved their texture and it took a good amount of makeup remover to take it off. The Matte Collection AMC Gel Liner was $12! I also grabbed a makeup mixing medium called Duraline. It's a small bottle, but a tiny drop will intensify loose pigments and help them stay longer on the face ( only  $9). The ladies also sent me off with some samples! They made a little sample of a loose rich indigo blue, a packet of base primer,packet of foundation, and a liquid highlighter. I haven't really seen many lines who do this. The girls helping us were very nice and they were helpful in chiming in about the products we were looking at instead of  standing around waiting to be approached.Very cool products and I will definitely be coming back. Reasonable, quality, and full range....I will be grabbing a "Freedom: palette next time I know what colors I'm missing out of my collection. I'm definitely a "fan" already, but I'll save the 5 star bump once I road test the full range.Don't need to go downstairs.... MAC who?
4	As a self-professed makeup whore, I really didn't need any more makeup, especially now that I'm working in a conservative work environment. The days of ROYGBIV Face-of-the-Day, mis amigos, are no longer. However, my friend discovered Inglot Cosmetics via Dusty's youtube channel and we were intrigued by their intensely pigmented eye shadows. The store, unlike MAC, which we visited afterward, was virtually empty save for three very friendly staff members. The store was not too difficult to find, but they are not listed in the store directory yet, despite being open since September. For Black Friday, all purchases before 3pm were 20% off, and if you spent over $50, you got to draw a prize from the mystery box they had set up. During our time there, we mostly focused on the eye shadows, as we had heard mixed reviews on their lip products. Inglot's main feature is that they have a "Freedom System", which is a customizable palette. The palettes are made of heavy acrylic/plastic with industrial magnets attached at the corners.They "snap" into place and are a lot sturdier than MAC's. They offer round and square eyeshadow pans and palettes. To "shop", you pick up what looks like a piece of chalkboard and stick the pans you want to customize your palette. I purchased a 5 Eye Shadow Round palette for $25. With the discount it was $21! Inconceivable! Do you know how much that would be at MAC? It would be $55 for JUST the eye shadow pans. (And it costs way more if you got the individual eye shadow pots). My friend spent $85 after discount and she estimated her loot would have been valued at $200 at MAC. She also picked a lip gloss as her freebie. The packaging, which was a thin glass tube, was cute, but the gloss smelled awful! Like applying children's cough syrup (or as Dusty described it, "liquid barium sulfate") to your lips. Do not recommend.The eye shadows wore well. I used mine combined with Urban Decay Primer Potion and my friend used Too Faced Eye Shadow Insurance. We probably got 7-12 hour wear before noticing any creasing. They are heavily pigmented and blend well. I selected a variety of colors from a Barbie pink to smokey gray and they're all lovely. We also tested our MAC pans in the palettes. With the MAC eye shadow pans, there is often a bit of room where it makes it easy to pop the pan out and change the colors in your palette. The Inglot ones are sealed in tight, and there is no well in the palette to make it easy to change out. I ended up flipping mine over and striking it firmly while holding the shadows in my other hand to avoid them from falling to the ground and shattering. If you run out of product, you can call the store to reorder, but they don't have online ordering. There is a $15 flat shipping rate, and there is free shipping on orders $150 and over. It's expensive unless you order a lot or you join in with someone's order. We had a fun time shopping here and hopefully more storefronts will open in the U.S.
1	As a makeup store, this place is awesome. As a customer service experience, this was lame.I bought a 10 eyeshadow palette. I was staying way at the other end of the strip. I paid for 10, only received nine, know that I picked out ten and got back to the hotel to realize I only had nine. So I had to make a special trip back to Inglot for my one eyeshadow (I mean, I already paid for it!) where the cashier was disinterested and nonchalant. While I was in the store, the manager was giving a makeover, chatting away and the cashier ignored me. She showed me how to pick out a palette and didn't say another word to me, even as I rang my stuff up.I know there are certain products that sell themselves. And as far as I know, you can't buy Inglot online, you can only buy in-store in one of the 3-4 US locations but Jesus, aren't there any places that care about giving people what they want (and have already paid for) anymore? It was a careless mistake and the staff did nothing to improve my mental image of Inglot.Based on my experience and the way they handled their mistake ("I'm the assistant manager and he [points over there] is the manager..." no attempt was made to fix anything. She gave me the eyeshadow and that was it.), I won't return. Not worth it. Especially when people at Sephora, MAC, Nordstrom actually want their jobs and try to be nice. I was way turned off by their icy attitude. Am I too trashy to go into Inglot? I don't get it. They just basically ignored me. I love makeup and I will take my business (and counting skills) elsewhere.
5	I had such a great customer service experience with Inglot at the Forum Shops I had to write about it.  I've been seeing these products all over youtube and seeing how great they are.  I liked the wide variety of colors so I had to have some, however, the closest store was in Miami.  I found out through word of mouth that Inglot ships directly from the store.  After a horrible experience with the Miami store, I called the Vegas store and was given an email address: TheForumShops@inglot.usa.com to send the request to.  Reluctantly, I sent the order and was given a call the very next day by 10 a.m and the guy I talked to was awesome.  He was very friendly and well verse in product knowledge.  I ordered 20 different shadows, 2 gel liners AND A brush.  All the the products I requested WERE IN STOCK!!  Plus, free shipping YIIIPPPPEEEEE!!  GOOO INGLOT!!  You're probably thinking that's how it's supposed to be however, the inglot Miami experience was not that great.  I wish I had his name because I'd be giving him shine in this review.   I'm happy with the Inglot Las Vegas store and sadly I can't visit.  I will update this review when I get the products.  The customer service was awesome!
5	Inlgots Eyeshadows are simply AMAZING!!!  I seriously, have not loved products this much since the discovery of MAC 13 years ago.  The gel liners are awesome, as well.  My friend that lives in Vegas says this store is always empty.  I am completely shocked to know that.  I am dying to visit and Inglot store in person.  For all the make up divas like myself, BUY THEIR PRODUCTS!!!!!!!  YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!!
4	this store is amazing. the only reason i didn't give 5 stars is because i've only tried the eyeshadows so far. will update this review, when i've tried more of their products.their eyeshadows are absolutely incredible. great color payoff and the price isn't bad at all! you can make your own palette, they have a few different layouts to choose from. it's really a great deal! you end up paying about $5 per eyeshadow with the palettes!the staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is very clean and professional! if you love makeup, definitely check this store out!
5	Inglot's makeup is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! Their eyeshadow is simply incredible -highly pigmented, applies beautifully and lasts all day! Same quality as MAC for way less of the price. There freedom system is a great deal and worth the value. If you are stopping by for the first time, I highly recommend getting something from the freedom system; it's the best bang for ur buck. I should have gotten more of their makeup while I was there in Vegas. My only wish is that they would hurry up and make a Inglot in Chicago!
2	W T F!! I had been planning on visiting the store during my trip to vegas this past weekend and even made a list! I was excited because I have heard a lot of positive things about the products, especially the freedom system. First of all, the store is located in the worst spot EVER! It's hidden in a corner behind an elevator and it took forever to get through the casino. I went to the store expecting an environment similar to other cosmetic stores i.e. MAC and Sephora, but was disappointed to see that it was completely EMPTY! All of the workers were standing around and one of the managers was training like 5 of them on the floor.Secondly,  I was even more disappointed with the customer service. Don't get me wrong, the girl was helping me pick out colors for my 10 pan palette, but failed to mention that they DID NOT actually have the 10 pan palette in stock  after 30 minutes of browsing! Then at checkout  tried to sell me on two 5 pan palettes. For the price of two 5 pan palettes, I could have bought another eyeshadow. Now I have 10 shadows floating around my makeup bag because I have to purchase it online. When I asked when they would receive the palette in store, the manager replied, "Maybe next week, but who knows?" I don't understand how you do not have the product in which the whole store is based on. In the end, the sales lady gave me a card and instructed me to email them and they will ship the palette to me. In the end, I have yet to try the products, but am hopeful that I will be satisfied and can only hope that the Newport Beach store will be more helpful!
2	I don't like where this place is located...it's kind of not worth it, BUT I made it a point to go since I wanted to see the makeup in person and the place was empty except for 3 employees and 2 other shoppers.We weren't greeted upon arrival and I was watching the male salesperson giving HELLA samples of pigments/glitters to the two ladies..don't know what they were saying since they were speaking in their language.I was completely not feeling the staff, didn't help at all! I was already kind of turned off by how aggressive one of them was, so I may have been giving off a weird vibe, but sheesh!Long story short, I went in for what I wanted and got no help whatsoever in helping to pick out a glitter I wanted. I asked if I could have a small sample of it and guess what...THEY DON'T GIVE SAMPLES OUT! I guess you have to speak their language to get a sample. At least I got to see some of the makeup in person, otherwise....order online!And don't review this place unless you've actually been! Customer service is extremely LACKING.
1	I was introduced to Inglot by a make-up professional and I agree that for most products, its a good value- and I'm impressed with the Freedom system. Here's what to watch out for-Customer service IF you are dissatisfied with a purchase and god forbid want to return something- it is non-existent. Its good up to the point of you giving them your money. And I'm talking about specifically the Las Vegas store in the Forum shops.I had purchased a travel kit for brushes. Which I was told is comparable to MAC brushes for way the less the price. Well- the concealar brush literally disintegrated in less than 3 months- and I am NOT an avid makeup user. I had cleaned brushes with rubbing alcohol spray - like twice a week, and then soaking in diluted shampoo every other week. I had the receipt  so I went to the Las Vegas store to return it, there was only one customer rep in there. I told her I wanted to return the brushes, first she said the manager is attending the fashion show going on downstairs and wont be in for another 2 hours and she could not do a return. OK. I was strolling around the other stores and the fashion show was going on at the lower level for the public, and I noticed that they went on a break. So I went into Inglot again and requested her if she could try calling the manager. Reluctantly, she did so and described my problem like this "There's this person who wants to return her old brushes. yes they are used. One of them has come apart. She has the receipt..."Then she hangs up and tells me the manager says we dont do returns for used merchandise. She says- when we sold it to you it wasnt like this. I ask her- well if it had been sitting brand new in the package how would I know if its worth keeping or not- aka- unless I USE them, how would I know their quality etc..duh?No. She just said point blank sorry we dont do returns.I told her I had just come from across the street from Sephora. I had purchased some $300 worth of cosmetics the same day as from Inglot and just returned 3 small items. 1 of which I had lost the receipt. Yet they issued me store credit without question. To which she replies- They are a big store. We are a small store..How do you think they got big- they stuck to good CUSTOMER SERVICE!I might try reasoning with them one more time and not be judgmental because of one completely disinterested and unmotivated rep., but my loyalty is shaky at this point :(
4	If this were a rating on the product itself, I would give it five stars, however,  because this is a rating on a specific store I have to deduct a star for poor customer service. I have purchased eye shadow from this location twice. The first time was February 2011 and  I did not feel very welcome in the store. When I told the guy the eye shadow number I wanted (because they don't have names for the colors just numbers) he just looked at me like I was stupid for thinking he would know where to grab it from before asking me to show it to him on the display.  On my most recent  visit there were about three of us girls choosing eye shadows for our pallets through their "freedom system" (which is amazing by the way). The girl helping me didn't really tell me that much about how it worked even though I told her I had never done the freedom system before. I started out by asking her if the ten pan pallet was still $50 and she said that it was now $60. She then asked me somewhat accusingly how I knew how much it used to cost if I had never done it before. I explained to her that I had heard all about it online. So the way it works is, the shadows are in magnetic tins, so the sales people give you a flat magnetic sheet to place the shadows that you want on it. You just pick them up off of the display and put them on your little magnetic plate. But because there were more than one of us grabbing shadows at once and only one of each color on display...what was to happen if we wanted the same colors. After grabbing almost all the ones I wanted I heard the girl next to me tell her friend that she wanted some more matte shadows. So I told her "Oh I have like 8 matte shadows here that you might like, let me just purchase them real quick so she can put them back for you to grab." I just think they should have either had two of each to grab or made us wait so that nobody had to wonder what they were missing out on.The product itself is amazing! The most pigmented I have ever used. I was so worried that it would not live up to the hype and I was so relieved and happy when it did. I have to say that the matte finish is my favorite!!!
5	I LOVE INGLOT!!My new found addiction, inglot eyeshadows! =DIt took my friend and I awhile to find this store (this store is kind of hidden off in a corner), after walking through the entire mall we finally reached the store that made my trip to Vegas worthwhile!! OH, JUST IN CASE YOU DIDN'T KNOW ALREADY..I LOVE INGLOTWhen I walked in I was greeted by both of the friendly employees as I went over to look at the eyeshadows one of the MUAs asked me if I needed help finding anything and in fact I did. I had two separate lists of eyeshadows that I wanted for myself and a separate list of eyeshadows my friend wanted (5 each, 10 altogether). The MUA took the lists and gathered up all the eyeshadows for me and placed rubber bands around the 5 for my friend and the 5 for myself. I also decided to buy my friend 5 eyeshadows for her birthday so I ended up buying 15 altogether!! I felt really bad having the MUA go through the drawers and gather all 15 =( BUT she did it with a friendly smile! I'm hoping to come back soon to check out more eyeshadows and maybe some of their blushes. =XCONCLUSIONI think you already know what the conclusion is. =)
4	Inglot has some of the best pigmented eyeshadows I've tried! I have shadows from MAC, Urban Decay, Too Faced, Tarte, Smashbox, The Balm, etc and the colors and pigmentation in these are like no other! I love the Freedom Palette system (I opted for the squares). I love the option of creating my own palette and rearranging them as needed. The only caveat to their shadows is the fact that they use a numbering system instead of names. This is going to be a problem when I go back to get more shadows and I don't remember what I have! I'll have to bring my palettes with me so that I don't end up with dupes!
5	Inglot cosmetics in Las Vegas is the best. I was in vegas this past weekend and went to the forum mall to get my make up done at a competitor and stumbled upon Inglot. When I walked in I was highly impressed and especially Anakaren who did my make up. Loved her work and the product is top notch. As a crossdresser she made me feel beautiful and welcome,in fact she did my make up twice. Highly recommend Inglot and Anakaren for anyone needing make up.....great product
4	The assistant was very nice, took time to help us, but given we were the only customers it wasn't too hard to do that.  Sadly, many of the samples were messy, gouged, didn't look appealing, or just were missing, and the assistant said they were out or they just hadn't been restocked from the supply in the store, which is sad.  How can I buy it if I can't see it?  Otherwise the store was clean and modern.  Odd location but convenient if you come in end of shops, on the far right of the Cesaer's Building.  The makeup is well priced, good quality, and the freedom system lets you put together a palette that suits you.  I have so much other makeup I decided to skip the palettes.  I couldn't pass up the liquid blush, which is so pretty and easy to apply, and the liquid highlighter.  I spend buku bucks for Benefit's high beam, posietint, benetint, and cha cha, and the inglot line isn't identical, but has similar products.  If the highlighter works out, it's cheaper to mail order it and get a larger quantity than I would get by buying high beam.  I'd definitely return next time in Vegas.  Go with a clean face and you can really try the foundations and blushes.
1	While the concept is great and the eyeshadow selection rivals other great makeup brands, the lack of service really turned me off. My niece introduced me to Inglot as we share a love for great makeup. Once inside the store, she was being helped by a salesperson with vibrant wine-colored hair. I was very intrigued with some of the sample sets on the wall and asked her which colors were the ones in certain sets b/c I wanted to get them. She replied that I had to just figure them out. Ummmm .... ok. No help ... Whatsoever. Instead of leaving with sets of cool new makeup, I walked out empty-handed.
2	I'm a girly girl...I love anything having to do with my skin....eye shadows, blushes, lipsticks, glosses, lashes...ooooh la la! Inglot really doesn't disappoint. It's my kind of candy store. Susan and I came across Inglot the last time we were in Vegas and it was their stunning lashes that caught my eye. Especially, these incredible green ones...Seeing that we had our St Patty's celebration planned out in Chicago, I decided I had to get into the spirit and get the fabulous green lashes. I picked up a few extra for our Vegas adventure as well....I was excited...no STOKED to get a very groovy rainbow pair and I asked the sales consultant if she could put them on for me. Unfortunately, they charge a $20 application fee...huh? MAC-where we usually buy all our lashes never charges...I get that their lashes here are a few dollars cheaper but a $20 application fee is unnecessary. I literally went straight to my room and applied those puppies myself. BOOM. Then used the $20 that they were trying to charge me and bought Susan and me more drinks.
5	I had a great time here! I was only in Vegas for a couple of days attending a training event and had some time to stop by here. I was so excited because I had heard great things about this line on YouTube. The girls there were fantastic and a lot of the stuff was sold out because all the girls from my training event bought stuff there too! Oh well, the associates that were there helped me pick out similar colors to the ones I wanted and were really helpful. Before the website was up to order I even placed phone orders through this place and they were great, even through the phone. Also, to the people who are upset because Sephora and MAC will return your products and Inglot won't. Honestly, think about it. Most places won't return your products after 7 days, and those are clothing stores, you can wash clothes, you can't wash makeup. Sephora has a 90 day return policy, I worked there so I can personally say people will just return the makeup torn and used up and say they don't want it anymore just to get there money back when the makeup is all gone! Also, I think only MAC inside Macy's or Nordstroms will return makeup if it's been used because of Macy's or Nordstroms return policy. Someone correct me if I'm wrong but I think MAC's freestanding stores don't make returns on used makeup. So before you get upset at their return policy, just try and think about it. I'm honestly okay with the fact that they don't return stuff, and why would I? They're products are great.
4	This place was awesome. I do not wear makeup but, it felt like, I was supposed to be there. I bought nothing - the wife on the other hand cleaned up. For the many fellas that do happen to find themselves in the store, they have a sofa near the back window so that you can take a look at the people moving about. They even have water for you too drink. I cannot lie, I kinda mess with it. Fin.
5	Let me preface this by saying that I have NEVER, EVER, EVER, EVER had someone do my makeup right. Kelsey (Kelsie?) is a GODSEND. So. The reason why I've never had anyone do my makeup "right" (right=makeup actually looks flattering on my face) is probably because I'm Asian. On my wedding day, I decided at last minute to try to get my makeup done. I emphasized that it needed to be with someone who was experienced in working with Asian eyes haha. I figured that in the worst case scenario, if the makeup was really bad, I could just wipe it off and quickly re-do it myself. Kelly Cardenas Salon hooked me up with Inglot just a few hours before my wedding while I was getting my hair done. Not accounting for makeup time, one of my bridesmaids and I had to run (yes, literally run) through Caesar's after being dropped off from my hair appointment. Man, this place was hard to find. We had to ask 4 people.The sweatiness and shortness of breath was worth it when we got there though. We told them that we were in a hurry, and Kelsey got to work right away. She asked what I was looking for, and even though I was a bit vague, she ended up doing a wonderful job. All I really said was that I wanted my bridal makeup to look pretty natural but I wanted my eyes to be just a little more dramatic since it was an evening wedding. She was so nice and accommodating- even when I wanted my eyeliner re-done and when we had to go through multiple lipsticks and glosses to find the perfect lip color. I absolutely loved how my makeup turned out for my wedding day. It stayed on and looked perfect all night long. Oh, and the extra plus: My full face of makeup only came out to be $40!I also called Inglot today to purchase the products that she used on me. Their products are so affordable! She's currently going the extra mile to try out some eye shadows to make sure that I'm ordering the same colors that she used on me. Thanks so much, Kelsey! I could not ask for better customer service- a perfect experience!
1	Below is a message that I wrote to corporate. I received terrible service there from a young woman who appeared to be hispanic and had shorter hair and piercings on her arms. I would definitely talk to your service provider before they apply your make-up. Some of them seemed nice but this woman was terrible. I just wanted to let you know that I am extremely unhappy with the service I received in Las Vegas this past weekend. Las Vegas is supposed to provide customers with an experience that makes them happy - but I have to say the empoyee at your store was anything but accomodating. She failed to provide me with quality service, had an extremely terrible attitude and then proceeded to ignore me for almost 20 minutes after she applied my eyelashes to help another customer. She did not alert me of the pricing of the $20 application for the service and while I stood there staring at her waiting for assistance to buy products she gossiped with another employee about me. I have to say that I have bought many eyelashes from your store here because it was tradition for my friends in vegas, but after they saw how she treated me they did not even want her help. I suggest you help your employees with their attitude problems - Vegas is supposed to have great service experiences everywhere and I must say my friends were treated very kindly at Sephora. While your store does have nicer eyelashes, I must say I am afraid I would give that up for better service.
2	Every time I'm in Vegas, I make it a point to come in this store. It's true, this store is ALWAYS empty. Honestly, I don't think the location is horrible, it's pretty easy to spot. Every time I walk into the store, I'm never greeted. The employees look bored and grumpy and I wouldn't think to approach them for any questions. True, there are SOME employees who will chit chat and offer to help you once you start browsing the make-your-own-palette table but that's about it. The thing that turns me off about this place is that their testers for their pan shadows are either completely broken, missing or they look so unsanitary I don't even want to swatch them on my hand.One of these days I'll actually cave and buy a thing or two from this company but not at this location. I'd rather purchase it inside of Macys at Fashion Show Mall. Their testers are MUCH more sanitary looking and the employee's are always happy to help you upon arrival!
5	LOVED my experience here!Yolanda did my friend's makeup for edc and it came out GORGEOUS.The quality of the shadows is great and extremely reasonably priced.Do come in and check it out
4	I was so excited to go to Inglot because it's comparable to MAC cosmetics. The employees at this store were very helpful. Oscar was the one assisting me. I was planning to get the Freedom System Palette but most of the matte colors were "sold out." He informed me that they received a new shipment but didn't open the boxes yet. He was nice enough to show me the colors that were sold out. I was able to swatch the colors and took a note of the numbers I liked.I love the eye shadows because they are half the price of MAC eye shadows & bigger. It has the same quality & still very pigmented. Oscar told me that there's an Inglot in Macy's at San Francisco, so I will definitely visit that store.The only thing I'm disappointed is their return & exchange policy. I asked Oscar if I'm able to order the Freedom System eye shadows & if I was unsatisfied, would I be able to return or exchange it? Oscar said, unfortunately that's a set back for Inglot. Compared to MAC cosmetics you can return or exchange any product if you're unsatisfied with it. With the Freedom System products, there are no returns or exchanges. I guess I'll be swatching the colors first in SF before placing an order online.
5	I can't say enough good things about Arya and Kelsey.  I made an appointment for a makeover, showed up late and they were STILL amazing and helpful.I got the "Drag Queen" makeover I requested as well as an invitation to return and try an "everyday" face.  Love the foundation- so matte and easy to apply... covers imperfections beautifully!Im looking VERY forward to my next trip there.  Thank you so much!
2	So disappointed in my last visit to Inglot in the forum shops.  Normally Inglot is my go to "girl night" place for make up and fantastic lashes.  Historically they have never charged for putting on lashes or the single lashes.  I have always tipped the person doing the lashes since it seems like hard work and I'm always very appreciative of awesome service.  This last visit to Inglot was a total bummer.  First, I called to see what the hours were and I mentioned that I was going to stop by for lashes.  I was greeted by a "well, I'm the only one here tonight", like I am supposed to not come in if there is one person on the floor?  That wouldn't be my fault for poor scheduling.  So then I came in.  Oddly enough there was a guy working and I spoke to a woman on the phone, so 2 people working not 1.  Which then made me feel that perhaps she just wasn't in the mood to do lashes (or her job apparently).  I asked the guy if he knew how to do lashes.  He didn't speak English and then said "well I don't know, I'm new here"...wtf does that mean?  Frankly why was he working if he didn't speak English and didn't know how to perform the most basic, most often sold item in the store? Then he said, well it's  $20.00 dollars to put on the strip lash and $40.00 for the single lashes.  I asked if there was another person there who could let know why there was a charge when before there was not.  He went into the back room, then came and pretty much said the same thing..."I don't know, I'm new here".  Finally, a girl came out from the back and said that for 2013 all the prices had changed and now there was a charge for putting on lashes.  However, if I had gone to the Macy's Inglot there would be no charge.  The whole visit was disappointing and I won't be recommending that location going forward for any services just based on the customer service alone.  I would have gladly paid to have the lashes applied, but I hate a crappy customer service attitude.
1	I usually buy my Inglot Cosmetics online being that I live in Hawaii and we don't have a store here. So when I was in Vegas, I was very excited to finally see a store front. First of all, the location is ridiculous. I got lost trying to get to the store. Secondly, the store smelled strongly like chemicals. The workers were cleaning and it must've spilt on the counter or something. And Lastly, the workers are just straight up RUDE!!!! They were too into talking amongst themselves than helping customers. One of them asked if it was my first time in the store and I said 'yes' so I was hoping he'd explain a lot of things to me but he didn't. He was sooo pushy that it made me very uncomfortable. I was still browsing around the store and he was starting to ringing me up. I was testing out the eyeliners when he shouted across the store with my total cost. I was shocked cuz the store wasn't even busy. I don't know why he was so much in a rush to get me out of the store. I would NOT return to that store EVER!!
4	I needed to get a lipstick dupe for my mommy since she liked one of my MAC lipstick color. However, said lipstick was limited edition so it's extinct right now. I don't know how my mind thought of "oh, lets go to Inglot and see if there's a dupe for your lipstick" because I could've gone to ANY other cosmetic stores but I'm glad I decided to give Inglot a try. I've heard nothing but good things about their products so I was excited to pay them a  visit.I was the only person in the store and I was greeted by a male sales associate. I went to the lipstick section with a MAC lipstick shade in hand seeing if I can find a dupe for it. He was helpful and assisted me with numerous shades until we finally found one that matches PERFECTLY to my MAC lipstick. I was pleasantly surprised...I wasn't expecting to find a shade that matches 100% to my lipstick but you go, Inglot!!! I am very proud of you!!! =) I quickly did a quick browse around while thinking about what else I could get. BUT...being the good girl that I am, I decided to hold off on other items and came what I had to get and leave. =) I'm quite proud of myself for that actually. LOL. Don't worry, Inglot, I'll definitely be back!
1	Wow, came to this store wanting to splurge on new cosmetics for business and personal use. I've heard so much about this store and wanted to try it out. Walked in and a SA was with a customer, which was understandable. 5 minutes passed and did not even get a word from the SA saying she would be with me shortly.  So I just decided to sit down and get comes another SA from the back room. He looks at me and didn't bother to ask me if I needed any help! I walked over to the display and waited to see if he was going to assist me, but I was wrong! He stood there and continued to do his inventory. I walked up to him and asked him if there was another location? Homeboy said, "I'm not sure, check online or Macy's." No beezy! I asked you to check for me and Why don't you check on your damn phone or computer! Overall, CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS!!
5	I was so excited to see that Inglot was in Vegas.  My 1st experience and makeover was in NYC for a Bachelorette party last year.  I showed up to go out with the girls all Glammed out with an amazing make- over!!  Of course I bought everything she used, because I looked like a Star!  It's great quality make up at such reasonable prices. I am hooked!Fast forward to Labor day weekend, I was in Vegas with friends for vacation, and I found out Inglot was in the Forum Shops, so of course I went in.  I must admit my 1st trip there was not a pleasant experience and I got a few things.  So I went back 2 days later when I had more time to browse/shop and the manager was there and I spoke with her about the poor customer service I had experienced prior.  She was s much more helpful and said they were correcting the staff problems and promised it would be better for all who visited again soon. She was very helpful in showing me the items I was interested in, did a make- over with the item so I could see them, and wow, who knew I'd been using the wrong colors, she really made me look wow!  It was a Glammed up neutral look that I wanted, and she nailed it!When I met up with my friends afterwards, they noticed the new make-up look immediately, even in the dimmed lights f the Forum Shop restaurant in one of the center courts.  So I stocked up on the items I use alot, like foundation, mascara and a brow pencil, and new brushes.  Their brushes are amazing!  And I bought all the colors of eye shadow, blushes, foundation, lipstick, lip gloss and eye pencils she used.In the end, I am glad I went back, it was an amazing experience and I look marvelous!
2	First of all i freaking LOVE the products here.The associates here are terrible and clearly I'm not the only one that thinks so. It seemed utterly shocking to them that as employees of this store they should *gasp* assist customers when asked. I have no patience for this kind of thing. If I'm spending money in your store I expect you to help me when I ask and not audibly sigh and make sounds with your mouth to express how annoyed you are for having to earn your paycheque.I'll be back next time I'm in town, and I'll probably spend extra long in here and ask a lot more questions just to annoy them.
1	As many other customers have reported, I had the WORST customer service experience of my life here today with none other than the manager of the store. If you see a caucasion male with spiky, short blond hair in the store, I suggest you run. To be fair when I discussed this matter with their corporate store in Chelsea New York, they were very apologetic and even sent me the eyeshadow that I was looking to return with overnight shipping. To make a long story short, I visited this store 3 times over my vacation. On my first trip the SA was very helpful and spent time answering questions and giving advice, however I was given a different eyeshadow than requested and I didn't discover it until later that evening. No biggie, I figured I would simply return the next day and exchange it.On the second trip, the store manager was there putting on makeup on another sales associate. He seemed highly irritated that I was there and didn't make an effort to assist me. Eventually I was able to explain to him about receiving the wrong color the day before and the inital mistake was corrected. I decided to purchase another color on this trip and sure enough upon checking my box back in my hotel room that night I was given the wrong color a second time. I assumed the manager would take care to provide the correct shadow given my first experience but it seemed he was more interested in practicing his makeup application skills. On my third trip to the store to perform another exchange I was condescendingly greeted by the store manager who remembered me. I informed him that he gave me the wrong color and then he insisted that he did not make a mistake and that I was given the shade I asked for.He then rudely said, "and you have lipstick on your teeth." He then went on to tell me that I was indecisive and would probably come back the next day to return something else. I reiterated that I was given the wrong colors two separate times and even if I had changed my mind I was well within my rights to exchange my products as stated by their return policy which was printed on the bottom of the sales slip. (I had a valid receipt and the packages were unused and unopened)The store manager then called me a LIAR several times. He also accused me of shopping and returning products at their other location on the strip which I found bizarre since the address on the receipt was clearly the location that I was standing in. He insinuated that I was stealing or trying to cheat the store. I insisted again that all my purchases were made at this location. Since their return policy states that products can be returned or exchanged at any store I also asked him how purchasing product at a different location could prohibit a return to which he had no response.At this point I asked him to simply complete the exchange or provide a refund so that I could get out of there and he flat out refused. He stated that since my receipt wasn't "valid" the computer couldn't acknowledge my purchase. It was then that I asked him to clarify that he was refusing to provide service (despite meeting all the requirements of their return policy) and he said he would not help me.I really love their eyeshadows and palette system and will continue to buy them online. It is likely that I will visit their other location on the strip as the vast majority of their reviews here are positive, however I will NEVER set foot in this store location again.
