4	One of the better nicely maintained community center with a lot of sports league.
4	Great facility to play basketball/other court sports. It's relatively new, and it's never crowded. And for a $5 membership, you get unlimited access! They also have badminton from 4-6pm on Saturdays!
4	This is a great family park ands makes me wish I lived in the area. I visited for the SRP Shade Tree program and spent some time at the playground with my 4 year old.  He loved the playground and watching the skateboarders. The water area looked fun too but was obviously closed for the season.  Tons of grassy areas for a family get together.
5	Badminton from 4-6 on Saturdays! $10 membership for the whole year! Kewl!
4	great pool and facilities
5	Now they also have badminton on Saturday mornings! Starts around 8:00am and goes on until noon.
5	The staff is friendly and the facilities are clean and bright. My son LOVES the Itty Bitty Sports class. Don't know what we'd do without this great facility!
3	My 6 year old and my 8 month old enjoy coming here to cool off. It's affordable so if we only stay for an hour I don't feel so bad. They have to slides that my 6 year old loves. Breaks up the boredom of a basic pool. Some of things I don't like- 1. Almost no shade. They have 2 covered areas. 2. Limited seating. If you come here don't plan on relaxing anywhere other than the pool. You can sit in the grassy areas but you will bake in the sun. 3. The life guards don't say anything to kids running in and out of the 0ft area. They leave it to the parents of the babies to say something. I get it, the kids are just playing and mean no harm but there's many other areas for a older kids and the babies are limited to a small area. I've been here twice and will be back.
5	This is a wonderful facility for people of all ages.  The senior center provides extraordinary diverse activities that provide education, fun, personal interaction and health checks with its kind and caring staff.  I am grateful for yoga classes two times a week and a busy pickleball schedule.  When winter visitors return, I hope they can increase the court time since participation is greatly expanding.  In my experience the entire staff is always friendly and eager to assist.  The facility is kept very clean by its staff who are always sighted cleaning inside and out.It is difficult to think that the City ever considered closing this wonderful facility that provides so many activities and services for families, singles and seniors.
1	Been here many times with my 13yo client to relax and hang out on days she did not have school. There have been multiple staff telling us multiple different things. You can't be in this room or that, don't sit on the table, don't turn off the television, etc etc. The supervisor tonight approached us accusing us of telling some little girl that she could not watch television and that my client could not sit on the table. She wasn't doing anything wrong, she has special needs, and was minding her own business. Had someone asked her to get off nicely she would have. What is the point of having a community center that limits your use of their resources. It doesn't make sense, and very unsettling that a supervisor approaches people in her community like that.
