5	Efficient staff and great location (for my workplace).Also have all kinds of upscale Harris Teeter options for food if you need more than caffeine!
5	Always a good experience. I've seen some pretty long lines in the mornings but they are taken care of quickly. For anyone working in South Park, this place is perfect not only for the coffee, but the fact that it's attached to the Morrocroft Harris Teeter so you can pick up anything else you need. The staff here will certainly take care of you and know many customers by name. Nice patio as well.
5	Fantastic staff!  Friendly service!! Amazing drinks!!! Who could ask for more?  Well run store always seems to flow with ease.
4	They got their system down. They get you in and out quickly. The staff is always friendly. Now I want coffee.... LOL
4	Grab a latte and make your grocery shopping even sweeter! The staff are really friendly and seem to enjoy what they do. I grabbed a bag of their roasted beans and they gave my husband a complimentary tall coffee...great perk! Free WiFi. Plenty of seating indoors and out.
5	There is a Clover machine in this location!!! Good service and surprisingly accessible parking for a location inside a grocery store.
4	I've never had a bad experience at this location. The bariatas are always friendly, the drinks are always right. However, the Location is difficult to find (inside the harris teeter) and parking isn't ideal. But that doesn't keep me away.
5	Great Starbucks located in the South Park Harris Teeter! Staff is friendly and fast! I go here almost every day and they've messed up my order only twice and fixed it and gave a coupon for a free one the next time!
4	Important - this store in INSIDE THE HARRIS TEETER. Convenient if you are already a shopper, but parking is not always easy to find if you are just trying to get a quick coffee and be on your way.They do have a lot of seating though, so if you plan to stay a while and work or read or something, they have a great patio area and a lot of inside seating as well.The barista's in here are very nice. I only come here when I am already grabbing something from the market though.
5	Love this full size Starbucks at the Harris Teeter at Morocroft.  It is great to grab a cup of coffee before starting to grocery shop.  I have been here dozens of times and never more than 3-5 people in line.  Since some Starbucks can have 10-20 people in line this is a perk!  They have tables inside as well as a huge covered patio.  You could even grab some lunch at the deli and a cup of joe at Starbucks and eat on the patio.
5	I LOVE STARBUCKS! This one is fabulous. The baristas are very kind and it's honestly just too amazing for words so, try it for yourself!
