4	One of my friends showed up at my work today with a pink box.  Who doesn't like a bakery box handed to them?  That box was loaded with cupcakes, chocolate peanut butter, red velvet and cinnamon toast.  I only tried the peanut butter today, but the cupcake was fresh.  The icing was delish.  I cannot wait to go to the actual store.  I can see we are headed into a beautiful relationship.Part III was on that side of town yesterday and actually visited the store front. It is like a mecca, walking in there.  Great place to take kids.  There is a wall of candy and a sprinkle topping bar for kids to decorate their cupcakes.   Great idea.  The cupcake flavors are fabulous, they offered vanilla and chocolate cupcakes with all kinds of flavored icings, vanilla, chocolate, bailey's irish creme, frangelica, strawberry, peanut butter and coconut.   Basically bad news bears if you are trying to cut out fat.
5	nom nom nom!!! I've had 3 of these delish cupcakes! The best and first I tired was the pumpkin/cream cheese which is a seasonal flavor. On my next visit I ordered the white chocolate pretzel cupcake. It was good, but not as good as the previous pumpkin cupcake! Me and the hubbs split a lemon/raspberry cupcake, it was rather delish too. I hope to be lucky enough to try one of the red velvet cupcakes one day, they were sold out both times I visited! Grr! The staff is super friendly and helpful! This is a must visit shop!
1	Worst shipping experience of my life!  I cannot talk about the quality/flavor of the cupcakes themselves mostly because they never showed up!  I purchased cupcakes through the site to be shipped for a birthday party.  I paid hefty for 2 day shipping and placed the order 2 weeks in advance to make sure they arrived in time for the birthday.  The day of the party...no cupcakes!  How humiliating to have no cake at a birthday!  Not to mention the costs associated with the whole mess.  I called sas and was greated by a friendly staffer who took my information and told me the owner would call me back.  The next day still no call so I called them back.  I get the same girl on the other end, who says that the owner emailed me.  HOW RUDE! You can't even call me.  I check my email and don't see the response (who knows if she ever really sent it) and I call back to see what the email said.  I guess their site says "ship date" and not "delivery date"- so when I put in the date I was expecting to get the cupcakes I was actually placing an order for them to leave their store that day.  How confussing!  So it's the customers responsibility to know how long it takes for them to make the cupcakes and ship them out, and to take that into account when placing an order for them and wanting them on a certain date.  I am not sure how this is even possible given this is their business, not mine.  How am I supposed to know this as a customer?  Not to mention the additional shipping I paid and how long before the need date I placed the order.  Long story short, I never got to talk to the owner who relayed all of her information through the friendly staffer.  The owner can't even personally contact upset costumers which led me no choice but to contact my credit card to file a dispute.  Never again!  Happy closure Sas.
1	I actually went into the store and bought a raspberry cupcake.  This was the WORST cupcake I have ever had.  It was even worse than the vegetarian cupcake I once tried.  The cake is way too dry and crumbly.  Also, the cake taste is very bland.  I don't know if the batch they had to sell was a day or two old, but it was very, very dry.  The icing is also bad.  There is a sweet taste but no flavor whatsoever.  It was not a good 'cupcake' experience.  I love cupcakes and have tried many bakeries.  This is the worst by far in the Charlotte area.
2	I agree with the others who said that the cupcakes were dry and bland. I love cupcakes and have eaten my fair share. I was so excited to find another cupcake shop in Charlotte, but unfortunately it just isn't all that great. The cupcakes look good, but the cake was pretty dry and the frosting was dry as well. I think they would probably taste better fresh out of the oven, but they tasted like they had been sitting out all day. Another thing I didn't like was that the strawberry or raspberry cupcakes just had flavored frosting, not strawberry or raspberry flavored cake as well. The staff was super-friendly, and I really wanted to love these cupcakes. If you are looking for a great cupcake in Charlotte, head to Polka Dot Bake Shop instead!
1	I got a coupon in the mail for a free cupcake so I decided to go in and redeem it.  The cupcake selection, to say the least, was a big disappointment (C'mon, a store dedicated to cupcakes and all you got for me to chose from was 5 different ones!).  I came in wanting red velvet and left with chocolate/vanilla icing. When I took a bite of it, the frosting fell off the cupcake in one piece and the cupcake tasted stale...definitely not worth the 3 dollars I would have paid for it had it not been for the coupon.  Will not be returning.
1	Really?! $3 for a day old cupcake?  No thanks- you are better off with a Zinger (the sophisticated Twinkie)!
4	If I were to guess the type of customer that would love this place, I'd be sure to peg a stay at home mom with a few girls under 8 that wear rain boots with their tutu. Sales people. People who have cleaning ladies, pool boys and landscaping services. Perhaps even a tall skinny guy clad in a short fur coat walking a really tiny dog. 65 year old grandmothers who do yoga and hate to bake. And of course, anyone who loves a cupcake.Its a foofy place inside, don't be surprised. Almost the epitomy of what some might think a specialty cupcake shop should be. Glass candy jars loaded with colorful sugar bits, brightly colored large rope suckers, pop rocks, fun dip, chewy and gummy candy alike.... if it causes cavities, you'll find it here.Along with rows and rows of cupcakes.My sales girl was very enthusiastic, informtaive and extremely knowledgeable of the company, the owners, the products and anything else I managed to think to ask while I watched her box up 30 cupcakes. Gorgeous brown and pink boxes with matching stickers were carried to my car - perfectly prepared for my presentations that afternoon.What I appreciated most was the way in which she asked - or specifically didn't - about bringing my cupcakes to the car. Every other sales person has asked if I wanted their help. She didn't ask; she assumed the responsibility of bringing them to my car. While this is such a small point to make, it has resonated with me since then.I found the cupcakes to be satisfying. Nothing over the top, nothing which disappointed either.  On customer service alone, I would come back.
2	I've tried this place twice now and I'm just not impressed.  The frosting on the cupcakes is WAY too sweet, which made me a little sick.  I also don't think the flavors are strong enough for the specialty ones.  The lemon should taste like lemon, and when I have to ask someone what a fuzzy navel tastes like...you know its not noticeable.  The cakes is dry.  You all get the point.  Go to Decadent Designs for the perfect Red Velvet cupcake.
1	My wife and son purchased 4 different cupcakes as a surprise and they ate two of them and both ended up throwing up that night.  We'll NEVER go back.  They are not very good anyway, they have way too much icing and not enough cupcake.
4	These cupcakes are so flavorful and sweet.  I bought a few at Halloween and freinds were coming over and one freind is not a sweet eater at all.  She ate the kahula cupcake and loved it, that was a true test of these cupcakes.  The sweet potatoe and pumpkin cupcakes were out of this world, if you love a sweet potatoe pie or pumkin pie this cupcake is for you. Now I will say there is enough icing on these for a good sugar rush. Now here is a trick someone told me to do was cut the cake part inhalf, than take half the icing and do cake, icing, cake , icing lol  It was very good, I've taken these to the nieghbors kid and he is on my front porch before I put the phone down to tell his mother I have a SAS cupcake for him.  I think Its a great place to go for a little girls birthday party, I"m 41 I wanna cupcake party in there with the pink princess hat on lol   Try the Triple Chocolate  with the granche you'll never buy another grocery store cupcake in your life :)
4	The cupcakes are divine!!!  Love the extra toppings available. The bakery makes me feel like a kid again!
1	I went to SAS Cupcakes to of course get some up cakes and candy. My friend came from out of town and I wanted to take her here. When we entered the shop the two girls there made eye contact with us and didn't say a word. We walked up to the counter to order and they just stared us down and didn't say a thing to us. By far the worst experience I've had anywhere. I will never again come into this shop.
2	The cupcake choices are ordinary. The prices are expensive. The servings are small.  The only bright side is Sunday. That's when they have their lemon cupcakes. I'm not a lemon person, but that cupcake is good. I never go there any other day, and I seldom go there on Sunday. Not worth driving out of your way for dessert.
3	Well, I didn't even realize this place was here, but since I test every cupcake place, I saw it and figured I'd give it a shot. The positive: the place is super cute and colorful and the staff was extremely nice and helpful! They even had samples of the icings to taste if you couldn't make up your mind. We happened to go in on a Tuesday and they had $2 Tuesdays, so we got them for $2 and then saved by getting 1/2 dozen...so for that price I'd say it was very reasonable. The boxes were some of the nicest that I have seen in my cupcake adventures!! The cupcakes themselves: I thought the cupcake was pretty good and moist...still doesn't top Sprinkles, thought. The thing I did not like (some may like this part, but not me) was that the icing was piled on so high and was about as tall as the cupcake itself. I scrapped about 2/3 of it off. Probably why Sprinkles cupcakes are still the best I've ever had....and they don't pile up their frosting. SAS frosting was good buttercream, but just way way way too much....tone it down and I'd give up another star. Still not a bad place overall!
1	Tried these cupcakes for my husband's birthday and was sadly disappointed. Dry, dry, dry. The cakes tasted like they were made several days prior to me picking them up.....will not be back.
2	Sas definitely fell short of my expectations. When you walk in, the decor definitely overtakes you--I would feel bad for anyone tripping because it's funky, happy and candy inspired land all wrapped into one. They have quite a number of cupcake flavors-your traditional vanilla and chocolate along side trendy ones such as margarita, cookies n cream, s'mores, creamsicle, etc. I got my cupcake to go.....and they served it in a bag. WTF? Who serves a cupcake in a bag when they readily have their cute pink boxes sitting right there? Maybe they weren't happy with me because I used the Citipass book coupon for a free cupcake so I got it for free? As if that weren't a cupcake faux pas, when I tried the S'mores cupcake it was pretty bad. So bad that I only finished half of it because it was so dry. This coming from a girl who has a credo no cupcake left behind.I would definitely pass on Sas.
2	It was only okay. I had both the Vanilla/Vanilla and a Triple Chocolate.The vanilla cupcake could have used more vanilla. The cupcake tasted like it came from a pre-made mix and was made yesterday. Boring. The icing, while there was plenty of it was not too bad, but it needed more vanilla.The Triple Chocolate was onkay as well. The cupcake once again tasted like it came from a premade mix, and was made a day or two ago. The ganache and mousse (?) filling were very good. I will also say that the chocolate buttercream on top was far better than some of the other cupcake places in town.Over all though it was only sort of okay.
2	SAS cupcakes are nothing to write home about.  I have def. had better cupcakes before and they were actually less expensive!  Sprinkles cupcakes is by far the best cupcake I have ever had.  SAS has some work to be done to make their cupcake worth the amount that they charge.  Their cake is often dry and the icing is too sweet.  Everyone has different likes when it comes to cupcakes but I personally like a more moist cake with a icing that has just enough sweet to it.
1	Just tried Sas for the 2nd time yesterday. I bought 1/2 dozen cupcakes for dinner party and every single cupcake was dry! When mine was...I asked around and got the same reviews! Icing was pretty good on each one but the actual cake was dry and crumbly. Not at all worth $3/piece!
4	Chocolate Cake and Vanilla Icing!  These are better than most. The flavor selection was less than what I expected.  This Icing is rich, RICH, welcome to the I LOVE Butter, nouveau riche, RICH! !  !As far as the service, it was either very good or over-the-top!  I'll go with Butter Cream Icing sweet.  Two girls and one guy were friendly and helpful offering a bowl if I wanted to eat there or box it for me to go.  How about a funnel and a fork!
4	I tried Sas for the first time after seeing it 1000x.  The cupcakes were good.  We got one triple chocolate and one Kahlua.  They were moist and flavorful.  Most cupcakes shops I have been to pretty much stick to cupcakes, but this place also doubles as a bulk candy store and triples as a prissy gift store.  The profit margin isn't too high on cupcakes, so I can understand that.  However, if I go back, it will definitely be for the cupcakes.  I'd say they are almost as good as Cupcrazed, but not quite, plus the cakes seemed to be slightly smaller.
1	I was not a fan. There are better cupcakes in town.
3	To start with, I've never had a cupcake that I regret, so I may be a bit biased.Now to the important bits...as others have said, the decor here is not for the faint of heart, it's a cross between Hello Kitty and Disney World, but it's a good fit for what they're going for here. I've been to plenty of other cupcakeries that go for the sleek aesthetic, and I haven't found that either style is a good predictor of taste or quality.On to the matter at hand, the confections.  There were about 6-5 flavors on hand when I went in, none that really screamed at me, but I knew I would at least try the Red Velvet since that's my go to, and after much deliberation, I picked the Chocolate Chip Cookie as the second.  I was there at the very end of the day, so I was actually prepared to find the cake to be a little dry, but I was pleasantly surprised to find them moist and full of flavor.  The chocolate chips weren't well dispersed in the cake, they had settled in the bottom which was a little annoying, but I got by.  Now, for the key element with all cupcakes, the icing.  I know that people fall on either side of the debate about icing amount, but I prefer less than more. And here, I had an odd experience. The RV had the perfect amount of icing, while the CC was struggling to stay upright under the weight of all that icing.  The taste was pretty good, but just to overwhelming for the amount of cake.  All in all a nice experience, as others have said, a little pricey, but I don't mind paying a little more to keep places open if they're good. We'll be back for more in the future, maybe sooner rather than later since they were kind enough to give me a coupon for a free cupcake to celebrate their 5 year anniversary!
3	So I stopped in very unexpectedly. My son saw the sign and said he wanted to go in  to ask if they were on Cupcake Wars( they were asked but declined?) While there we had to try the cupcakes and get some for my dinner guests I was having over that evening. I defininately would NOT call this place a Bakery. It's more like space at Black Lion with a license to sell food. The cupcake flavors were  a little disappointing but they did have about 10/12 flavors to choose from. Nothing that really knocked my socks off but they were very pretty to look at. I had the Banana and my son had the Triple Chocolate. The cake itself was moist with a good banana flavor but the icing ratio was to much icing and too little cake. The icing was also overly sweet. My son's cupcake was over the top rich almost inedible. My son couldn't even finish it. What kid doesnt finish their cupcakes? The price of the cakes were very expensive for what you got. I would compare the cake quality to that of a box mix.. Definitely not worth the $$. $32 for 1 dozen. WTH? I will give them kudos for service. The girls behind  the counter were very nice! Greeted us as we were walking in the door. They had great energy and seemed to really enjoy their jobs. What a refreshing experience.Not sure I will go back. Maybe for their $2 cupcake Tuesdays.
2	Boy these cupcakes are pretty on the outside and dry on the inside.  I agree with other posters that the icing to cake ratio is way off. I was disappointed. I will give them points for their good customer service/sales pitches/colorful environment.  Will probably not buy anymore $4 cupcakes (reduced if you buy more--gee thanks) unless the tween gets a craving for some. Think I will steer her to another spot for a sweet tooth fix.
3	We stopped in here to pick up cupcakes for my mom's birthday. Went with red velvet and white chocolate pretzel. The cupcakes are beautifully decorated and the assortment of flavors is huge. The service was good and the ladies at the counter were accommodating, putting the cupcakes in a decorative box (although for $7 extra, somewhat ridiculous..). When we tasted them in the evening - yikes. total disappointment. the cake for both was SO dry, and the pretzel bits in the white chocolate cupcake were soggy, making the whole experience terrible. The only reason this place isnt getting a lower rating is because there are not many alternatives for cupcakes in the area, and the cupcakes themselves are lovely so at least it appears like a nice gift, even if it doesn't taste so good.
5	Love this place! The store smells amazing and has candy and cupcakes everywhere! There were so many options available and the girls in there were so helpful! They even shared that they change flavors daily!I tried the basic vanilla with vanilla icing (I know...I know...boring) but this was by far the most moist and tasty cupcake I have ever had! The icing was piled high with sprinkled and a candy stick! Soooo delicious! Since it was my first visit she gave me a buy one get or free coupon! Winning!!! I will be back!
5	I went back again this time to try a variety of cupcakes! We tried the red velvet, pumpkin with cinnamon icing, chocolate with chocolate an vanilla icing and raspberry and they were all delicious!The icing on the red velvet was divine, the pumpkin and cinnamon paired very well with each other...the raspberry was fresh and light and the chocolate was heavenly!!! I received another coupon on my return trip! Love this place!
2	These cupcakes sure are pretty on the outside but they do not taste as good as they look. A coworker purchased these for an office party and everyone was very excited to try them. Too bad we were all disappointed and are not likely to ever set foot in a sas cupcake store (again), particularly this one since the staff gave her such a hard time. They refused to split a large cupcake order into two boxes and honor their buy 10/get 2 free deal so my coworker bought just enough for our office. I mean, a box can't be worth that much that you're going to pass on selling your product to save the cardboard expense??? However, even though she did not purchase any extras, that still left 1 cupcake that didn't fit in the box so they BAGGED it. The cupcake got all mushed up and ugly and it's just RIDICULOUS to bag a cupcake in the first place!!! The cupcake experience from sas is definitely something I can pass on. The cake was so dry, I had to drown it in ice cream to get any enjoyment from it. Totally not worth it and there are other places that are way better.
5	My daughter's birthday is today and I needed some cup cakes for her today so we could celebrate, I normally make them my self but I just wanted to relax today and pay someone to do it.  I called 5 different cupcake shops this morning looking for cupcakes, and not one of those stores were open they all are closed on Mondays, and I find that strange but whatever works for you.  So the last name on my list was Sas Cupcakes, and the employee was really super sweet and very helpful and happy to have cup cakes ready for me in 45 minutes or so.  I thought that this was great, she was sweet and very helpful.  I went and picked up my cupcakes and there was a line, which is a great thing in my book.  I finally got my turn got my cupcakes and they were beautiful, she added something extra just for my little girl and that was really sweet to me.  I finally got the cupcakes home after a day of shopping and we tried them, and I must say that these cupcakes are excellent. Oh my gosh I was pleasantly surprised at how good they were.   I'm really glad that all of the other stores were closed so that Sas got my business and they will always even though I'm a chef and can do it my self.  I believe in giving back to the community and small businesses so it was a great thing they were open and eager to help me out.  The cupcakes were really great once again, I don't see how it's possible for any one not to like them.  The staff really sweet and helpful and the cupcakes are great.  My daughter enjoyed them, and so did I.Thank You
5	Boo Yah!  Come get your cupcakes!  Any freakin cupcake you can think of.  And it doesn't stop there.  They are wall to wall with candy that is perfect for a pit stop before the movie theater.  Any place with both chewy and original Runts is A-OK in my book.  On top of that, they make cakes and brownies for every occasion.    The only item that I have had the pleasure of trying in the Red Velvet Cupcake.  It is my all-time most favorite cupcake and they do it RIGHT! Perfectly moist with a delicious cream cheese icing.. DAMN GOOD!!  Give this place a try.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	SAS staff is always VERY nice.  They recognize their regulars.  Some days the cupcakes are dry but its usually hit or miss with that.  I can understand that its not easy keeping them moist if they have been out for a few hours.  The red velvet is to die for.  My kids love the place.
3	Another fancy cupcake shop and another meh.  Like Gigi's, I can't find a cupcake that really justifies the higher-than-grocery-store prices of the cupcakes.  Located at the Blakeney Crossing shopping center, which is across Rea Rd from the larger Blakeney shopping center, it is a cute little shop. The have several flavors that they serve all of the time, and then special daily flavors.  On a Thursday evening after a lovely dinner at Salsarita's, which is right next door, I stopped in and got a vanilla/vanilla, a chocolate chip, a raspberry bliss and a white chocolate pretzel.  The frosting on all is kind of grainy, but not overly sweet.  The cupcakes were moist, but I didn't think were super delicious.  The chocolate chip seemed to have a good quality chocolate chip, in the plain vanilla cupcake.  Raspberry bliss was a vanilla cupcake with a small squirt of raspberry jam in it.  White chocolate pretzel was... bleh - I didn't like it.  And though I got 4 different varieties, they all really tasted the same.  Too much frosting.Once your cupcakes are purchased, they also have a candy bar where you can add toppings to your cupcake.  The store has some gift shoppish items such as wine glasses and small recipe books for cupcakes and cocktails.  Cupcakes are $3.25 apiece.  If you buy 4, it's $12 and they put them in a box for you.  Otherwise, they get put in a bag.  That's right, cupcakes in a bag - that's not going to make a mess, eh?It is a nice little store, and the cupcakes would be a cute treat for a special occasion, but like Gigi's, I was left with a *shrug* kind of ambivalence about the cupcakes.
3	My kids have been out of town for a full week and I thought I'd get them a special treat for when they arrive home this evening.  What better way to say "Welcome Home" than a Triple Chocolate & Vanilla with Pink icing cupcake right?  I have been to SAS before and think it's an OK concept, and know that they can't make their rent by just selling cupcakes so they have neat other things like candy, and party favors for birthday parties....heck you can even have your birthday party here.I just can't believe I spent over $6.00 for 2 cupcakes.  That's bad IMHO and a week bit spendy for me, but hey I'm not in there every day right?  What ticks me off about this place is that their upsell is "Do you want to buy 2 more cupcakes (total 4) and make it a box and save $1?".  Well no, I don't simply because I don't want to spend over $20.00 for 4 cupcakes.  It's not that they won't get eaten :-), but there's a law somewhere that it's just not right to spend that much on cupcakes.  So, I only spend a paltry $6.35 on 2 and I DON'T GET A FREAKIN BOX TO CARRY THEY HOME IN!!!!!  This bothers me, since boxes can't be that expensive and for what they charge, at least give me something more than a thin bag with the expensive a** cupcake thrown in that allows the cupcake the freedom to tip over during the ride home.Sorry, cupcakes are supposed to make me happy along with fuzzy bunnies, puppies, rainbows and my new YELP lunchbox that Ben promised he'd give me if he has any left.
3	Love the flavors. They keep the classics and have fun options. I chose two cupcakes: mint chocolate & Irish cream. Great taste on the mint, wanted more flavor in the irish cream. The to-go / take away bags is horrible. It's white paper, not even stamped logo which would make it cuter. It smashes the icing no matter how careful you are. They should have a 2-box. The total was about $6.50. Their specials include saving $1 if you buy 4 and there's also $2 Tuesday.
3	I have reviewed this place before but somehow it disappeared.  They aren't my favorite bakery but they aren't the worst either.  They serve a purpose and if you are on this side of town they are certainly worth checking out!They offer a variety of flavors that rotate daily.  I have tried everything from peanut butter cup, to french toast, irish cream, cookies and cream, margarita, pumpkin spice, to plain vanilla vanilla.  They are definitely "top heavy" so if you don't like icing, don't bother.  The icing is super sweet and stiff so you have to like that texture/flavor.I used to find the cake part to be a little dry but my most recent visit chaned my opinion slightly.  I found the cake to be pretty moist...a little crumbly and a bit bland but better than I remembered from times past.  I am not a fan of the price at roughly $3 per cupcake because the size of the actual cupcake is not any bigger than any other place, but the icing just makes it seem like so much more.  Not cool.Also, beware--the shop is rather small but they have all types of gifts and candy you can indulge in while visiting in case the cupcakes aren't sweet enough for you!  However, they also have a couple long tables where they host little kid parties.  Kids can come and decorate their own cupcake with all the sprinkles and candy and whatever else is available.  I was a victim customer this past visit because there was a little kid party when I walked in to pick up some cupcakes to go.  There were screaming kids and babies with icing-covered faces running all over the place.  It was annoying to say the least and the place isn't big enough to make it comfortable.Again, not a bad place.  I don't make my way out to the Blakeney area often but it is worth stopping in if in the area!
3	For places specializes in cupcakes the actual cupcake portion was mediocre at best. They are a little overpriced at about three dollars per cupcake which is a little high for something that quality is low. The cupcake looks larger than it actually is due to the icing being as tall as the cupcake itself. Not the worst place ever, but definitely not worth going out of your way for.
3	We went here for cupcakes the other day, and none of us were so impressed.  The cake part was ok - nowhere near as good as Gigi's and the frosting was overpoweringly sweet.  The shop is decorated very cute and it looks like they host birthday parties there, which is adorable.  The person who helped us was very nice.  I just think for the amount of money that it is overpriced.
3	The cupcakes here are good (not great) they are pretty and presentable but in a sense plastic. They genuinely lack the decadence for the price you pay. Good for kids events.
2	We have been to Sas cupcakes several times and I have been less than impressed during each visit.  However, today's visit was probably the most disappointing.  During Teacher's Appreciation week, they are marketing an individual box for cupcakes that they have upcharged an additional $1.75.  I fundamentally do not agree with the need to upcharge a box that should be made available when you purchase 1 cupcake or many.  I purchased several cupcakes for the amazing staff at our school, but chose not to purchase the regular cupcake box for them to be placed in.  My belief is that the business should focus and work on making an EXCELLENT product, rather than charging for something that should come with their cupcakes anyway.  Also, I have been to other cupcake shops that have more flavorful and moist cakes.  Overall, I have been disappointed by each experience and will choose not to return.
3	Customer service is nonexistent in Charlotte and this place took follow. For a place that has the word cupcake in their name you would think the cupcakes would actually be good. They're not. That being said I am in here at least once a week to pick up their cake pops for my niece. She has had every cupcake in Charlotte and loves these cake pops. They are pretty good and decently priced. Much better than the cupcakes!
2	If they were selling $1 cupcakes I'd give them 3 Stars.  But they're asking a premium for small cupcakes.  The cupcakes themselves are hard, dry and relatively flavorless.  Frankly, you can get better cupcakes (just the cake portion) at Harris Teeter.  The icing is usually very good.  It's a rich butter cream frosting.  When they get a flavor right, it's good.  When they get it wrong, which is about 50-50, it's not so great.  We tried them 3 times based on feedback from friends and were pleased once.  The other two times we'd rather have had something from a grocery store or just about anywhere else.
3	This place has unique desserts, but I can't say I like them. I tried the soft serve and it tasted just like frozen milk and plain cereal. The Crack Pie was not good in my opinion. Bear in mind the tastes are unique and the fact that I don't like them doesn't mean you won't...
2	I have a sweet tooth and unfortunately love all things sugar. We got a 6 pack of assorted cupcakes for the mom's bday. Verdict: disappointed. Icing is extremely sweet/rich and cake is dry/not much flavor. Trust. I gave multiple flavors a shot.Mer...
5	Not just cupcakes-- cake pops too! Fun place for kids. Try the red velvet!
5	Great cupcakes that look as good as they taste! My favorites are the red velvet and the chocolate chip. The $2 Tuesdays are a great deal for a quick sweet fix
5	Wow.  We bought a dozen assorted cupcakes.  There were no bad choices! We bought the box as we were having out of town family staying with us over the weekend.  They were all delicious and everyone got a favorite flavor.  We were told that since they were fresh we didn't need to refrigerate the cupcakes since we would be eating them within a couple of days & we were keeping them indoors in a cool environment (NC Mountains).  The cupcakes stayed moist and delicious.  We did keep them in the box they came in, so they were protected - we don't have any cats or large dogs to mess with it :-)
2	Went in with the hubby because we each received an offer for a free cupcake. Was told we couldn't use both offers, even though we are two separate people. We were buying more than 2 cupcakes, so I'm not sure what the problem was. I suppose they felt that it was better to take my money once rather than make me a repeat customer. Minus one star for crap service.The cupcakes themselves were subpar. I've had amazing cupcakes from places like Georgetown Cupcake and Red Velvet, but these were just okay. Beautifully presented but one was WAY too buttery, one was very dry and the others were not spectacular. In fact, I've had a stomach ache all night since sampling. I have definitely made better at home. Minus 2 starts for bad cupcakes.Save your money, time and stomachs and go somewhere else.
