4	Stumbled into this place after stopping by the Halo thrift store on 7th Ave.  Great selection of CDs (used and new), vinyl (not really my thing), and DVDs (mostly used, good titles and mostly under $10).  I found two CDs I've been looking for lately - one new, one used, for a total of $17!  The only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 was the fact that the rooms are pretty small and that makes it hard for browsing if anyone else is in the same aisle.  Parking could also be an issue but I just pulled my moped right up to the building.  :)
4	My new favorite local record store. They have a great vinyl selection, especially the $1 12" singles. I've picked up a lot of good classic disco 12" releases from West End, etc here on the cheap. The new vinyl is decently priced. I just picked up the new Radiohead record for I believe $12. Another really awesome thing about this record store is the punch card they give you. 1 punch for each $10 you spend, 10 punches gets you $10 worth of free music. A record store certainly doesn't have to give you free music for buying music, you're going to do it anyways. Pretty awesome!I heard they're going to start hosting shows here on Friday nights. Sounds like I'll definitely have to come in a check this out. If you're a dj, this is essential for the 12" finds. If you just love music, it's essential for everything else. Staff is awesome and friendly as well.
5	Found this place next door to my favorite coffee joint; copper star. I walked in not really expecting much, but sometimes love is like belly button lint...it just shows up out of nowhere; unexpected; and I fell in love with Revolver records.I love vinyl and this place has an amazing selection as well as fair prices and an overall hip atmosphere. A Dylan record played when I walked in and after that Donovan setting the perfect mood as I shopped through all the records I could ever hope to shop through, looked over t-shirts (unexpectedly, genuinely hip compared to those i have seen in what i origionally thought to be similar stores in the past), and picked out a few buttons to make myself feel in full force awesomeness like I was in high school. I also picked out an independantly produced DVD of some local bands that I am excited to check out. All in all this is my happy place. Damn the man. Save the empire.
4	I really like this place.  Let's see what we have here:  Tons of vinyl records (some at $1.00 prices)?  Check.  A collection of obscure Psych rock vinyl?  Check.  Old dudes talking vinyl collecting?  Check.  Weird older guy jabbering about the old days when his band played somewhere (you suspect he's now homeless)?  Check.  Rare 70s vinyl cuts playing on the stereo?  Check.  Incense wafting through the store?  Check.  It's a little bit cramped there with so much merch, but a terrific little store for vinyl afficianados.
5	Finally checked this place out during the Melrose Street Fair last week.  The selection is UNBELIEVABLE!  I even told them I would work for free on weekends!  Like High Fidelity!There is vinyl.  Lots of vinyl.  I wish I still have my record player.  That's right.  I don't say turntable :P  I'm old skool.The CD collection was awesome!  Went there with a male friend, same age as I am.  We kept shouting out "Holy crap, The Tubes!"  And "OMG they have Black Flag!"Prices are very reasonable.  Staff is super-friendly.GO THERE!
4	Now this is what im talking about! i didnt think a place like this existed in Phoenix. i wouldnt be surprised to see this type of record store tucked into the heart of The Village in NYC. It is small and has an organized chaos that is essential for any good record store. As you approach the entrance you can catch the faint smell of nag champa, again, a necessity for a great music shop. The selection is fantastic. I was able to find some old Grateful Dead records that I didnt even know existed.
5	I wandered in after coffee at Copper Star next door and I can't believe I hadn't been here before. I adored it. Even though it is jam-packed full and cramped, almost slightly uncomfortable, I think it makes me like it even more, like it is busting at the seams with music!So much vinyl, I can't wait to bring my dad here when he is in town next month, he will spend hours going through their huge selection to add to his stereo room. The staff seems super friendly and knowledgeable.  I bought a used Sergio Mendes cd for $6 in great condition.. and better yet "Pillow Talk" with Doris Day & Rock Hudson for $1.50. It doesn't get much better than that!Such a cute area, I don't know why I don't spend more time on Melrose.
4	More vinyl than Dita von Teese's closet. If you can imagine. Man, they really cram the LP's into every nook and cranny. I took my friends' here as they are huge music buffs, especially alternative stuff. Me? Pretty mainstream and very 80s...think Cyndi Lauper, Talking Heads and Madonna. But they found some They Must Be Giants and other obscure bands mama never heard of. Two things struck me as interesting here:1) When Rickie asked the clerk if she could suggest any music they may have he could use for a runway show, she quickly and without thought, said, "I have NO idea." Alrighty then slacker! 2) I saw two packages of pencils, for sale, hanging on the wall. When I asked her why they sold pencils she quickly and without thought, said, "Well, cuz we're an art supply store you know?" Nope. Didn't know that slacker. Sorry to disturb your vertical nap.But for all you music lovers, looking for some oldies but goodies, I would imagine this is a very cool place to get your vinyl swag. And if you do go, give lil Miss Sunshine a hug for me.
4	While on my way to the Fry Bread House I heard the echoes of a Ramones song that I hadn't heard in years. That was when I first saw her she beckoned me in. I couldn't turn away, those beautiful albums on vinyl hanging from her walls. Stacks of CD's that burned me up inside. The mere sight of them I could not refuse. Everything from At The Drive-in to ZZ-Top. This was too good to be true. And that DVD collection of hers... Was this for real? Was I allowed to see what was before me and feel my way through what she had to offer? She let me flip through her movies and I was lured in further. That's when it happened. Sid and Nancy. The out-of-print Criterion Collection version. I felt my heart race and my breath quicken. Only $7? This had moved from beyond mere lust. I was in love.That is true romance, young men. Something that was effortless and cost next to nothing. I began to question my faithfulness to Stinkweeds and Zia. What if they found out? That would be the end of it. That's when she began to purr out New Order. That's when I knew everything was going to be alright and going back to that place would be our little secret and that it would always be as good as the first time.
4	This is the kind of sprawling vinyl store I love frequenting. Boxes piled everywhere, you could never get through the whole thing in one visit.  The idea is to come for an hour and pick through whatever is on your mind, hoping to unearth a treasure or two.I was tempted over and over again here as I browsed through their selection.  Both new and used records seemed reasonably priced.  They also have supplies and such, so its a full service stop.  Employees were friendly and seemed knowledgeable. If you want to start building your vinyl collection, careful frequent visits to Revolver's is a great start. And of course for those looking to round out what you already have, you'll pry find something here as well.  I certainly did.
4	This is my second (sorry, Revolver!) favorite store in all of the valley.  They have a great selection of everything from original press punk to old blues to metal to you name it. The non-commercialized atmosphere is a huge plus and the people who work there are really helpful.  You know your in a good record store when you have to sit down and thumb thru endless boxes and stacks.  Its one of those stores you can't go into and not buy anything.  They can be a little more expensive than other stores, but they have one of the better vinyl collections in this dust bowl.
4	I really was most impressed with this rather hard to locate record store (I was visting the area from New Jersey).  Turns out the owner was familar to me of this store, as he was a long time employee at our world famous Princenton Record Exchange (which is HUGE, and houses over one million albums, that are in heavy rotation weekly!!!). I secured some old and new vinyl that I've been searching for..they have a decent psych vinyl section, mainly repressings, but that work stoo..why pay a grand for a fraction album, when you can purchase the repressing for $18.00? I even located afew cool tee shirts, and band pins in there...it was a pleasure to search thruogh their stock...I passed on the DVDs, they had a number of both new and used ones..the store was clean and efficently laidout....their rock section was right on the money...hard to find British bands like Status QWuo and Uriah Heep on vinyl just made my day....they even were gracious enough to media mail my purchases back to me....friendly staff, and well worth a visit...I will certaintly return there when I'm back in your lovely sun fried state od AZ.
5	They had Gay Beast in stock...has to be awesome based on that alone. A good selection of vinyl for those who never gave it up.
3	3 stars based on the lackluster hip-hop selection at the time of my shopping. 5 stars based on the rest of the location. and my follow up reviews will reflect the 5 stars.i love vinyl, i have crates of records. one of the greatest thing about them right now...they come with download codes to get them digitally as well. that kinda sells the record twice. love it. need to get into this store with a fat wallet. the metal section looked pretty tasty.
3	meh.I feel like I just go here because it exists.The lighting/atmosphere/carpet gives it a gross "office-y" vibe which is not very inviting while you clack through a plethora of records- however, Arizona doesn't boast killer vinyl shops either.I will say staff has been friendly every visit, and they are very willing to  special order anything for you.3 stars for great location and carrying staples like nag champa ...oh yeah, and fancy red bags for record purchases.UPDATE**** so I looked at the pictures posted, and I guess there is no carpet. However my memory/impression of the place suggests otherwise. (hint hint)*******also, I did not give enough cred for the extensive selection of pretty rare/obscure funky stuff.
3	great addition to the downtown Phoenix neighborhood retail offerings and their live music offerings are much appreciated.  While they did not have a deep selection in the particular genre I was looking for, there is still plenty to browse and like Eastside the prices seem fair, lower priced bargains as well as higher priced rarities/collectibles. Well worth a browse every once in awhile and I  hope they stick around for a long time to come!
4	Being a record nerd in Phoenix used to be a bit more difficult.  Granted there are a couple good record stores, ones that as a record nerd I have spent hundreds of dollars at but there was always a void that had to be filled with  trips to San Francisco or Los Angeles.Revolver Records fills that void.  Any self respecting record nerd must fill his/her shelves with obscure Krautrock, Prog, Psych and Jazz.  And Revolver has it, along with less obtuse titles.  The thing that I find most impressive is that they are always buying records, when going through their new arrivals section it is always full of new things, not the same records that have been there for months.  They also have bands play their on First Friday and have live experimental music on sunday nights.  I am so glad that Revolver opened in Phoenix and am glad that I can give them my hard earned cash in exchange for cool records.
5	The staff here is the friendliest of any record store I've been to in a long time. They helped my friend pick out a record player and gave us great recommendations of other cool shops to check out while we were visiting phoenix.The store is pretty big and has a great selection of records. Check out the David Hasselholf calendar in their office!
4	They have a nice selection of vinyl.
1	I was totally surprised how rude the costumer service was this afternoon. A friend of mine stopped by to pick up his order of record sleeves that he had ordered a long time ago and when he received them they were not all there that he ordered plus they were all bent sleeves. So he ended up ordering 20 of the sleeves instead all 50 of them.  When the staff person was on the phone she didn't even explain the whole situation to her boss about the sleeves that he wanted . And on top of that she makes a rude comment on the phone to her boss in front of him and gives him a staring glare.  And the staff person cont. to say, "oh! you probably don't want a bag to go with that."  My friend did need a bag for his record sleeves. I thought it was so immature and rude of this staff person who treated this friend of mine. After seeing that I completely changed my mind to buying anything there and not even support a local business the way my good friend was treated so rudely. We are not wasting our time and energy with a place like that again. Revolver records hire mature people not H.S. rude attitude staff.
5	Revolver Records is hands down the best used vinyl record shop in Phoenix. Tracks N Wax is still good, but Revolver has them beat with the huge amounts of vinyl as well as their prices. They also have large amounts of new records as well. The staff is relatively well informed and their gradings for vinyl records are extremely fair. Revolver also host concerts, film viewings and more. Check Revolver out when in downtown Phoenix and especially on First Fridays!
4	I'm updating my review with an awesome story and question.I last visited Revolver in May during my First Friday wanderings.  I found myself a cool old Prince 12" and didn't think too much about it, until I put it on.  Sweet jeebus this was dirty - I swear that someone was actually having sex in the background.  It made Controversy sound like Pat Boone and it was AWESOME.  I am so thankful that I stumbled across this rare gem in amongst the stacks of musty vinyl at Revolver.So now I ask you, where else but in the crates can you find that kind of experience?  It's certainly not found in the iTunes store.  Support the cool local record stores kids, before they're all gone and the government forces us all to listen to Justin Bieber.
5	This place is the only place it in Phoenix that I know of where you can get the sweet warm and lovely sound of vinyl in your possession. To help her super friendly and wonderful, groovy and cool.I'm sure if you're a staunch purist for final and live in the Phoenix area you are enough about this place. They've got allot of the fine old punk jams on vinyl and a whole lot of other gems. It's one of those places you just have to check out for yourself. You know flip through the selections that they have in stock and see if you find any priceless gems. I love it love it love it!
4	The advent of on-line tunes means that record stores are a dying breed.  For some reason record stores always have that same smell, part good will, part social consciousness, part smugness.  I for one, hope that record stores don't all disappear.  Good mix of music.  Mostly used items, but lots and lots of vinyl.  Plus they always play great music to shop to.  It's across the street from Carly's so its a great place to attempt to walk off some brunch on the weekend on nice days.
4	Great place to find what you need in the world of music or DVD's. It also smells amazing when you walk in.....incense.
3	This place sets me back about $50 every time I visit.  I can't resist buying the CDs I didn't buy back in the day and finally having them!  So, why does the cashier offer the guy in front of me a frequent shopper card when he only buys 1 thing, and not offer it to me when I buy a handful?  It's in my neighborhood, so I wish they treated me better.
4	Revolver Records is my favorite music shop in Phoenix.  I have never left empty handed.  The vinyl selection is nice.  Mostly used but there's a decent selection of new vinyl as well.  The new arrivals bin always has something in to worth taking home.  You'll also find a good selection of used cd's and dvd's.I don't always find a lot of what I'm looking for but most of the stock is generated from locals selling off their collection so it does reflect local music tastes.  Revolver is a good place to check if you're on the market for a turntable, receivers or speakers too.They even have a small used book shelf that usually has some good stuff.  I walked away with a book about Robert Williams paintings on one of my last visits.Revolver Records is a great local shop.  If you like buying vinyl or just checking out the local joints make sure you drop by here sometime.
3	I love record stores. Let me repeat that: I love record stores.At 14, I was singing the praises of vinyl to anyone who would listen, and so few of my peers understood that music simply sounds better on vinyl. At 25, I'm still a huge fan of vinyl - and continue to build my collection. Now, I recognize that vinyl has sported the tunes of bands like Fleetwood Mac (a fave of mine), Steve Winwood and Ella Fitzgerald, and that these records are in demand and fairly available. For those types of records, Revolver is great. But what disappointed me is the lack of rare or semi-rare albums. I'm talking The Byrds Sweetheart of The Rodeo, Gram Parsons anything, Emmylou Harris or The Association. Sadly, none of those were found, so I'll be looking elsewhere.
5	So, I visited this record store once before, back when they were next to Copper Star.  They have since moved locations and greatly expanded.  I felt like I was walking into a scene from High Fidelity.  The dudes behind the counter were super chill, and answered all of my many (probably a bit annoying) questions about turntables and speakers.  Though I didn't buy a turntable (I was informed that I needed a receiver and they didn't have one at that time) I still walked out with two Stevie Nicks albums and one by the Fleet Foxes.  I can't wait to get the gear so I can listen to my new stuff, and I will certainly be back for more music.  They have a huge selection of all genres, and they are reasonably priced, too!  For every ten bucks you spend you get a little punch on your punch card, and once it's filled (I think) it's good for ten dollars off your next purchase.   All in all, I'd say they spun me right round...ok, bad joke.Keep it real.
5	When yelpzilla needs new tunes this is where he goes. The dollar bins are the stuff of legend. this past fourth of july the dollar bis were 4 for a dollar. i got Micheal Jackson, CSN, CCR, Neil young, Deep purple, Johnny Cash (on SUN!) and many other great finds for a quarter each. I've scored stuff here that I've never seen before or after. This place is a digger's dream. The staff is so helpful and so willing to make sure you find what you need. The majority of titles are priced between $2 and $7. The jazz and hiphop sections are amazing as well. One point of clarification in response to the crappy review from Page below: She wrote"But what disappointed me is the lack of rare or semi-rare albums. I'm talking The Byrds Sweetheart of The Rodeo, Gram Parsons anything, Emmylou Harris or The Association. Sadly, none of those were found, so I'll be looking elsewhere." Honey, all of those records are common and most of them are in the dollar bins. 4 or five copies of each. There is nothing rare about the association or Emmylou Harris. everytime I've been in and I'm there every week, there are reissue copies of Gram and there has been a used copy of Sweatheart in VG condition sitting in the bin for a month.Hands down the best vinyl in PHX!
5	work sent me back to Phoenix again for a week (yes, please send sympathy letters via email) so, to make the most of it, I did a multi-day record buying binge. I actually only was able to go to 3 places, this place, Tumbleweeds, and Tracks and Wax. Even though I spent the most dough at Tracks and Wax, i liked Revolver the best of the 3. this place is one of those perfect sort of disorganized, over-packed , slighty dingy places which a vinyl lover like me loves to go through. Pricing was a mish-mash, they had some stuff which was way over-priced, but also very cheap, albeit kinda trashed items for $1-$3. ----I found some gems under $5 as well-....but for example, I scored a Kraftwerk Tour De France 7" with a messed up cover, with writing on the sleave, and scuffed up vinyl for $7.99. I would normally have passed on that, unless it was under $5. The staff seemed too cool for school, but that never bothers me. All in all, I spent a good hour and half and found $60 worth of decent scores here
4	I haven't been to many record stores in the Phoenix area, but this is the best one i've been to so far.  I know it's kind of lame, but I still like CD's, and this place isn't bad.  They don't order a ton of new CD's, but not many places do anymore.  They still have a good selection.  Their best feature is the vinyl.  Very large selection of many all genres.  They also pay pretty decent money for purchasing your used music.  And to top it off the staff is pretty cool.  check it out!
4	...it isn't Used Kids or Vintage Vinyl, but considering the size of the space they sure do cram a lot of quality into this place.  Good prices and (relatively) friendly employees - not a 'destination' record store, but worth stopping by if you're in the area.
1	This used to be such a great record store but sadly their selection of records has become one of the worst in Phoenix.  The last time I went there I found out that one of the owners has left(the one who knew a ton about vinyl) so it is really sad to see the rapid decline.  Prices have gotten higher and quality of vinyl is terrible.  I wouldn't recommend coming here anymore, there are way better options in town.  It is almost like this is becoming a low-end version of Zia records without the selection.  Employees used to be fun and knowledgeable now it is almost unrecognizeable down to the terrible music being played in store.  Used to be a place to find great lps, great live music and experimental shows now just a boring store.
4	Can't wait to go back. I was told they will be opening another location in Tempe, did I hear Southern and Mill? Somewhere nearby.Great vinyl - I bought some classic Dead and Allman Brothers - 5 albums for about $39. They had tons of options, Jazz, R&B, Bluegrass, Rock, Pop etc. All of the albums I purchased were in excellent condition, no skipping or static. They also have CD's and other fun stuff.
4	What a great store. I am excited for the new location to open next week in Tempe
5	This is the kind of place everyone needs to support. Good selection fair prices and sell some nice extras like sleeves for old 78s. Looks, feels and smells like a record store from the moment you walk in. I'm happy to actually buy music from this company as they do things right.
5	Great selection, cool vibe.  Prices are very fair.  They find a ton of obscure stuff, and have all the classics too.
4	I love vinyl and this is my hood vinyl store. The staff rocks with enthusiasm and their prices are fair. Luv me some revolver!
5	Happiness is a warm gun. I think about that turn of phrase a lot. What it means is up for debate, ask the dearly departed spirit of John Lennon next time you have a seance if you think it really matters. To me, happiness is a new record, and one of the best spots to chase that high is at Revolver.   Revolver is always changing, like the line up of any particular Brian Jonestown Massacre album, you'll never be quite sure what's in stock- and isn't that half the fun? For me it is. I love the excitement that comes with perusing that new arrivals bin, thumbing through each and every 45, sometimes you come up for air after an intense dive into the murky depths with nothing, emptyhanded and at a loss. A person could easily write off the joint as a bust and never come back, and secretly I hope they do, 'cause then there's less competition amongst the audiophiles that haunt the establishment like barnacles on an ancient ships hull.  In all honesty whenever good stuff comes in, and it does all the time, it's usually snatched up. Somedays it's you doing the snatching, and other days it's some beardy faced bespectacled asshole with his hitlerian hairdo perfectly quaffed sauntering away with that Stone Roses lp that was by all rights yours, I mean c'mon that hipster dingus probably can't even name one member of the band and you just know he snatched that up out of your clutches from a purely spiteful place, fuck him right?? *AHEM*  Revolver holds this special place in my heart, it was where I was baptised in fire and began this journey down the lonely path of the vinyl enthusiast. I remember bringing my entire CD library and trading it straight out for a turn table, speakers, a receiver and my very first album (Stevie Wonder's Songs in the Key of Life). How green and naive I was to this whole world back then, how intimidated and bumbling I was; but the fine gentlemen of Revolver dashed about the store assembling it all for me, cherry picking their favorite pieces of equipment the shop had stashed away and making sure I was getting hooked up, or "turned on tuned in and dropped out". If revolver was a house of the lord in the faith of the one true apostolic church of vinyl I'd like to think myself a thoroughly devout layman, eager to discover what mysteries awaited.
5	I found all the old music and movies I love in this place as well as many new ones for a price so low I couldn't believe it! If you're gonna buy a record or a movie check these guys. The money you save and the rare gems you found make this a spot worth hitting up every time you're looking for new tunes. Pros: Good prices Cons: They didn't want to buy my old movies and music
