5	My mind keeps going back to dumplings.  Yes, there's a great Chili Chicken and also an excellent Tom Yum Soup, even a superlative Pad Thai with Shrimp.  But I keep going back to the dumplings.The owners of this small, newly started restaurant (the place has just recently opened in the waning days of August, replacing the short-lived Hibachi Express and the even shorter-lived take-out version of O'Yummy Sushi) are a Chinese husband and wife team.  The wife of the pair is a master dumpling maker with all manner of steamed dumplings, pan fried dumplings, chicken dumplings, pork and vegetable dumplings.  I have been eating dumplings for days and days...  Her husband has his specialty in making Thai dishes in addition to the native Chinese dishes, and in between the dumplings, I have been going back for their tasty Thai and Chinese food.  But I keep going back for the dumplings...  I think you should give them a try!
4	You can always trust a recommendation from Vincent! Tried it last night to ring in the new year after Les Mis. Unfortunately, there were no dumplings left to be had, but the pad Thai, spring rolls and mu shu chicken were really good. Will be back soon.Thanx Vincent!
4	You can always trust a recommendation from Vincent! Tried it last night to ring in the new year after Les Mis. Unfortunately, there were no dumplings left to be had, but the pad Thai, spring rolls and mu shu chicken were really good. Will be back soon.Thanx Vincent!I'm very lucky that this place is just around the corner from me! Did the take-out thing yet again las night. Once again, no dumplings, but rather than getting upset, opted for the steamed pork buns (OMG GOOD!!), cashew chicken, and 4 spring rolls. Plenty enough for the two of us and at just $22.00, fantastic value. I so love this place.
2	I'll start off my review by noting:MANAGEMENT HAS CHANGED, as of November 4, 2013.In short, that means none of the dumplings mentioned below, as the couple described in the older reviews has moved back to China (the new owners tell me).A lot of things on the new menu (eg. DUMPLINGS!) were out of stock when we went. After further discussion, it seems as though they're still undecided if they're going to offer it, even though it was on their new Grand Opening menu. Almost chose braised pork in chestnut sauce ($8.99), to find out the daily special on a handwritten board was also out of stock! Ended up substituting chicken and having an eggplant dish ($7.99), for two hungry people.The food was good, freshly made for us (I am still sad about not eating dumplings however). However, the price is high, as those two dishes plus two bowls of rice came out to $20 and some cents, definitely not what we expected to pay for the quantity of food. If we paid $5 per dish, I would consider coming back, but not at this price, which I consider too expensive for fast food.No wi-fi.
2	The food used to be quite good, but since the change in management there's been a steep decline in quality; nothing tastes as fresh or carefully made. We had an issue with delivery as well. Despite being only 10 minutes from the place, it somehow took nearly two hours for the food to get to our house. When it finally got there, the food was okay - the crispy potatoes with beans in spicy sauce were the best thing. I ended up pretty sick the next day, so I don't think we'll be ordering from there again.
1	Went here for lunch with a co-worker last week. The place seemed to be run by teenagers who left after taking our order to go back to high school. We shared spicy beef and spicy and salted seafood dishes. The spicy beef was ok at best. The seafood was more like dog food. We both felt sick as dogs all afternoon. Very nauseous!WOULD NOT RECOMMEND!
