3	I must admit this was my fave place to go just because of the atmosphere and the awesome happy hour.... $.50 drafts ! I have noticed though in the last couple of months it has become more popular and now the laid back atmosphere I used to love has turned to waiting in long lines, having to wait on waitresses while they talk and drink prices rising. I still like this place, but will not frequent it as much because of the drop in customer service... just because you have more customers now does not allow for slacking on cust. service :) that is why I give it 3 stars.....
3	So when your traveling for business...one thing you always do. Visit a strip club!! Hit it up despite not being highly reviewed, because a friend from Phoenix did recommend.  First thing you notice is it is relatively decent sized space. Even on a decently busy night, you got enought room to not feel boxed in.Overall , the layout works and it  definitely has a classy flare. Not a ghetto club or neighborhood "strip club". Dancers- A few stunners!!  Overall a nice selection. However, man were they upselling. I get it, you are here to make money. But, I am not here to start every girl on a retirement plan. If you impress me sure, but hawking for tips the entire time gets old. DJ- No complaints.  Wasn't beat to death with rap ..which was a nice change. Service- Yeah for sure they can use a little work on the service side. Actually had to wait for a bartender to quit chatting so i could get my first drink. Staff is friendly, but just need a little work on being attentive is all.  But you are certainly made to feel welcome at all times.
1	I had the opposite experience from the other reviewers. When first walking in I was impressed with the size of this club, it's very large and has several stages and atleast 2 bars. I went with a friend and my boyfriend and we sat near the front stage.The music was all rap music which is annoying, I would like some diversity.Watching the girls I was unimpressed, they didn't know how to do any pole tricks and looked awkward dancing. One girl was a messy drunk on stage, she was entertaining to watch.A customer walked by and knocked my friend entire margarita over. I told one of the guys who worked there and he came by and wiped the table. My friend told him that the drink spilled all over her purse and he said "accidents happen". I was really pissed by his dismissive attitude because the least he could have done is offer her a towel to wipe off her purse.  If the club was really up to par they would have offered to replace her drink which was not cheap for such a small drink.We were there for a little over a half hour and none of the girls that we asked to come dance for us came by.After getting that bad impression from the snotty worker I decided we had to leave and as we walked out we noticed the drunk dancer vomiting at a table. Disgusting.It's a beautiful club and I was excited to go here after hearing it advertised on the radio but they really need to work on their customer service cause they lost me. There aws nothing to bring me back to that club, most of the girls were flat chested and didn't know how to dance. Why would I go back?
4	6 stages, 3 bars, VIP section, almost always poppin'.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! I went with two co-workers last night (Wednesday) and it was ladies night! ONE DOLLAR WELL DRINKS TIL MIDNIGHT! I drank 4 in about 30 minutes and was drunk. The inside is beautiful. I love the setup and the lights. The staff were all very friendly and welcoming. Some of the dancers were eh, not very pretty or very good dancers. One even told a bouncer I was taking pictures (which I wasn't) he wasn't rude when he approached me. Some of the girls were amazing. Dances are only 10 bucks. I spent a total of only 20 bucks or so. Definitely worth it. I'll be going back very soon.Oh, did I mention Wednesday is also amature night? You can win 500 bucks by dancing on stage for 30 seconds. The audience picks the winner. It was a good time. I'm thinking about maybe trying it next week.
5	UFC stripper cage fight! Enough said.
4	My buddy was in town shortly and it was the last day he was going to be here so we wanted him to enjoy his last night here since all he could think of asking for was titties and snatch. Fair enough. Here's the breakdown: No need to worry about issues...there is armed security in the lot. You won't be raping and  you won't be getting raped. "Hide yo kids, hide yo wife..." Google it if you have no idea what I'm talking about. Door guys and such were not aggressive or the stereotypical "I work here and can beat your ass, better r'spect me"-type. THANK GOD, I hate those type of guys. Parking is typically plentiful. They've got a huge, huge lot. Cover is relatively inexpensive. It's anywhere from free to $10 a head. I don't know about chicks, we didn't go with any. Lap dances were $10 a piece and we did enjoy them. They weren't rushed...I've had shitty rushed lap dances before. Chicks were on and off before I could even finish a drink at some places. This was not the case with the lap dances I got here. Drinks were moderate priced. It's a strip club. Of course they're going to change you a high price. I just didn't think we were gouged more than any other place of this nature. There was a cute waitress walking around with their "specials" which was $5 patron shots. Girls. Of course there was A LOT of girls. They've got a main stage and a few smaller stages. Girls on all of them. Girls walking around too. I was well pleased with the appearances of the girls. They were all good looking. Music was hip hop of course. It was loud but not loud enough that you can't talk to your friend seated next to you. Overall, I liked it. I peruse a lot of strip clubs in my heyday and definitely wouldn't mind coming back here again. My friends that I came with left satisfied, heh.
1	One star. Have my id and they denied me for nor reason other than I have basketballl shorts on. I'm in town for a freaking BCS Bowling Game are you kidding me????!! What a bunch of idiots!
4	Wow, I love this club.   But have the money to afford it. lol   Not too many dudes and many beautiful woman. At least on Friday night. :)    Alexandria  is the best professional dancer i have ever met at this club. :)  19 years old, long black curly hair, no tattoos, no scars, no moles, no pimples. She does have a beautiful belly button diamond looking piercing. :)  Perfect body, and perfect personality. :)     i had a great time with her in the VIP section.  I was a perfect gentleman. I treat woman with respect. I would not be surprised if many men fell in love with her.    only drawback is that the cook did not show up so Me and a friend ended up leaving to eat at Denny's.  Too bad, i would have stayed longer if i had something to eat instead of beer. I hope to meet Alexandria again soon, i really enjoyed her company.
1	.........
