3	I have really mixed feelings about the CORE Institute.  My two main problems with CORE are 1) it's drive-thru pain management and 2) AHCCCS patients seem to be treated with lesser care.Having said that, I don't have any experience with other pain mgmt clinics to compare and contrast whether they have the same issues. I was referred here last year because of persistent back pain that I've had since at least 2011. I've had lower back pain since high school, at all kinds of weight--thin, heavy, in between. But it became so bad that I could no longer walk 1 1/2 miles at a time...then 1 mile...and then when it got to 1/2 mile, I went to my primary care physican for help. I was eventually sent to CORE, where I met a spine surgeon. Jesus, what an arrogant asshole. He snarled at me like I was beneath him, told me my problems were all because I was fat, and even WHEN I had an MRI and it showed degenerative disc disease, a bulging disc, and a herniated disc, he exaggerated how VERY SMALL the bulge was and how "you really SHOULDN'T be in that much pain."Excuse me? Now I'm not allowed to feel pain because it's not worthy of his attention? Seriously? He sent me to physical therapy, which worked at first, and then exacerbated my pain to unbelievable levels. I stuck with it, though, because I kept thinking all I had to do was complete it, and I'd be fixed. Nope. With a great deep sigh, doucheface sent me to a pain doctor.This isn't really important, but I should probably warn anyone headed here that most of the doctors look like GQ models. I was startled when my first pain doctor entered the room. I guess I had been expecting an old dude with a croaky voice and I got a mega tall basketball player doc instead. Don't get me wrong, the first doc was nice--but nice isn't what I needed when I could barely walk and my pain was getting so bad I was regularly throwing up and sometimes even passing out from it. I needed efficiency, not small talk and charm. So I began doing steroid epidurals. They didn't help--none of them. I almost felt guilty when he would ask how they helped, and I had to say they didn't, at all.Time went by, and the first pain doctor transferred to his own practice in another state, so I began seeing the second pain doctor. He was curt and abrupt in the first couple of appointments, but I guess when you deal with fakers every day, you have to separate the wheat from the chaff. He also scolded me about my weight. I gained 60 lbs in 2012 from a medication I was put on, and almost directly afterward, while I was exercising to work it off, my pain began to soar to the point that I sought help. I have a history of eating disorders counting back to middle school, so the topic of weight is extremely sensitive to me. But I am aware that the more weight on a person, the worse the pain and the harder it is for the joints to move.I continued with the rx regimen and in the meantime, my new primary care physician referred me to a rheumatologist, who confirmed that in addition to degenerative disc disease and the herniated disc, I also have fibromyalgia. I continued with the nerve blocks, but also started Neurontin, hoping that would help both the widespread and lower lumbar pain. The pain in my back persisted, so I opted for radiofrequency ablation; the first done in the beginning of March, and the other done yesterday. My rheumy also discovered I have osteoarthritis in my knees. I've had pain in my knees for years, but I think being heavy was insult to injury (pun intended).My pain has been persistently severe enough that I still regularly throw up or pass out. I have relayed this to staff, but I was met with the insistence that the rx regimen I am on now (which is not that high, medication wise, and in relation to other DDD patients I know) is the absolute most I can take. To say that this is frustrating is the understatement of a year. You never know how many little things you can miss until your very ability to walk, work, play sports, and generally function are taken away. I almost feel as if I'm not expressing myself eloquently enough, because the dr and PA smile unblinkingly at me. I understand there's a modicum of professionalism, but I am really suffering, and thank goodness I have faith and positivity, as well as the love of friends and family, bc an ordinary person would really struggle with her sanity in the face of all this pain. And I remember that there are all sorts of people in all sorts of worse situations than I am. It makes sense to be detached in an atmosphere like pain management. But I would appreciate just a little twinge of empathy, just once.The new building on 25th Ave is atrocious. The lobby is like a basketball court, with echoing shouts of names from the receptionists and a little store tucked in the corner. The hallways leading to the exam rooms are like something out of The Shining. The building makes me feel small and frail. Try the CORE Institute & see what you think.
5	Recently moved to this much larger, beautiful facility,  just off the 17, so it's very easy to navigate to.  Ample close parking, a bonus for those seeking treatment with limited mobility. Upon walking through the front entrance for patients,  you're greeted with a large waiting area that is very clean, classy, updated and stylish! You check in at the desk and head back to the appropriate treatment area for you, in my case I need a private room, and cannot be treated out in the main room, maybe someday when I am moved up to working on strength building, but for now I am confined to the private rooms for manual work on my ribs. It would be hella awkward to be out on the main floor with everyone watching me get a rib rub down,  so I am grateful for places that have private rooms like this, and they are very nice!My physical therapist, Krystle is an amazing magical manipulators of mad muscles. She rocks! Very highly quialified and professional. She is even certified in a dry needling technique which looks similar to acupuncture, which someday I might be giving a try, but at the moment I personally cannot fathom any pointy objects anywhere near my hypersensitive rib area, but maybe it's for you, and I have heard she produces amazing results, and instantaneous healing.Update: I totally had Dry Needling done by the amazing Krystle Alexander and she was absolutely stellar at it! The first few, I didn't even know she put them in, and I was extremely nervous and anxiety was flooding through me, but she put me at ease, and her intensely skilled hands did a superb job! I made it through almost 60 needles in my back! That is a huge accomplishment for me and it would not have been possible without Krystle doing such an outstanding job!I also have had the pleasure of working with the ultra-knowledgable "Bill"/William, and he REALLY knows what he is doing! I think I remember learning that he used to own his own practice at one time, and jokes he has been doing this for like 100 years, but he is totally a young spirit, with wise and skillfully professional hands! Thanks for all your help and expertise, Bill!The CORE Institute was a great experience for physical therapy, and I would definitely recommend you give them a try if your body is in need of some rehabilitation!
4	I went to the large orthopedic medical practice for a second opinion on the SI joint issue I was having. The place is very large and very nice and is certainly setup to handle volumes of patients. But the have a great flow and system and the PA I saw did a thorough examination and concurred the previous diagnosis and treatment method. I think this is a very good practice.
1	Was rescheduled twice. I work in the dental field so I know the difficulty experienced with the health field schedule. But to be rescheduled the day before both times? Really? Time to hire more associates. They get one star only because the employees manning the phones seem very friendly on the phone.
