5	I had a fantastic experience at this salon.My stylist is Shirley and I highly recommend her and Destination Manhattan. The salon is luxe and they sell Kerastase products. The stylists work in private rooms which is really nice, because it allows for great conversations! Shirley spent 2.5 hours with me, really talking to me about my hair, what I like, what I don't like, what I need my hair to do for me and what I must avoid... I left with absolutely silky hair and products in hand to fit my needs. She is truly a master - she crafted my tangled split ends into a stunning and chic style that kept my length but improved my texture. I feel fantastic!
5	I just had to write in today, because I truly love the Destination Spa on Hualapai Way. My hair dresser, Stephanie Smith is spectacular! She sees things about my hair I just could never figure out, she makes suggestions and this past appointment she made some changes to my look and it's wonderful! Easy to fix by myself during the week as well.She has a talent and definite gift with her job. She is also warm and caring.I would recommend her to everyone I know.Recently I had just been to see her, then went to another store, and this lady just kept going on and on about how beautiful my hair was, and she wanted Stephanie's phone number. I have never been complimented so much.I wanted everyone to know they have a place they can go and trust the care that will be given to them by this company. On top of all of this, the prices are awesome as well..Please step out of your box and try someone and some place new..Liz Cabrera
5	I loved this spa! I did a detox that included, a steam room session, a jet tub with detox body soak  and a rain shower with an awesome scrub. All filled with aromatherapy and scented oils. The girl was so helpful and nice and the whole spa was relaxing! My skin feels amazing and I will be coming back!
5	I loved this place! I had a bachelorette party of 6 this weekend, and everyone wanted to go to spa. Lord knows that the spas on the strip are expensive, so I found this one on groupon. The place is very quaint and intimate. We all received a facial, hydro-therapy and steam room treatment. The service was excellent! They had champagne and hor-dourves ready for us. They also gave us a cute goody-bag with our names on it! I was such a great experience! I definitely recommend this place to everyone.
5	Nice, comfortable atmosphere. Sharon is a great stylist and amazing colorist.
5	I have been going to Destination Manhattan for quite some time and feel awful for just now writing this review! The facility is always clean, bright and relaxing. I go there mainly for manicures and pedicures, but I've had other spa services in the past and it was no different than the much more expensive hotel spas. They also have a fun selection of boutiquey retail items that I usually find myself indulging in. They also make great, unique gifts for friends! The services have always been great and the aestheticians have always been great. I have been getting manicures and pedicures with Diane for over a year now and love the care and service she provides. My only small gripe is that I've had a few scheduling challenges when calling to make an appointment, I was overbooked once and it was clear the reception staff wasn't sure how to handle it, but it eventually got resolved.
5	I was visiting my girlfriend in Vegas last week and needed a touch up on my highlights and some nasty ends trimmed. I went in and had a great first impression with Sharon. She was super friendly, listened to exactly what i wanted and understood that a trim is just a TRIM. She took her time to make sure it was done correctly, and it went by very quickly as she kept a great conversation the entire time. She is very confident in her work as this kept me not feeling nervous to walk out lookin like a over bleached loofah! I left very happy and will definitely go back next time in in the city of sin :)
4	I actually had 2 services performed 2 days in a row.  The first was a pedicure with Diane in the spa...she is fabulous, no one has ever gone to the extreme she did and I've been getting pedi's for years.  Next was upstairs in their school, my girl is now graduated but the color, cut and blow out were fabulous.  The girls there are really nice and helpful too.  We've already written down the next procedure I'm getting done on my return.  The place was clean and that always means a lot to me. I'll be back
1	Worst experience in Las Vegas, Sharon is TERRIBLE!    Purchased Groupon, tried to make appointment and Sharon would not return calls.   When she did (eventually) get around to returning my calls she offered an appointment several weeks out, at a very inconvenient time.    When I asked for alternate dates/times she said "I'm very busy with my other job and I only work three days a week for Destination Manhattan Salon".  After Sharon was being extremely difficult to commit to an appointment, she then requested my Groupon #.  She said she wanted it because she would redeem it if I were a no show, or did not cancel in 24 hours.  I let her know I would rather give at appointment as per standard protocol, because I was so uncomfortable with the transaction thus far.  Her response was "well I'm not gonna lose money if someone cancels, so I'm gonna need the number in order to book the appointment, I'm extremely busy"    At this point I had endured my limit with Sharon's unprofessionalism.    There is nothing worse then feeling as if you have been sold a bad bill of goods, and the business is not owning their end of the bargain AFTER YOU HAVE PAID.   Worst mistake I have made, lesson learned.    If i were you, i would look elsewhere potential buyers and customers!!!
5	As I checked in on Yelp for my monthly haircut at Destination Manhattan, I happened upon a negative review of my stylist, Sharon.  I couldn't believe my eyes and therefore I chose to write this review, which is long overdue. Sharon has been my stylist for sometime now and I couldn't be happier.  I have tried many stylists through Groupon and she is by far the best I have ever had, which is why I stopped using Groupon and decided to stick with her. She didn't treat me like some second rate customer because I had purchased a Groupon, she takes her time with me at every appointment, she introduces me to wonderful new products, and I always love the end result.  She is always concerned for the health of my hair and doesn't do anything that will damage it.  I like to swap colors quite regularly and she makes sure that it is done in a safe manner that doesn't damage my hair. She has a bubbly personality and genuinely wants you to love your hair after sitting in her chair - and you will!As for the salon, it is clean and beautiful.  I have been here for many services and have been pleased every time. They offer a full range of services so it is a one stop shop for all your spa/salon needs.They also have a great selection of hair & skin products at fair pricing.The customer who left a bad review seemed to have some sort of scheduling conflict; being a person who has purchased several Groupons for these types of services I would advise to always call the stylist before purchasing the Groupon to ensure they have availability for the time frame you need - that way you can avoid this situation altogether.   Remember there are multiple people purchasing Groupons and only one person performing the services in this scenario.
5	I am giving 5 stars because my stylist is in this building and she is wonderful. Natasha has doing my hair for many years and I would never leave her.Destination Spa is lucky to have such a talented stylist at this location. I love coming to this place, they are always very friendly when you enter. They have a lot of high end product for sale and some neat jewelry and clothes for sale in the front. They have a small area where you can buy snacks.I have not done any other services here, but I believe they are a full service spa. They seem to offer many things and always have some kind of special running.They also have a beauty school upstairs where you can go to learn or you can go and get a cheap haircut by one of the students. This is a great location and is close to the freeway (215).
1	I have been wanting to get a make over of sorts for awhile now, and stumbled upon a groupon for full highlights and a salon package. Perfect! I was over excited and quickly went to their website, booked an appointment online, and waited. I have been using groupon to find my perfect stylist, for a couple years. Nine years in Vegas and I still have yet to find one that I'm in love with. I couldn't try out this salon, which disappoints me from all the great reviews on Yelp.   After waiting a couple days excited, and constantly checking my email for confirmation I decide to call, no answer. So I leave a detailed message about what I'm looking to do, and my availability. After work, nothing, no call no text, no email.. gravely disappointed. Honestly at this point, I don't even want to try the salon, after a week or so of trying I give up this establishment is deemed unprofessional. I completely understand the high volume of Groupon buyers trying to get their appointments, but not even calling a perspective life-long client back to arrange anything (or even mention they are booked for awhile) is just low. As far as I'm concerned this place is probably a scam and doesn't even really exist. I'm just glad I was able to cancel my groupon in time.
5	First time groupon experience customer.  I was in one if those desperation I need a haircut this minute modes.  Julie was my stylist that made thus happen.  Because it was after salon hours, she met me at the night entrance door to ensure I did not get lost.  First impression of Destinations was the nice relaxing eucalyptus smell when I entered.  During the consultation, I knew she knew what she was doing.  She listened to me and gave her advice as well. She was so congenial, yet professional, the entire 2 hours.  My highlights look awesome, and love my haircut!  YES, I will be a repeat customer because she is willing to offer same groupon deal as a permanent note on my record. Feels good knowing I will no longer break the bank when getting hair done!  Thank you Julie-youre one of a kind!!!
1	I am new to Las Vegas and looking for a hair salon.  I bought a Groupon for this particular salon and made an appointment - I had to cancel and did so 3 days prior to the appointment.  I tried to reschedule the appointment and I left messages for over a week with no call back or a full voice mail box.  I left 5 voice mail messages and 1 message with the stylists 'assistant' who promised a call back the next day- it never came.  I can appreciate that you are busy - but if you don't have time to return phone calls for over a week perhaps it's time to stop taking Groupons and catch up. I contacted Groupon and they refunded my purchase.
1	EPIC FAIL. Don't Bother with them. GO to another Salon that will respect you & your $$.    Once you call them the answer machine tells u, if you leave them a positive feedback on yelp or Google they will give you a $10 gift card. That right there is something wrong. If they want to pay for good feedbacks.So purchased a Groupon and called 11x to try & make an appointment.Left a few messages once they open & they never call me back. Called them again and the lady said she doesn't deal with Groupon purchases only Sharon deals with it. So where the hell is she?? I tried calling so many time. The lady "oh she must be around or she's busy, I'm not sure". Will get her on the phone. " I'll just transfer you". No don't. Grr. Her ext is 4014 if your going to try.So annoyed with them. Just gave up & got a refund from Groupon. I cut my own hair and it came out great =) Don't need to deal with other people's BS.
5	I have never written a yelp review before but after my experience I just had to. To be clear my review is primarily for Sharon rather than the salon only because I deal strictly with her rather than calling the front desk, but the salon is very clean and seems to offer several types of services. I am new to Vegas and after spending 7+ years with my last stylist I was very nervous to start all over because we all know how hard it is to sit in that chair and trust someone with your appearance. I purchased a groupon for full highlights and a trim, called the number listed on the groupon that was Sharon's direct number she called back within 2 hours and got me scheduled within a weeks time. When I sat down I explained to her how particular I am about the length of my hair and that I may be a little paranoid about having it cut too short. I had used a box color (BIG mistake) to cover my dark roots which turned my hair an awful orangy color, Sharon fixed that right up! She matched my ends perfectly!! I was so pleasantly surprised and impressed. As soon as I sat down she and I were on the same page as far as what my hair should look like and when it came to the trim she actually just did a trim and didn't hack off 2 inches.. She did little by little to make sure I was happy and comfortable and I actually ended up trusting her to cut it to  what she thought was a healthy length, and I was overly pleased with the result. I have been to her several times since then and don't see that changing anytime soon. Not only is she incredible at what she does she's also just a doll, she keeps up the conversations and she always remembers things that I have told her previously showing me she is really listening. I recommend her 110% !! I have seen some of the negative reviews and it seems the majority of them come from people who have not been contacted by the salon itself .. I suggest calling Sharon directly, if she's with a client she always calls when she's done even if its the end of her day. She is very busy .. Because she's so amazing.. But she is great about working her schedule to get you in while still ensuring she has enough time to give you great service and special attention. She has found a life long client in me!
5	Sharon is AMAZING! I found her through Groupon and received way more than I bargained for. She spent about 15 minutes before she began highlighting and cutting my hair to understand what I wanted. She discussed the process of taking me from a brunette to a blonde without damaging my hair and she showed me pictures of her previous work (which is absolutely gorgeous!). She also modified the haircut I wanted to match the structure of my face. After great conversation, beautiful highlights, and a flattering haircut, I left happy and eager for my next visit!! If you are seeking a hair stylist that is passionate about her line of work, truly knows what she is doing, and sincerely wants you to be pleased with the results, Sharon is your girl!!!
5	I have never written a yelp review before but after my experience I just had to. To be clear my review is primarily for Sharon rather than the salon only because I deal strictly with her rather than calling the front desk, but the salon is very clean and seems to offer several types of services. I am new to Vegas and after spending 7+ years with my last stylist I was very nervous to start all over because we all know how hard it is to sit in that chair and trust someone with your appearance. I purchased a groupon for full highlights and a trim, called the number listed on the groupon that was Sharon's direct number she called back within 2 hours and got me scheduled within a weeks time. When I sat down I explained to her how particular I am about the length of my hair and that I may be a little paranoid about having it cut too short. I had used a box color (BIG mistake) to cover my dark roots which turned my hair an awful orangy color, Sharon fixed that right up! She matched my ends perfectly!! I was so pleasantly surprised and impressed. As soon as I sat down she and I were on the same page as far as what my hair should look like and when it came to the trim she actually just did a trim and didn't hack off 2 inches.. She did little by little to make sure I was happy and comfortable and I actually ended up trusting her to cut it to  what she thought was a healthy length, and I was overly pleased with the result. I have been to her several times since then and don't see that changing anytime soon. Not only is she incredible at what she does she's also just a doll, she keeps up the conversations and she always remembers things that I have told her previously showing me she is really listening. I recommend her 110% !! I have seen some of the negative reviews and it seems the majority of them come from people who have not been contacted by the salon itself .. I suggest calling Sharon directly, if she's with a client she always calls when she's done even if its the end of her day. She is very busy .. Because she's so amazing.. But she is great about working her schedule to get you in while still ensuring she has enough time to give you great service and special attention. She has found a life long client in me!
5	Sharon is really as good as it gets!  I bought a Groupon a while back from Sharon and will never go to another stylist again!  I was super nervous because the last stylist I had been to (not at Destination) had really not put any effort into my highlights at all.  Well I have been back to Sharon every time after my first appointment with her, she is absolutely phenomenal!!  You never feel rushed with her because she makes sure that she allots enough time for each client and can put all of her effort into making your hair beautiful!  I've always had a hard time trusting people with my hair and used to dread getting my hair done, now I totally love it!  I always get compliments on my hair & highlights after seeing her, and that just reinforces how wonderful of a job she does!  Not only is she an extraordinary stylist, but she's so easy to talk to and the time just flies by when you're in her chair! :)  Sharon is honestly the best stylist I've ever been to!
2	I will admit that I primarily use Yelp to read other reviews, but after my experience here, I think it's time to write my first review. But I will try to keep it short. So I came here as I received a gift car for my birthday, and I was extremely excited for my full spa day as I really needed it.  Needless to say, it started great and ended horribly. I started with a facial by Adrienne, and she was AMAZING!  If you decide to get a facial here, please go to her.Next I received a massage by Lamberto.  He started off good, really focused on stressed areas, but then it got bad when he decided to hold full blown conversations while doing the massage, which took away from the relaxing mood.  So if you get a massage, he's good, just let him know in the beginning you want quite.And now the real reason for the 2 star rating.... her name is Julie.  And DO NOT go to her if you don't want your time wasted.  She was supposed to give me a mani/pedi, but I don't know what to call what she did.  Super nice, but can't do a proper mani/pedi to save her life.  I asked for a flower on my toe that ended up looking like a spider, so I asked her to take it off, asked for a "rockstar" glitter nail, she completely didn't spend the time to make sure my nail was fully covered and then didn't mention that there was an extra charge for the one nail of glitter.  Which by the way it looked, she should have paid me, not the other way around.  Again, sweet lady, but AVOID her if you actually want your toes and nails to look like a professional handled them.
