4	Hoppers is your typical neighborhood sports dive. The Cheers bar of Glendale I suppose. Or maybe of only of old Glendale. I was meeting up with my fav uncle for a brew one day after he got off work and he recommended this bar. I said, "hell, why not?" I'd only been there once before and it's seemed well enough for your typical bud light bar and cheap cocktails. I like that they had Guinness on tap. It'll do. Don't expect to find any high gravity beers here folks. Sorry. There were all the regulars that knew the bartender by name and vice versa. Both parties where friendly and obliging. My unc and I didn't get treated badly simply because we weren't part of the regular crew. Strange strangers talked to us both and creepy as it could have been, was actually quite entertaining. I like hoppers and should I ever get the urge to go out drinking again in Glendale, will most definitely return here.
1	The pool tables were brightly lit and quite nice compared to Connoly's, which is in the same parking lot. The bar was clean and less of a dive compared to Connoly's. The regulars were quite creepy and rude. Young ladies, if you must go here, stay sober and go with men and not your girlfriends. The men acted like they have never seen a woman before.  I was wearing a long sleeved shirt and a skirt that went well past my knees, nothing obscene. It was odd and very uncomfortable. My boyfriend ran into one of the men on the way out who was staring at me, and he didn't quit. Other men pointed and made rude comments. The crowd was middle aged to elderly. The bartender was nice, but the other women were not. One lady yelled at me from across the bar, "are you old enough to be in here?!" The answer is yes, and I deserve the same amount of respect. This bar could benefit from male employees. Normally, if I am uncomfortable or harassed, I could say something to the staff & they could take care of me. I won't be back.Also, there is a list of specialty drinks on each table, but the bartenders do not know how to make them. What a shame because an "Orange Creamcycle" sounded delicious!  I asked if she knew how to make a Black Russian, she said yes, and made me a White Russian instead. A Black Russian is just Kahlua and vodka.
5	Great atmosphere. Best wings in town. Nice eye candied bartenders.. Live bands n fun activities!
4	Wonderful sports bar with great wings. The female bartenders can sometimes lack personality but otherwise, I had a great time and will be back!
4	Ok so this review might be a bit tricky to write / explain. I am not a fan of dive bars . Let alone dive bars where I am the only minority there. However this bar is the exception to that rule. I have gone several times on different days and the experiences have been very good! The bartenders Sami and Monica greet you with warmth and great service. They will make you feel like you are visiting a cherished family member. Beer is very affordable and nice laided back patio to enjoy a smoke.
2	Noooooo I'm tired of all these boring neighborhood bars in Glendale. You can afford to add something other than budmillercoors on tap. Do something cool. Step into the 2010s. Like, *at least* Four Peaks could be useful here. I feel the same way about going to Hooper's as I would going on a date with someone who starts their day with a PSL and a Meghan Trainor album. Basic as fuck, I want no part of it. Bartender was nice, but I don't trust anyone at a place like this to mix more than two ingredients. So I went with something simple--Red Stag and coke. The coke was flat. Whatever, let's check out what's going on with the jukebox...which was apparently not connecting with the internet. OK OK, it was becoming comically bad. At least it's got a patio, even if it is incredibly narrow. Overall, this is the kind of bar you only go to for convenience and not because it's cool. The west valley overall is raising the bar for a good dive, and I hope Hooper's can recognize that and catch up. Two stars for being clean, polite, and having a respectable liquor selection, but there ain't much else.
