2	Do not be fooled by the display case. When I saw the fresh veggies, lobster, and "filet mignon, " I thought "Yum! Surf and turf dinner for only $21. What a value!"  What the hell? It was just stir fry. You choose your veggies and meats and they stir fried it all together in the sauce of your choice. The integrity of the filet mignon and lobster were compromised. It was overcooked and drenched in sauce. Not only that, it was an extra $2-3 for noodles or rice. So the intial price was just for veggies and meat. Ridiculous. I guess it's a rule in Vegas that you will get ripped off no matter where you go, be it casino, buffet, or food court.
5	This was one of the best meals I had in Las Vegas. It was a very pleasant surprise, actually. I was expecting crappy food court food, but instead it was super fresh, delicious and really filling. I had it for lunch and did not even eat dinner that night because I was still full. I got the veggie dish with tofu. I am not a vegetarian, just wanted to stay light.I would not get lobster or filet mignon from a place like this and expect it to be awesome, like the other reviewer said. Tons of fresh veggie options to choose fun and I loved picking just the ones I wanted. Asparagus, string beans, cauliflower, mushrooms, etc. Also when in Vegas it is good to eat something healthier for a change. I had it with the Thai Coconut curry sauce with noodles too.It was just under $13.00 dollars. Considering I paid $15.00 in the Starbucks at MGM for a lousy, tiny sandwich and a chai tea latte, this seemed like a steal! It was a very large portion. It didn't look like it when they were filling the little bowl, but it actually was. I would go here again in a heartbeat. I was looking to see if they had another location where I live in San Francisco, it was that good. When in Vegas agin, I will go back for sure!
3	Ate here with a few co-workers this past week and had pretty high hopes. I selected my veggies and went with chicken with spicy kung pao sauce and fried rice. We waited about 5 or so minutes before getting our food. The fried didn't look like your standard fried rice (not as brown/dark) and the veggies and chicken were swimming in sauce. The rice tasted alright, and while the kung pao sauce tasted nothing like kung pao and was not spicy at all, I was able to get it down. I also doubted that the entire chicken breast that they took from the display case made it into my plate. I'm not even sure if this could be considered the healthiest option in the food court here, but it did the job.
4	Located in the MGM Grand Food Court, Ive got to say the food was great. You choose your ingredients or choose from one of the pre-made options. I personally chose custom ingredients. It is all cooked fresh on the grill once you've selected your veggies and meats. Its basically a strifry type of dish. I will say that it is a bit pricy...anywhere from $15-$25 a plate depending on what you get. The price is expected as it is Las Vegas. For the average person, the portion may be a bit big but otherwise it is worth the price. I definitely recommend this place if you like the fresh off the grill food.
3	Since it was located in the food court in the MGM, I thought it was going to be a cheaper than other restaurants in the area. It wasn't cheap overall, but at the same time, it was still cheaper than the surrounding restaurants (which can be around $40+). The process of ordering: 1.) Choose your protein (ranging from chicken, pork, beef steak, salmon, even lobster), 2.) Choose all the vegetables you want (no maximum), 3.) Choose your sauce, and 4.) Choose rice or your type of noodle (there is an additional fee of $1.95 for this option). I ordered  BEEF FLANK STEAK with my choice of mushrooms, bell peppers, asparagus, baby corn, broccoli, julienne carrots, and red onions. I chose the CHINESE GINGER GARLIC SAUCE (mmm.... garlic) as well as CHOW MEIN noodles. In the end, my total came out to be $18.27 and this doesn't include a drink. [Note: Drinks are free refills]. The taste of the dish was great (most likely because I got to choose the ingredients I liked), but what really stood out to me was the BEEF FLANK STEAK; it was so, so tender and the CHINESE GINGER GARLIC sauce really helped make it. I thought I would be able to finish it all, but in the end, couldn't so had to ask my friends for help. One dish could feed two girls. IMPORTANT NOTE: The lobster is one of the most expensive choice of protein. My friend ordered it, but watch out. The lobster piece was extremely small (had trouble finding in the stir fry) and was not worth it!!! He was sorely disappointed. Would I come back? Maybe, maybe not. Nothing stood out too much for me. Truthfully, it tasted like regular chinese food I could get back home in my area except maybe it was more expensive because of the choice of ingredients and the process of customizing your dish. Note: Please excuse me for the horrific picture of my dish, I was a little out of it at Vegas and assumed the picture turned out fine.
3	Strangely nestled with the McDonald's and New York-style pizza place in a food court, this is a fast food place with an actual chef actually making your dish to order.It's an intriguing idea of choosing your veggies (any combination up to fill a bowl), any protein or combination of them, a sauce and a starch.  Then they hand it off to a chef in the back to chop up and stir-fry.It does come out fairly quickly, and you can tell what ingredients you chose.  But the sauces can be a bit heaving, and otherwise way under-seasoned, salt and pepper-wise.Also - it's kind of tough to figure out how much are you are paying, if you start making your own combinations of protein.Not the cheapest fast food option, but a great choice for a healthy one.
5	On last Wednesday February 20th I had friends in town staying at the MGM Grand.  I'm a resident here in Las Vegas, but they reside in California.  The plan was to meet up for a nice dinner and then head to a show.  But being that I have to work late sometimes the plans ended up on getting something to eat quick in order to meet our showtime.  I arrived at MGM to pick them up and we immediately went to the food court, which was not my first choice being that I eat fast food every day and frankly the prices feel like I am at Wrigley Field. j/k however I noticed a place call "Asian Fresh" which I had never heard of which is rare being that Ive been in town for over 10 years.  The thing that attracted me to the place was the fresh food that was placed in the window right as you walk up.  I was amazed that a place in the food court would have such things as "lobster, shrimp, fillet Mignon and most of all fresh vegetables"  The prices on the other hand scared my out of towns friends half to death, but I told them based on the looks of the food it probably is worth it, and besides we would probably save money from where we were planning on going.  The service that was provided was the best I have ever had, the staff was not only friendly but assisted me with putting my order together based on what type of foods I liked.  I was amazed at how knowledgeable they were with the product.  I was more so impressed that I got to watch them make my food as I ordered it "fresh" which really put the word Fresh in "Asian Fresh".  When I got my food I was taken back by the presentation that I almost forgot that I had spent of $40 for just my food, but then again it looked just like the famous strip restaurant "Hammadas" but way less and had more flavor. This is the best Asian infused meal I have ever eaten and recommend it to anyone visiting on the strip that want the best bang for your buck and especially if you are staying at the MGM Grand Hotel. You will not be disappointed, heck I think I try to eat there at least once a month. By the way I ordered the steak and shrimp, with noodles and light veggies and added a little spice to it (fantastic)
1	Too expensive for quick food court food.You get very little meat even with the high price. They sucker you by charging almost $5.00 for a bottle water.
2	This place has a good premise, but it's just too darn pricey!You have a HUGE selection of veggies to choose from so it's a pretty good choice for people who are trying to eat a little healthier. Let's see.. I remember there being cabbage, onions, peppers, spinach, mushrooms, pineapple chunks. green beans, asparagus, etc. Then you choose a few things that can help season it and your choice of "meat." So yes, plenty of options... but they over-cooked my salmon and the fried rice (wasn't good) was an extra charge which is lame because it was already getting pretty expensive. The portion that you receive isn't big enough to be worth the money.About $22.. not worth it.
5	This is probably one of the best Asian places I have been too in Las Vegas, even though it's in the food court which would throw anyone off. The food was fresh when ordered not pre-made like a lot of places I've been to.  I had steak and shrimp bowl which even though was a little pricy after tasting it I knew it was well worth the price. The customer service was great.  I don't remember her name but the Hispanic lady that helped me at the front really helped me out on deciding what to get and what goes best with what.  And she proved right because the surf and turf style was the best choice. After she rang up my order she was pleasant and smiled and I just felt like she was really happy to be at work and to help customers out!!!! I would highly recommend this place to anyone eating on the strip and if your in the MGM you def. need to stop by.  You won't regret it.
5	I absolutely love this place for the fastest friendliest service. They are quick and very reasonably priced. We usually order  two entrees with all the veggies. Also I love their salmon with fried rice. Great dish!  Its a great deal and the food usually very large portions. Worth for your money! They also have good priced daily specials. I would say that, I encourage everyone to try Asian Fresh.
4	One of the best meals I had in Vegas!  I love stir-fry places like this- where you can load a bowl with veggies and choose your meat and sauce.  I just went with white rice, chicken, a ton of veggies, and the spicy sauce.  As with everything in Vegas- the total (with a ridiculous $7 Heineken) came to $20, but it was one of the best meals of my trip.  A decent and pleasantly surprising food court find!  I'm surprised with the low star reviews- what are you people expecting???
3	It was the best choice in the food court. Pretty bland though.....and pricey.
3	Although this place offers a great selection of vegetables for stir-fry, it was really expensive and the food was only ok; definitely not worth the $18 I spent. The only reason it can charge so much is because of its location in the food court of MGM. Definitely a good light snack that's great for a hungover Vegas stomach, but not worth being called a big meal.
4	Everyone here complains about the price...and yes, your going to get a little sticker shock for what looks like a mall food court.  However, this is not Panda Express, and you will not need your Chipotleaway for this meal.  It's the MGM, the nations largest hotel and tourist trap and my meal here (with double chicken and noodles) still comes in for about $19.  I've been charged more for breakfast at the MGM Diner.  Just take a look at your other options...you've got $5 slices of bad pizza, or you can dare to eat McD's or Nathans.  The bowl of ice cream at Haagen Dazs will likely do less damage to your body over those two fast food giants.Back to Asian Fresh...lots of fresh veggies you pick out, quality chicken breast, and who doesn't like Stir Fry?  Filing and good, and plenty of selection with various meats, veggies, and other add ins available.  A nice spicy Kung Pao sauce too.They do need to add some Brown Rice into the mix.  How that continues to get overlooked year after year still surprises me.
1	Cool concept, but way too pricey and they take too long. It's like Panda Express, but instead of paying $5-$6 for a combo, I paid $20 and had to wait for a half hour. Keep walking by when you see this place and save yourself the money!
