2	Dumpy supermarket.  Try another one.  Also, don't hang around after dark.  Gets creepy in this section of town.
1	The ghetto Albertson's. My friend always wants to go grocery shopping at this place. I just don't like this particular location, the food quality isn't the greatest, the selection is mediocre.. Try another Albertson's location.
1	The best thing about this Albertsons is that it makes you feel like your life isn't so bad.  The various crackheads, meth addicts and other true Las Vegas characters that seem to inhabit this location make it seem like a tour of what your life could be if you didn't stay away from meth...
3	Came here with the BF in the middle of the day. Didn't see any gangsters but I did see some shady people that were hanging around the door that looks like they're on something.  We were just picking up some food and the selection and price was okay. We bought our groceries and got outta there. I can totally understand why it'd be a bad place to go to after dark.
4	The location is great, nearby almost everything you could think of, from gas stations, to ice cream place, plenty of fast food restaurants and a whole lot more.Spacious and clean with a decent variety of products. I love the fruits and vegetable section because there's a lot to choose from. The place is huge and i like how there's a Wellsfargo kiosk inside.Although I was underwhelmed by their produce. There's a section of yummy cooked wings with different selections of sauces, but the thing is, it's not covered, and is exposed to dirt. Well you never know, right? Maybe I'm just being spoiled.Other than that, this is still my go-to grocery store.
3	I was in an unfamiliar neighborhood and passed by this Albertson's, when I remembered that I needed to stop here.  A product I'd been fruitlessly looking for was supposed to be available at Albertson's, according to the manufacturer.I didn't see any of the shady characters described by other reviewers, so I didn't prejudge the store.  I was surprised to find it clean and bright, and well laid out.  I wasn't shopping for anything other than the one item and, alas, it was all in vain; they didn't have it.  But if I'm ever in this neighborhood again and need to pick up something, I won't hesitate to shop here.
1	I needed to buy some water for my 4 night stay on the strip. Scary is what it is.  I guess and OC girl like me who doesn't get of much just not use to this kinda environment.
2	This Albertsons feels like one of their lower end stores. It's not as clean and well laid out as more suburban locations. I went in here to use the DMV Kiosk which had issues (big shock there), and I ended up in the store for a couple of other things. It's got the typically slow checkouts, and even more overbearing helicopter security types who like to follow you around  and hover around you. Sorry Security dude, I don't need to steal from your lame ass beer selection at 8:20 am. I can pay for my crap. Get lost. Anyway if you find yourself in this part of town it's not bad, but I do feel sorry for anyone who uses this store on a weekly basis. They're not getting the best Albertson's experience. The parking lot has some interesting characters lurking around, and I almost got hit 4x getting in and out of here. If someone ever wanted to film "Worst drivers of Las Vegas" this would be a perfect place to setup a camera.
2	It's pretty ghetto and there are rarely enough cashiers.
5	I needed a Wedding cake on short notice, we are from out of town and were meeting my daughter and son-in-law (to be) to see them get married before he was deployed. There were 8 of us in all, and I wanted a small but nice cake. We found this store near our hotel and decided to try it. I 'm so glad I did. Jacque in the bakery was very helpful, and knew just what I wanted. She made a beautiful, cake, with all the right colors, and even sent me a picture on my phone to approve. We ordered it on Friday, picked it up Saturday, and it was perfect. The bonus - it was about half the price it would have been at a custom bakery! 5 stars to helping create an awesome small wedding! Thanks Jacque!
2	If you come in the morning, it feels like a cardassian mine camp!  So much death and noone smiles!  At night it's more like Facebook...lols, rofls, hmus, and lotsa laziness, attitude, and filthy cashiers who touch themselves if they think ur not looking.  Ugh! But honestly I like night better than day!  The death kiss from the dementor-like cashiers in the am shift  leaves me yearning for chocolate!  And we all know zombie rule number 1!!!
2	This location is more mellow than most which isn't such a bad thing especially when you wanna be quick. However, the staff isn't that helpful. They seem as if they really hate their job and most times it feels like a drag shopping here. And yes the prices are ridiculous! Not to mention their poor inventory(they never really have what you need/looking for. I prefer the location on Flamingo(they're 24hrs too!)
2	Unfortunately this location is now CLOSED, but when opened this location was questionable.  There should NOT be flies in the bakery case, ijs.  Produce was one of two things not ripe or just don't even think about.  Fresh Fruit and Vegetables should not look play food that goes in my little cousin mini kitchen.  Very unhelpful associates, but as stated in the beginning this location is no longer opened.However, prior to closing they had a mega sale 50%off the entire show, I purchased $100 worth of groceries for $48
1	Horrible place! Don't go. They have terrible customer service and the food quality and selection is lacking. Their customer service is to ignore you or walk away if you need something. Then, without fail, while you are loading your groceries you will be asked by several bums for money or some of the food you just bought.
