3	I'm very sad to have to give this place three stars. I've been on pins and needles just waiting for this place to open, only to be disappointed. I averaged out my food and staff scores to come out to the three star rating, This is why...The food: Two stars for the food. I ordered the Phad Thai Noodles with shrimp. In the description it says "Thin spicy Thai rice noodles stir fried with egg, bean sprouts, and green onions." This made me really want to try this and being it was supposed to be a spicy dish I was really excited. But no it was sweet not spicy. Plus, the shrimp where fried and terribly overdone. Being diabetic I can not do a sweet dish like this. If they would have stated it was sweet I would not have ever picked it. It was not spicy AT ALL! Even my husband who really can not handle spicy things said it was not spicy.My husband choose the HK Style Crispy Noodles which came with ALL the proteins and a bunch of traditional Chinese veggies. Overall it was ok. The shrimp again WAY overcooked. The sauce totally lacked flavor. It tasted like someone just used a bullion cube and called it a day.We are thinking the crappy shrimp and lack of flavor in the sauce may have had to do with it being end of day. My husband's order was unnaturally hot, like it had been sitting heating all day. Staff: Four stars for the Staff.The staff could not have been nicer that is why it kills me to write such a bad review. When we visited China A Go Go it was a Tuesday night at about 8:30pm. The staff had us sit down while we looked over the menu and did not rush us at all. They even brought us out wonton chips with sweet and sour sauce. We got our food quickly. We are willing to give it a second try being that they are a new business here in Henderson. I really want to give their sushi a try. It does look a bit expensive, but if it's good, it will be worth it. I'll update my review when we visit again.
5	First visit to this brand new China a Go Go in Henderson.  I have been to several others and this one is even better.  This one has an expanded menu which includes Chinese and Japanese dishes.  I ordered my usual Mongolian Beef and ordered beef brocoli for my son.  I was ordering to go.  They provided the meals in really nice tupperware type containers rather than the usual foam containers.  The food was delicious and there was so much it will probably last me 2-3 meals.  They provided a good number of hot peppers in mine which was nice because so often I get just 1-2.  They also gave us free eggrolls.  If you like spicy I would highly recommend asking for a side of hot oil, but be careful it is pretty dang hot.  Food was cooked and provided to us in about 5-10 minutes.  Also, the front counter guy was extremely nice and explained the menu and everything to us.  I look forward to coming back and eating in so I can try the soups and some other dishes, but so far very happy with this place and even better that it's the closest to home.
5	Just tried here the other night because it smelled so good.  Service was great, food was amazing and I can't wait to go back.
4	I was a little skeptical of this place, having heard some not so favorable reviews of other locations from friends.  But, we gave it a shot last week and I'm glad we did.  This is a great addition to the neighborhood and is very good "fast" Chinese food.  Also, it's leaps and bounds better than the Panda across the street.My wife and I shared the family meal A, which gave us enough leftovers for more than 2 additional meals.  She chose the pepper steak and I had the house special chicken.  It was advertised as spicy.  The sauce certainly had some heat, but I wouldn't describe it as spicy.  In the future, I'll ask if there is a way they can spice this dish up.  The veggies still retained a lot of their crispness, which I prefer.  The chicken pieces were large, and none of them were tough.  As noted above, you get a lot of food in your entrees.  I would definitely order the house special chicken again.The pork fried rice was likewise a winner.  Lots of pork and plenty of veggies throughout.  It wasn't greasy, which this dish certainly can be.  I usually put more soy sauce on fried rice, but this dish didn't need it.  The egg rolls were probably my least favorite part of the meal, but they weren't awful.  Just a little greasy and the wrappers came apart.  The soup had some spice to it, and you get a huge container of it.  We didn't finish the soup, even after eating our leftovers.This place delivers to our neighborhood, so I am certain we'll be getting it again in the near future.
5	Everything is ALWAYS on point! I never leave here disappointed. They have amazing service that's super speedy. The food is absolutely delicious.
5	First time we have tried this place and ordered to go and the food was great. Not only was it hot but it was packaged nicely. They give generous portions with their entrees especially with the lunch special. Definitely worth your bucks. The boba drinks were so good too that we went back later to get another, I recommend the mango. Hong Kong style noodles were separated to keep noodles crispy and mix for it was piping hot. The food did not feel heavy or salty, tasted great! Try their hot and sour soup. Next time were trying the sushi!
3	I've been looking for a good Chinese takeout place for a little while now. I'm just tired of the Panda. So I checked here on Yelp and decide to try China A Go Go tonight.First, the restaurant itself looks like a decent place to eat. It's pretty new, clean and pleasant looking. I didn't eat in however, so I can't comment on the table service.My favorite Chinese dish is Mongolian beef and I use it as a standard for comparison for the Chinese places I visit. I ordered the Mongolian beef entree at $9.95. It came with steamed white rice, but upgrades to house fried rice or lo mein noodles are available for $2.50 more. I also added 2 egg rolls for $1.75.I felt the entree prices were a bit high, but you get a decent portion. For the average person it would probably be a filling meal plus a bit left over for a late snack.The Mongolian beef was quite hot (spicy) and there were a lot of those thin red chili peppers to pick out. If you can eat one of those good for you, they would keep me up all night with heartburn. Overall it was very tasty even though a bit hotter than I would like. There was plenty of beef and a good beef to veggie ratio. One small gripe is the beef was just a bit under cooked IMO. Most people however would probably prefer it the way it was served. I like mine more on the well done side.The egg rolls (really spring rolls) were fine, nothing special though.Overall it was a better than average Chinese meal and definitely a nice change from Panda Express. It's just a bit pricey for me to make it a regular addition to my nightly dinner choices. I see the lunch specials look like a good deal, however I can't visit during lunch hours unfortunately.
5	I am honestly impressed. Its not because its the best Chinese food I've ever had but rather because its solidly good and inexpensive.Service was attentive, fast and friendly, even during a busy time.I ordered off the lunch menu. Soup, entree and choice of rice or noodles. Or half and half. $6.25.I can put away a lot of food, but had leftovers. The food is all cooked to order. Served hot. Seasoned well. Even the egg drop soup was seasoned well. I find it an instant family favorite. We were out the door for just over 15 bucks for cashew chicken and orange chicken and 1 soda.The staff is Chinese, and I prefer this place to panda across the street.They also have boba tea and sushi.They deliver for a $2.00 surcharge, up to 4 miles away.
4	China a Go Go has opened a new location in Henderson, and at the time I write this it's earned my repeat business. Parking: It's next to an Albertsons so it's well lit, and with plenty of spaces. Cleanliness: It's new, the kitchen is glassed in so you can see your food being prepared. The Health Dept A Grade is right inside the door and not obscured like some places tend to do. Order Accuracy: 3 large orders and no mistakes so far. Service: From greeting you with a smile to opening the door if your hands are full with carryout bags, they know customer service here. When someone in our house had a rough flight back to Vegas and got sick they wanted hot and spicy food. I mentioned this to the staff and they set me up with extra sauces and stuff on the side to custom tailor the heat level. (It worked well btw.)Speed: It's called China a Go Go, and I barely have time to do my social media checkins or post a comment on Yelp before my food is bagged up and brought to the table. Price: They seem to be a little on the high side...$9 to $13 per person depending on what you order as I typically order at night. They do have lunch specials though. Carryout containers: They need stronger bags or to double bag orders as I've walked out wondering if the bag would hold up more than once. Rice comes in the classic paper box. But main dishes come in microwave ready black plastic containers that are so much better than the styrofoam you find elsewhere. 2 other notes: Yes they have a sushi bar (haven't tried it yet). And they have Boba here. Quite a few people ordered Boba so I got to hear the ice crusher in the back that sounds like the British Airways 747 spinning up it's engines at McCarran...it's freakin LOUD!!!!Food: For the most part this location beats the socks off their competition within a 2 mile radius. Kung Pao Chicken that has maybe 3 dried peppers elsewhere had 8-10 in my orders and it actually had heat. Their Orange Chicken passed the kid test with a 4 and 6 year old actually eating it. Their egg rolls were not the best I've had or made, but they were not bad. We have a couple of minor complaints though. The potstickers are made with a dough that's not rolled out thin enough for our taste. And the shrimp used in one of their dishes was not deveined which didn't go over very well when it was discovered, fortunately before anyone ate one. Overall this is a nice addition to Henderson's East side as I don't do bland "express" food with panda logos on it unless I'm starving. Yes it's Americanized Chinese food, and yes it's part of a chain. Important things to note, but sometimes your hungry and craving Chinese food and nothing else will do. You won't go wrong ordering from here. 4 Stars. (Again this review is posted not long after they opened, YMMV., especially the longer it's been since the review was posted.)
4	We decided to try this place again like we promised. This time it was totally not disappointing. Everything we ordered was tasty and full of flavor. This time I picked the Garlic Shrimp and added Chow Mein on the side. The shrimp was spicy just like I was promised and was loaded with veggies. The sauce had just the right amount of sweetness. The Chow Mein really surprised me. It was filled with freshly sauteed garlic and veggies. My husband chose the Orange Chicken and Fried Rice. Both were delicious and the Orange Chicken did not contain the pieces of orange peel that my husband dislikes.The Fried Rice also had onions which were excellent in it. The portions were huge and served as a midnight snack and breakfast the next morning. I'm really glad we decided to give China a Go Go another shot. Finally, a good Chinese spot right in my neighborhood. Can't wait to try their sushi!
4	I got the Chinese eggplant with tofu. Atmosphere is nice enough. Price is great and food is good american-chinese. Solid four stars.
4	got an ad in the mail for this place and  drove by to check it out.  we ordered it to go... in teh future we will def call ahead of time seeing that it took like 20 min...  once again like i have said before i am very picky with my chinese... and i think i found my new fav!!!  the kung pao chicken had a spice to it like i have never tasted before and it was awesome!!! and the egg rolls were very yummy too....  think im going to have to start going here more often...
4	A great place for lunch or dinner. Hot fresh food Chinese or Japanese. Take out delivery or eat in. Nice new place with booths and sushi bar. Huge portions. Dinner for 1 was plenty to share. Owner was very attentive. They will deliver to Lake Las Vegas for $4.00. Much better than Panda. We loved it and will be back for sure.
4	I've had an overall tough-go at uncovering a decent Chinese food spot outside of Chinatown but this particular China-a-Go-Go was impressive. I ordered delivery and my Chicken Kung Pao was seriously awesome. They also arrived less than 30 minutes after I ordered which is record timing for delivery of anything other than craptacular Domino's pizza.  The veggies were fresh and crisp, the spice was right on and the Corn Flower soup was amaze! Will definitely hit this place up again when the craving calls.
3	This is when I wonder if the reviews go with the restaurant.Okay. So, last night I cooked for hours making lasagna, and we had a long day at home.....Needless to say, I did not feel like cooking tonight. My guy had told me that he came here once and ordered a curry, and didn't like it. When we saw the rating on Yelp, we decided to give it a try together.First off, I have to say that I was totally impressed with the decor inside. It's not fancy, but it's not ghetto either. This decor is the love child of Naga Thai Dining, and a Panda Express.We are seated quickly, in a booth and a high chair is delivered to us for our daughter. Who is going through the whole throwing everything in her sight on the floor. The waiter had won me over with replacing her spoon several times. We asked our waiter about specials and what he would recommend. He didn't offer us a name, and be prepared. Their shirts only say "staff" on them. They do not have name tags. So, if you ever need your waiter, get a good look at him or her. When trying to fulfill our questions with answers, there was a lot of hesitation. A lot of "ummm"... "well...". Hey, guy, I don't eat Chinese. I don't think I have ever been to an "authentic" Chinese place.......it was kind of like the blind leading the blind.We ordered the hunan beef with mein, and the General chicken meal that comes with rice. It seemed like in no time at all, less than 5 minutes, the cho mein was placed in front of us. This confused the hell out of me, because I thought it was suppose to come out with my meal...?None the less, we start to taste the PLATE of noodles.I have to admit, they were tasty. I'm not an expert, but they seemed to be cooked appropriately. Not mush, and not rock hard.Our proteins come later, but not at the same time. My guy's chicken came first, and then a few minutes later, my beef arrived.The taste is good for the first few bites, and then it all is just repetitive. Almost like an overly syrup-ed food that just coats your tongue and you don't taste anything else but sweet....until you bite down on a chili or a jalapeno. It didn't really seem balanced to me.Oh, and did I mention that we are still waiting for the rice that goes with the chicken...? We had to ask for it about 10 minutes after our food came. I was always taught, that if you need more of the beverage you ordered, you put it on the edge of the table...as a hint for a refill. Well, between 2 different servers, we got passed 4 times. It was after they had dropped off the check that they refilled my water.Before tip, it was around $23...with leftovers.I mean, it was fair. I don't see myself craving it in the near future....
5	The 'Personal Dinner' has to be one of the best deals in town. Great service, great food.
4	Second visit so far and this time we ate in.  It was Sunday night and they were a little slow so service was excellent and very friendly.  The Egg Foo Young was VERY good as was the Sesame Chicken. Egg Rolls are tasty the day after all by themselves. Had Thai food previously and was spot on AND I consider myself quite picky so for a quick Chinese dinner I say YAY!
2	Overpriced. Why mince words? I've visited China A Go Go enough times to hold Yelp's Duke status at the time I'm writing this. And tonight when I walked out the door and looked at my container of Kung Pao Chicken then back at my receipt I realized I'd just got shanghaied. I paid Lotus of Siam prices for suburban, Boulder Highway strip mall Chinese food. On top of the price when I went in at 9:30 pm on a Saturday night the staff was cleaning like crazy, like they wanted out of there. They mixed up some kind of chemical that caused my eyes to water and my nose to burn. I was about to bail for the exit when my food came, thankfully the food is prepared away from where the chemicals were being used. Bottom line, they are better than the panda place across the street but you'll pay a premium for what you get. I doubt I go back.
1	Sigh..I really want to see this place succeed. I really do.My family and I don't call this China a go go by its name.We call it China a No No !Last night, my guy got home late, and we were in a bind for dinner...We wanted something that was quick, and close to the house.Remembering that the longest we've waited for pick up here was about 10 minutes, we decided to call.I google'd China a Go GO in henderson, and found a menu.When asking the woman about a menu item, she said that she didn't have anything like that. That all china a go gos are not the same.Okay, I'll accept that. My bad for assuming.However, if this is the case, you should probably look into changing your name..... Seeing as how I can walk into any Chipotle and order the same thing over and over.Just saying.We order two of the same beef entrees. My guy has a real sensitivity to sweetness, so we asked her if they could take it easy on the sugar. She said no, it's a PRE-Made sauce...so when everyone is yapping about how everything is so "fresh" and "made to order".... I think not.They can not put as much on, or make it spicier. So, we opted for less sauce. We asked both orders to have chow mein, and then a side of white rice. We asked for a side, because we eat a lot. Also, because we would like noodles and rice. When asking for the side of white rice, we were told by the woman that "it already comes with rice."SO, we assumed that we were getting rice.I go to pick up the order, and I see menus. I pick one up and just look through it. I don't see what we had originally wanted to order, so I accepted my mistake and made a mental note of it. The woman up front, who I am guessing took my order decided to tell me how once again, all GoGo's were not the same.... To be honest, it really felt like a lecture. Really turned me off.I paid, and drove home.I get home, open the bag, no rice.I open the containers, and thank golly they were marked, because I could barely tell which one had less sauce on it. My guy called and spoke with the manager,  I guess our "account" has a credit on it...Whatever that means.****Well, it is the night after, and we BOTH were ill today after eating from China A Go Go.
4	Ok.  I have been to China-a-go-go about 7 times.  Now it's time to review it.  I can honestly say we have not had a single dish here that wasn't at least 4 stars.  Everything has been superb.Small restaurant with a sushi bar.  They offer both Chinese and Japanese lunch specials until 3pm.  They are also now offering all you can eat sushi for $23.95.Great food.   Excellent staff.  Reasonable prices.  How can you go wrong?
4	I've been here a few times and It's hit or miss.  The sushi is pretty decent and Fresh. They are weird and pricey when it comes to special requests.  The boba tea is great. The second time I had it it want blended well but the taro and Bob's flavor made up for it. I also orders a tofu dish. It was way too oily.  Sometimes the service is Really Sweet sometimes bitter
2	I ordered some sushi, a couple of people waiting there. They said 15 min but it took about 30minutes. taste ok, but I can't wait so long...
5	This has become one of our favorite places to eat sushi, plus, they just started serving all-you-can-eat! They are just around the corner from us and Henderson is lacking in Asian cuisine, but they're still just as good as any sushi restaurant I've been to. They even have a few unique menu items I haven't seen elsewhere. Also, they serve Boba--boba, in downtown Henderson! I don't have to drive all the way to Green Valley now. And it's good Boba, too. Oh, and they deliver, cater, and they have friendly staff. I am happy, very happy.
5	This food is delicious! I had the sunset roll and strawberry boba slush, and my mom got the Wonton soup. Their sushi is probably the best sushi I've had since I came to Vegas, and I have been here almost a year. The boba slush has me hooked and their service was good as well. I will definitely be back!
3	Forget the sushi in this place, it has limited sushi from the all you can eat menu, a tease from what is on the menu if you would just pay as you go. The reason I'm not killing this place is because the Chinese food in this place is good, always liked the take out from here, but don't come here for the sushi..:(
1	My wife & I have gone to the China A Go Go at 75 S. Valle Verde for years and always find their food and service to be excellent! Then we found out a China A Go Go was opening 3.5 miles from our house. Awesome we thought and couldn't wait for it to open. I kept going by there to watch the progress on the store and then finally it opened and we went with great anticipation. This was just a bit fancier than the one on Valle Verde with a small sushi bar and the chefs in a glass enclosed kitchen. My wife is from Hong Kong and a Clinical Dietitian. Why did I mention that? Becuase the first time we went we both noticed the food to be extremely salty. Ok everyone is allowed an off night so we gave it a couple of weeks and tried another dinner. SALTY, very, very salty. My wife knows chinese food and also knows this much salt in your food is to either hide the fact that it is not that fresh or they are trying to sell a lot of sodas with their food. It's a shame being so close to our home but we have resumed going to a better China A Go Go at 75 S. Valle Verde.Oh by the way, we specifically requested low salt on our second trip and still had a dinner loaded with salt. Do yourself a favor unless you want to retain water, be bloated, buy lots of drinks and have your blood pressure go up visit another China A Go Go but not this one! Maybe someday the owners & chefs will figure it out, lower the salt and maybe you won't need so many daily specials to keep your restaurant going.
5	I've been here around a few dozen times now and I still like it.It's not authentic. It's not healthy. It's not the best in Las Vegas or Henderson but you know what, it's the best for a few miles all around, in this area of East Henderson.Yeah. I know there are much better places in china town, on south eastern, on sahara, there are better places -everywhere-......but there are times living in far east henderson you just don't want to deal with traffic, freeways, wasting 30-60 minutes there and back depending on where you're driving and you just want to hurry up and get yo a$$ back home. I challenge you to find better chinese within a few miles of the corner of lake mead and boulder highway. So if you don't want to drive all the way over to Green Valley, just order already. It's not going to kill you and you know what, it's going to taste just fine. Things we have ordered and liked: I really like the egg foo young. It doesn't make sense because the gravy is not that great but they load up the eggy patties with lots of stuff and it tastes great on rice. We get the combination. We also get the honey walnut shrimp. Sweet but we like it better than Panda's. We've had quite a few other things here and someone said everything they have had has been over 4 stars. I have to agree with that. It's been consistently good unhealthy fast food chinese when you're lazy and eatin' on the couch with your honey.My ***** five star rating comes from being the best in MY neighborhood. A neighborhood restaurant is one that is within 4 miles of my house. I can dash there and be back in my PJs extremely quickly.It's not good enough to drive across town for and this rating may go down when some competition moves in...but until then, it's best in the area...and there isn't much to compare it to over here.
3	Overall impression:  It's a little better than ok.First of all it's a fast food type of restaurant but a step up from Panda Express.  This was my first time eating food from this place but all I wanted was sushi (take-out) to satisfy the craving.  My wife and I have a favorite place for sushi (Island Sushi) but it's on Eastern just south of the 215 and I wasn't about to drive out there.  China a Go Go was closer so why not try them out?Upon walking in I was greeted by about 3 of their staff all smiling at me, looking eager to have something to do... that made me feel a little weird.  Could business be that slow and were they desperate for my business?  It was mother's day so it could have been unusually slow and this location just opened not too long ago too.  Anyways I was committed to trying their sushi because the craving was strong.After that weird feeling entrance/greeting, the guy at the reception was very helpful with answering my questions.  They were also patient with me as I sat at a table looking through the menu to order my take out...  even though I thought they looked really eager to help me, they did not hover over me which I think gives them points.Their selection of specialty rolls was ok... again not as many varieties as Island Sushi.  In my opinion there were too many that had cream cheese as an ingredient.  yuck.  So I ordered a few specialty rolls (mostly spicy!) and they redeemed a coupon for a free CA roll.  I wanted to try some Chow Fun or some Pork Fried Rice a la carte, but the prices really turned me off.  Chow Fun for $8 come on!  And $7 for Pork Fried Rice?  No way!  You might be saying, "but you're paying $$ for sushi, isn't that a double standard?"  No!  One should expect sushi to be on a higher price bracket than fried rice and chow fun.  To me it's like the difference between a ribeye steak dinner vs spaghetti and meatballs.So I order just the sushi and they told me it would be about 15min, which was fine.  Then I noticed they had  a sushi bar across from where I was sitting and kinda put it together in my head that they were taking time to make fresh sushi.  Awesome... That gives them some points.Long story short... I took it home and my wife and I thought the sushi was good for such a place like this.  The flavors were good, the rice was good, cucumbers were crisp, CA rolls had imitation crab, etc... it was pleasant but not the best.  I think this place will serve to satisfy the sushi craving whenever we cannot make it to Island Sushi... but that will be few and far between.  So for now it's a 3.5 stars for me and my wife.  The rest of the menu was too expensive to try out and the sushi was better than ok.
3	The food was great but I ordered online and paid with my card no tip option available, when the delivery guy arrived he told me it was cash I thought he meant the whole bill (I said I don't have cash) when I realized he was only referring to the tip it was too late he snatched the paper out of my hand and stormed off. Had he been nice at all I would have been able to try and at least find him a cash tip. Very rude will never order from there again.
5	Great food generous portions and reasonable prices make this  a excellent choice for lunch and dinner or just a snack .
4	I've frequented this particular location a couple of times, and I can say this; if you are looking for cheap and quick take-out or delivery in (not Green Valley) Henderson, this is a good place to start. The Chinese food is ok. The chicken fried rice is pretty good, and the orange chicken is delightful. The cream cheese rangoons are also quite good. As I stated before, it's not the best, just not the worst. Better than Panda Express, but definitely not PF Changs. However, I would not recommend the sushi. Sometimes you just don't want to drive all over the valley for food if you live out by the lake, so this is a good option.
5	Excellent customer service, clean environment, food is amazing! Whats even more amazing is the amount of food they put in the plate! :)
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars for the reasons I always choose to come back to establishments. These are clean, excellent prompt service, great food, and friendly staff.  I chose the choose any 6 sushi sampler plate. It came quickly, was presented well, and tasted excellent. Very fresh and delicious! Good job China a go go!!
3	Convenient. Fast. Good service. The food is not the best you'll find, but for  delivery at 930pm on a monday in henderson, it's pretty darn good. It satisfies me and my kids. My wife, not so much. The sushi is mediocre, it's beginner sushi. steer away from the pad thai. stick to the Chinese dishes, they are solid.  delivery food comes intact, with all the crap you request like sides, flatware, plates, sauces, etc. I give a 3 for no reason other than the weak specialty rolls and pad thai.
5	I really like China A Go Go. The only complaint I have is I don't like their soup, but they always give me extra egg rolls instead of soup with the  dinner meals. That is why I gave them 5 stars!
3	Only went in for a boba fix I've needed for a few months. Little expensive, not too many choices. But it's a pretty good tai tea that I've had in a while. I haven't ordered anything to eat yet, but it was pretty busy when I went. The gentleman and lady who were at the front were very polite.
3	I'm a fan of this place but they need a website bad! it would make ordering and seeing a menu much better. Plus I think it would increase their business a lot. The food is always hot and fresh. The food has been great every time I've ordered from them. I like the fried rice and chicken chow main is tops. Only three stars because its has no stand alone website with a menu and I think that is important in Chinese takeout or restaurants..
4	It's a long story but we ended up at this restaurant on Christmas evening primarily because it was open.  It turned out to be quite an enjoyable Christmas dinner.  The food here is quite good and tasty.  We ordered chicken with green beans, Mongolian beef, beef chow mein, and my favorite chicken Szechuan.  We also ordered hot and sour soup which was surprisingly good.  In addition, this restaurant has really pleasant employees and a pleasant atmosphere.  So in short, I liked the place, and the next time I am in town, I will definitely stop by again.
1	I a new transit from the East Coast.  Have ordered from this location over 5 times.  My food came cold the 2nd time I ordered and they replaced the meal, fine.  On New Years Eve 2014 ,  i ordered and the food came in over an hour, the soup which is usually awesome, was watered down and tasteless and my Orange chicken and fried rice just as bad.  Please step up your delivery game, you have great food, but as it stands, I will microwave a frozen dinner before ordering delivery from China A Go Go again!!!
4	Love this place for quick Asian food. The restaurant is very clean. The service is quick even when ordering for delivery. My favorite items on the menu are honey walnut shrimp, chow fun noodles, and a Thai tea with boba. I also occasionally order from the family specials, because you get more bang for your buck.
