4	I've visited Tibet Foot Massage a couple of times now, and figured it was a good time to finally review it. Both times I had Rex, and he was always polite, accomodating, and best of all, a GREAT masseuse. As with some of the other massage spots on Spring Mtn, there is always quite a bit of background noise to accompany the instrumental music playing in the background (i.e the masseuse taking a cell phone call or getting up in the middle of my massage to talk to a guest who's just walked in). I've learned to deal with that after many massages on Spring Mtn. I just tuned it out and focused on being calm and relaxed. It's not your 4-star establishment but for the price and the quality of massage you receive, it's definitely worth it. I'm moving out of Vegas and I'll surely miss it!
4	$39/1hour foot  massage! (+ tip)   I got a guy named Tom who was excellent.   He could really work on the muscle areas that I didn't even know were sore/tight/problematic.  My friend had Nanshi who she thought was great!  No prob w/ credit card transaction & did u know they have a frequent msg card? Buy 9 & get 1 free!  or $36 ea + tip.
5	kevin oh kevin.. u are a miracle worker.so I've got some issues, and lately have been a hot mess inside and out.  decided that instead of catching a movie and being miserable.. wanted, no needed.. a foot massage instead.  wanted to try a different place instead of the usual place, so i did my yelp research and came across this gem.  [and soooooglad we did...][btw] I've only been to one other.. and this place has definitely averted my attention and opened my eyes to the worldof better then decent foot massages.so of course walking in there's not much introduction or talking.. u kinda just let them know your there and their up and starting the process of doing what they do.  we were escorted into couples room.. with two separate and comfy massage chairs.  there's also a curtain that makes it totally private.  [these rooms are way more comfortable then lined up reclining chairs shared with an entire open room.]so, big bucket of hot water with tea bags.. feet in bag... left to soak while they start with arms and hands.  the pressure of the massage was perfect. it hurt just right.. and the pain left just as soon as the pressure was applied.  it was like he was feeling every knot out and pushing it out.  it was very thorough... and even though there were points where it seemed like I couldn't take the pressure and that at any moment it would be super painful.. but that moment never came.  it was more of a release feeling!at one point...  it got a little awkward cause they get on your back and it's like you become a pony getting taken for a ride.. yep, awkward is a good word..and then it's over.. and i get up and feel like i just woke up from a great nap..the feeling that i had when i walked in was gone.magic...
1	warning:  mild language.  grr. language.um, okay.. pains me to write this review.  the woman massaging me was super courteous  but the entire experience was awful.  if you've read my previous review you know I was actually a fan of this place, and because I was a fan I figured this next visit would be just as good, maybe even better..so not.we came in, got ourselves ready... feet in bucket, same routine. we wait around because only kevin is there, so we had to wait for another massage person.  finally someone comes and we start the massage.  10 minutes into the massage a group of kids walk in, loud as hell with no regard for shit, or that they walked into what is supposed to be a freaking quiet place..  I guess they figured that because it's quiet, nobody's there.anyway, I let it go & figured they would just sit down and f'n relax in a second.. but because no other massage ppl were there,  they had to stop our massage to accommodate the loud ass people. four ppl had to be taken care of and they all wanted to all be in the same room, so some rearranging of furniture had to be made.   suddenly it was a symphony of sound!  chattering, giggling, cutesy awws because  johnny was trippin' out, phone calls, moving furniture.. it was chaos.i learned in that 15 minutes a lot of things.  johnny had never gotten a massage before, the young lady was a size 6.5,  that they'd been on their feet all day, that it was singles day valentines day, that johnny was uncomfortable and his friends were trying to make him relax but he just could not,  that they went to get foot massages in china town new york and it was the best they'd ever had... that johnny was being so cute because he was wailing and crying about being uncomfortable with the whole situation...etc. etc.  all in stadium voices.   finally, about 15 minutes later they return and apologize and tell us we get extra time.  yeah, no shit right?  so on goes our massage, and on goes the chattering.  i want to add here that  this isn't a wall that blocks out sound.   it's more a bamboo partition of some sort that actually carries sound as clear as drums and trumpets and symbols.    so I say, 'they're very loud.'. and she says: "oh, sorry... teenagers." and rolls her eyes.  the door dings, and the other massagers arrive announcing their arrival, and the party next door welcomes them in like long lost friends seeing each other again for the first time in a million trillion years.I say again, 'its very loud.' and she apologizes again and says something in Chinese to the other masseuse.  he understood right away and whistles!  yes! like, at a football game or hailing a cab.. I was so thankful that even though it was a whistle, something was being done about my woes of unsustainable peace.  Finally, i let out a "SHHH. PLEASE. shit."  so they drop to a whisper.  I'm easy, this could work... and finally.. we have quiet.we came in at 9:00 and our massages started at 910.. then resumed at 9:30.  the extra time you said you gave us...  was bullshit.  our massages ended at 10:20 and the lady had the audacity to tell me that extra time was put into our massage.   i kept looking at the clock because i was so disappointed that the entire fiasco happened at all.  fast fwd to the register.  they ask if we would like to add the tip on the card and my husband says, '5. each.'.  which I was surprised happened at all.  kevin, yes... kevin [previous review] goes on to say, tip is regularly 10.00...i thought it was a tip?  what the hell is a tip nowadays?  MANDATORY? 0_o I had no problem telling them that i did in fact know this, and that they could thank the party for stealing that extra  5, possibly 10, dollars from their tip jar.. and that they were lucky at all for getting the 5 for all the noise and interruptions.  the woman understood and again apologized.  we left that place tonight a little more tense then we went in.  so.  no happy ending at the Tibet foot massage.  We will never EVER see that place again.here's a tip:  PUT A SIGN UP THAT SAYS, MASSAGES IN PROGRESS. STFU.  AND IF YOUR CLIENT SAYS, "PLEASE TELL THEM TO BE QUIET..." TELL THEM TO FREAKING BE QUIET.
4	Foot massage is always a sketchy proposition in this town. As you drive down Spring mountain the claims of reflexology can blur into a haze of bad window clings that help obscure the less-than-legit types of establishments that lurk in the shadows. As a frequent business traveler who is constantly running down taxi's, planes and trains in Italian leather boots, sometimes I need a reflexive foot massage badly. Tibet is a small clean and serene place, with stained wood and deep red finishes. Not bordello red mind you, more like Tibetan monk robe red. The semi-private area's where services take place are tranquil and tidy, and can accomodate couples and walk-in's. They can even accomodate the likes of my  mom, who's has no off-switch or volume control knob. It was the only time that I ever witnessed her not talking. The fact that I helped impose a 30 minute Tibetan vow of silence upon my own mother makes me love this place even more.    The massauers, are strong and to the point. The 30 minutes foot massage comes at an amazing $20_ plus a generous tip. A well-seeped way to end an evening at Swirl, also in the same complex.
5	I saw a skinny asian girl first...I was wondering is she ok? Maybe not strong enough.But!This skinny girl was amazing powerful and she knows perfect spot!!I def will visit again.Many foot massage places on Spring Mt. Most places are good foot massage but not so good for shoulder/back.This Tibet place was awesome!
5	I come here a lot. New to yelp so this is my first actual check in. This place has been great from day 1, I always bring clients in and we enjoy the true professionalism of this place.
4	Super nice. Super clean and a great massage. I just don't understand why we accept it as "a cultural thing" and " the norm" that the massagers talk non- stop on the phone while working?  They set the mood- darkened room, calming music, bottle of water, soft pillows behind your head, a towel draped over you to keep you warm....and then....the phone starts!!! Uggh.  I'll be back, love their late hours!
3	It's harder to find because it's located under the steps in the plaza.  It looks dodgy but this is a legit place.  Service was good and it's decent in pricing for the area.
4	What a bargain! This place was recommended by a friend of a friend, so a pal and I went to get the 60 minute foot massage.  I was wrong in thinking it would just be a foot massage, though, as the woman started on my arms, then covered my feet & lower legs for an extended period of time, and then had me flip over so she could attack my back.  Great experience, and only $35 plus tip.  Wish I had a spot this great locally!
5	This is a hidden gem you'll find on the right side of the plaza, first floor, under the stairs, next to a Vape store. This place is great & well worth the $35/hr/pp we spent + a tip. We requested to skip the full body massage and had them concentrate on just feet/calves & 10 minutes on shoulders; they were happy to accommodate. I love that they separate every 2 beds with a wooden partition. They offer a frequent guest card, buy 9 and get the 10th one free. Friendly staff and clean establishment. Wouldn't hesitate to come here again.
