1	This company has been maintaining my yard for the past few months.  Today, the crew came and spent about two minutes blowing my yard.  I called to say that they didn't do the job they were hired to do and I was terminating their services, and the response was, "You've been a pain in the ass since day one.  We're glad you're gone."  I am flabbergasted!  I have no idea where that came from.  I've only spoken to the owner twice.  I have never had a confrontation with them before.  I have no idea how I could have been a "pain in the ass" in the past.  I definitely would not refer this company to anyone.  I have never been treated so unprofessionally by a service in my life.
5	I just can't imagine that the owner responded to the other woman's review as she stated.  I've personally not used them but a client of mine did that needed major cleanup front and backyard including very large trees.  The day before I listed the home I was sweating thinking she would not pay to get the work done needed to sell the home.  Not only did she call Sonora Desert landscaping, they did an exceptional job both front and back, worked their "tails off" (as she put it) and the home sold the next day.  Price was extremely competitive and she said the owner and the workers were very friendly.I do know there is a company out there with very a similar name.  Maybe that's who she was referring to.Kudo's to Sonora Desert Landscaping!
1	I would give zero stars if I could.  Janey T. completely agrees with me.  Lawsuits?  The owner told me, "I ALWAYS win."  Hmmm, sounds as if I'm not the only unhappy customer.  Do NOT hire these people.  Extremely unprofessional and, in my opinion, psycho!
1	I wish I read the reviews before I hired this company - I had hired Jim to do clean up and weed control (killer and pre-emergent) he was a retired veteran and I felt the need to help our vets for all they have done for us!! when they came to do clean up the yard which is not big by any means, was cleaned to subpar at best, and pre-emergent was not put down. I called Jim that after noon and he blamed his son and said he will take care of it. a couple of weeks later I received a bill and called Jim and explained the situation and his response was if you spoke to my son that will get you nowhere, I stated no, I spoke to you. He advised me to not pay until I hear from him first. Another month goes by and I receive yet another invoice, while the work has still not been completed. I call back and Jim says exactly the same thing blaming his son. Then he remembers - once again don't pay before you hear back from me. Then another month later I get a rude phone call from Jim stating I am trying to receive payment and I said I am still waiting for work to be done. He asks once again what wasn't done and before I tell him he once again states if you spoke to my son that would get you know where. Can someone tell me why  you would want your son to work with you if he is not responsible? once again I tell him the story and he all of a sudden vaguely remembers something - Really???  This is by far the WORSE company I have ever dealt with and would definitely consider hiring Mexicans again to do my yard because not only are they grateful for the work but they come back. If you can avoid this company at any and all costs I would recommend  you do just that!!They only received one star because zero stars was not an option
