4	The cooks at this particular Denny's are very good.  The wait staff are friendly and quick.  My mom and I eat breakfast here often and have never been disappointed.
3	You always know what you're going to get when it comes to good at Denny's. When they're staffed properly, the service is usually prompt and friendly. Looks like I'm in luck, this morning.
4	Decide to go Denny's for my son's birthday, Yay he got a free breakfast.  The food was fine, very typical Denny's food. I has the biscuits and gravy and a scrambled egg. It was perfect, my son loved his breakfast as well. Will return for my birthday. The waitress was very nice, the food was warm. Just a nice simple place.
5	Came for a Grand Slam and it was the best Grand Slam I've ever had. They even made the bacon just the way I requested (very very well done, almost burnt without actually burning), which is rare because at most places I still get floppy bacon no matter what I say. The hostess was friendly, my waitress was friendly and efficient, and the dining area was clean and organized. Definitely want to come back to this location.
5	Friendly service. Its as clean as any other 24hr diner. Same food as you would see at other breakfasty resturants. A little weird at 2am.
4	Everytime I come here I'm always treated nicely by the staff. They're friendly and do an excellent job. The food is good too. I ordered the strawberry lemonade and it was delightfully tasty. But honestly I've had better. Same goes with their coffee as well. I had the red, white and blue slam yesterday and it was okay. It's not as good as they advertise it on tv. It's a good thing they only offer it for a limited time.
1	This location was awful. The building is brand new,  but the staff is the same garbage staff from across the street location.  The server was hardly around, the food took 45 minutes from time of order.  I would stay away from this craziest.
4	Always come here for breakfast every Friday, usually don't have silverware on the table but hey its Dennys
2	very slow service then it was kinda like Jerry Springer with 2 of the waitress. Yelling at each other in front of the customers. It was kind funny. Food was just okay it does need new Management for sure.
