3	Stopped here with some coworkers, who were attempting to try all the pizza downtown has to offer.Overall, not bad at all. The pizza was tasty and affordable, and they have a big dining area which wasn't cramped at all, even at lunchtime.The atmosphere was a little shady (we were informed that they didn't keep napkins in the dining area because "people kept stealing them"), and I don't think I'd take a date here, but overall this is a solid lunchtime place if you work dahntahn and like a good slice of pizza.
3	Not great, not bad.  Just one girl appeared to be working when we found the place.  Short walk across the bridge from Station Square.  Pizza was creative and tasty, hoagie I got was crispy and good as well.  It was pretty hot in there, but I just don't think PGH is used to handling that kind of heat.  The other review is correct about the napkins being hidden away a little, but we had no problem getting a few.
4	Pizza Fiesta surprisingly delivered out to us in Beechview, and the pizza was excellent as was the hoagie. I liked the Sugar Balls too.
1	Everything was good until I saw the mold on the top of my cheesecake.
2	blech.  this isn't pizza.  the steak hoagie tasted decent, but that's not steak either... then again this wouldn't be worst decision you could make at 1AM
4	Love Pizza Fiesta! I never thought of ordering pizza downtown considering I don't live down there (and there are many pizza places closer to me), but after being introduced to it, why not? Everything I've tried has been very good. Nothing that makes me go crazy, but well worth the price. They also have a ranch dressing that is very tasty! What keeps me going back, however, is the prices. Everything is fairly cheap. Also, if you order and get it delievered, they have it at your house withing 30-45 minutes. It's probably the quickest pizza place I've ever ordered from! They also are open till early morning which is good for when you're hungry and don't feel like cooking at 1 a.m. The only problem is sometimes they tend to forget things. Once they forgot my drink and another time we asked for hot garlic wings and they only gave us garlic. Not anything to really complain about, but definitely something to keep in mind.
1	I ordered there supreme pizza. It took an hour to arrive. The delivery guy called and asked my address about 50 min in. He asked me if I could wait outside so he could find my place. Um no it's 10 degrees outside then he hung upon me. The pizza was cold and it wasnt the right pizza it was a taco pizza. Didnt bother calling back because I didnt want to wait another hour and then have to deal with that miserable delivery driver.
4	In my opinion, this is the best pizza I've had thus far since moving to Pittsburgh. This encompasses everything from the crust, the sauce, and whatever toppings you may get on top. Plus, the sauce to cheese ratio is exactly what it should be. Of course it doesn't hurt to have an awesome complimentary ranch dipping sauce to go along with your pizza.
3	I started going here because I went to Point Park, and it was close. Now I only go here when I'm feeling nostalgic for my freshman year of college. This place is great because it's open late. Other than that it's nothing to write home about. It's also convenient for anyone who works or goes to school downtown. But pizza places are also a dime a dozen downtown.  I just frequented this place because its proximity to Point Park. That's the only thing that made me choose this place over any other pizza place downtown. The food is alright. Just your average pizza, hoagies, etc. Not any better or worse than anything else. The inside is outdated and grungy. It's the kind of place that makes you feel unclean just being inside, but I'm not very particular about that sort of thing. If you are, I would stay away.
1	WORST RESTAURANT IN TOWN.  The first time I ordered from them, there was a bug in my food and it took two hours to get to me in the first place.  I wanted to be fair and give the place another try.  The second time, the food took 2 1/2 hours to get to me.  I cancelled the order and told them I wanted a refund a half hour before it arrived.  They refused to refund and hung up on me.  TERRIBLE BUSINESS RUN BY THIEVES.  UTTERLY DISGUSTED.  STAY AWAY!!!
4	I love the name of this place, I love the fact that they are trying to mash it up.  With a name that kind of evokes an Italian Mexican chain, it's not what you are really getting.  One of the other things that I really appreciate of this place is that they deliver to a huge amount of neighborhoods circling around the downtown area.Since I started out on writing my review for this place I have ordered at least twice from here.  Both times I was not disappointed.  Both times I was full.My first order was one of their bread twists.  I had the pepperoni variety.  If you need a visual for this, just think of everything that you would put on a pizza, minus the sauce, stuffed inside some bread that is in the shape of a C.  Only minus the sauce on the inside, why, because you get a side of marinara on the side with some ranch (more on that later) on the side.  It was good, so good that I ate it all in one sitting.  My next order here was a salad.  With a mix of iceberg and spring mix lettuce I wasn't let down by this.  Add in some cucumbers, red onions, and tomatoes I was sold.  I had opted for some of that ranch dressing I mentioned prior.  What is so good about it?  It's homemade.  So good, definitely not store bought.  I thank you for this due to my allergies, I could actually enjoy a ranch dressing again.You've definitely earned another repeat customer in me.Woot Woot!  Review #700
