3	Mr. Hottie and I ventured over here today to check it out. Talk about a diet deviation!  I was a little nervous to disappoint him as he's from Illinois and Great Dane's claims to serve Chicago Style Dogs. I took a deep breath and went inside.Great Dane's is an older building that could be designated as a charming little hole in the wall. The inside is covered with pictures of dogs, those you eat and those you pet. We went to the counter to order and were greeted warmly. The girl behind the counter was friendly and explained what the various types of dogs were. Mr. Hottie chose 2 Chicago Style dogs (Great Danes) and I chose the Hound Dog (a larger hot dog) with cheese, chili and sauerkraut (hey... don't knock it until you try it). All the dogs come with your choice of fries or coleslaw.We grabbed a small table and waited for our order. It wasn't long before our food was brought to our table. My hot dog was delicious. The meat was all Vienna Beef and it wasn't at all greasy or mushy. My hot dog was actually "meaty" if you will. Mr. Hottie's dogs were good! (Sigh of relief). He said the same thing about his dog. A few observations he had was that he wished that they added more Sports peppers on the dog. It only came with one on each dog. He also wished for more tomato. The dogs automatically came with sauerkraut which, I learned, is not usually on a traditional Chicago dog unless you ask for it. Overall, we liked Great Dane's. It's a little old gem and I'm sure we'll visit it again whenever we're feeling naughty and craving wieners! HOT DOGS YOU PERVS! Go check it out. You'll see what I mean.
5	I have been ordering the #7 (chili dog) with fries and an ice tea for nearly 15 years from The Great Dane. I love this place! The owners are so great and friendly.The food is simple, but I love it. This is a small establishment and at times can be kind of crowded and other times there isn't but one customer.
4	Great Dane has a good hot dog. nothing super fantastic but when your craving a hot dog and are in this neighborhood this is a good place to stop.prices are a little meh, and the fries were so so.i got the reuben hotdog and it was tasty...except for the cheeze wiz in it. i don't remember that being in a Reuben sandwich. otherwise it was a good dog.yelp.
4	Solid, fresh made to order Hot dogs. I'm a weekly diner at Dane's. $4.50 gets you a dog and choice of side. Fries, tater salad, potato chips. It's a simple little place, cooking their hot dogs hot and fresh. I love to support the little guys, and when they provide a serious, consistent product, that makes me like them even more. Recommended to anyone in the area who wants a hot dog, bratwurst or chili dog.
4	A real trip - back in time! The "old world" alpine chalet decor is honest enough to be cute in it's cheesy-ness, especially with the addition of the heavily-accented (Danish, I assume) ladies behind the counter. The dogs are excellent. A sign says you must request that your dog be grilled (I assumed that meant your dog is boiled otherwise), but I made no such request and my Jumbo came out perfectly grilled with just the right amount of crispiness on the outside, juiciness on the inside. The tuna salad-stuffed tomato was also tasty as was the potato salad. Nothing cut tinge edge or creative here - just good, solid, traditional tastiness.
5	I've been coming here for about 15-20 years.  I used to alternate between here and Mr. Mort's until Mr. Mort died.  Now I eat all my hot dogs here.  Hildy is just the best.  The dogs are authentic (and I am from Chicago).  My health concious kids will only eat the turkey sandwiches which are not bad.  I've had the Italian beef several times and it is excellent.  The fries are cooked just right.    My only criticism would be that the drinks are loaded with crushed ice.  I think you can get free refills but I have always been too embarrassed to ask.  The outdoor seating (3 tables) is dog friendly too!
5	Spectacular!Great comfortable environment and delicious inexpensive food.  If you love hot dogs this is your place.  They have lots of variety but don't go overboard and mess up a simple delicious hot dog.  One thing i can never forget about this place is the soda.  Sounds peculiar I know but they mix it perfectly and shave the ice into almost powder mmmmmm.  Very nice owners who run a great business so if you like supporting local business im sure thy could use your business.   Only open for lunch but definintely beats stealing coworkers leftovers from the work fridge. I hear not so great things about their burgers but i go there for the hot dogs so I've never had that problem.  Highly Reccomended!Recommend: footlong
5	I just moved here from Seattle and wanted to have a hotdog.  I saw this place one night when it was close and we decided to go back the next day when they opened.The menu was intimadating at first, so I had to ask the girl what was what.  I ordered the quarter pound.  Yummy!  BF ordered the Reuben, which looked really good with the cheese sauce on it.We will be back
4	Yummy hot dogs. Love the potato salad!
3	Owner was very rude. Hot dogs were just ok, nothing special. No reason to return. Rude and poor value.
5	This place is great.  Terrific prices and everything and more you would expect from a Vienna beef hotdog joint.  The owner and his wife a very sweet people, with a slight European accent but I have not asked what country they were originally from.  I am sure it was one with a passion for sausage, guessing Austria.  Anyway they do their dogs very well, great fries, everything comes with a side of your choice, cole slaw, potato salad, chips, fries, and more.  Hot dogs are constructed just like they should be and have that authentic taste, unlike those other chain reasturants that claim to serve Vienna beef, those chain Chicago style eateries with amazing decor and piss poor food, you know the ones.  This is an authentic unpretentious joint that deserves your business.  Great to take the kids to and like I said the prices are very fair, a great high quality low cost lunch is what to expect.
5	The epitome of a classic "Mom and Pop" place. Great food and great prices! They have awesome Foot Long Hot Dogs!
4	I am not a hot dog connoisseur. I'll be honest. I mostly dislike hot dogs.Growing up, our family tradition was to eat a hot dog on New Year's day. My mom (and grandmother before that) would say you'd be guaranteed to have money in your pocket year round (and that every meal after would be sure to be better). I ranked this "tradition" right up there with the mandatory liver and onions dinner once a year. Well, I must confess: since Dottsy Z. introduced me to Great Dane's I have craved and enjoyed a chili dog on my own volition on more than one occasion. The soft poppy seed bun provides a pillowy home for a the steamed dog (which could be grilled upon request) that offers a nice mild flavor with the famous snap. The chili is an excellent compliment providing a nice additional texture. All a this and yummy skinny fries for under $5? At that rate, I really do have a shot at money in my pocket all year!So, my hat is off to Great Dane's for doing what my mother and grandmother were never able to do: eat a hot dog and enjoy it!
1	DO NOT EAT HERE!!!  They have the worst customer service!!!  I don't go out to eat to be given an attitude.  I expect courteous service.
3	Good but not great would be the way to sum up my experiences at Great Dane's.Yes, they serve Chicago style, genuine Vienna Beef hotdogs, but despite what anyone claims, these are not rare and can be found almost everywhere. Plus, despite the fact that they may be "Chicago" style, they are kind of wimpy little dogs.Unlike others, I've never had an issue with the service here, so they get credit for that.But mostly, it's just the dated atmosphere that drives me batty. The building itself is built in that faux-Danish style that was popular in the 60's and 70's and this place feels like it hasn't been updated since. From the wood benches to the lousy AM radio station playing in the background, it feels like you've entered a time warp. In fact, if you wanted to turn this into a bar, it could be the Regal Beagle from Three's Company. What I'd love to see would be the owners either embracing the retro theme and including it in the menu, decorations, or overall atmosphere or just partnering up with local schools and becoming the hangout for junior high and high school kids in the area, like one of those classic malt shops or diners you see in TV shows.For now though it's a decent place to get a hot dog, but nothing all that great.
4	The Hot Dogs are delicious and prices are reasonable.  I love their daily lunch special 2 Hot Dogs, Fries & Drink for $5 !
5	I will keep this one short an simple, By far a Great dog an usually great meal deals, and will make any excuse to stop in and sit a spell.Staff is always greatFood is prepared by a husband and wife that take great pride in what they o
3	Sometimes you just want a hot dog, and Great Dane's is the perfect place for a hot dog fix.  The interior leaves much to be desired, but hey, it has been there since 1975!  The prices are cheap, the daily special is usually 2 hot dogs, fries and a drink for $5!  I like the dogs, they are Vienna Beef, but I do wish they were a bit thicker like the Costco dogs, but I did enjoy the poppy seed buns and traditional Chicago style fixings!
5	Great food, made to order with many choices. Love this central PHX favorite. Hate that it makes you add extra text to post. This is a great little place clean and yummy.
4	I enjoyed this place.  It's a throwback to places you might have eaten at as a kid.I got the lunch special which is 2 hot dogs, fries, and a drink for $5.99 ($6.55 inc. tax).  The dogs were great with the fixings.  The fries are the shoestring kind (not thick cut steak fries) which is what I like.  The food is served in a basket and the ketchup comes out of the old school squeeze bottles.I was in and out in less than 20 minutes and spent less than $7.  Nice place to pop into if you want to go old school for a change.
4	Since this place is set up rather simpke, I'll make my review the same. Good deal for the money for dogs, beef, burger or, sausage.  The don't over do it with the toppings so enjoy it all..
2	This is one cheap owner. Now he has downsized the soda, and raised the prices. He will eventually save himself out if a business. Poor value, ok quality.
5	Five stars based on the menu items I had. I had the bulldog and potato salad. Hot dog was was perfectly cooked (snappy casing provides a nice texture) on a soft yummy fresh bun. Relish was fantastic and I have to give special props to their thin little pickle spears. If you like pickles, ask for extra! Husband had the brat and said it was great.The potato salad is the old-fashioned mayo kind like mom used to make. If it ain't broke, don't fix it. They have a pretty big menu so I am excited to try their other items.
3	Today 4 of us went to the new  Great Dane's Restaurant in Knots Berry Farm and we were all disappointed. We have lived in Phoenix, AZ and we are used to the way the hot dogs and chili tasted there. What a disappointment to taste these chili dogs. They were nothing like the ones we had in AZ. I suggest you get your qualified team to Orange county and correct the problem immediately if not sooner. People that aren't used to the original Great Dane's Restaurant might like them but Costco or Schnitzel are better. Sorry! Get working!!
3	A cheesedog and chili dog, just good enough to fill an empty stomach. Somehow it was just average but definitely good stuff.
2	Nothing special, to be honest.  I am a huge supporter of small business owners. Sadly, Sonic has better tasting hotdogs and buns. Also his lemonade offered with special (says machine is broken, awaiting repair) is disgusting, watered down. Sadly, after all these years driving by... I know why I have not ever stopped in....and never will again.  :/
5	A reviewer stated their dogs are not big enough, however they offer three sizes, and I found the regular size to be sufficient.  These dogs rock.  They are so tasty, And the toppings are extremely good as well.  The restaurant might seem a little ghetto but it is well worth going to.
