4	Try the ceviche and find heaven on earth! I was bummed when I found out Don Miguel's was now called Coasta Cantina but the menu is pretty much the same and all I cared about was that they still had my favorite ceviche. Yum yum!
2	The food was only so so.  The shredded beef tacos and pork enchiladas were on the bland side and the rice was very dry and tasteless. The dips that came with the chips were good and the margaritas were pretty good for the price.
1	This was the first (and last) time we had eaten at this restaurant. We were at The Orleans and thought we would try it out (since TGI Fridays had a long wait). The waitress, Oralia, was very nice and got our drinks right away. The chips and salsa were nothing special. We did have to ask several times to get refills on our soda. When our food came out  all 3 of our orders were wrong. Finally after getting everything correct the food was not that great. When the bill came we saw they had charged us for a side of cheese (which we did ask for but they didn't tell us there was a charge for it) and they charged us for an item that ended up being sent back because it was wrong. We finally got the bill sorted out and went to pay the waitress, using credit cards and cash, and that became another ordeal I won't go into. Bottom line: DON'T EAT HERE!!!
3	Coasta Cantina is the new name for the restaurant Don Miguel's.  You still get the three types of dip with the chips, menu seems to be the same, and the specials seem to be the same.  I had the carnitas, and it was okay; the pork could have used more flavor, but it was okay.  It's just your typical corporate owned Mexican Restaurant, nothing more, nothing less.
4	I love this place. Any time my wife and I come to vegas we come here. I like the fresh chips with the 3 sides. The food is always good. Service is great. This is the old don miguels. I asked what had changed. Nothing only the name and owner. Staff and cooks are still the same. I like the quality of the food. i am very picky. I have never had a problem in this place.
3	Whenever I eat here I really want to love this place.  The chips & assorted salsas/dips you start with are SO great.  And then I get my entree.  And then I'm just left feeling mediocre about this place.What's good: The aforementioned chips & salsa. $3 house margaritas (WHA?!? Yes Please).  Most sauces are good.  Food seems pretty fresh.What's OK: Service. The actual food - it pretty much all tastes the same.Nothing's bad...it just is a place to eat some OK Mexican food when you want a break from losing your money at the tables.
3	The fajita special for 2 was a great value.  Margaritas are tasty, but the fajitas were somewhat bland. Dessert was fried banana or ice cream which were both very good
2	Yuck,In a town with a huge Latino population, why can't the food be just a little bit better?  The only good part of the meal was the chips and salsa.  Don't get the flavored margaritas because mine tasted like mango syrup on the rocks.  Stick to the traditional or just order a beer.  Flavorless and lukewarm food.  Get out of this casino if you want food, I have eaten at the Oyster Bar, Coffee Shop and now here and for some reason the food in all three restaurants is undesirable and barely heated through.
3	Not the best Mexican place, and not the worst.  Chips and Salsa to start off are great, with two sauces and beans to enjoy.  I wish they would change up the menu, as there are plenty of other choices they could serve to add some zing to this place.Staff is always friendly and service has always been good to us.  Food just needs an upgrade in my opinion.
3	Located in the Orleans Hotel Casino, this is a Mexican restaurant that is pretty laid back not the festive craziness of Senor Frogs. The prices are very good and the food is not bad either. Is it worth a special trip, no. But if you are in the neighborhood, you could certainly do worse, at very least you can get a great Margarita. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	This is the worst excuse for Mexican food I have ever eaten, and I have eaten the southern cuisine at least twice a month for over 40 years. The food is obviously prepared weeks ahead of time and reheated to serve. The cheese  enchilada was so rubbery it was not edible. The beef enchilada was burned at both ends where it had been microwaved. Don't waste your calories, money or time with this place. Want cheap either!
3	While on this side of town taking care of some errands, I suggested this place to hubby since we were passing by it anyway. I have eaten here many times in the past but it had been a while so I was curious to see what had changed if anything. They now have a "Coasta Cantina Express" which is right where you walk in to be seated in the actual restaurant. If you don't want to eat inside this gives you the option to just grab it to-go. I would think you could just order it to-go from inside the restaurant the same but maybe people don't think about that and having the express makes them realize that they want a taco. The express menu is limited compared to the menu inside but has the standard favorites. You can choose tacos, burritos, salads, rice bowls, quesadillas, nachos, soda, water and it wouldn't be Vegas unless they sold beer and they do that too. $4 a beer! Eating inside gets you free chips, salsa & bean dip but if you want it from the express it is going to cost you $3.50 (no beans just chips & salsa) and $1.95 if you want to add rice and beans to your order. Now that I was finished being nosy about the express option I decided eating inside would be better for us. We were seated right away and had our drink orders taken. The person bringing us refills was spot on he was quick to refill our chips & salsa or ask if we needed anything but our server lacked a lot of things. It took her 15 minutes for her to even come over and see us and then 5 more minutes until she came back to take our order. We finished 2 rounds of chips & salsa before she came over to us. They weren't very busy at all so I don't know what the deal was. The chips & salsa are good and the bean dip is amazing. It tasted just like I remembered it. When it came to the main course I ordered the "Cheese Enchiladas" made with flour tortillas. It came with a side of beans (I know I said it but the beans are so tasty!) and rice. It wasn't terrible at all but it wasn't spectacular. I think it could be due to the fact that the plate wasn't very warm when it arrived. I was able to get it for $7.99 after I showed my players card. Currently if you have a players card then on weekdays before 6 pm you can get a 2 item combo for just $7.99. My meal would have been $11 with out the deal. Score! Hubby ordered a "Shredded Beef Burrito" priced at $12 and had it smothered for 99 cents more. He enjoyed it and found the size to be good but again the food was sorta cold. This could have been easily given more stars by me if the server did her job and if the food wasn't on the cold side. I will more then likely leave this location to the tourists and stick to the location closer to my home.
1	The big special is two items for $7.99.  That is a discount over the regular $12.00.  That would be fine but the deal is not that great.  2 tacos for $7.99 is just ok.  The problem is that our server was so mean and nasty about making us all pull out a players card to get the deal before she even served any drinks.  She looked out the top of her glasses at us and acted like the special was much better than it is.  Most places ask to see one card per couple, including the buffet which offers good discounts for players card holders.  But this lady demanded my mother and father, who were tired on their trip, each go through their items and pull out a card each and acted like a cop rather than a food server.The chips and salsas they served were adequate and we each had a drink before we decided we were not willing to be abused by this mean spirited server any longer and we did not order the 2 item special in spite of the server insisting it was such a good deal.  We got a better deal down the way at TGIF for better food and they did not act like we were criminals.  Never going back here again.
1	My family and I had a reservation for dinner before our show. Our party of 6 was sat down at 6pm. The restaurant was only about half full. It took a full 10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged our presence. The bus server who finally came by with chips and took our drink order didn't even get the drink order correct. She had to go back for my ice tea. It took another 15 minutes for the waitress to show up. Mind you, we flagged the manager down during this time and he said he would find our waitress and send her over. He didn't. He went back to his stand, completely ignoring our request. After another 15 minutes we did finally get our food...I had the flautas. All I can figure is my order was done first and just sat waiting for everyone elses. It was luke warm and soggy, same thing happened to two other diners in our party as well on completely different dishes. We talked with the Manager again on our way out and he truly didn't care. If you love crappy food and seriously lousy service, go ahead and go there. My family and I sure won't.
4	The best flavored steak fajita I have ever had.
1	I would give them a zero if I could based strictly on the customer service quality. We were a group of six who went in with a BOGO coupon created by Coasta Cantina expressly for our convention at the nearby Orleans Arena.  After a lot of needless debate (the coupon was really straightforward, but he tried to make it sound ambiguous), the manager refused to honor the coupon. He also didn't want to push two tables together to allow us to be more comfortable, and opted instead to have 6 of us sit at a small round table. Weird, but we complied with that. This was at 9 PM on a weeknight, so the place was pretty much empty.There are too many details to include them all in this review, so I'll just sum up with this feedback for management/owners:  own your mistake while we are still at the table, and not after we've already walked out the door. Seat us where we are most comfortable, and not what's most convenient for you (especially when the restaurant is practically empty).
