4	Brand new location right on my way to work!  It is on the SE corner of Rural and Ray in the Fry's shopping center.  Even though I drive thru this intersection frequently, it is not easily seen from northbound Rural since it is behind the Wells Fargo which I guess is why I never noticed it until today even though they have been open for two months.  I believe the building used to be a Pollo Loco which explains the somewhat bland structural design and awkward layout.  It is nice and big inside, though, with enough room for two full size leather couches.  A gaggle of teenagers was making good use of them on the evening we stopped by.  Other than that group the place was pretty empty and so there was plenty of tables open.  I noticed that they also had a big patio with plenty more seating outside.  Another nice thing is that they have a drive thru.  The easiest way to enter is from Ray but it wraps all the way around the building.  Hopefully that means it will be convenient and not too crazy during busy times.  I will write an update when I try it out on a weekday morning.
2	Okay, I get a starbucks pretty much every day. The same thing EVERYDAY. I had to go to chandler for a job and i needed my starbucks fix so i went into this one. everyone was nice and friendly and i think it is a pretty new starbucks. They made my drink completely wrong so i politely went over and told them it didn't taste the same as my every day drink. She was nice to try and fix it but all she did was put it in the blender again and made it more watery. I tasted it again and then told her it just still wasnt the same. She got a little snippy and said that thats how its made and didnt care after that. So i went to a starbucks near by and asked if they could make a new one and it was exactly how its supposed to be made.
1	This location is larger than most Starbucks and in a very good location. It's too bad the service here is horrible. I've been to this location several times and had an issue each time. First time I went through the drive thru and ordered a grande black coffee.  I received my coffee in the grande cup, but it was only filled a little more than half way. Second time I went in and there was one person on the store phone (personal call), one person with their back toward waiting customers texting, and a third person ignoring customers while standing at the empty drive thru window. When a customer tried to get the texting girls attention, she actually moved away from the counter and started heading toward the drive thru window to finish texting. She seemed annoyed at the customer trying to get her attention. One couple in line left the store. The guy on the store phone finally turned around and told the person on the phone, "OMG, there's a line. I gotta go. Call you later". This guy then called for the texting girl to take a register. She sighed really loud, slowly made her way to the register, and proceeded to take the next customer's order while rolling her eyes at the male employee. The third  time I went to this location they were out of the two house coffees and needed to make a fresh batch. There wasn't any customer's after me, and very few people in the store. I was told they would bring it out to me. I sat down and began reading my book. After 15 minutes I realized I didn't get my coffee. I went to the counter. The two female employees were standing there talking.  One girl giggled, apologized and said she'll bring it out to me. She forgot to make the coffee! Whoever manages this location needs to know that the poor customer service and attitude is going to get this location closed really quick. I've taken my business to the other two near by locations.
4	I'll chime in and give this location a ratings boost.  The main thing they have going for them is their drive-thru.  They always seem to move people through really quickly.  The other location down on Chandler Ave always has a much longer line.  They have a nice patio and lots of places to sit inside.I have never had a poorly made mocha here and the staff has always been very friendly.   I have never had an issue with service when going through the drive-thru and the few times I have gone in they were equally pleasant and efficient. Not sure what all the hate is for.  If you are on Ray this is a pretty great location.
3	Came to this location for the first time on Sunday morning around 11:30am. It wasn't very busy in the drive-thru so I decided to go that route. I ordered a venti caramel macchiato with soy milk and extra caramel. It came out great. Perfect amount of caramel, sometimes when you ask for extra it's like a caramel boat but this Starbucks got it right. Three stars because I also ordered a gouda, egg and bacon ciabatta sandwich off of their new bakery menu. It was horrible. The egg tasted liked powdered egg and the gouda had no flavor.  I would not suggest breakfast sandwiches here. The croissants are much better. The service was good. The baristas at the window were friendly and smiling. I will visit this location again.
5	I went through the drive through this morning and had to wait to get inline but only for a second. They were fast, efficient and wasted no time getting all the customers through the line. I needed that this morning and I am extremely please.
4	This location is actually very nice. Fast friendly service as expected from most Starbucks. Can't complain!
5	Great location, quick drive thru and friendly service.  This store is BIG and has been renovated.  It's a great location to study, read, have a meeting or just enjoy a cup of coffee and relax.  It's on the corner, so the location is convenient to get to.  If you love starbucks stop by this one for sure!
5	This is the best Starbucks in town. Great management! Service is always great! I always go there.
4	Well, I quit drinking coffee for a while trying to cut back on caffeine but now in 2014 I find that somehow that monkey is on my back again. Anyway, I mostly go to this Starbucks location since it is very close to my house right on my way to work. I usually use the drive thru and I will say that even when there is a long line it moves really fast. Everyone is very friendly and they always get my order right. I also love that they put in the little green plug that keeps your coffee from spilling even without me having to ask for it.I still can't give them 5 stars because the reality is that Starbucks coffee is just not that good. But like most suburbanites, this is my most convenient option so I just go with it. I also think their food has gotten even worse after the recent menu changes; I am speaking specifically of their baked goods. I just can't stand it how they call those square shaped muffins of theirs scones. Go to a real bakery and find out what a scone is actually supposed to taste like and you'll see what I mean.
4	Can you believe that an Espresso Coffee can not be shared with a Tocino del Cielo? It is an insult to the population of Chandler. I made a line for more than 3 mins. I had an attendant behind the counter that spoke Italian, Spanish and English. The leather seats were comfortable and the benches were spacious. The next time we come here I will bring my own Rajita de Crema to enjoy my Macchiato as it is expected.
5	My fav.  The most consistant.  Bad parking and drive-thru congestion, but still my fav location for service.
3	Oh, Starbucks.It's like that horrible ex you can't stop going back to. Except, they're much closer to your neighborhood. And in some cases, a lot faster! Hardy, har har.Really, 9 times out of 10 I'll take a locally owned coffee shop.Yet, sometimes, you're having one of those rough "need extra caffeine!" kind of mornings. You see a Starbucks pop up on your commute and roll on in. This location? Super fast and friendly drive through service at 5AM. Three stars simply because no Starbucks is five stars.
5	This particular store is big but not very quiet if you want to come and read. The service is great and the greeting over the intercom is always a pleasant, especially from male-baristas. They are always trying to move the drive-thru quickly enough, not taking their sweet time like the one on Ray/ 101
4	I like this location to others. nothing like the taste of the walmart of coffee. I dig the layout.lots and lots and lots and lots and lots of first world problems in the reviews for this place. a whole lot of, " my milkshake, my milkshake". Cause if you put that much sugar and caramel and mocha in your coffee you are drinking a milkshake.Meanwhile in the third world.....Shame, Shame Chandler.
2	Went here to around 5:30 to get a iced decaf coffee. Found out they can never make a decaf coffee that is iced.  I was fine with that and tried to order a hot cup of decaf coffee instead, only to find out that they stop brewing decaf at 12pm.... HOW CAN A STARBUCKS NOT HAVE DECAF COFFE!?!?  They sell coffee for a business.    This makes no sense.....
5	I always come to this Starbucks to do homework and just chill sometimes. As a college student needing somewhere to just get away, this place is perfect. I am there at least once a day if not more and I have never had them get my order wrong and the drinks are always good. They also have a great layout with super comfortable chairs and tables, couches, and large comfy chairs. There is great access to many outlets if you need to charge your computer or something. Nice job guys!
