1	Girly is very rude and she is the manager and the owner is super rude and doesn't get much done... I moved in and everything was broken and I called maintenance every day and the owner got to a point where he was going to fight me and he was nasty and in a very bad location is this apartment complex
2	The one good thing about this place is the view from the upper floors. The management doesn't want to inconvenience anyone blasting music even if it is past 10pm on a weekday. They do have a bug problem throughout the building. Unfortunately I am writing this review out of frustration because of a party outside at the pool. The music is so loud that even on the upper floors you can hear it plainly with headphones on from your apartment. The managers response to my complaints about the music being too loud is that she is sorry I don't understand that it's a birthday party for a one-year-old. I told her I don't mind if there is some noise heard from the apartment but when it is to the point that with headphones on you can still hear what's going on outside it is an unlivable situation. I would not recommend moving here.
5	Not sure what the bad reviews are about. I did only just move in this weekend, but so far I'm elated! The apartment is really amazing. The view is phenomenal. Yes, it's an older building, but I'd rather think of it as classic Vegas! The amenities are great, and so far everybody I've met, neighbors and staff, are very friendly. The staff has gone out of their way to make my move into the building as smooth as possible. Maintenance seems to be within an earshot if I need them for anything. The neighborhood is obviously not the greatest or safest in Vegas, but you don't have to move in here to realize that. As long as you're in the building you're pretty safe. They went to great lengths to secure the property from unwanted guests.Bottom line is that I knew what to expect moving in here. It's not Summerlin. This is my first time living this close to the inner city, and it's perfect for my current situation. Number one factor was that they accepted my pit bull (upon meeting her). Secondly, I'm not having to deal with the witch hunts of intrusive HOAs and nosey neighbors with sticks up their asses. I feel very comfortable here, and foresee no major issues that would convince me that I haven't made the right choice moving in. And it has to be said again, I'm looking out my windows right now and I'm just in awe of this view!!
1	The management does not seek professional services when dealing with maintenance issues to keep operating costs low. This has caused a health issue with flooded carpet and pad in the unit. Totally mishandled. Staff seems to have difficulty keeping you updated on what is going on with maintenance issues.Every place has issues I understand but this frequently is a bit rediculous
1	Y
4	As a Vegas native. I have seen/driven past these apartment since I was a kid. However, the outside facade doesn't do the inside justice. They have done a decent job renovating many aspect of their grounds and the apartments themselves provide new school amenities with a 70s Vegas flair.
