2	My youngest daughter really enjoys cooking and is very good at it as well.  So when we got a flyer about this place and did a little research on it we thought it might be something she would enjoy.They offer an "advanced" class called senior chefs for teens with more experience.  Frankly, we expected more.  Much of the cooking was from prepared food, they weren't allowed to handle actual knives and it was overall just too remedial for older more experienced kids.By the time kids are experienced enough to enroll in "senior chef" classes they should be doing more actual cooking.Overall I liked the facility and the staff and it is probably a good thing for the elementary set, just not well suited for older kids that have some experience going in.
2	While my son had an enjoyable time at the class he attended, I have had a less then enjoyable time interacting with Chef Kathy about signing up for additional classes.The website is difficult to navigate, the monthly class schedule is hard to locate on the site and even harder to actually decipher and Chef Kathy is hasty & unprofessional in replies to email inquires asking for clarification.A recent string of emails left a bad taste in my mouth and I blogged in detail about the experience on my personal blog.   I feel that Chef Kathy took her frustration with me (after pointing out a typo on the calendar that caused a large misunderstanding about which class was available and when) out on my children by not enrolling them in the class I requested. I emailed requesting spots at 8:40am on Dec 8th after being told via email at 830pm on Dec 7th that there was space available in the Dec 23rd class I was inquiring about  Chef Kathy proceeded to wait 11 days before replying to my request- in which she then informed me that she had sold the class out and could not accommodate my kids.If passes for classes had not already been pre-purchased I would never deal with this woman or this business again. But since the passes were a gift from my children's grandmother I feel obligated to use them.
1	I LOVE the idea of this place!  It is a very colorful interesting place.  The people that run it are poor business people and jerks.  The website should be your first clue.  When you read about how they cannot accommodate people with gmail - run.  Then the way you register is almost archaic in this day and age - send an email???After my free introductory class for my child where I felt absolutely unwanted - parents are NOT allowed to watch (WHAT??? How do I know what my child is learning so I can reinforce that in the kitchen at home???), the instructor was in a pissy mood (she actually said something to the effect of "if you older kids feel like this is too slow for you we have better classes, there are younger kids in here and I don't know why).  I sent an email to Chef Kathy to give her my feedback.  She defended everything that happened during our "introductory" class.  If I didn't believe in the value of teaching kids to cook then I would NEVER return.  And this is the class that is supposed to be the hook to get you to buy a membership???Additionally, she uses groupon a lot.  The last groupon in april sold 2,111 spaces in the class.  It seems like they only have about  2 - 3 classes per day with about 10 students each.  That's only about 30 spaces per day, plus they have to accommodate their membership students.  So here it is the beginning of June and all of June's classes are still sold out.  Most of July's classes are sold out.  How are you ever supposed to get a space in this place at this rate???  Not to mention they are only getting about $5 for each of these students due to the price of the groupon so I wonder how much longer they can pay the bills.I think someone who actually enjoys teaching children, cooking, believes in good customer service and has a GOOD business sense should open their own YCA.  After all, it is a franchise and I would definitely go there and leave this one in the dust.I would also stay away from Chef Jo, I think she hates kids.
1	Going to try to get my money back from Groupon, I purchased it and they already told me they are sold out for over a month, also the lady emailing me (Kathy the "Chef" what a joke..) was not very nice or helpfu at all, I emailed her for clarification about whether or not they had classes available, you cannot call to talk to anyone they only want you to email them, it's ridiculous, she emailed me and  told me to go back online and look up the August schedule she did not offer to give me any other info but that I need to look closer on their website,the  problem is, the schedule for the month I'm interested in (August) is not posted YET (what are they waiting for it's almost August), it only shows what dates are sold out but offers no information about what dates have classes for my child's age or any schedule info for Augus classes, so they are only telling you what dates you cannot go but no info on which classes are available still and what types of classes they are??? it says "August schedule coming soon" but today is July 28th, don't you think they should have the schedule up for August by now yet she already knows she's pretty much sold out for August according to her email to me?? I plan to get my Groupon money back and apply it elsewhere, I took a free trial a year ago and also did not sign up then, figured I"d give it one more shot with the Groupon deal but they continue to leave a bad taste in my mouth, I recall my daughter rolled out a pillsbury biscuit dough and some helper lady in there was yelling at the kids to hurry up and wash their hands in a very nasty way, it was their first class and they were 3 and 4 year olds and I felt my child did not take away anything from this class and do NOT pay 25.00 for a class here, you can teach them more on your own at home plus they sell stuff in the lobby that is overpriced like a measuring spoon with their logo on it give me a break - the description is NOTHING like what you get when you go there.  Save your money for some other class.  Also have to say that upon taking the free trial class the red flag went up when they said we could not watch our join our kids, so for an hour stay crammed in the lobby with hardly any chairs for parents to sit and wait, I don't know about anyone else but I wasnt going to leave my 4 year old in a strange place with these crabby ladies or any stranger even if they were nice people so they should have a spot for parents to watch the class.  Uhh!!
1	I am happy to see Chef Kathy visiting Yelp and other non biased review sites to see what all of her customers are saying about her company (not just those hand picked to be on her own personal website.) I am, however disheartened to realize that instead of taking the comments to heart and using them to better her business she has opted to use Yelp as a sounding board to put down former unsatisfied customers like myself by way of name calling. Her copy pasted comments to those that had less than positive experiences with her company showcase the type of professionalism that she opts to exhibit. Her comments do nothing to address the actual concerns brought forth in the original reviews, but go miles in proving the very points made about her attitude and how she treats customers. Future customers are urged to strongly BEWARE
1	Chef Kathy had to resort to mentioning "libel" and then defining it for us in case we are not intelligent enough on Yelp to know what it means.  I'm well aware and she would be laughed out of a court of law  if she wanted to spend the money to sue someone for voicing an opinion and sharing an experience on a forum, if however, she was confident in her customer service she would not have even responded.  We live in  America last time I checked and can have an opinion and share it out loud, I'm not standing outside her business making comments,  and this website is meant for people to share opinions, I'm positive my one negative comment will not close her business doors but in these tough times when I see the mall food court had to close down she should change her attitude and be happy she is still in business and kind to her customers  Honestly, I really need not say more because anyone who reads her own comment in response to my comment can see  what I meant. I'm glad Yelp is a sounding board and a place for real people to get real information without it being censored and I think this is a great forum for hearing other's true experience and I have never had any other negative reviews on here other than that one because I truly do not enjoy saying negative things about anyone but felt strong in that case.
1	This business went out of business in October 2011-  A letter posted on their website http://www.youngchefsacademy.com/stores/index.php?id=266  (viewed on 11/28/11) explained their versions of why and also gives information about getting refunds for any groupons, membership tuition balances, BOGO and certificates.  Here is the information directly from the website copy and pasted:  Dear Customer:We deeply regret to inform you that circumstances beyond our control have forced us to send out this notice. Despite our best efforts, Young Chefs Academy of Chandler's doors were closed by the Landlord without notice. What is even more discouraging and disheartening is the fact that the Landlord has refused to work with us to reopen them even though we were the longest standing tenant, we only had three months left on our lease, and we could have had the opportunity to move elsewhere. The Landlord also refused to renegotiate a more market appropriate rate even though they were advertising such rates. As a result of the Landlord's actions, we were forced out of business, and the Landlord kept approx. 95% of our property making it impossible to open elsewhere, so needless to say this has financially destroyed us.As you can imagine, we are devastated along with our staff as we have thoroughly enjoyed working with all of the kids & their families over the past three years providing this excellent service to the community & would like to take this opportunity to thank all of those wonderful customers who emailed the same such sentiments to us.  You will all be missed as well.Sadly, we have weathered the economic storms over the past few years with great plans for the future only to meet our demise in this fashion at the cold and heartless hands of corporate indifference.For those inquiring about Groupon refunds, please contact Groupon Customer Support directly at (877) 788-7858.  For those inquiring about BOGO, Gift Certificates & Member Tuition refunds, the customer will need to file a dispute with their credit card provider indicating "services not rendered" & inform them we are out of business, and you will be reimbursed from the reserve account of our merchant service provider.  This is how we are handling all refunds aside from Groupon refunds (see above) since we are no longer in business.We would like to thank all of our many customers for their loyal patronage, and your business over the past three years has been greatly appreciated.  We sincerely apologize for this tragic turn of events.With best regards,Young Chefs Academy of Chandler
