3	I almost didn't notice this, but tucked next to the Starbucks in this shopping center is a vape shop! We do have a lack for them in the NW, so we wanted to check it out.  I tried some of their samples - Andes Mint, Peach Mango, Fire and Ice, Coffee flavor of some sort. The Fire and Ice was different but the others I wasn't feeling too much. I couldn't try too much since some of their samples were up to 24mg and went straight to my head. I'm at 6mg to zero. He said they will try to scale it down to a lower mg for those who aren't sitting at a higher nic level. Most people I know, even some heavy ex smokers usually sit at 12mg. They carried some starter kits and accessories for that, those really decorated kinds of eGo batteries too, then had some tank selections like vivi novas and protank 2's. The guy was super nice. He started this because he wanted to do something different and hopped on board with his sister in laws business. All the flavors here come from Washington from the original shop that makes the juices.  The store itself is surprisingly big which you wouldn't expect from the outside at all and has actually nice accents. It's a bit empty, but I can imagine if this thing was filled the display wall would be awesome. I barely knew this store existed. It's been open 3 months, my vape group just put it on the map recently after someone stumbled onto it. There isn't much of a online presence and no reaching out in the local groups. People can't come if they don't know it is here. It's in a shopping center that gets some traffic, but there are times we don't drive this "backway" from Centennial Center to the Target center/park. I know he believes in his family product, but from other vapers I know they said they didn't like the juices and I can agree there is some room for refinement on some of the samples I tried. It can't hurt to stock their product and other juices too if the juice variety is a thing that's hurting them. I tried to look up the original store - no Yelp reviews, little online presence....so not "established" in the ways some of the stores with franchises/satellites are either. This space has so much potential to grow. It can be a nice cozy space to have a vape and hangout. I would kill for a place that caters to beginners and die hards alike right by the house. We sink in our money into juice purchases so variety and quality will keep us coming back even if they don't do mechanical mods. At some stores we are there so much we are on first name basis and are expected on tues/weds and at all their special events. Come check them out though, you may find you like a juice or if you're a newbie they have the basics to take care of you. I want this store to succeed, hopefully they only go up from here.
3	I came here one afternoon just to see what they had to offer. I walked in and saw a huge amount of space. There was a leather couch to the left where my Girlfriend immediately sat down and played on her phone. I went up to the counter to try some juice. Some were ok but nothing really blew my mind. The juice is made up in Washington where their main store i believe is at, and sent to this location. The juice that day was sitting at 18mg of nicotine. I tried not to puff too much per flavor, but i still got that rush anyway lol. The way they test is neat and clean styled. You ask a flavor and he goes to the bin behind and pulls out a zip-lock bag with a carto inside it. The man working there was very nice and laid back. He was talking to me about vapefest and how he was going to close shop before 3pm just to go. I mentioned i was going too and that i might see him there. Anyways he mentioned this shop has been open for 4 months now and that service is picking up. If only there were better word of mouth about this place or better advertising, there would be more products.Aside from Juice, the only other products i remember seeing are basic ego sticks a few tank selections. I did see the Protank 2 in there. Also i saw a vamo in the showcase. There's just so much space in this store to just walk. on the opposite wall there are empty shelves running all the way from the entrance to the back. I imagine if this place was booming the shelves would be a cool display for vape stuff.This Vape shop is ok, check out their juice, you may like them. Vegas Vapolife leans more to those quitting or wanting to quit analogs from their selection, and if you're in the area, it doesn't hurt to stop by.
4	This shop is definitely tucked out of the way from a lot of traffic, in fact, it's only saving grace in terms of location is that it's next to a Starbucks. That's how I found it anyway. I decided to stop in while having my car serviced across the street and was surprised when I walked in the door. The shop is pretty big with a welcoming feel and pleasant decor. I was greeted by the shop owner, Greg, who was very pleasant and helpful. I agree with the previous reviews in that the flavors are a little lacking, but the product stock doesn't seem too bad and the prices are decent. It's definitely worth a look.
5	This place is great! Great customer service and super clean! The guy working there was super polite and very friendly. There is a Starbucks right next store so you can kill two birds with one stone. :-) I will definitely be back! I would only suggest that he maybe advertise a bit more or at the very least put a sign up on the main directory billboard of the plaza.Also I don't get people on here?! They sit there and are so critical about everything! Then they have the nerve to write a pretty good review to follow it up by only give them like 2/3 stars! Why would you do that?! Ignorance at it's finest.
5	I love this vape shop. They have everything you need and the flavors are great! I love the ecstasy and the fire and ice. Both amazing flavors with great taste. The customer service here is also top notch. The owner is always in and will answer and help you with any questions that you have from beginners to experts. The space is very large and nice and it is a very chill spot to hang out and vape.Overall I rate this place very high due to the great flavors but above all the customer service here will always keep me coming back!
1	Called up one day and asked if they do builds on mechanical mods. Guy answering phone said no those things are a liability. News Flash its part of the vaping community primarily becoming one of the largest parts. If you want to grow your business I'd look into it. Definitely wont be stopping in and will tell other "liabilties" don't waste they're time
5	I have been a loyal customer for nearly 2 years for 2 reasons. The service is always exceptional and the products I want are always in stock. Being a small business owner, I appreciate others who get "it" - Have good product and treat the customer well. Plus, the store is always clean. If your in the Northwest and looking for a great vape shop, this is it.
