2	I hate to give my peeps 2 stars, but this cafe just didn't deliver.Enter your typical strip mall, into a very small store with a few tables along the walls and a counter.  Loud Vietnamese patrons sat around "playing cards" (it's a euphemism), smoking and  talking loudly.  You know you're in a relatively growing, but new Vietnamese neighborhood when there are a lot of "card houses" in the area.  The kind of place you walk into and they're a little surprised you want to order food.  I don't think they speak much English and looked at me and my Caucasian husband as if we might be lost.  FYI, we tried the Banh Mi Cafe up the road, but they don't serve banh mi anymore and this was an even more awkward entrance than where we ended up - strange goings ons that I don't want to know about.We ordered the white ham sandwich and an iced coffee to go.  The coffee was good (as it is at most, ahem, card houses), but skimpy.  It filled only half my cup.As for the sandwiches, they use traditional Vietnamese bread, not the long french Vietnamese baguettes, which is fine, except mine was pretty stale and chewy, as only a stale Vietnamese baguette can be.  The meat, veggies, peppers, cilantro etc. were all pretty good.  If only they baked their bread fresh, in house.  Your best bet is Le's Sandwiches.  It's a little out of the way for me, but worth the drive.
3	The service is indifferent, the atmosphere is nothing to write home about, and the sandwiches are a bit skimpy on the fillings but quite tasty nonetheless so I gave it a 3-star. They've only got a few different kinds as well. Like another person said, the lady at the front is indifferent and considers customers a bother that take her away from her personal dvd player with the latest VN movie. They charge for water and they overcharge a bit on tax. I tried the pork and my friend the chicken and we split ours and I felt both were quite good.
1	Had to come here to get a Banh mi fix when Le's sandwiches closed up early cause they sold out of everything. Pretty sketchy place. Some weird happenings going on in the back room. Maybe gambling, maybe something else. Who knows. People are smoking inside as this place also sells smokes on the side. As for the Banh mi, they aren't anything special in fact they are pretty skimpy on the meat and veggies. Pretty small in comparison to Le's Sandwiches not too far away and more expensive. Probably would never come back here. As a side note the place next door has some really weird old Vietnamese ladies singing their karaoke.
5	I love this place! Don't be intimidated if you're the only non-Vietnamese person in this little gem of a sandwich shop... probably a good indication you're about to get some delicious authentic food. I believe they only serve banh mi, which is best when eaten right after preparation. This is not a sit down restaurant. But if you can grab a seat, they'll bring you some amazing tea. My favorite sandwich is the grilled pork, hers is the BBQ pork. Iced coffee is amazing. Be sure to have them sweeten it up with condensed milk. Definitely check this place out the next time you're in the mood for an awesome sandwich.
3	This is one of those places that you should be hesitant to say too much about, at least if you have a picture attached to your profile.  They might come after you - or at least post your picture on the smoke-stained walls, right under the "no smoking signs".  As previously mentioned, one of the great ironies of this place is watching the patrons smoke directly under said signs.If you can get past the smoking and game playing, the staff is actually friendly, and will be happy to provide you with a Banh Mi sandwich.  Something that even the Banh Mi Cafe just down the street cannot do.  Unfortunately, the sandwiches are indeed short on fillings, but what is there is pretty tasty.Though you might not get a warm and friendly vibe - especially if your skin is as pale as mine - if you are feeling adventurous, give it a go and you should be just fine.  Whether you can light up or not is unclear.  That might be something reserved for the "family" members.
3	Thanh Huong is kind of amusingly sketchy but like with most places, if you mind your own business you'll be fine. My grilled pork banh mi was a little greasy for my tastes but the ice coffee tasted particularly good.For some reason a lot of the cafe sua da I've had in Charlotte has kind of sucked but Thanh Huong's is pretty good.
4	The banh mi is pretty good. They do serve pho which is surprising for a sandwich shop. A tad bit over price but their ox tail pho is delicious. If you're looking for good food and don't mind the typical asian environment then check them out. The lady behind the counter seems mean at first but she's actually pretty nice once you become a regular.
