5	Currently doing my Divemaster through them, and have done every class up to this point with them. I went on a live aboard trip to Catalina with them, and it was a blast. Classes are frequent and well taught. I highly suggest them for any of your diving needs. In the same building is Aqua Tots that does swim lessons for kids, and Workplace Safety for, well classes on workplace safety.
5	Like many other people my age, the movie Jaws completely traumatized me. I have a deep fear of the ocean and would never have considered diving... ...until I was given the opportunity to go on a dream vacation sailing around the Caribbean. Damn you dream vacation, you're making me face my fears! I had a whopping two weeks to get my open water certification or else I'd spend some quality time sitting alone on a boat. After some frustrating research I found the Scuba Shop. The shop offers either a three week course or an accelerated four day program. Perfect! The cost of the course is reasonable, although there are some kind of hidden costs. The quoted price gets you the class and pool time, it doesn't get you the four open water dives necessary to actually get certified. I didn't really care, but it would have been nice to know ahead of time. The Instructor, Casey W, was amazing. He was able to clearly explain all the details we needed to not die, and he did it in a practical way. I can't say enough about how great a job he did. Thanks to The Scuba Shop I was able to get certified in about a week, taking into account the open water dives. Not only am I certified, but I genuinely enjoy diving! Who would have thought? I am now ready for an amazing trip, some great diving and not getting eaten by a vengeful Great White.
4	Nice place.  Nice staff.  We found a new scuba shop!  Ive been diving for years but my buddy is new.  This place will do nicely for both of us.
1	Beware - they lie! I've never used scuba equipment before, and they are supposed to be the experts. They are only experts at taking your money. You can not return any items. Too many people in the class. We had 2 people quit because they couldn't get assistance.
5	The staff here is phenomenal!Scott, Gina (both who I've trained under) and Steve (this guy is hilarious) among others are truly knowledgeable and go above and beyond to make sure you understand the skills needed to be a safe diver. Having been on a multiple trips with them and taken quite a few class, the atmosphere is fun and professional. Brought a few people to them for instruction and will continue to do so. Cannot recommend The Scuba Shop enough for all your scuba needs.  Customer (and diver) for life!
5	About a year ago, I approached the dive shop that I had frequented for many years about wrapping up my PADI Master Scuba Diver certification.  I learned at that time that they had decided to give up their PADI affiliation, which I was sad to hear as I've been a PADI diver since I was 17.  So, the hunt started to find a new shop to complete my training.  I'm an engineer, so I tend to research things quite a bit.  Found many shops around the valley, and several that were more conveniently located for me, but decided on The Scuba Shop, because of their PADI 5-Star IDC level and their on-site indoor heated pool.  A year later... I'm very, very glad with my decision.  The facilities are great, as are the instructors.
5	This is one of the best dive shops that I have been to.  The staff are very knowledgeable and extremely friendly. Steve is very easy to talk to and he will bend over backwards to help you out as will any of the other staff.   Scott is an excellent instructor!!  It had been a few years since i had been in the water and Scott was very understanding and out going to help me get comfortable in the water again.  Just walk in the shop and you will feel the friendly atmosphere.  I would definitely recommend this shop to anyone who wants to learn how to scuba dive.
4	This is a Scuba Shop that looks out for you all through your diving progression. Whether your are thinking about trying it out for the first time, or wanting to finish your Instructor rating, these guys are there to help. The staff is awesome, knowledgeable, and very helpful. Give a call and ask for Fernando. Become part of the Scuba Shop family!
5	I love this place! The staff is amazing! Instructors are great. They are very flexible and willing to work with customers regardless of what is happening. I've brought my whole family here and have never encountered anyone who was less than excellent.
