1	They never answered their phone.Maybe they're out of business?
1	Why does anyone go there?  Horrible customer service
5	I don't know how this place could possibly have less than 5 stars. I've been here several times for different reasons. The first time I had several antique pearl strands that I wanted restrung. That was 4 years ago and they still are hanging on beautifully. I just went in to get a ring appraisal a week ago and the man at the front was extremely helpful. I feel like I could have talked with him for hours. I left the store feeling informed and educated on my ring. I was referred here from the Nordstrom jeweler in Scottsdale. She told me that they send things here to get fixed. Obviously if they trust them then why shouldn't you. Plus they've been in business for so long. Don't be put off by the location! Great store. Great prices. GREAT staff.
1	I'm sorry; this place is just weird. I stopped in one day (the open sign was showing), opened the door, and found myself caged into a small area, fenced off with security bars. There was a little knobby thing that could be turned to release the "door" into the store, but it was locked. There was a sign on the bars, "By Appointment Only." Well, then, why is your open sign showing? I waited about 3 minutes and was about to call the store using my cell phone, when a man's voice said "Be with you in a minute." Once inside the store, the man who came to free me from the cage (yes, I could have walked back outside, gotten into my car and left, so I was not truly trapped) seemed annoyed that I was there. I was coming to sell some jewelry, or at least to have an idea what it would be worth. He checked everything I had, gave me a total worth (I did not sell), and seemed irritated that I didn't sell my items to him (the total he offered me was nowhere near what I would have expected. This is not his fault; gold prices are what they are, but still, it is my jewelry, and if I don't want to give it to him for pennies on the dollar, why then, I won't). He asked "Well, how much did you expect to get?" and I had no good answer for him, but since gold is touted to increase in value over time, I did expect at least what I'd paid. He said that as soon as a piece of jewelry is purchased, the value drops immediately (which seems odd, as there is no odometer on my ring). Again, prices are what they are, but he didn't need to try and argue that I shouldn't be disappointed at the price. It was, frankly, pretty disappointing.The store itself seems to have a very large variety of some very nice-looking jewelry. It's clean, and by golly, what with all the bars, one certainly feels safe. However, the place felt "off" the moment I was finally allowed to walk in. I personally would not go back, but that doesn't mean others shouldn't.
