5	Culture Fresh is a unique and exciting clothing store that makes a great contribution to the Downtown Phoenix art and fashion culture.  That being said, I don't expect trendy socialite type girls to be buying anything from this store.  This is definitely a Hip-Hop centric store.  The space that this boutique occupies in the otherwise awful Arizona Center is cool, clean, and filled with awesome local art.  Lalo Cota is most certainly favored in here.  Most of the clothing in here is limited to T-Shirts and hoodies for men while the women have a bit more to choose from.  Along the front of the store are locally designed dresses, skirts, and blouses.  A lot of stuff in here is styled like graffiti, which is definitely very cool.  They even carry a small selection of one of a kind graffitied shoes that are done during their Shoe Shows.  You will also find lots of Phoenix-centric shirts, a personal favorite of mine.If this is your style, you can't pass this place by.  With low prices and quality merchandise, Culture Fresh is a shining example of what the Arizona Center should be filled with as opposed to empty spaces and personality-free gift shops.
5	This is one of the best boutiques in town.  Unlike most boutiques that just sell Ed Hardy crap, this one sells clothes and art designed by local artists.  The place is definitely hip-hop so make sure that suits your style.  The men's side is mostly t-shirts, hoodies, and jackets while the women's side has some dresses and other chick stuff.  They have tons of accessories like earrings, necklaces, bracelets, purses, and watches.  They also have a ton of shoes that are all customized by local artists.Some of the artwork inside Culture Fresh is simply amazing.  There is this orange phoenix painting that I am in love with but can't bring myself to purchase.  Many of the pieces are also hip-hop inspired creations using musicians as the subject.  Cool stuff.Everything is reasonably priced and the quality is pretty good too.  The stuff we've bought has held up well over the months.  It's a great place, check it out.  It is in the AZ Center, right next to the sports store, across from Hurry 4 Curry.
5	Great variety of items, good people on staff. Prices seem to be very reasonable compared to similar type clothing and accessories.
1	Well, as an artist that was showing art there, they stole 3 of my paintings and refuse to get back to me no matter how i try to contact them.  i would say be very wary of doing ANY business with them.
