4	I will be bringing my car back if I have issues. I noticed that my car's engine temperature was higher than normal. I brought it in and they did an inspection on the coolant system and he just told me that as long as I run my AC during the summer, my car won't overheat. It would be cheaper to do that than replace the switches and fixes that run the radiator fan. They would have gotten 5 stars if my car did get fixed, but for now I guess this will do. The best part about it was that they didn't charge me. Most places would charge you to look, but I walked out of there with all my pennies in tow.
4	This is where I go when I have minor problems with the wife's car or my car. It probably has something to do with the fact that my dad always goes to Sears with his cars, but in the 10 or so years I've been doing it, I've not yet had a problem. This is the closest Auto Center to my house, so this is where I go. The sales associates are always helpful, never grumpy (even when the line is unending like today), and they are typically on time and they do not try to up sell. Additionally, they prices are fair and they are upfront with them. They constantly run sales and specials, and you usually can get a deal when paying with your Sears card. Having come here a bunch of times, I would suggest coming  either on a weekday morning (not first thing as they can be really busy, but maybe an hour after opening) or first thing on a Weekend morning. They tend to get swamped and you may have to wait forever. The only downside to this Sears Auto Center is they don't have a waiting room. There are chairs in the auto center, but its not a typical waiting room. I don't like to shop when I am getting my car fixed, and sitting amidst the action is also not fun.
3	I came here to get an oil change. The staff were friendly, in that auto-friendly sort of way. When writing up the order for my oil change I was not completely apprised of what they would be doing. Instead of the regular synthetic oil they automatically went with the more expensive "supreme" synthetic oil. Also, while servicing my car they made a mistake with the kind of oil filter to put in it. The order taker had put the wrong kind of vehicle on the work order. I was aware of this only because I was listening to them talk while standing there and watching them work on my car. No one told me anything had happened. Had to wait an additional half hour while they corrected the situation.All in all it was okay service at an okay price. Just about what I'd expect from a Sears Auto Center.
1	I will never set foot back in this store!! i have never received such horrible customer service in my life. I took in my husband battery for them to test it. I had a few questions because I don't know shit about car batteries. Well this woman had sarcastic comments, rolled her eyes at me, and started talking about me to another employee who in turn rolled her eyes. I'm sorry I didn't know what "platinum, gold, or silver" ment.  It's your job to help people and answer questions. I very calmly called this woman out about her behavior and her response was; " I always act like this." I should point out this woman was easily 40 years old not a teenager!! Sears might want to consider the disposition of the people they hire.  So, thank you lady, because of you I will never go to Sears again and will tell everyone about what a huge bitch you are!!
1	I was here to get the break service done and they told me the only have 1 tech so it's going to take all day and I have to leave the car there!! Only 1 tech in this big place! Great I'm not coming here again!!! Stay away!
4	On my Grand Am, I had a problem with the maintenance soon light constantly on.  I went to the Sears auto shop on Grand Canyon Drive.  They did their electronic check and found nothing.  However they did say that in most cases, it's a bad gas cap.  So, I go down to the local Auto Zone buy/install a new gas cap. Good news, problem fixed.  Bad news, none.  Sears charged me $0. I went early so there was minimal wait time.
4	After having AAA boost my car, I drove straight to Sears to get a new battery for my Outback. The car batteries don't last long here in the Vegas heat.  Every car that I have ever owned, have had their batteries replaced by Sears.  I have never had a problem with their service.  Their staff are knowledgeable and explained the difference between the cheaper and more expensive batteries.  I ended up getting the Diehard Gold battery for about $130 with a 3 year replacement warranty.  I didn't have to wait long to get my car repaired, which is a plus.
5	I got my diehard battery stolen few months ago. (Sad but true!) Unfortunately, sears was not open at 2am when this happened and I needed to move my car from its location. So I had to go to another place of business. The next day I called sears and Tom took care of me, given he wasn't able to replace my nonexistent diehard battery. He listened to my story answered my questions and even offered me a discount for my inconvenience.  I didn't call to complain, but I didn't expect such great service either. Lol. I am thankful for Tom and thes staff there for their kindness and service
2	Slow as molasses here! This used to be a pretty efficient, friendly service auto center. But, of course, things can change in a couple years. Too bad for Sears that they have changed for the worse.Do NOT, I repeat, DO NOT be fooled by the service tech named Harold. He may be oozing with the utmost polite behavior and grandeur in manners and professionalism. He is always quick to greet customers as they walk in, and always quick to apologize for the wait. But wow! What a front for the lack of efficiency run here!!!! Pulling teeth, slow and old-fashioned-like! Killing me waiting here!Seriously, don't be fooled. They suck here!
3	Being one of the few places nearby that I can take my company car to get service, I've had good service and not so good service here. They have the usual service options for an oil change, tune-up, full service of the vehicle, or just to check your tire pressure.It usually takes about 30-45 minutes to get a full oil change/fluid change and last time I went I had to get my air filter changed as well. If you go when it is busy, they say the wait can be upwards of 2 hours so I usually try and come back when it's not as busy. They are pretty nice about checking your tire pressure and filling it up for free (as they say you should check on a monthly basis).
3	The Yelp 100 Challenge 2013 - 1/100I'm leaning more towards 3 1/2 stars ...My mini was acting a fool and I need to search for a place to do an alignment... stat. Sears is a trusted name in Auto and after taking a peek at the Yelp reviews I decided to give this place a whirl. The sales associates were very helpful,they completed the job within my quoted  time frame,they didn't try to up sell me, and I paid exactly what they quoted me. Zoom..Zoom..Zooming away, I was pleased that my mini was steering properly. The only semi-downside is their lack of a proper waiting area. However, I kept myself entertained by walking to the nearby Target.
5	I've taken my car here for several repairs now. While the repairs have been done well and have not caused any issues, more than anything, this review is for the customer service. I've come in here frustrated and tired and in need of a quick repair. The people who have helped me have been friendly, helpful, and made a bad situation a lot easier to deal with. They've been far more helpful than the VW dealer, and have been really great about helping cut costs without cutting corners. I will be here for all the repairs that I need that they can do.
1	Wow. One of the hottest days of the year and lots of people with battery issues. So slow and the clerk who was here until 5 kept telling everyone his shift was over and he was leaving and someone else would help them. The guy who did help hung up on one person who he claimed he couldn't understand, yet he understood them asking for a manager and then he asks "is this a survey" I've been waiting an hour and nothing yet. Just wow.If they appeared to care or hustle at all, I'd be inclined to be appreciative- it is a tough day. But the one guy manning the computers just makes excuses that they only have two mechanics  At least one person got in and out ahead of me. This sucks.
1	Do not do allignment here! About 8 weeks ago, I took my my 2008 Lexus for allignment to the Grand Canyon store of Sears. Customer service, smiles were all positive. I got my car. The degree of the "pulling to right" did not change one bit. First I blamed myself and thought maybe the roads are leaning towards right so the rain water finds its way. 2 days later, I went back there. A different employee this time, still full of smiles, explained to me that from the results he can tell that this is the best that can be done. I said "you gave 6 months warranty, don't you want to re-check to see if your mechanic was maybe wrong?" Answer, "No". The results says it all. Frustrated, I went to "Collusion Authority", a descent repairshop that I know since they fixed my older car. He took my car, came back in less than an hour with before and after results and it is now as straight as can be. I myself work at a place with about 9000 employees. I'm sorry Sears, but you will never see me in any of your stores again.
5	I recently needed my brakes replaced ... My head was spinning from all the negative reviews on some of the major brake repair shops ... My Dad said to go to Sears. I didn't realize they had an auto center . I headed over . Aaron who worked in the auto center greeted me right away when I walked in. I told him whats going on and he gave me a pre estimate and took my car right back no wait. He came back and didn't scare me or give a big long list of things wrong , he simply said its your brakes and pads. It cost me around $280 for everything less than his original estimate :)  Based on what I researched it was not the cheapest nor the most expensive. I loved that the center was clean , fast , and friendly. I was sold ! I am going to start taking my car their for my oil changes . Cheaper than Walmart.
1	HORRIBLE! No Wonder Sears as a company is failing. My husband needed new tires on his 08 Acura TL and we decided to go here since it was close and heard in the past it was good to go with Sears for tires. Well, this experience was a poor, poor one. Hubby had picked out the exact tires that he wanted on-line and we went in the store to purchase/order them. We went in on a Sunday around noon-ish and there was no one around when we walked in. (no sales ppl or customers) So we waited. Probably about 10 min or so until a sales associate came out to help. This guy was rude and didn't really know what he was doing. He got an attitude with us because we were trying to ask a couple of questions about the tires. Hubby gave him the print out of the tires he had picked out on-line so it would be easy to look up and order.  We were there for about 30 min. ordering the tires. In the meantime, other customers came in and waited. No other sales associate can out to help. So I felt sorry for everyone that had to wait around for us to finish up. Next, when we finally got them ordered, the total came out to be around $400 MORE than what was totaled online. Beware that the total online is a few hundred bucks short of what they actually cost. After all of that, hubby scheduled an appointment the next day to get his tires installed which was fast. (this is the only positive part of this process). Hubby went in the next morning around 8 am and didn't leave until 3 PM!!!!! He was there for 7 HOURS. This was also due to them installing the WRONG TIRES!!! My hubby is very patient and I can not believe how well he handled it. I will never ever go here again! I hope this is a warning to anyone looking to get new tires here. P.S. 1 month later, my car needed new tires and I went to Discount Tire on W. Flamingo and I was in and out in under 1 hour and they cost the EXACT same amount that was quoted online!
1	Took car in for oil change at 11am. I had to call at 5:12pm to check on car. Yes, I had to make my own courtesy call to find out NOTHING was done on the car. I was told when I called that it had an oil leak so they pulled car out and did nothing else to it!  Sears, this was a chance for you to earn my business. Now, I will remind people why you could soon go out of business.UPDATE:  THE CAR NEVER HAD AN OIL LEAK. SEARS. WRONG AGAIN
