4	When I think of Russia, I think of alcoholic men bareknuckle fighting a grizzly bear, women with facial hair, people queuing up for 12 hours to buy toilet roll, and Uncle Jo Stalin, my favourite genocidal dictator. I don't think of quirky little gift shops selling dolls and ornaments such as this one, but it's hard not to have a soft spot for such a genteel and unusual little emporium.Far more a shop for girls than a testosterone-fuelled hunk such as myself, it's main draw is the Russian dolls, those ones that fit inside each other. All of the dolls look very well made and traditional, and you can tell a lot of love and effort has went into them. If you know anyone with a love for our vodka swigging chums, or are looking for a gift that gives the illusion you've put a modicum of thought into it, then you could do worse than pop in here for a butcher's.
4	I was sort of taken by surprise by this shop- I mean you don't usually expect in Scotland a shop crammed full with Russian dolls and unique memorabilia from the Siberian continent. Ideal for a unique gift this place is a small but seems to be crammed with Russian stuff well worth a visit even if it's just to browse the delicate dolls.
4	This is a very cute shop stocking plenty of Russian dolls, charms, key rings and other Russian themed gifts. The shop is very well organised and everything inside is very sparkly and a little bit different to usual gift shops.My mum really likes Russian Dolls and there were a few in here that really caught my eye. The dolls on offer vary in size and you can get dolls as small as keyrings right up to large focal point pieces. I got a really cute plastic Russian doll last year called Barbara, she's super cute and although designed for babies puts a huge smile on my face whenever I see her wobbling about. I was a little disappointed that these cute dolls weren't on offer here but I guess they focus on the more traditional Russian gifts.In addition to Russian dolls there's also jewellery and Faberge style eggs on offer too.
3	If Moscow had a gift shop (that the government would let you anywhere near) this is what it would look like.  But thats the problem, were not in Russia.Nothing in this shop you would proudly display on your mantelpiece, but if your really stuck for the person who has everything, get them a china Bear!
5	Like Stephanie, I had happened upon this shop when it was closed, much to my dismay. I was pleased to finally get a wee browse today!A petite shop just off the Royal Mile, the Russian Shop is a very unusual, beguiling store, and a welcome change to all the Scottish tourist traps that are stationed around this area. Selling pretty Russian dolls, Christmas decorations, tiny ballet dancer ornaments, magnets, keyrings and some unusual Russian souvenirs, everything in the Russian Shop is handcrafted, delicate and gorgeous.I'm probably the only person in the world who would go in to a shop selling Russian dolls and emerge with a cute wee cat magnet. But I'm a bit too cat daft to feel comfortable with anymore (keeping my inner cat lady under wraps, thanks).The shop assistant was exceptionally friendly and we had a gab for ages. He even gave me a discount because he grew up near where I stay in Glasgow (small world!) Bizarrely this is the second time I've been to a shop in Edinburgh where my Maryhill roots have been detected - the last time I talked to a guy about home he told me he grew up in the house next door to mine!It's uplifting when store assistants want to engage in real conversations. I had a very interesting one in here, and will definitely be back to do my Christmas shopping. A wee treat!
