5	If you are looking for the best "professional" bike shop in AZ, you've found it.  If you want a starter bike or clunker, this is not it.  But this shop is the only place is Phoenix that sells the very best high end bikes, components and accessories.  The atmosphere is more like a club than a business.  They even have sofas and wifi, they want their customers to feel welcome, and it's not about "the sale".  The best part is that you can buy a top-end bike, with the very best components, sized and tuned perfectly for the same price or even less than any of the "dealers" (specialized, trek, etc).  The staff is friendly, recognizes me every time I visit, and they stop and help me immediately.  The service area is not in the back, it's in the store.  Need a repair? While you wait and visit with other riders.  It's an awesome atmosphere.One drawback, they're not open weekends (they're out riding).  And call for directions before you go - they have a new location in the Pima/Princess area, they're not located on Monte Christo any longer.
5	I have been going to these guys for years and it has stepped up to an even higher level. Great service, great prices and high end bikes like you've likely not seen before.
5	Great service! I'm like a kid in a candy store here!
5	The most beautiful bike shop you could dream of.  purchased my first Airpark Bike bike several years ago and  recently received a custom Leopard print bike that I love.  Best products and best service around!
5	I've been here twice now. The first time they assembled a custom bike for me.The second time just this week. Let me start by saying I'm very much a newb at bikes. Most stores you go to they realize this and treat you like a newb and honestly with a bit of disdain.I went there to "upgrade" my girlfriends bike, i had gone to 2 previous stores and about all they could suggest was a "cup holder so she didn't break aero". you could tell the other places really didn't want my business.Here they were very nice, i told them the range i was looking at gave me a few options that would be the best bang for the buck and she would notice the most . Also gave me a few other visual things i could change that she would probably like. SO we agreed on a few things, and best part was he finished it that night.Update:She ended up loving the bike, used it for the Ironman last weekend and it did help tremendously.
