5	Overall - Quality Selection, Quality Staff, Unexpected Pricing, Great Installation. Can't be beat.1.  Quality - The stuff you get at Lowes and Home Depot will not compare to the selection at Lamp's Plus. It is like night and day. I suggest that if you want something different, cool and seems to be unique, come this store.2.  Staff- They are excellent. I worked with many of them and they know their stuff. They give excellent recommendations, have knowledge of their product and can really fine tune your thoughts and ideas and match it to a product. I have never been unhappy coming here to get ideas only and then walking out with a product.  I suggest you try to find someone at the big hardware stores to help you....3.  Pricing - Okay, you get what you pay for. The pricing here is not cheap. However, just as an example.  I have paid always 250 to 350.00 for a fan.  I have had my fans for over 15-20 years depending on the fan as I have 8 of their fans and they all 100% still work fine, and don't make noise and etc. Expensive at first, but over the years, it was and is a great investment.4.  Install - For the first time, I had a fan installed because it was going to an area with no electricity in the ceiling and no hanging box that was reinforced to hold the weight of the fan. I can install these all day when the electrics and the box are there. It took their team 1.5  hours, they cut and cut and drilled. They installed the hanging box so securely that I was totally happy. They repaired the drywall holes and cuts for an extra 60.00 that I paid them, and they were very professional and fast and efficient. They even balanced the fan for perfect movement. Other than paying cash for the drywall repair, I was happy.  They did not paint the drywall, but that was my responsibility.5.  Next -  I am thinking what we will buy next month from them. Perhaps a foyer chandelier? I have the original one and it no longer matches our decor.  No matter. I am coming to Lamp's Plus, not the generic large format hardware store.....Check this place out. You will like it.
4	I came in here browsing for table lamps because the stuff I was seeing at Target, Lowe's, etc. just wasn't what I was looking for.  Walking through the door I thought that this place is a total lighting wonderland!  It's a nice store with a great layout and a very open feel.  It's very easy to browse in peace here, which is one of my favorite things to do.  I knew I'd find something I loved in here!  And I sure did.  What a selection...Then I noticed the prices.  Now, I totally agree you get what you pay for so those lamps in Target won't even compare, but the prices just weren't where I was willing to be for my one-year rental before I buy my home here.  I can't wait to come back to browse fixtures, table lamps, etc. when it's time to light up my own home.  For now, I'll just stick with this 3 piece set from Lowe's lol.
2	Pretty nice selection of lights (geesh I would hope so) & the customer service is MEH!  My beef - I received a gift card, tried to order online & you can't use it online. SO I went in the store, ordered it and they don't even deliver to my house, I've got to go back in to pick it up.  I'm not lazy by all means, but really?  Gift cards happen all the time in our DAY IN AGE, get it together Lamps P, good grief!  Moral of the story kids, don't buy anyone gift cards from L.+ (I'm completely grateful for the gift & thought but completely inconvenienced by the store's lack of modernization).
4	I am writing an update & up-ing my rating for two reasons:1. Shortly after I placed my order in the store & wrote my review here on yelp, I received a phone call from the General Manager of the store, Mike (which was startling at first since on yelp we would never display our phone numbers, but he got it through my order)....  Mike made the situation right with me and offered to Fedex, at no charge to me, my purchase directly to my home.  He was incredibly kind and concerned about my irriatation. That kind of customer service is to be commended and praised!!!  Yes, the corporate part of the company should modify it's online & gift card policies.  It is in my experience that when interacting with clients and customers, you need to make a transaction as easy, as quick and as pleasant as possible!!  The situation I had was out of the store's control, but yet Mike still went beyond the norm to correct my less than happy experience.2.  The product I ordered exceeded my expectations (I haven't set it up just yet), it is gorgeous and the online picture did not do it justice!  I'll post a pic after it's up and running.I've given Lamps + my business before and at this point I will continue to do so.Thank you Mike, for being a good manager!
4	We were updating our bathroom and wanted to shop around for some new lighting fixtures.   Talk about shedding some light on the situation...  what a huge selection!We were able to browse around the store until we found their displays of bathroom lighting.  Jim was over within minutes to help us out and answer any questions.  He was great with info and was very professional.   Just by signing up for their free membership, it saved us 10% of the entire order.   Yes I will say their prices are a bit higher than the other home improvement stores but their variety and selections make up for it. They have a good warranty on their fixtures and I was glad we stopped here.
5	I went to Lamps Plus to seek help on ceiling fans attached to my vaulted ceiling. We bought this house and the fans were not operating. I met with Rick, who spent time researching the product and parts. He came to the house and did a thorough examination, then suggested I buy replacement remotes and receivers. With his help, we attempted to sync them,but needed to get the electricians from Lamps Plus in. The techs were true pros and speaking to George, I was given some maintenance tips. The visit was pricy, but very well worth the work and service. Also, the showroom is filled with a huge variety of lighting and the prices are very competitive, if not better than the local furniture stores. I highly recommend visiting this store before venturing to a furniture store for lighting needs.
