5	As Jenny L. has already said, we had a quite spectacularly enjoyable visit to Field, a couple of weeks ago. Truly, it's a wonderful new addition to our varied and delectable Edinburgh dining scene. It offers excellent, well thought out and executed dishes, for a very reasonable price. Go soon and go often, to enjoy their seasonally changing menu.Overall, we said: "I found Field to be an extremely high-quality establishment. The really pleasing thing is that while our visit, today, was filled with excellence, from start to finish, this felt like a comfortable level of class from which stellar brilliance can develop. I'm confident that Field can grow to become one of Edinburgh's premier dining spots. Certainly, I'll be back for another visit soon, as I was highly impressed by their soup, their service, and the general ambience of jocular suavity that permeated the place."
5	It's small but simple.But by jee ... the menu was full of dishes that i wanted - this is good.  The food was damn tasty!  The service was a dream - friendly, polite and knowledgable.  The prices were good, in fact really good for this part of town and what we were getting.  The wine was delicious.I'm keeping this review short and sweet as I'll be doing a longer one on my blog!Please go here - you will not regret it!
5	Stunning, stunning, stunning!I love Field, was there twice in the same month and have already booked again for an upcoming special occasion. It is THAT good. Small, cute, seats about 22 covers and is the perfect venue for all occasions - friends dining, family gatherings, romantic nights or just a girly catch up night, it is perfect for all! Focus is on local sourcing and showcasing the best of ingredients. Sample menu's on-line but subject to change as it is all about what is seasonal and available at the time.Went firstly for my birthday. Blythe R had been raving about it for ages and particularly had pointed out how amazing they were for gluten free so with that recommendation, it was on the to-do list. We were a party of seven and everyone kept saying how much they loved their dinner - like Carol W, I had the maple glazed duck, wild mushroom samosa (yep, gf!), grilled pak choi, sweet potato fondant and chartreuse sauce and it was all divine! I had also started with the Salmon so when it came to dessert, I passed to instead have tea. Well, I thought I wouldn't have dessert. Two of the girls ordered dessert and as we all tried and started making Meg Ryan sex noises (think sandwich shop in When Harry Met Sally) as it was THAT good, I ordered dessert and shared it round all the non dessert eaters. So - the dessert in question? A jaffa cake macaroon - completely gluten free - macaroon base, chocolate sorbet, orangey centre, cream and little chocolate dome to hide the orangey goodness then it is amazing, hence the 2nd visit.Second visit was really for dessert but we figured we needed a main first and a gorgeous bottle of Yealand Sauv Blanc - as you do. Again, stunning food and that dessert - OMG! Consistently amazing food, great wine list and fantastic service, I just feel that no matter how I write about Field, I'm not doing it justice - bravo!
5	Probably one of my absolute favourite restaurants in Edinburgh.It's small, it's cozy, the service is impeccable and the food is simple but amazing. The price point is entirely spot on as well. Actually the price point is a steal for what you are getting. I've paid a lot more for a lot less at 'flasher' restaurants around town.Their wine list is fabulous as well.I've not had a bad meal here and I've had quite a few, do yourself a favour and eat here. Just make sure you book. With a capacity for about 20, it fills up quickly!!
5	Ah! Here I go again giving reviews to places I've never been! But...have faith dear reader - don't stop reading just yet! If Field's in-house service is anything near as good as it's online customer service I'm pretty confident they could serve me poop on a plate and I would forgive it! I wanted to get friends a gift card here as a thank you and chose Field because of its impeccable Yelp reveiws! The menu looks AMAZING and it's killing me that I didn't eat here when I was over for New Years but... fast forward to February and upon emailing Field with my request for a gift card to be mailed by Field to my friend's address in Edinburgh, with a Thank You note, I half expected them to virtually spit in my face. Instead I was greeted with a lovely email back, informing me that they were happy to do this AND I didn't need to send extra postage for them to send this - as they were just happy that I chose them out of all the restaurants in Edinburgh. As a former Edinburgh resident, I'm aching to try this place but all you lovely people in the Burgh' give it a try and let me know how it is! :) 5 stars for service from me! Cheers, Megan
5	I've been meaning to review for ages and have not hesitation adding to the five stars. I've now been to Field maybe 5/6 times. Richard and Rachel are doing a tremendous job.  The menu is regularly refreshed, they've a great wine list and top food with a twist. Keep it up guys and thank you.
5	My oh my did we have a delicious meal here last night. This was our second visit to Field, but our first time to enjoy their A la carte menu, as we opted for the pre-theatre deal last time. The restaurant itself is small and cosy, with stylish grey decor, a large cow canvas on one wall, and various farm animals dotted around. The staff are incredibly friendly and welcoming and the service was great. To start we shared the Chicken, Pancetta, Feta & Roast Red Pepper Ballotine with Wild Mushroom Samosa- it was deeeelish! Well, that was after they had brought us delicious (freshly baked) roasted red pepper rolls. They were amazing, warm bready, buttery goodness! Next up I had the Slow Cooked Pork Belly, Citrus Fennel, Baked Avocado with Sweetcorn & Chorizo Gratin, Ponzu Sauce which was lovely. The meat was the softest meltiest pork belly I have ever eaten and the baked avocado was amazing! The boy went for the Smoked Duck Breast with Celeriac Remoulade, Celeriac Chips & Spiced Apple which he really enjoyed and both dishes were beautifully presented. To finish we shared the Pink praline tart which was also very pretty and came with a lovely almond ice cream. If you fancy a delicious meal out for slightly less, their pre-theatre menu is excellent good value with 2 courses for around 12 pounds or 3 for 15.Overall a very delicious meal, a great atmosphere and a very lovely evening out.
5	If you want a top notch dining experience, you just have to go to Field. I went there with a big group last night and we were all blown away by the quality of the food, the wine and the service!The menu is short and simple, which is a good sign as you immediately know everything on there's going to be well done. There's no filler dishes - they're all there for a reason - and from what I tasted and saw around the table, the standard of dish was consistently high!I opted for the chicken starter and the pork belly main and loved them both. The chicken starter was brought out on a beautiful wooden platter and arranged wonderfully, with bursts of colour and delicate placement. The flavours were great in this dish and it had enough different aspects - the chicken, the samosa, the feta stuffed peppers - to make it an exciting start to the meal. When my main arrived I was equally as impressed. The baked avocado was insane. I mean it was, quite literally, mind-boggingly delicious. Baked to perfection and topped with cheese, chorizo and sweetcorn it was just one of the tastiest combos I have ever had. It sat alongside the pork belly really well and is something I will absolutely be making (attempting) at home. The pork itself was beautifully cooked but lacked a slight crispiness that I would have enjoyed. The fat was a little thick and soft for my taste, but otherwise the meat was flavoured wonderfully.To top it all off, we shared desserts for the table and, though I can't recall what each of them was, they were all super tasty and very beautiful! Field is just hitting the nail on the head here. With some of the most attentive staff I've ever come across and the perfect vibe of a cosy by still atmospheric venue, Field ticks all the boxes for me. If only it were in Brighton... I'll have to make sure I get back up to Edinburgh again soon to taste some more of it's delights.
4	Now this is what I'm talking about! Talk about a neighbourhood restaurant with it being so relaxed that there's a real feeling of sitting in someone's living room, but one that serves top notch grub at the same time. Big shout out to Jenny L who kept upping the ante all week with quality meals coming at every single corner and for our final night came up with this quality experience! I'd have to say that I'm going to recommend this place to anyone who will listen to me about where to go for a really special dining experience without breaking the bank. I went for the Beetroot cured salmon to start with which was served with a wonderful avocado mayo and crispy crab ball followed by the pork belly which basically just fell apart it was that tender! Loads of people went for the specials board steak which was amazing too (I always try to make 'please share with me eyes' across the table) but I felt comfortable in my decision to go for the pork - so, so good! So ambience was easily a 5, the food was a 5 too so why the 4 star Yelp review? Again it was the beer selection that let the place down - 2 bottles on offer -  one was a local lager that was ok and Peroni - WTF? In fact the waiter sold me the local lager as basically a "don't worry it's not too hoppy" which is like saying to me don't worry about the food it's not that tasty. If they can ditch the Peroni and bring in a couple of proper beers that would massively compliment the food then I may even start lobbying Yelp to introduce a 6 star for reviews...
4	Field is a small business with a huge personality. From it's cute and rustic exterior to it's nice design touches (a giant canvas of a cow and cute pottery pigs), our meal at Field was a wonderful experience from start to finish.From outside, it doesn't jump out at you as a fine dining bistro, but the fantastic customer service and amazing food really does speak for itself. Now, I have never been here before so can't give too much insider information; but I would say book in advance. The restaurant only has seating for around 20 diners and was packed out on our visit on a Wednesday night. As well as the standard menu, the venue offers a very reasonably priced "pre-theatre" menu which I would definitely go for if I get back to Edinburgh. We went for the standard menu and I was impressed with every bite.Starting with the rabbit spring roll starter, this looked every bit as good as it tasted. It was a generous portion as well - so no tiny posh nosh here! For my main, I went for the fish option. Again, everything was cooked to perfection and the fish was flaky, tender and served with wonderful crispy skin. The veg gets another shout out as it was so fresh, it tasted as though it had just come from the field. For dessert, the team had ordered a selection of different items. I was stuffed after my starter and main but did try a little of the various sorbets. Light, sharp and wonderfully fruity - definitely recommended to finish off your fine meal. There is a great wine offering here too and the girls on the table very much enjoyed our bottle of Viognier (which suited my fish perfectly). Again, I'm not a regular in Edinburgh; but should I be back.... I am booking a table at Field for sure!
4	A great, tiny place, with no more than 10 tables, so I'd recommend making reservations.  Although, if you can wait, simply jaunt across the street to the Peartree for a pint, and they'll give you a jingle when a table is up.It's philosophy is farm to table, with local Scottish ingredients, with the result of good food.  The menu isn't vast, unsurprisingly, but each item seemed appealing.  It's a very romantic spot, and a nice change from a Haggis burger!
