1	On Friday, some co-workers wanted pizza for lunch, but we knew we needed to go somewhere quick. We ventured to Carmine's Little Italy...I wish we hadn't. While service was quick and we had our food within minutes of ordering, the pizza was bad. I'm not sure if they are trying to go for NY pizza, but if they are, they have missed the mark. My slice of cheese was barely hot and the cheese was starting to congeal. I prefer my pizza slices to be a little bit greasy and this slice lacked grease entirely. Thankfully, I had also ordered a caesar side salad, which was a nice size and very tasty. For a fountain soda, slice pizza, and side salad, the total was $7.25. There is plenty of seating inside and out, and for as unappealing as the pizza was, there was quite a line when we left. This is definitely a disappointing lunch destination in downtown Phoenix.
3	Just had the cold ham and cheese sub special (with sandwich, Poore Brothers chips, and a fountain drink for $7.53 tax included) and it was quite good. They appeared to be using good quality meat, cheese, and produce. The bread was not a traditional sub roll, but chiabatta style.Quick, friendly service and decent food. Haven't tried their pizza to compare it with the previous reviews, but I'll be back to do just that.
3	Had to work in the city today so I needed a quick lunch before going to my next meeting. I've been to most of the restaurants at the Collier Center, but haven't been to this one in a long time. Today's special was Spaghetti and Meat Balls with bread stick and drink for $7. Not bad, the spaghetti was cooked "al dente" and was accompanied by three meat balls topped with meat sauce ( I think) it which was watered down. I don't like my spaghetti swimming in sauce but this was almost dry (watered sauce was at the bottom of the dish, It was HOT and the meatballs, flavorful. The bread stick was OK. So, If you want something quick and filling, this wasn't bad.
4	I have to sat when they 1st opened a couple of years ago, I wasn't totally impressed by Carmines but after trying different items and time has passed, they've surpassed themselves. We generally grab a pie before a sins game. I love white pizza-they've got it. Calzone, wings, pasta, etc...  I tried my 1st sandwich there (roast beef with cheese hot) and the bread was so fresh and the meat/cheese was delicious- I made my hubby take a bite!  I'm glad I was in the mood to try a new item there. With plenty of shared seating outside with Maria's and a good amount inside, Carmine's is a great place to grab a quick slice pre-game or a whole pie (yes, they'll make a whole pie for you during the busy times).
