5	I rarely write reviews on Yelp but I felt compelled to after visiting Rowena at Body Resonance Myofascial Wellness Center. I have been going through a rather taxing life situation and as a result I haven't been getting the rest or nutrition I need to stay well. As a result I have found myself getting sick rather easily. I visited Rowena and not only did she take the time to explain what she was doing but she explained how it was affecting different parts of my body. She gave me a bunch of exercises to do at home including giving me a tool to use to release different points of tension in my body. I left this session feeling a little bit lighter and more balanced.Rowena even texted me later on in the evening to make sure that I was drinking plenty of water and resting my body.  She went above and beyond what a typical person would do. She genuinely cares about her clients well being and will do anything to ensure their health. I can not recommend Rowena enough. Her compassion, knowledge, and love of MFR are crystal clear! Go see her asap!
5	I have been having some issues with a knee I injured a few years back so I was looking for some help and advice.  Rosemarie gave me great advice with different exercises and self treatments I could do while at home.  Not only did she give me exercises and advice she also explained what was causing my problem so I could get a better understanding of what was going on with my body.  I was never aware how much the body was connected to other parts but now I know!Rosemarie was very passionate about her craft and it helped ease my concerns.  I felt like I was getting the best advice from someone who truly cared.
5	I have had work done by both Rowena and Rosemarie and both have amazed me with their skill, knowledge and intuitive awareness in their expertise.  Having some basic knowledge of how stress can have an effect on the body, I was further educated during my treatment on just how profound stress can really be on my body holistically. I felt tension in my head, neck and shoulders but after having work done by Rowena and Rosemarie through a process called unwinding I was able to be free from my pain and furthermore I learned how to manage my pain on my own through self treatments in btw visits. I can't thank them enough for showing me how and helping me to understand the interconnected web of Myofascial tissue...the dysfunction of which was causing my flare-ups of pain. Also, for helping me find the source of pain from past trauma both physically and emotionally; not just treating the symptoms but helping me in finding the cause. This work is a healing process and truly amazing!
5	Rowena and Rosemarie are wonderful therapists! Not only have I been in class with them and seen them treat a variety of patients with diverse issues,  but I have felt their healing hands, myself. As a fellow, "Expert Level" John F. Barnes' Myofascial Release (JFB-MFR) therapist, I can say with ease that they have terrific skills, effective techniques and a great manner about them.You are lucky to have them local to you.
5	Myofascial release (MFR) is incredible!!! Okay, now that that's out of the way, onto the review:I am a professional massage therapist.  I had heard of MFR for years but had never experienced the treatment.  I booked the appointment with Rowena more out of curiosity than because I was having issues.  What I experienced could not have surprised me more.  I love massages.  A lot.  So I would never tell someone to give them up. But if you want to take bodywork and care for your self to the next level, try MFR.  If you want to try MFR, try this place.  Rowena is an incredible therapist and has an amazing touch.  I am very picky as to who I'll let work on me and could not recommend her more.  Even though this was a new arena for me, I felt calm, collected, and comfortable the entire session.  I felt incredibly soothed from the minute I stepped into the treatment room, and my relaxed state deepened even further when Rowena placed her hands on me.  The next 90 minutes was sort of a blur and seemed to last 5 minutes and an eternity all at the same time.  All I know is I haven't felt that good in years.  I also felt the work for several days afterwards and continue to have releases in my fascia almost a week later, which is how I truly rate bodywork.  Anyone can make you feel good during a regular massage, but TRUE bodywork is felt in the hours and days after the session.  This work passes that test, and then some.I cannot recommend MFR or Rowena enough.  If you've been dealing with aches and pains for a while and other methods seem to get close but never really do the trick, give this place a try.  I assure you you're in for a treat.
5	Rowena is an intuitive and gifted therapist. Passionate and genuine. Her concern for her clients is authentic and wants nothing but complete healing for them. She has worked on me,  my husband, and my two boys. All four of us have had our run ins with health issues. Rowena is quick to sense any of this and will make sure to send us home with pointers on how to stay healthy.Rosemarie is quite decorated already in her young career. While we have yet to be treated by her, we look forward to experiencing her expertise.We live out of state, but whenever we are in Las Vegas, we are sure to prioritize seeing these ladies. If you've never had MFR treatments, experience it at least once. When you do, have an open mind and be prepared to change the way you look at your well-being.
5	What a treatment. First time I went to Rowena I was skeptical, but after  I just said why did I wait so long. I suffer from anxiety which I was told to take medication,needless to say after numerous treatments I have came to the conclusion that MFR worked for me. Now it's been almost a year and only suffered a handful of panic attacks. Now I don't know what will work for you, but MFR works for me. Would not hesitate to recommend MFR to anybody.
5	Is This the Magic Bullet? After years of beating my body up (body building and mountaineering), I have been searching for something that can help. I have tried many things, some have helped, others have not. Myofascial Release (MR) has been very beneficial for me. I am much more flexible and my joints move better. Rowena's first concern is her clients. She is very knowledgeable and professional. If you are hurting, I encourage you to give Rowena and MR a try.
5	Nothing had been taking care of my pain with lasting results until I tried myofascial release. I look forward to going to Body Resonance each time. They are also very flexible with scheduling. Rosemarie has been great. I recommend trying out myofascial release and contact Rosemarie to set up an appointment.
5	I don't know what this is or how it works but it works. My wife had 1 treatment with Rowena and the hip and lower backs pains have been substantially reduced. The treatment also had a positive side effect as well. The reduction of nightmares and night terrors that would scare me awake every other week or so. I can say we sleep much better then we have for years. Well I can't verify the last claim, but I can say for sure that I am sleeping better. Next time were in town we will make visiting Rowena our top priority and first stop.
5	As a bodyworker of 15+ years I have sampled many different styles of bodywork.  I have also worked as a teacher at one of the country's most highly rated vocational schools for massage training.  I left that education world because of my love for performing bodywork.  I have had literally hundreds of bodywork sessions and I have performed many thousand over the span of my education and career.  About a year ago Rowena worked on me performing the John Barnes style of Myofascial Release and it was not only highly beneficial, it has changed how I look at the body and my career is now headed in a whole new direction.  This direction now follows the principles of John Barnes Myofascial Release.  Rowena at Body Resonance Myofascial Wellness Center has not only helped me to tap into the healing power of my own body, she also influences the way I approach the people who come to receive bodywork sessions from me.
5	I have had treatments from Rowena before and know her to be a well informed educator on MFR while taking an attitude of student when it comes to understanding the individual client needs. During my last trip to LV in October, I was pleasantly surprised to have an extremely profound treatment from Rowena and Rosemarie, her sister who is a licensed physical therapist.  They treated me together, and exchanged no words but I had the greatest release that night.  I saw familiar and old faces thru visions in various parts of my body during the treatment and awakened the intuitive self within.  I released and forgave, and even saw my ancestors in a vision towards the end of the session, as well as things to come.  I was left with a feeling of hope, looked lighter and younger and slept so well for the next few days.  Can't wait to return and continue the healing.  Alohaaa...
