5	This gym just opened last week in the waterfront area in Homestead PA.Membership signup:My wife and I signed up some time ago before they opened so I assume we got the best deal they'll have. The deal was pretty straight forward. $10 and a $30 once a year fee.  If you've ever been a planet fitness member you'll recognize the fee structure.  The manager whom we signed up with was pleasent and personable.  I lost my little key tag thing between the time I signed up in January and when they opened.  They kindly replaced this at no charge.  All in all signup was a 5/5.How would I describe this place? It is a hybrid of a gym like Planet fitness with lower prices and "no judgement" slogans and a more mainstream gym like LA fitness as they do have some classes and proper weights but not spinning, sauna or a pool.  Sadly, this is not a 24 hour gym.  Which would make it perfect for me.The facility:The facility used to be the top floor of a store I never went into but underwent a complete remodel. It's all new so what can I say other then the space is as good as it will ever be.  It is clean and I did see a few staff doing their best to keep it that way already by cleaning.  A good sign.  The fitness studio for classes is a good sized room. There is an area with kettlebells and weighted balls, an area with cardio machines and the weights area. Also I think there is some tanning and some hydrotherapy thing.  I don't know about that stuff as I will never use it. The changing rooms are nice and roomy.  No paper towels so slobs will have to try harder to make a mess. Good idea Crunch people.All in all 5/5The equipment:Everything is brand new and works as it should.  I did find one treadmill out of level, which if you are walking is no biggie  but if you are running it can get pretty annoying.  There are no TV's on the cardio equipment, they're handing from the ceiling.    They do have a really good mix if stuff. A couple rowers, lots of threadmills, those forever stair things that are great along with elliptical etc.  All in all not bad. The weights area  looks like they opened a catalog and just ordered one of everything and a few spare flat benches.  Really this is not a bad strategy at all.  The only thing missing is a on old school straight bar pull up bar.bolted to the wall.  Why gyms refuse to install this $40 piece of equipment I will never get. Good variety of weights with dumbells up to 90lbs. No signs reminding people to rerack their weights.  4.5/5  Unlevel treadmill on day three of business gets them a minor ding.The staff:The staff I have met have so far been personable and accommodating.  I asked for a Pilates ball, they showed me where they keep them. I asked that they turn on closed caption on the tv's, they did so. No muss, no fuss so far.  Also, there isn't at least so far any pushy personal training pitch.  Really this is a wonder and I hope they keep this up.  I don't need it and not  being upsold  constantly  would be a real plus.  So far so good.Staff gets a 5/5Classes:I'll try one when they get a schedule setup.So far Not applicableThe other patrons:So far it seems about like a nice mix of just regular folks.  It has not been too crowded but I have gone at off peak times.  As i go back will update my review.The verdict:For $150 a year if they can keep it clean, the equipment/space from getting to beat up I'd say this place will make a welcomed addition to the area.  Only time will tell.
5	When I discovered that Crunch gym was about to open in the Waterfront, I immediately signed up for a membership and cancelled my membership at Planet Fitness. Crunch is much closer to where I live which is a big deal since I don't like to spend a lot of time driving just to go to the gym.Initially I thought Crunch would comprise of the bottom and top floors of the old Filenes Basement. However, Crunch is on the top floor and a men's clothing store will be on the bottom floor. The gym is actually smaller than other gyms I've been to but it is still spacious and even has a large fitness studio for the various classes that are offered such as Pilates and Zumba.The women's locker room is nice. It has a grey and purple color scheme going on. There are plenty of lockers, a scale, five bathroom stalls, three showers and an area where there are sinks  as well as an extra counter to do your hair and make up. There are no paper towels, only two hand dryers.  The only thing I don't like about the locker room is that there are no changing stalls. There are plenty of options available to have a fun and effective workout. If you are a cardio queen or king, there are an estimated 30 treadmills, around a dozen or more elliptical machines, and a handful of stairstep machines. The weightlifting area is my favorite. There are plenty of free weights and weight machines (plate and pin) to tone or build up your muscles. If you prefer to stretch before you work out, there is an area in the front of the facility that provides mats. Also in that same area are kettle bells and exercise balls. Fitness classes are also offered at Crunch. I haven't participated in one yet but Retro-tonics sounds fun. To see what classes are being offered and at what time, you can visit Crunch's website.I have the Peak membership that permits me access to the hydro-massage bed and tanning booths. After my workout I absolutely have to go on the hydro-massage bed. O. M. G. This massage bed is AWESOME! It's like having a hundred hot tub jet streams massaging your body! You can program the hydro-massage bed to give you a full body massage or to just massage  specific areas. The massage lasts for ten minutes. If you decide to use it during peak hours you will have to wait a while as it's quite popular. There are two tanning booths if you prefer to tan instead of waiting for the hydro-massage bed. Crunch Gym is clean and new and the staff is pleasant. There is a diverse group of people who utilize Crunch, which I really like! Gym membership is also affordable at $10 for a Base membership and $20 for Peak. So far I love working out here!
5	Clearly... A gym is necessary for all of my restaurant ventures... LOL. I am so glad I became a member. I became a member during their grand opening, so I received my "Peak" membership for $20 per month. The basic package was offered for $10. The peak includes classes, hydro-massage spa, and tanning (I don't need it, but its nice to know it is there). The staff and trainers are very nice, and willing to offer a helping hand when needed. They offer personal training, supplements/shakes, and other very cool perks. The space is very clean, and I see the staff cleaning the machines often. The gym has all of the amenities for the average gym heads!
1	besides the equipment and place being new and clean the staff is ridiculously rude. I had the chance to get personal trained by staff and Tara is horrible. She doesn't care about her clients and she stands in front of the mirror to look at herself all the time. She is disorganized with appointments and doesn't come out of her "office" unless she has a client. The assistant manager ashley at the front desk walks around like she is lost and gives people a dirty look which is not welcoming at all.I would not recommend.
1	Of you are used to the crunches in NYC, prepare to be disappointed. Small comparatively and limited services- showers but they don't even offer towels. Strength section section very minimal, no wifi, outdated cardio machines that don't work well. I sure hope this gym doesn't cost as much as joining crunch in NYC- not worth more than 30$/month.
3	This is an adequate gym for cardio and weight lifting. The staff is very friendly and it's always been clean inside. The hours are good and they offer classes. There are lockers in the locker room and showers that are always working.Starting Oct 31st, 2014, you will need to have a premium membership to access the classes that are offered (Zumba, Yoga, Kickboxing, etc). This is change that is just being made- you used to be able to access these classes with a basic membership. Premium membership is $20/month and basic is $10/month plus your start up fee and yearly fee. Get your basic membership now and you will get grandfathered in to access to the classes for $10/month.Other perks with the premium membership are the hydro massage bed and tanning. I don't use the tanning so I can't speak to what that's like... Appears to be stand up beds with a little changing room in front of it.I don't like the sign is set up for hydro massage. You never know how long someone has been on the machine or how many people are in line in front of you by looking at the sheet. Each session is 10 minutes, so you don't know if someone is almost done and then it's your turn or if someone just started and therecould be two people after that person so you'll be waiting thirty minutes. I also see people walk in there without signing in, so I am guessing there are people with basic memberships just using it when they want... That's frustrating bc I pay an extra $10/month just for that hydro massage bed. I also see people using it for 20 minutes instead of 10, which causes people to have to wait longer.The gym is in a convinient spot with plenty of free parking.
2	I tried out this gym with a free one-visit pass. I was drawn to it because 1.) their membership costs are rock-bottom low and 2.) their class offerings looked pretty cool. However, I was really underwhelmed. The person at the front desk was not friendly or welcoming in the slightest, and asked me way more questions about myself than I felt was necessary just to use a one-day pass. The gym itself was strangely empty (early evening on a weeknight, when my usual gym would be decently active). I guess it's a good thing that it was empty, though, due to the lack of space --- even having like three or four people in the free weights area at a time made it feel cramped. Their equipment looked nice enough - mostly cardio equipment, free weights, benches, a squat rack, etc - and for $10 a month it's definitely affordable, but I'd rather pay a little bit more for a more positive experience elsewhere.
4	I like Crunch... I've been a member for over three months now. While this was not a prime location for me... It's a bit out of my way.I was looking for 3 things 1 exercise classes, 2 more diverse workout equipment and 3 low price. I signed up after opening specials but before the last deals closed. So I get classes and a base membership for 10$ per month. And roughly 39.99$ in yearly dues for value that really cannot be beat.My old gym didn't offer classes, was over crowded and had some pretty banged up equipment for that same price. I have never had any issues with the front desk staff or class instructors everyone is nice and friendly. It's  a pretty clean gym, modern new equipment and holy kettle-bells batman! I was so happy to be able to include a routine with yoga balls, medicine balls and kettle bells. In short equipment wise there is something for everyone here. I do wish there was a bit more space, but you can use the class room when classes are not running for workouts and stretching you just cannot bring outside equipment from elsewhere in the gym into that room. A little sad but there are bosu balls yoga mats, small free weights and trx straps in there. The classes and instructors vary in my opinion, the Zumba is very popular and belly butt and thighs boot camp, are tough, so is bosu boot camp. I really like the trx class, yoga is so so. I have tried going different times as there are instructors I prefer that will vary based on your tastes. I have never had a problem with overcrowding here. Lots of different types of people working out here also. I was hesitant about this gym due some mixed reviews but after diving into my membership I have no concerns.
