5	This place is awesome!!!! Great food! Friendly staff serving up yummy inexpensive cocktails with a smile!!! I highly recommend checking out sports grill 101!!!
5	What can I say... we eat here once a week for lunch cuz we can walk here. We come here for happy hour twice a week cuz we can walk here. So, yeah it's pretty convenient... but we STAY here after hours to play poker because the servers know us by name and the food is priced right and the poker crowd is really cool and it's a great place to eat-n-learn.And we LOVE Tony because that guy says hello to EVERY CUSTOMER EVERY TIME. Trust me on this one... jump off the freeway for happy hour... you'll know what I mean when Tony says hello to you, too.PS get the three meat calzone. You look great and can afford the calories...
4	Went here to watch the Olympics and play some poker.  Pros:  Prices:  On a Sunday it is basically all day happy hour.  Drinks and food were incredibly cheap.            Bar:  Plenty of space to sit and watch various sports.  I also liked how they played the sound for the main game they had on, which has been rare to places I have gone in town.            Food:  Food was good.  I had some garlic knots and pizza.  Garlic knots were great pizza was good.  I probably have had better pizza in town but it was still good and for the prices such a great deal.Cons:  Mainly this place was just hard to find.  The area it is located in all has the same look to the buildings and from the outside it was hard to tell this was a sports bar and not a bank or other business.Overall great experience.  I skipped the poker this time, but would likely get in next time around.  Looking forward to some Monday and Sunday football.
5	I love sports grill!  The food is cheap and good and the drinks are a good price too.  Like other reviews said, the staff is really friendly and the owner is always there to say hi. One of my favorite things is that they have a pinball machine as well as darts and a pool table.
5	A great place for pizza and beer.  Good happy hour prices.  A nice place to watch the game.
2	After reading all of the other reviews, I have determined that the food must be the only thing bringing people back to this bar. I was here on a Saturday afternoon to watch a college football game. They had 1 waitress and 1 bartender. The waitress was simply helping run food while the lone bartender was running around like crazy. She was very thorough though with her tables from what I could tell. As a sports bar, the 7 (or so) tvs set up at the bar were not enough. One tv was totally blurred and delayed, and there were no tvs in the restaurant side of this place. Very awkward set up for a so-called sports bar.The one factor that makes me never want to return again, is the clientele that obviously frequents this bar. At the far end of the bar, there were 5 or 6 older gentlemen drinking heavily and making extremely inappropriate comments about the ladies who walked by and rude comments to some fans of the opposite team who were seated at the high tops. As a 24 yr old female, these men made me extremely uncomfortable. The worst part was, the owner walked behind the bar and made himself comfortbale while socializing and hanging out with these men. I would expect an owner to feel the vibe of the bar and ensure that a stable and comfortable environment is enjoyed by all. I'd rather drive an extra 10 minutes up the 101 and go to Sandbar
2	New owners. Strange having San Diego microbrews when there are fabulous locally-brewed microbrews in PHX. The caramel-chipotle wings were kind of a sticky mess, heavy on the caramel but the chipotle or punch of spice was missing.  It was described as their "famous (infamous?)" caramel-chipotle sauce and I certainly can't all it anything but a mouthful of sticky sweet caramel with no zing -- and at $8 for 8, I'd expected something much better.The other option was "tavern sauce" which is a mixture of buffalo sauce and BBQ sauce -- ugh! I didn't try it but I have at other bars and its a disgusting combination. Please, have a basic "Hot Buffalo Sauce" option, nail it and leave the other sauces as options.  A sports bar HAS to get buffalo wings down and these were anything but. Tried the calamari which was advertised with a orange-lime something sauce (can't remember) but was nothing more than ketchup and mayonnaise. Also, it was sold as topped with cilantro, mint and basil whereas when they arrived at our table, cold, there were a couple sprinkles of tired and brown basil.  Largely a cold, tentacled disaster with Utah-style ring sauce and something formerly green sprinkled on top.The menu looks fantastic.  Clearly it was written by a professional but the end product doesn't quite match the delicious descriptions. My suggestions are to dumb down the menu to match the product that comes out of the kitchen or make damned sure you run quality control before you present your patrons with their food.And San Diego microbrews in the land of Four Peaks, San Tan, Nimbus and now Fate brewery?  That's akin to serving mild Pace picante sauce out of a central Phoenix taco truck.Please.  I want to love this place as it's in my neighborhood but you have to get your shizzle together. Please please please.  Get the wings down, get the calamari HOT and as described in the menu and if you're going to showcase microbrews from San Diego, tell me more than "well, there's a dark, I think there is an IPA and uhh some other ones"You take care of those things and McDowell mountain ranch will take care of your bar. Work on QC because SG 101 is too close to Four Peaks, Twin Peaks and a host of other bars to send food like that out.
5	It was only after a message from one of the new managers, Taylor, that I chose to return to sports grill 101 and boy am I glad I did! Thank you Taylor for reaching out to me. The changes were obvious and clearly for the better. The televisions were all new and they were all very nice ones! I came on a sunday afternoon with my boyfriend and we sat at a high top in the bar area. Our server (a lovely brunette woman whose name i completely forgot) was more than friendly, attentive and extremely patient. We started with the wings which were very nicely done. The sweet sauce wasn't my fav but the hot/bbq one won me over. After that, we both got chicken sandwiches (i know, how creative) but they were delicious! And the onion rings that were served, were by far the best I've had. We were in no hurry that sunday afternoon and our server was very patient with us and quite helpful in assisting us with selecting some beer. By the way, Doug is crazy for being so unappreciative of the San Diego microbrews the bar had on draft. I thought it was very refreshing to not have my only choices be beers from either four peaks or san tan, which I truthfully cannot stand! The overall atmosphere was completely different and I appreciated it much more. I will definitely be back to sports grill 101! Love the changes!
2	My husband and I live down the street from this place and finally decided to try it.  Blech, never again.The server, Tammy, was great!  In fact, the staff is really nice.  It's sad to see such great people working at a place that will probably shut down in a month or two.  My husband ordered the "Fireball" burger and said that there was no kick whatsoever.I ordered the "Pigskin" burger.  I ordered it well done and while it was completely charred on the outside (bad), there was still pink on the inside.  I work in a restaurant and I know how it should look.  There is supposed to be bacon in the meat mixture, could not taste it at all.  In fact the burger as a whole did not have any flavor to it.  Wendy's burgers have more flavor!The onion rings are really good!  In fact the best I've had yet.  The fries are good too, they lightly sprinkle some seasoning salt on them (so don' t add salt!).  My husband really liked his bloody mary.  The other con was that other than us, there was one other table and our food still took a long time to come out.  We won't go back.  The food is unimpressive and there are other places I can spend my tips.
4	We stumbled across this joint because of Groupon and found a nice home to watch football games, shoot pool, and at one point play darts.  The big deal is that they had the Pac 12 Network here, so we could watch all of the Pac 12 games all season long.  They no longer have the dart machine, which is a major bummer....but the food is great.  The owner is originally from Chicago and boy do I love Chi-town food!Here's a few of the menu items we've had here:Pizza PuffItalian Beef SandwichPizzahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sports-grill-101-scottsdale?select=stYoZF-lpKxKkoYaAR7H4Q#stYoZF-lpKxKkoYaAR7H4QNachoshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sports-grill-101-scottsdale?select=7xuYCkVon4E5M4y0_djsmg#7xuYCkVon4E5M4y0_djsmgGarlic Knotshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sports-grill-101-scottsdale?select=31Ry-jyqVvm9KbBsVFlGqw#31Ry-jyqVvm9KbBsVFlGqwBy far, my favorite items are the Italian Beef Sandwich, Pizza, and of course the Pizza Puff.  The Italian Beef w/Giardinere is simply awesome.  The Pizza very good....thin crust and crispy, I order it Well Done.  The Pizza Puff is the legit ILTaco brand, which reminds me of the Windy City.The employees here are super friendly and will try to accomodate you if you want to change a TV to watch your team play.Like I said, the only bummer is that they removed the dart machine....we enjoyed playing darts there from time to time.  Doesn't matter, we'll be back.Return Factor - 95%
1	AVOID THIS PLACE!!The wings might have been the worse I have ever had.  The wife and I love wings and we could barely choke down 2 each.  French Dip was dry and tasted like eating a block of salt...I'm not even sure how you do that with the 'dip' part but they did.  The beer selection was okay at best...wish 4-Peaks wasn't crowded and I didn't have to look for an alternative.The only way this place has a rating about 2 stars if if the people that work there or their friends are rating it.
1	Closed down.Out of business.Adios.
