5	My husband and I were so excited to find this wonderful Italian restaurant near our house.  It is owned by a very friendly Italian family who serves up great, freshly made food.  Our favorites include the Tortellini alla Roma which has prosciutto and mushrooms, and the Risotto dishes.  But everything we have tried has been excellent!  The soups of the day (often minestrone) are also very good with big chunks of fresh vegetables.  Their desserts are also excellent, particularly the homemade tiramisu and the Italian Cream Cake.  We used to enjoy their lunch buffet during the weekdays, but I'm not sure they have that anymore due to lowered traffic with the economy.  But they do have many of their dishes for lunch specials.
4	My family loves this spot and with good reason. You really do feel at home with the lovely hospitality of the restaurant owners (chef-husband, wife and son can each be accounted for on most evenings, as far as I can tell!). Reasonable prices and flavorful food. Save room for dessert because the cheesecake is phenomenal and the spumoni is perfect!
5	This new location and name(formally Cafe Roma at McKellieps and Recker Rd.) is a gem. Antonio and Anna cook authentic Italian food and the service is #1.
5	Antonio and Anna have a beautiful new location at 7210 E. Main Street in Mesa with the same great authentic Italian food. The service is excellent and the new restaurant has a real family atmosphere. They offer dinner specials every night.
4	Just a heads up that this place moved to 7210 E Main Street. Same great family but they also reversed the name so the sign says: "Roma Cafe."
3	Expansive options of tried and true Italian classics served up competently. Relative to the options in the area, a pretty good dinner.
3	Are they still in business?  Went by for Saturday lunch and not a soul to be seen. Also, their hours on the door a completely different than on their website (we were there at 11:15am).
4	Suggest you try this cafe.   I have and was very satisfied.     Antonio and his staff do an excellent job; the food (Italian) is very good.  If you are in the area stop by and give it a try,  I think you will enjoy.    Not a chain great local faire.
5	Eccellente!!! A bona-fide family run Italliano ristorante that is a "MUST" for anyone in the east valley craving Italliano food. We ate here last night with my folks whom had been here previously and highly recommended it. The service was very good, but expect it to be a tad on the slow side. This is quite normal over in Italy, so expect it here as the owners are themselves from Italy, and enjoy the great aroma coming from the kitchen as you anticpate a delicious meal arriving at your table. Our server, Carmen was great, the food was absolutely amazing, and the owners even came by to chat us up exuding a great vibe and making us feel very welcome.We can't wait to go back!
5	Authentic Italian/ Mediterranean cuisine. Homemade, Organic ingredients. From Seafood to the best bread,great salad and fast service. I, as an Italian, HIGHLY RECOMMEND this restaurant. Really the BEST. Tried others, no comparison. Guarantee you'll LOVE this place.
4	Don't let the exterior fool you. Driving by Roma Cafe, it looks like a greasy spoon, with neon advertizement stickers on the windows..The food here was excellent ..fresh made pasta. rich sauces. When we went, they had a guy jamming on a Yamaha keyboard for entertainment.I cannot wait to go back.. i had the Chicken Picatta $15 delish!
5	My favorite restaurant in the East Valley.  I eat dinner there at least 3-4 times a month.  The food is authentic Italian....the tomato sauce  (various pasta dishes) is mouth-watering good!!  My favorites are the lasagna, and the veal picatta.  The service is very attentive, from Mama (Anna) to Antonio (Tony, chef and Father) and Marco (Son, and server extraordinaire).
5	My family and I have been patrons of Roma Cafe since before it relocated a couple years ago.  The family is so nice and welcoming, and the food is amazing.  I love their pasta dishes, and my family typically orders the specials.  And when whoever is taking your order asks "soup or salad?" - always get the soup, no matter what it is!  It will be to die for, I promise you.
4	Great place - food, prices, hospitality, and atmosphere.  Small, cute, clean, and comfortable place for both lunch and dinner.
5	#Whatsamattaforyou ? My mommy wanted authentic Italiano lunch today. So must only go to #RomaCafe. The food is homemade from scratch fabulous, service wonderfully Italian and Chef Antonio is amazing. If you're in East Mesa you have to stop in here for lunch or dinner.  Amiamo questo posto
5	We live in Gold Canyon, we are so excited to have this GREAT place close.It has wonderful Italian dishes.The Osso Bucco is the BEST!!!We  enjoy the Family that owns this restaurant.Very friendly and so helpful on the ordering.And the drinks are a good pour!We are never  unhappy!We enjoy every meal.And the prices are good.Karol  P.
5	Having recently moved to Mesa AZ choosing a place to dine can be a crap shoot.  We decided to have Italian for dinner and picked Romas as our place to try.  Thinking, if it wasn't what we expected we could cross it off our list of places to go.  My oh my, were we ever pleasantly surprised.  What a great place.  Starting off with out server Marco, all the way to the end with our cappuccinos. Everything was top notch.  I had the sea bass ravioli with sauteed shrimp in a brandy cream sauce.  Every one else in our party raved about their food and the service.  This will definitely be a place we will visit again.
5	Went there 3 weeks ago for my friend's graduation dinner. Lots of choices, low prices, excellent service, and the food was amazing!
4	First time going there last night and was very pleased to find such a fine establishment.  We've lived out here two years, had never heard of this place and certainly have not had any good italian food, until now.They have a very wide range of italian dishes and regional specialties.  That part is nice but it made it extremely difficult to narrow the choices.  Guess we will have to keep going back.  We were served by a very pleasant woman named Carmen who had a very good knowledge of the menu.  She recommended the house dressing for our salad, a vinagrette, which was awesome.  I had a regional specialty with sardines which was extremely delicious and my partner had spaghetti and meatballs.  He feels that if a place can do the basics well then the rest should be awesome.  Well they passed the test hands down.  I tasted the meatball and it had to be the best I have ever tasted.  You can taste the high quality of their meat.Everything was extremely good and we look forward to returning there shortly.  Thanks Carmen for such good service!
5	I'm in town visiting relatives and this was our first time and Roma Cafe - It was absolutely outstanding.  Our group had two of the specials (oso buco and lobster ravioli), manicotti, and caesar salad,  and we can't say enough about the place!  Marco was an excellent and attentive server. We really appreciated that the owners stopped by and checked on us.  I really appreciated the quiet place and laid back atmosphere and we can't wait to return!
1	Do not eat here. I arrived for lunch at 1:30 with my handicapped 80 year old mother. After getting her walker and getting her out the car and slowly walking in we were met at the door by a rude lady yelling "We, re closed, we're closed. The posted hours for lunch are 11am-2pm and we were there at 1:30. The lady was very rude and we will not be coming back. There are too many other restaurants to eat at that honor their posted hours of operation and offer a welcoming to their customers.
4	Really enjoyed out meal at Roma Cafe tonight.  We had a Restaurant.com coupon which made it even better.  The Lasagna and sauce over it were wonderful, just a little slight on the portion size, considering nothing came with it except a small salad and a small bread basket (you have to pay $2.25 for extra bread).  Service was attentive and she was very knowledgeable of the menu.  The Caesar Salad with calamari and shrimp was delicious and made for a huge entree.
5	my husband took me there on a Saturday evening and we liked it a lot! It was so nice to eat a great Italian meal without having your ears assaulted by the loud music, clanging plates or other clients shouting at each other to be heard over the din. The Italian love songs were just right. The food was very good, and the service excellent. We will be back!
5	Wonderful!!! My girlfriend and I travel to Italy very often. My Mom is from Italy and cooks Amazing Authentic Italian Cuisine. Needless to say, we are foodies and know good Italian food. We were looking for a good Italian restaurant in Mesa. We finally were able to try this place after many failed attempts to find a good Restaurant. What a Diamond of a Find...Buon appetito!!!  :)
5	This place is AUTHENTIC Italian all the way!  People are speaking Italian, the vibe is Italian... so much fun to be around. The staff is family and KNOW that menu!  All 4 of our meals were supurb, beautiful and delicioso!  The lasagne was meaty & had perfect sauce ballance. The eggplant parm was thinly sliced and had a smooth texture.  The pasta with anchovies, sardines, raisins and peanuts (think thats right) was a great mixture of different/uncanny ingredients that paired very well!  I cant wait to try more! Yum!This is one of those places that you might over-look because of its location... but we decided to try it and we will most definately be back.For those bad reviews that touted poor service, or no hours, this is not an Olive Garden. Get over it. They can do what they want... it seems like they have enough repeat business.
4	Good food, great service. Doesn't look like much on the outside but give it a try. Vast menu selection, something for everyone. Pesto sauce was wonderful, as was tomato sauce. Fresh ingredients, good flavor. We'll be back.
5	Had to write a few words about Roma cafe because they deserve it! To start I'd like to say they are so nice a its family ran from the front of the house to the back and it was so nice to get to meet first the mother, then their son our waiter, then be checked on by the father "the chef" at the end of our meal was very nice!! This place was family friendly, they will even make any meal on the menu into a junior portion which nobody does and I love that we get that option;) we ordered two of the daily specials one for my husband being the Italian meatloaf second being crab and shrimp ravioli for our daughter and both were awesome! I ordered the chicken Florentine and our son ordered spaghetti and meatballs and we both were super satisfied everything especially with the freshness and portion size! everything was so good that even though we were stuffed to the max we opted to get desert... 2 homemade cannolis... They were awesome and a perfect end to an amazing meal!! We are definitely going to be returning and would recommend anyone that hasn't tried Roma's...SHOULD! Thank you Roma for a great dinner and excellent service!
5	Since I left Italy, I've been searching for that authentic Italian restaurant.  This place was a drive for me but well worth the trip. The place is in the middle of nowhere and doesn't look like much on the outside. As soon as I opened the door, the smell alone reminded me of being back in Italy.  The waiting staff was attentive but not hovering.  Its a family own place grandma coming out every once in a while to see how everyone is doing.  Each dish I had looked well prepared and tasted great all the way down to dessert washed down with limoncello.  I highly recommend checking the place out.
5	We were looking for a place to have dinner and after looking at our options on Yelp we decided to try Roma Cafe.We pleasantly pleased with the cleanliness of the restaurant. We were greeted quickly by a friendly lady and seated. The owner came over and greeted us talked about the different items on the menu and the fish that was fresh that day. He answered questions on different dishes and made recommendations.Our waiter came and took our cocktail requests and also brought us water without us having to ask.  I ordered Chicken Florentine and my husband ordered Cioppino.Both meals were out of this world. Salad and bread were also served.We shared tiramisu for dessert and it was by far the best we have ever had. Our entire visit was fantastic and will make this one of our "go to" places to eat!
5	The pork oso bucco is last meal worthy! Seriously. This is a wonderful family owned and operated business.
3	I ordered the chicken Marsala. The mushrooms were tasty however the chicken was dry and lacked flavor. It was a thin sliced piece of breast meat that was over cooked and tasted previously frozen. The dinner rolls were soft but cold and dry. The employees were very nice but the food was not good.
5	An authentic local restaurant. Marco was our server.  He was attentive,  efficient and friendly.   A pleasure to dine with the family.  Our group all had excellent dinners. The staff was friendly and attentive.  Enjoyable dinner.
