5	The burgers are fabulous! They are so juicy and just melt in your mouth! Also, the custard is amazing! I had the Chocolate Nutty and it was the best concrete custard I have ever had!
4	Burger N Fries just opened up on the corner of Scottsdale Road and Shea (just south of the intersection) so I wanted to try it out. To be honest, my sister is a cashier here so the first time I got food here was an exclusive opening just for friends and family of the employees. With that being said, there were some mistakes that were made but it was their first night open. Just make sure you get what you ordered.I have gone back 2 different times and the service has gotten better. I feel like they still have some work to do but they are definitely improving. The burgers are one of the best I've had. The burgers are all cooked medium unless you tell the cashier otherwise. I feel like the burgers could be a little bigger though. They have two giant drink machines in which you can pretty much get whatever drink you want. Finally, the custard shakes are the best! I usually order the "create your own" in which I get chocolate custard with brownie and marshmallow.
5	Great environment and staff, even better food. Their burgers are all natural beef with no hormones or preservatives. Seriously if you go any burger or hot dog you'll be full and happy!
1	The food was just really bad. The onion rings might have been good if the breading weren't cold and mushy. The "Grilled" hot dog had the taste and texture of boiled wiener. It was actually cold in the center. The buns were room temperature. This place makes me miss Indulge Burger even more. I would never eat here again.
4	Really good burger and fries. I thought the burger was a little small, but very good. I got a sample of the seasonal beer before committing. I really liked it as well. Service was excellent. The young woman at the checkout checked on us later to make sure everything was good.  I will probably be back.
4	I stopped by for a quick bite to eat. I ordered the "Big Big Burger" and a create your own chocolate custard with brownies, marshmallow, whipped cream and oreo cookies. The burger was cooked and in my hands within 10 minutes of ordering it.The difference in the burger between any other place and this place is that Burger N Fries makes theirs from all natural grass fed beef. In case your wondering, you can taste a difference. Instead of having no taste and being overcooked, the burgers served here are full of juice and are perfectly cooked. The custard ice cream was quite the shake! I was happy to see that the restaurant including the bathrooms were VERY clean. This is something this restaurant does extremely well. The service was pretty good. I think they could improve a little on more interactions with the customers. For example, it would be good to greet the customer when he/she enters the restaurant and leaves. The water cups were pretty small. I would like to see them make the change to a larger cup so that the customer doesn't have to get up and refill their drink after every 3-4 sips. Other than that, they have made some improvements since the last time I visited. Keep up the hard work.
2	I had high hopes after seeing a new burger with natural beef open up.  There is some decent options to customize a burger, but with dietary restrictions it seems more like a burden asking questions about what's in certain sauces.  Also the burger is very small.  Literally like a large slider.  I don't know if it even qualified as a quarter pound burger. If the meat didn't have a great taste it would have resulted in a 1 star.  I hope they can turn things around, staff be happy to serve, and the burger size increase dramatically.
3	Decided to take the family here after receiving a coupon and was intrigued by the all natural concept. We loved the decor and the place seemed clean. We were immediately disappointed when we discovered the lack of a kids menu. We were informed by the staff that we could order anything plain. So we get to pay $6 for a burger for our 6 year old. Same with the hot dogs. You pay for a Chicago dog and then tell them to hold all the good stuff.  Fries are separate although the large seemed to feed us all. We ordered waters and were presented with 5 shot glass sized plastic cups. I realize they make money on drinks but this is Arizona!  We need water. The only saving grace is that the food was pretty good. The burgers were small but had good flavor.  Just wondering how American cheese made into an all natural place.We may come back, but I doubt we will make a special trip.
5	Ok, you might think that 5 out of 5 stars is over the top, but in this case it is merited.  To me, Burger N Fries combines a clean, family oriented atmosphere with friendly staff and great food at a good price.  There are no misses, so 5 out of 5!Some details....The concept of grass feed beef was an immediate draw and the flavor of the meat is fantastic.  To me, the meat makes all the difference.  The bacon used on the Big Big tastes great too and the vegetables on the burger are always fresh.  A great bang for the buck!The staff is friendly and not only delivers your order quickly, but they are there to help out with anything else you might need.The beer selection is good, with nice craft beers on tap and in bottles.I've had two sides, french fries and onion rings, and both were generous servings and both tasted great.  I'm not a big onion ring fan, but for some reason I really like their rings, especially dipped in some of their hamburger sauce.  (Which I always get an extra side of because it tastes great!)Burger n Fries quickly became a favorite food stop for my boys and I.  The food is consistently prepared well and tasty!  I highly recommend you stop by for a bite!
4	Despite past reviews, i tried the onion rings and liked them, give em a try. My gf liked the fries better. Great staff, nice beer/wine selection. The beef is all natural with no hormones added - Delicious & Juicy!! I definitely say it's worth the trip in. Let me know if this helps!
2	Nice location... food disappointing. Nice sunny corner location with sliding doors for an open air feel on a nice day. Very friendly staff though I noticed they had trouble keeping track of customer orders (need a numbering system). Everything was served quickly and hot.I had a double mushroom burger with fries and a drink. Not much taste to the undersized burger and the fries were just OK. I wanted to like this place... but taste comes first and it just wasn't up to par with the cost... guess I'll stick to less "natural" offerings for now.
3	I decided to try this place out despite the reviews, and everyone is 100% spot on. The decor is cool looking. The bathroom was odd. The hand dryer is located on the one faucet. So if there are multiple people, they have to wait to wash their hands while you fight with the awkward dryer. For the ladies...they actually don't have sanitary depositories in the stalls. You have to walk out of the stall to the main trash to throw things away (unless I missed it somewhere). I had the veggie burger. It was tasty, but is definitely on the small side. I would agree that it is more like a slider. The fries are good as well. I'd say they are pretty much a normal portion size, but if I'm paying extra, it would be nice to have a larger portion.  The water cups are tiny. You have to sip it like a fine wine. I was not stuffed after the meal. I was able to go to the movies after and down a medium size popcorn without any issues. I hate to say, but I don't think this place is going to make it. I think for the cost, it's not worth it. They need to make things cheaper or provide larger portions. I don't think there was an option to double up the veggie patty?
1	This place is a joke they think their burgers are made of gold...  I wanted to like this place but the truth is no matter how good your burger is paying 17 dollars for a half pound burger fries and a small drink is ridiculous.   It is just like the overpriced indulge burger that used to be in this location that closed down.  I will not be coming back here as I don't like paying ridiculous prices for things that are not that great to begin with.  The bun is super small,  the burger is greasy,  non seasoned and tasteless for only 10 bucks.  I guess the fries are okay for only 4 bucks more.  Then you pay 3 bucks for a cup that holds about 5 cents of soda.   I don't see this place being here long.
2	We decided to place an order and then go pick it up. The service was SLOW and DISORGANIZED. We paid for one hot dog (the smallest hot dog I have ever seen) and 4 burger (again they were very tiny and they only gave us 3). When we got home, lo and behold, they forgot the rest of the order. We also ordered a large fries and a large Onion Ring When we placed the order the sales person told us that the larges would feed 2 very hungry people and 3 so- so hungry people. So the large order of onion rings turned out to be 5 rings. Taste was so-so. Nothing to write home about. When I called and told them they did pack our 4th burger, the response on the other end was "so do want to come back and get it"? No actually we won't be back.
5	I normally visit fast food places for burgers just because of its easy however every once and a while I splurge for a nice one. I tried this place tonight with a roommate and the burgers were really good. Not the absolute best I have ever had but probably on par with the juiciest. The mAnager greeted us and service was pretty fast. The coolest thing I think was the open atmosphere though. I would definitely go back.
2	Style over substance. This restaurant has a lot of polish to it but it's missing a lot of details that would make it more enjoyable for the diner.The menu is printed on a 6' tall mirror as you walk in. It's not easy to read the menu especially when the mirror is reflecting a dark background, like dark clothes that you're wearing. I went safe and just ordered the All American Burger and shared a large fries with Parmesan and herbs. Also ordered an iced tea.I was bummed that there weren't burger patty options on the menu, like bison, buffalo, turkey, etc. (If they were there I couldn't see them - see paragraph #2)When you get to the register to order, you do get a nice warm greeting and friendly service. However, you can't see the menu anymore and it's a bit frustrating. They have two monitors on the back wall showing random product images but those images don't seem relevant or captivating, and even seem washed out from either poor monitors or poor photography. I think they'd be better served by having menu panels where customers are used to seeing them vs. a picture of ripe tomatoes.I went to get my iced tea and found that they use Coke's bag-in-box Gold Leaf tea. So, it's "natural" burgers and "formerly natural" iced tea. I don't drink soda and I like good iced tea so I am dismayed when restaurants choose bag-in-box tea products vs one of the many quality fresh brewed products that are out there.The burgers and fries came out in a timely manner with friendly service. The food was delivered on half sheet pans - one for my friend's hot dog (which was in a small paper tray), one for the fries, one for my burger. The burger is tiny, like McD's Quarter Pounder sized. I'm not looking for a huge burger but this little 4" bun looked even worse sitting on the acreage of an otherwise empty half sheet pan. The presentation was awful. The burger did taste good but for the size it was more like a $4 burger especially since it doesn't include a side of fries. The fries were good and worth ordering again.I want to like the place. It's nice with the open garage doors, the Big Ass Fan on the ceiling, the friendly service. But it seems that they put their money on the glitz of the project vs. on things that make dining better, and easier.
5	This Environmentally conscious upbeat modern restaurant serves great tasting burgers w/ fresh all-natural ingredients as well as crispy and tasty fries.  The small order is plenty to fill you up.Check out the cool "Big Ass fan" and the recycled chairs!  They highlight the efforts that this business promotes to protect the environment.  The open sliding doors around the restaurant during the nice cool weather, gives you a nice breeze while keeping the dining area open and inviting.All of the food looks as good as the pictures on the monitors behind the registers.  We appreciated the sampling of the Cows (flavored floats).  You'll like them, I guarantee it.On my visit, I ordered the Arizona burger which is a burger with a Serrano pepper cooked into the beef, and topped with two deep fried Serrano peppers and Chipotle Aioli made this burger one to try!  Thanks Valerie for your perfect service.  You and Burger N Fries need more stars.  This place is one of the best places I've been in a long time.-Christian
3	It was ok.... the ordering system was a little confusing, but I am a smart girl and I figured it out. I was looking for a good burger and I found one just the way I wanted it, and the onion rings were good. Its just missing a little personality....?
5	Yummy! Had the larger cheese burger and it was delish. Hot, juicy and fresh. Staff is passionate about their product and so friendly and happy. Ordering is super easy and we were served quickly. Cute patio area to enjoy a nice glass of vino. I am only able to eat grass fed beef and this is my new favorite spot. Will definitely be coming back. And....the frozen custard was fabulous!
5	I recently went to burger n fries again and tried their veggie burger. It was phenomenal. It was made fresh and from their home made recipe, it's like nothing I've ever had. I defiantly suggest trying it!
3	The menu is unreadable on the mirror-we immediately grabbed a paper one. I'm not sure why they added the grocery store style automated doors either. I got the all american burger, which was just okay. It was a burger with lettuce and condiments. No tomatoes or pickles-it just felt very plain. I didn't feel they offered much variety-the other burgers just added mushrooms or bacon. Boring. My husband got the texas style hot dog-and that chili was delish. We got a regular fry which was a monstrous portion-probably would feed 3-4 people. I can't imagine what the large is.We came and used a coupon, but even with what we got plus two drinks it was 15 bucks. We might go back for the hot dogs, but overall the place is underwhelming.
5	I had the pleasure of trying Burger n Fries yesterday. Since the products are all fresh and natural, I loved eating all that I ordered. It's hard to find onion rings like these and I enjoyed eating every single one.
1	I decided to give this place a try because I received a flyer with coupons in the mail. The flyer advertised that they deliver and that was the selling point.The girl who answered the phone wasn't friendly. She sounded bored and aggravated.I missed some calls n texts while I was busy because the delivery girl couldn't find my apartment. I didn't even know until after the delivery. I'm not sure how long she spent looking, but she didn't say a word and seemed pissed. Also, my food was cold and the fries weren't even edible. I feel bad about the inconvenience of not being able to find my place, but seems odd since it has never been an issue before.The burger was okay. Kinda plain and pretty small. The fries might have been better hot, but just seemed okay as well. The custard was alright, but just not blended that well. I'd rather just make the drive to Smashburger if I'm craving a burger n fries.
5	I love their menu. Staff are always friendly and inviting. Great food! Very cool stop to come by and relax and have a great burger. The shakes are awesome too! Been there multiple times in the last few months, and as person in the health industry it's the perfect cheat meal! :-)Valerie is awesome by the way!If you haven't been you're missing out!
4	As you may be able to tell from my other reviews, Indulge closing sent me into a deep, that-was-my-favorite-place-ever depression. I just wanted to know WHY and was left without any answers, like my boyfriend had just broken up with me and not given me any closure. I had never had a burger so delicious. Every place I go is measured against Indulge, and no one ever stacks up. When I saw this place opening, the font felt familiar and my conspiracy theories kicked in. Maybe my beloved Indulge was opening up under a new name. I have since been assured that is not at all the case (more tears). We finally got over there to try Burgers N Fries tonight.I love the doors (saw that someone didn't like those) and the open feeling. The menu on the mirror is a bit hard to read, but I know what I want so no biggie. We ordered and everyone was very nice. The food came really fast and the girls came by our table a bunch and were SUPER nice. Now....to the big moment...the burger was GREAT. I hate overly complicated burgers or burgers that taste like they were cooked at home. This was neither - it was just good, basic and delish. If I were to say Indulge burgers were 9.5, this burger was an 8.75 or 9. The closest I have been able to find since Indulge closed. I will say maybe the cheese slices could be a bit thicker, maybe a tiny bit more cheese. Anyhow, I actually LOVED that it wasn't this massive thick burger. I can't eat all that anyhow (and really, shouldn't we all stick to smaller portions my fellow Americans?). The men can get the double if they need it. The fries were good and the shake was great (maybe a tiny bit too thick which sometimes can make it not as cold as I'd like). I love custard, mmm! Our meal for two people came to about $30, which did kind of feel over-priced. But, knowing this is the closest I have been able to get to my fave burger, I am willing to pay it! One thing I will add specific to other reviews about natural beef. It is a HUGE deal, and I will ONLY eat at places with natural/grass fed beef. If you don't care, you should. I hope they make it, don't be the second to break my heart (stomach)! PS I am still wondering why my boyfriend Indulge broke up with me. WTF happened to them? I thought things were going so great with us. ;)
5	Awesome fresh burgers.  Friendly fast service.  Been back 4 times in the last month or so.  Sides are monstrous so bring some friends
