1	I went here for my first eye exam in 20 years. Staff was friendly. As the assistant took my info I told her that I wanted dilation because my insurance covered it she said that the doctor would determine wether you would get it or not , I asked why being that it was free for me.didn't get straight answer. Finally female doctor comes in does my exam but dilation I asked and she said she would rather take a pic of my eyes wich let's you see more detail for an extra $45. I told her I couldn't afford it and that I just wanted dilation because it was free. She said that I didn't need because she didn't see a problem but kept insisting on this pic of my eye for $45 I said why would I need pic and not dilation I know pic is more detail but I can't afford it bottom line she didn't dilate my eyes and I didn't argue with her because after all these are my eyes we'r talking about here. I am on my way to get a second opinion because she didn't do a thorough check but she was sure to give me a prescription and introduce me to her sales guy so that I could buy a pair of glasses. Don't recommend this place.
1	This was the first time I had ever gone to an eye exam myself. I went and was told to fill out paper work and then was given a form. The girl said "You don't need to read it. Just go ahead and sign." So I signed the paper and waited to go back. After all was said and done, the doctor, Linda Bayerkohler, said she was going to put me in a Toric lens. I just assumed it was a brand. They then tried to get me to spend another $45 or $50 to take some picture of my eye that lets them see behind it. I told them no and that's when the doctor got rude. So I paid $110, which I felt was pretty high for an evaluation, but I paid anyways. I get home to find out that I was charged most of that because of the special contact this doctor put me in. I call the office, absolutely livid. That was when I was told that I have an astigmatism and that I have to wear special lenses which is why I was charged such an outrageous amount. I became even more angry because I wasn't told I needed a special lens. I wasn't even told I had an astigmatism until I called to complain! They then promised they would get me a 3 or 4 months of contacts for free, but the manager would have to order them first. She told me she'd call me back. 2 months later, she still has yet to contact me and every time I call and ask for her, I am hung up on. I can't leave messages and emailing the company has gotten me no where. I am SO past livid with these people and this company.These people are not concerned with the health of your eye nor are they concerned with your happiness. They're only concerned with making money and being complete rip-offs. AVOID THIS PLACE
3	FINALLY got a call from the manager of the office after emailing twice. I received 3 months of free contacts, which is great since my lenses are really expensive. The manager was really nice and wouldn't stop apologizing for the awful experience. However, when I went in to pick up the contacts, all of the girls at the desk were rude. There was no "How are you" or any of that. I even witnessed one of them say "just sit down over there and I'll get to you in a minute". Only reason for the 3 is because the manager was so nice once I got her on the phone.
3	I went to Lens Crafter's for an eye exam because I don't have eye insurance. The staff was very friendly and helpful. When I called, the eye exam plus fittings of contacts with AAA discount was only around $120. I walked out of there paying $200 because of an $80 fee because I have astigmatism! What a scam! Ordering contacts through them is WAY over priced as well. I got my eye prescription and went straight to Sam's club to get cheap contacts through 1-800-contacts. I understand the staff doesn't set prices, but Lens Crafters should really consider not charging that much knowing there are cheaper ways to get contacts. The astigmatism fee is absolutely ridiculous too, drop that.
5	They rock :)
4	I usually get my glasses here and prescription sun glasses. They are a bit pricey but the one at the Meadows Mall seems to have the styles I prefer compared to the rest. Service is great!!
5	The office of Dr. Kopolow for your eye exams w/i Lenscrafters is outstanding. I have been going there for years. Lenscrafters is very good too and I like that I have the option of changing my glasses w/i 90 days if I am not satisfied. Great service.
1	Waiting 45 minutes past my original appointment time without so much as an acknowledgement of the delay from the staff is just poor customer service.This office appeared to be over-booked and it would be common courtesy to apologize to customers for the long wait times.I ended up leaving because of the long wait time and I didn't get so much as an apology. Just "ok, I'll let them know."
1	wow i was basically jipped $400. I thought I was only going to have to pay $55 for my test but apparently i had to pay a $60 fee as well as a $95 fee because i have astigmatism? They didnt even check my eyes for anything!!!! They just gave me contacts and the optometrist checked if they fit and that was it. Then this one lady was telling me about discounts and i dont know what else so i just went with it. The only reason I gave it at least one star was because the contacts feel better than the ones i got last time.
5	The staff here is attentive and kind. They remember us from year to year and that means SO much!
1	Every time I've ever had to deal with this LensCrafters, everyone has been dismissive and rude.  They teased me about having poor eyesight, they mocked me for being on a budget, and they put holds on my insurance to try to dissuade me from buying my glasses/contacts anywhere else.  Every time I've had to call them, I've been hung up on at least once.  You have to get in their faces in order for them to do anything!  I can't stand having anything to do with this company, and I can't wait until the year is up and I don't have to have any more dealings with them.
5	We used to be customers of LensCrafters a few yrs. ago we left because of change with insurance. I recently took my son for eye exam and I just want to say that LensCrafters is a very good place, it only took us 1 hour to get my son's glasses when in some other places we've been, it takes about 2 weeks. I'm glad we are back with Lens Crafters again.
5	So after years of wearing contacts I decided to get glasses, the staff was very nice helped me pick out the glasses for me the process of getting the correct lenses did not take long and the lady who helped me was very nice we talked while she helped so it wasn't like it was strictly business, which in my opinion its great because they make you feel like you are apart of a group who cares about you not just someone that is there to push you to buy glasses.  I definitely recommend this location. 5 stars
5	I have made two trips to Lenscrafters in the Meadows Mall location in LV and both times I was completely satisfied with my experience. The first time I made an appointment and was promptly greeted and treated in a very professional way. The second time I just "dropped in" and was greeted and treated quickly and professionally. The Dr. was very informative and answered all the questions I had. The reception desk accomodated my need to send a fax while I was waiting to be examined. I will return to this location. I did NOT purchase glasses on this last trip but did purchase two pair on the previous trip and am very satisfied with them.
3	Eh. Kind of upset. Sure the doctors took my insurance, but the frames people didn't. I'm a little confused. Thank you for wasting my time by telling me my eyes need correction, but you'll have to go somewhere else to fix it! Anyways, dr le is phenomenal and really explains everything to you in depth even though I have no clue what he is saying, but hey, he tried.
5	Excellent staff & facilities. Did not have to wait long for my appointment once I arrive. Dr. Shimizu was very nice and knowledgeable. The selection of glasses was also great. What I love the most is that I never have to wait more than an hour for my glasses. Highly recommend this place for all of your eyewear needs.
5	I found my new place to take care for me.. The office very clean... Help to find the perfect contact lenses... The staff is very friendly and helpful... The doctor is very nice explain everything to me...
