1	God help me but I was trapped at this resort and had to eat lunch here.  Yes, I only ate here once, but I got the idea that the circle of cilinary hell I was in was typical.- 1 Star - Wierdly dark.  Came in at 2pm on a weekday and what lights were on (most those over the bar were OFF), were dimmed down to the strip-club level.  To encourage more drinking?  To save electricity? Just flat out weird.- 1 Star - Horrible, dreadful food.  A quesadilla should not be served cut up in to slices and stacked on top of each other if the slices are so watery with oil, so underdone, so glutinously sticky that each slice cannot be pulled away from that below it.  And what's with the bizarre "chipolte" sauce poured over my stacked mass?  It was like watery mayo with orange coloring.  Foul beyond words.  The pico de gallo was okay, though!  But then there was the side salad.  Old tasting lettuce, chunks of flat-fridge-tasting tomato and croutons that came out of a stale bag left open since... not sure when.  I don't think I have left a salad untouched in years, until today.  How was the dressing for the salad?  Oh, hi, nice to see you Mister Plastic Bottled blue cheese.  - 1 Star/ + 1 Star - Server.  I sat at the bar, and with about 12 stools available, there was only one other taken, so it was not busy.  The bartender was attentive, not neglectful.  But there could have been some warmth, some pleasantry?  Right?  I mean, take a few moments to ask... something beside the basics - whatcha want?  No?+ 1 Star/-1 Star - The music.  It's like the 80's are alive, and kicking here at the ole Sangria.  Sort of cool but not as this is just not *that* sort of place.- 1 Star - The Price.  Once again, as with the other eaterie on property, it's like they know they have you by the short-hairs.  A quesadilla and small salad for about $20, without any drink (water! free!)?  Ridic.There isn't much more to say about this place other than it is the 2nd restaurant on the premises of the Scottsdale Resort and Conference Center.  I understand that the pool bar (which was not open the few days I was here) serves food from Sangria's, so SSDD is the vibe.  What Sangria's and it's snazzier (but still crappy) sister joint, the Palm Court, need is a food facelift.  They could get away with being mediocre in so many other ways (decor, out-dated vibe in general) if the food was good.  But it's not even fresh! This resort needs to step up their food game.  Maybe they can get away with serving slop to the conventioneers, but the fact that they had rooms available at last minute notice when the rest of Scottsdale was booked up speaks mightily to the poverty of their food quality.  Again, a sad "avoid" vote.
5	Great Happy Hour specials! The bar is classy and inexpensive, there are pool tables around the bar for free fun and entertainment, the waitstaff was very friendly and accommodating and the tv was huge and the HD picture was excellent. Great bar!
1	Sadly what used to be one of the best happy hours in town is no more.   Sangria'as has changed from  a serious maketing endeavor to just another 'profit center'.   The wonderful menu has been hacked to pieces and there is nothing that sets them apart from any other 'snack food' happy hour.I used to tell everyone about Sangria's in hopes the overall hotel would prosper, but those days are gone.   If you want a little 3" sausage served with stale 'chips' instead of a nice burger, this is the place.   The good food is gone.
1	The Groupon deal my husband got for me to stay at this hotel had a $50 food credit voucher towards any food place in the premises (taxes and tips not included) so we decided to go to Sangria's Lounge for Happy Hour. Several items were priced at $5 each.Our $5 drinks were fine but we ordered the $5 garlic, red pepper hummus and we were extremely disappointed. The hummus was completely tasteless, even its texture wasn't hummus like and it came with stale pita bread. When we inquired about the bread, we were told that they were "pita chips" but we know they weren't. We know what pita chips are and that wasn't chips, trust me. This was just plain hard pita bread. They offered to give us something else but we didn't wanna try anything else at that point.We didn't wanna complain anymore at that point because the servers probably work with what they have but their food just isn't good at all. The place was empty (even for Happy Hour, that should've been a red flag) but the servers were nice, though.$5happy hour=Five star disappointment.
5	Great music by Chuck E Baby. Good happy hour food. Nice place to relax.
