4	For the price, this hotel was very good. The bed was surprisingly very comfortable, my wife thought so too. Stayed there with kids too and they enjoyed the stay. The hotel has a heated pool, but we did not utilize it. The staff was friendly - we had very limited contact and no challenges for them to address. Location is good, about a block or more off Bell Road, so no road noise. Breakfast was average at best,  but for the price of this hotel it met the needs. Only drawback was that the hotel has very thin walls. Other than that, it was clean and comfortable stay. A few fast food places within easy walking distance and lots of shopping and restaurants just a mile away.I would stay here again. Hotel is a bargain and WAY better than other hotels in this price range.
4	I picked this hotel because I got a great deal on a two night stay. The place was very clean and nicely decorated, including the room. The staff were friendly, and I enjoyed the outdoor pool and jacuzzi. On the last morning of my stay, I was asked to go to the Quality Inn next door for breakfast. I thought that was a bit strange, but it was a hot breakfast and was pretty good.I would definitely stay here again if I needed to stay at a hotel in the area.
5	I wouldn't call this a 5-star luxury hotel, per se, but at $65 (priceline deal) a night for a double queen bed with free wifi, parking and continental breakfast, I'm not going to waste my time searching for complaints.  Let's focus on the good:1.  I stayed here with my three siblings.  Though the room was booked for only two adults and 4 adults were clearly staying, nobody harassed us to pay the extra cost per person.2.  Our room really was clean and fresh everyday, including fresh towels, nicely made beds, vacuumed floors and trash removal.  Honestly, it would be cheaper and less time consuming for me to live in this hotel than it is to live in my apartment.3.  Free breakfast.  OK, so they said 'hot breakast' which consists of coffee and a waffle iron, but the also have some cold food options, such as bagels, toast ,fruit or cereal.  I'm not going to turn up my nose at that cost.4.  Quick response to complaints.  One of our neighbors must have enjoyed the hotel party a bit too much because they threw vomit covered blankets in the hallway.  We complained and within 3 minutes they were gone.My recommendation?  If you are travelling to this area and need a comfortable and clean place to sleep, this is a satisfying option at a good price.
4	For $50.00 a night... you can't really ask for more...It had a microwave, a fridge, a couch, 2 TVs, a decent bathroom, another room where the bed was at, and most importantly..A blasting Air Conditioning.In 105 degree heat, i felt secure being in the hotel while waiting for my boyfriend to finish baseball games.They also have a complimentary continental breakfast and i had all the OJ i wanted in the world. Be careful with their toaster though. I had to redo by toasts as my first one got burnt.They have more tv channels than "another" hotel in the area. The only thing i don't like is the location. It's hard to get on Bell going to Grand ave as there are so much cars from both ways and there is not a turning lane in the middle.
4	@@ party of three men@@ Every thing is ok with this place . It is a little pricy though. Of course me specifically wanting this hotel I had to book at front desk and I ended up paying $80  per night and this is why it was rather expensive. I am sure it would have been a bargain had I used booking apps
1	My stay at this hotel was extremely disappointing. Expensive at $159, boasting of clean non-smoking building and free breakfast. The lobby is nice and that's about it. The elevator smelled of beer, the hallway reeked of stale smoke and the heater smelled of burnt hair. It was awful. The carpet was disgusting and while the shower was clean, the showerhead looked nasty.The breakfast was mediocre. In all, I would not recommend this place.
1	That crispy bitch in the front is a freak!This place was horrible. Rooms smelled of old cigarettes and burnt crispy hair. The bathroom floors were sticky. Roaches everywhere. It was a horrible stay I basically had to sleep with one eye open.
5	The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. Management was very friendly and came out and introduced himself and welcomed me. Thanked me for my business and was happy to have me. The room was very clean and in a great location.
2	My husband I stayed here for 4 nights recently.  The staff was very nice but I was very disappointed in the quality of the room.  The shower curtain rod in our room was almost falling off the wall to the point that the curtain would not stay shut while showering. The tub and sink drained very slowly. There was no light in part of the stairway so coming in at night it was hard to see in areas.  Also the outside stairway entrance was left open (tape wrapped around the push handle) and didn't require a room key to get in making it totally unsecure!!  We decided to go down and use the hot tub one night to find it barely warm.  After contacting the desk they offered to let us go use the hot tub at the neighboring sister hotel.  We were already cold and wet so didn't want to make the trek across the parking lot.Overall, not a good experience and would not stay here again.
