5	Not only was this store quaint, well-stocked, and well-priced, but it saved me from a thunderstorm.I was strolling around our neighborhood of downtown (or as close as it comes) Madison and stopped into this thrift store that I'd been eyeing for a few days. Not only was it much bigger on the inside, but the array was fantastic. There was a plethora of skirts, dresses, blouses, and gowns from the twenties to the seventies, all extremely reasonably priced. There were also shoes, purses, and jewelry displays plopped all over the store, every one of which enticed me fully. Since I was strolling, I hadn't brought my wallet, and was desperately trying to make a mental list of all the things I had to go back to purchase (which included a 70's down jacket for $8, a 50's nightgown for $16, and a yellow 50's dress for $12, among various purses that I just felt I "needed" to have). The place also has consignemnt pieces (lots of baby clothes & bags) and other local work, which was really exciting. I was just thrilled to find a reasonably priced vintage store.The other great thing was the woman running the shop. I came in to browse and not long after, my cellphone rang, wherein I talked to a crisis-riddled friend for a solid twenty minutes. By the time our conversation had gotten mid-apex, a huge thunderstorm had burst out and I was trapped, sans jacket, umbrella, and still wallet, a few blocks from home. I sat on a vintage chair and talked my friend through her traumatic day, and despite being the only person in the store who obviously was waiting out the rain, the owner (I assume) was ridiculously kind to me (I'm so used to mean salespeople who expect you to buy or leave!). I apologized for the extreme cellphone usage and bought a headscarf with the $5 I had in my pocket before leaving with my boyfriend, who rescued me with an umbrella. I  also promised her that I'd come back, which I absolutely will.
4	This store certainly does have fun cards with vintage prints. Not only that, but I like that the tags have specific info. on them on what era the pieces are from, such as dress labeled from the 1960s. I bought a lilac, floral Asian style dress for just 14 dollars from said era. Also picked up a cute grey leather purse (which thanks to the tag, I know it is from the 80s). The only downfall I would say are that many of their chic, fun clothes are size 8 and up, leaving petite girls disappointed.Does anyone know how often they re-stock their store with new merchandise?
5	I believe this place is closed..I could not find it and the phone # doesn't work.
4	Unfortunetly, this wonderful store is now closed. Stocked a wide array of sizes from all different decades at FAIR prices! Really a triple-threat in the way of vintage stores.
