4	I've been with them well over two years, going on nearly three now and I've never experienced any problems with the staff.  They're really helpful and really friendly.  They've helped me replace many a debit card and they helped me when my identity was stolen and bank account cleaned out with  no hassles.   From my own experience I want to give them a five for how awesome they've been, but if we have to be nitpicky I hate this locale because of the smelllllllllllll this particular branch has.  I'm a guy, but this place smells horrendous it's like a mixture of old, paint and pesticide smell.  It's tough to bear and it hits your nostrils immediately upon entering.  I'm not one to complain, but I know I can't be the only one to experience this.  I'll give 'em  a 4 of 5 though.  Aside from the smell, their customer service more than makes up for the stench these poor people  go through on the daily.
1	This weekend my dog had an accident fractured his jaw in two places and his nasal cavity and under his left eye. My puppy needed surgery, I rushed him to an emergency clinic, $700 bill there. Paid it with my One Nevada debit card. We had to transfer my puppy to the emergency surgery clinic on Durango, which was a great emergency clinic. I was going to have to leave my puppy overnight which was expected and he was going to have surgery the following morning. So I had to pay for his overnight care, and the low estimate for the surgery. The first bill was $684, then for surgery $2,200. When I tried to run my One Nevada Debit card again it was coming up DECLINED. So I called One Nevada fraud protection alert to clear the charges, they asked me to verify charges, and I had let them know I will be making two charges right now so I need the card to be activated. The person I talked to said it "Should work now, if not call your financial institution" Well its Saturday evening, and One Nevada is closed on the weekends. I had the card run again and still did not go through, so we waited 5 minutes before  trying again; of course no luck. I called the Fraud protection number again, they asked me to verify more charges even further back, I explained I need the card to work now; this is an emergency. The person sounded like the same person I talked to previously, continued to say if it doesn't work contact your financial institution. Are you kidding ME??? The card did not work. If all of my money is on one card with more than enough to pay the hospital bills it should work when I need it. I tried transferring money to my credit card, but that won't clear for 2-3 business days. So ONE NEVADA has all my money and I cannot use it in an emergency situation because they are closed on weekends and their Fraud Protection cant reactivate my card. I understand the point of the fraud protection.. Your protecting me, but when I need my money I should be able to use it. Especially in an emergency situation where the life of my family member is at risk. It's safe to say I will be pulling all my money out of my account. I would really hate for this to happen to anyone else.I was able to use another credit card Thank God!!!!!
5	Awesome credit union..friendly, fast and when you lock yourself out of your online banking they don't laugh..at least not the first timeI have been with them for 5 years and tell my friends that need an account to go and see Linda at Blue Diamond, she is the bestDiane Davis
1	PROS:1. Gr8 bill pay system. Money leaves act by 2pm. 2. Immediate debit card issued with full name. CONS1. Their ATM's often swallow deposits, malfunction. 2. Good luck if u have a merchant dispute. 0 help.3. This bank & customer SVC r mon-fri 9-6pm. 4. Their booths offer no privacy. 5. They re-arrange transactions n trigger overdraft $.6. Their fraud protection sux. Will call from blocked #7. Unnecessary fees n charges even when at Fault. 8. Long waits at the branch centres.9. Prolonged wait times for holds to clear.10. Extreme predatory lending. 11. False hope. Probably won't finance your car.12. Unfriendly customer Service reps. Mean faces. 13. Their online banking could use an update. 14. Too few branches. A few have closed. 15. Limited options to customize cards n accounts.
5	Great experience at this location. I walked in to inquire about opening an account because I heard it is advantageous to belong to a credit union. Staff was extremely polite and friendly. They took their time explaining their programs and options available. Even better was the short wait time!
5	I had questions and concerns. The staff could not have been more accommodating and informativeVery happy with the service and respect I received. Five stars!!!!!!
5	I can say enough good things about this branch. I recently got hit with fraud on my account, and was notified as soon as it happened. I went in and talked to Linda.  She helped and answered all my question to the t. I am very happy to be banking with this credit union. Thank you very much
