4	Great new addition to Lawrenceville. No more having to walk your dog around Friendship Park or going all the way over to Frick. This park is located right underneath the 40th street bridge along the river. There are two seperate sides to this dog park so if you wanted to train your dog on one side for less of a distraction and have them play on the other the option is there! The only thing I wish this park had was a trash can and a fountain then it would be awesome!
5	So since my last review the park has rules and signs, and drinking bowls (they're chained to the goddamn fence people you can't steal them). No more bringing those cheaply made bowls from Rite Aid that get looted after you forget to take them with you.
5	Lawrenceville is already pretty dog-friendly but this dog park is a fantastic addition to the area, down by Three Rivers Heritage trail near the 40th street bridge. There's separate areas for medium/big dogs and small/infirm dogs. I really like that the big area has a small forested area that the pups can explore, rather than having cleared out all the natural foliage.So far, the dogs and owners have been well-behaved when we've visited. Everyone's pleasant and it's great to talk dog-shop with other owners while the boys and girls socialize (ie, sniff various body parts).
5	Long-awaited and totally living up to expectations, Napoleon (my pug mix) and I give two paws and two enthusiastic thumbs up, respectively. With too many dog-owners unable to follow the rules at the OLEA in Frick, and Mellon Park hosting awesome dogs and their humans but not "technically" an Off-Leash Exercise Area, the East End peeps and our pooches needed Bernard Dog Run.It's a little hard to find; right before crossing the 40th Street Bridge to 28 veer to the right.  Follow that road to the ample parking lot.  From there, you'll walk along the river (past the painted kayaks) and you will see the dog run.  The entrance is in the middle of the run for all/large dogs and small dogs.Water bowls are provided. Bring your own clean-up bags and water.  Also, it's cold down by the river, so bundle up you and your canine if enjoying the run during our Burgh winters.I'll see you there!
5	This place has been a godsend for us. Our now 9 month old Great Dane, Martha, loves it down there and has an absolute blast running back and forth and rolling around with the other dogs. Everyone, both people and dogs, are friendly and really make visiting a fun time.
5	Fitzgerald loves the Lawrenceville dog park! Unlike other dog parks in town, the mulch is great for keeping muddy areas at bay.  The size for running is perfect.  You can catch us there at least 5 days a week! I wish it had a little more tree coverage for shade for those earlier dog park days...
5	We have never taken our dog to a dog park, so we figured we would try it out. It was a little bit difficult to find, so we just started walking on the trail at 40th street and eventually found it. I liked how there was a double gate to get in to keep the dogs protected from getting out easily. The park has so much space and toys for them to play with and run. There are also two areas which was great. Our dog wasn't extremely friendly (she's an only child and doesn't know how to share) so we unfortunately had a short trip. The other dog moms were great though and very understanding. Hopefully we will be back in the future!
1	Well this dog park, like so many in the city, has been ruined by irresponsible dog owners. Owners insist on letting their dogs run off-leash on the trail leading up to the off-leash area. Many people use this trail, including bikers, hikers, and walkers, as well as fellow dog owners who don't want random dogs running up to them. A beautiful, well-maintained, ample off-leash space was built for us to enjoy; we don't need to take over the trail, too!
