5	I am so surprised no one has rated this place. Pastor Lee's messages always have a profound relevancy to life and the current issues my husband and I are facing. We moved away from Arizona over 4 years ago, yet I still miss this church tremendously. (I did recently discover the ability to listen to the sermons online... thank you Radiant!) Oh, and it certainly can be said we laugh always with the light spirit in which Pastor Lee conveys the word! He is funny, and up-to-date with technology and the times. So very grateful for that!God bless the Radiant pastors and community!
5	First of all, I need to mention that I am one who wants to go to church but the idea of it used to bore me half to death. I went to Radiant only because my sister-in-law begged me to go with her. Let's just say-- I have been going every weekend ever since. There are too many wonderful things to say about this church to list them all here. First of all-- Pastor Lee is AMAZING. He is current, funny, relevant and he is the real deal. He shares his own life experiences and makes it clear that he does not think that he is better than anyone else. I have a 6-month-old and a 20-month-old and they both attend the free childcare that is provided. They both LOVE it. It was a little tough at first but the staff is very professional and wonderful with my babies. They even give me a pager so if one of them is having a tough time they can let me know ASAP. The baby classes are separated by young babies (pre-crawlers), crawlers, walkers 12-18 months, 18 -24 months and the 2-year-old room. I think it is awesome that there is some separation so I don't have to worry about older babies mowing my 6-month-old down. They even have a room for children with special needs which, according to a friend of mine with a handicapped son, is excellent. Everything about this church is amazing and I get so excited for the weekends so that I can go and see what Pastor Lee has to teach me.
4	My family and I went here for one of their Christmas Eve Candlelight Services. They offered 2, 3:30, and 5:30pm services. Everyone who greeted us were very friendly! The chapel area was very large and spacious. They have a coffee shop and seating area, which is a nice touch. The program was uplifting and well organized. I enjoyed their use of various media to keep the audience engaged.
5	I've been going here off and on for 2 years.  This is the most welcoming church, and one of the most welcoming places I've ever been to.  I normally wear shorts and a t-shirt, or workout pants and a football jersey to church.  I always feel comfortable here.  You may not be a Christian, and you may not consider yourself the best of people.  This place will be welcoming to you.  It's a great place to link with the community and meet people.  You can blend in alone in a large sunday service like I do sometimes, and worship God/hang out quietly.  Or you can link up with family/friends/strangers, and raise your hands in the air like you just don't care concert style!  Plenty of event choices from larger scale to small group meetings.  Counseling options include an immediate free general intake counseling session that will provide you with non-judgmental listening and feedback, and refer you to appropriate subsequent action such as counseling or materials.At church services they often give out krispy kreme donuts and coffee for free!  The church also includes one of the nicest cafe's in Surprise, great food/drink options at very reasonable prices.The sermons are 25 to 30 minutes, and include plenty of entertaining stories and jokes.  Pastor Lee's comedic timing is as good as Jay Leno or any other pro comedian I've seen.  A very warm, friendly, charismatic guy that possibly cries a little too often during sermons (his heart is honest and definitely devoted to people), but also definitely has an underlying "tough" guy edge.The music is modern, and blends between slow heartfelt ballads to just completely rocking.  The performance is on a professional, star level.  No joke.  It's almost always like being at a very good concert.This is a Bible based, non-denominational Christian church.  Some conservative characters may find the church too liberal.  I'm a fairly conservative person myself, and this church is liberal in areas that line up with God's word.  I feel strongly it is not liberal where it shouldn't be.  For example, inappropriate attire (such as wearing a bikini) would not be judged, but dealt with as in any other public realm legally.  If you want to dress up in a suit, sit down during songs, and not sing- then no problem.  Highly conservatives are welcome too.  But if you want to listen to pipe organ music, mumble hymns from 1842, and listen to 3 hour sermons then this church isn't for you (not that there's anything wrong with that).  I find the church to be very Biblical grounded in serving, loving one another, and adhering to God's word.I hope to become more involved in the church, along with my family.  If you're ever looking to visit or looking to get more involved, holler @ me and we'll go for it together.  The kids care is on another level.  Grouped by age and a label.  Such as 6 to 12 month crawlers, or 18 month to 24 month walkers.  The care is so good, I won't even get into details. My favorite part is the large windows in each care area where I can watch, but the kids can't see me.  So cool!I've listened to around 50 of Pastor Lee's sermons live or on mp3 available at the website.  www.radiantchurch.com
5	Just an amazing church. From Praise & Worship to the Message. My family has been looking for a church close to us and we found it.
5	I have been to a few different churches and have to say radiant is the best one that I have been too. The people here are so welcoming and their involvement in the community is great. If your looking for a church this is a place to check out.
