5	Yes! Yogurtology rocks....yummy good.
4	I took my 6-year-old son here for his first taste of frozen yogurt.  There is only one size of cup to choose from, and that is a little inconvenient.  You have to make sure you don't fill it to the top.  I had chocolate, and my son had a mix of cake batter, red velvet cake batter, and oreo.  They were all good.  In addition to those flavors, they had vanilla, tart, butterfinger, pomegranate, and a couple others I can't quite remember.  There were a lot of toppings to choose from.  Chocolate chip cookies, cut up moon pie, dark chocolate, white chocolate, and milk chocolate chips, karob chips, sugar free chocolate pieces, mochi, colored mochi, every crushed up candy bar you can imagine, lots of fruits, 4-5 different syrups, gummy bears, gummy worms, sour gummy twizzlers, gigantic marshmallows, and whipped cream.  There were many more things, but I can't quite remember them all.  It was the largest selection I've seen, but I'm pretty new to AZ and haven't had experience with that many frozen yogurt shops.  The employees were really helpful.  Everything was spotlessly clean, and the yogurt was really great.  We will be back.
5	Yogurtology is my favorite self serve fro yo place. The quality of their product beats out the competition....creamy and not icy, the flavors are rich and tasty. Even the sugar free flavors are delish. Best topping selection, tons of syrup options and its all very clean. No complaints about anything here, will keep coming back!
5	I have tried many self serve yogurt places and I'll have to say this is the best one. The quality of their ingredients is much better than the other places. I like the variety of each flavor and they always change it up which is nice. The topping choices are endless and the price is just what I would like it to be. I should probably clear up some bad reviews some people have posted. First off, there's one cup size for a reason. You can have as little or as much as you want. Hence, the name "self-serve" If that's an inconvenience to you, then you probably shouldn't be going there at all. It upsets me when people bash places like these. It's a great idea and I'm sticking to this place. Plus, its close to me house!
3	I had heard about this opening up, but never came in til today. They need to work on the customer service. I had no idea how this place worked, so it was a little confusing at first. There was a young women who asked me if I would like a sample, but not if I had ever been in before. Its like BULK frozen yogurt. One giant cup is weighed at the cash register. Common sense says "Dont fill this bad boy up!" This is very hard, but not impossible. My son and I shared a cup and it was perfect!
4	Better than yogutine.
5	Best self service frozen yogurt I have had in the valley!  I end up going at least once a week.  The flavors change out sometimes even as often as daily which is great because there is always something you like and something new to try.  Plus you can't beat having some probiotics in your yogurt, haven't seen that from any of the others yet.  Would recommend this place to all who love frozen yogurt!  Plus they have a great rewards program.
5	There are so many fro-yo places, so you begin to think everything is just the same!This place is entirely different, becaue the oatmeal cookie yogurt really tastes like oatmeal cookies! The tiramisu, spicy banana mango, and birthday cake are more unique flavors that you don't see all that often. They have a deal going on right now if you check into Facebook and show them, they will give you 20% off your yogurt!They've won me over all too easily! Go here, you won't regret it!
5	perfect to go with the sweetness that toches your lips! YOGURTOLOGY trendy, fun, modern and gets PERFECT place to bring anyone from a date to +3 children or an elderly grandparnet.
1	Overall it was not very good. The employees were rude and noone helped me out when I needed a question. Though there oatmeal cookie yogurt was decent I will be going to the Yogurtini on happy valley from now on.
1	Very disappointed in the two girls working here tonight. Most of the toppings were put away by the time we got there @ 9:40 pm. Plain frozen yogurt tonight for the kids. They did not offer any samples and we had to eat in the car since the chairs were already put away. Drive a little farther and go to either Razzleberriez (awesome service and open until 11 pm), or the Yogurtology in Arrowhead.
4	Love this place!  Wonderful selection of low-fat, flavorful yogurt!  Every topping and then some available to add a few more delectable calories to a fantastic dessert!  Love the cake batter, root beer, and especially the salted caramel.
5	Great yogurt and great customer service.  We have been here a few times and every time has been a very good experience.  We will continue to make regular visits here.   Even the prices are good
5	This yogurt place is like no other!!! There are do many flavor choices! I like that they always have my favorite available, cake batter, of course ;) my daughter enjoys a special treat after school and this never fails to satisfy her sweet tooth! I have NEVER been to a yogurt place this clean! Would highly recommend trying it out, but be warned...you'll be hooked!!!
