3	Located at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway, the Mario Andretti Racing School offers would be racers the chance to indulge their fantasy of being an Indy race car driver.  Options range from a quick 6 lap session to a multi-session course involving racing against other drivers.  I chose something a little less intense - the champ ride.  Instead of driving, one rides as a passenger in a two person, open wheel, Indy-style car, with a claimed top speed of 180 mph.As a non-driver, there was virtually no preparation.  Sign a release, get your picture taken, put on a helmet, and you're off on three quick laps around the track.  I think I heard that the actual top speed that day was 145 mph.The speed is mildly interesting, but cornering is awesome.  It's actually painful being pushed so hard into the side of the car, and it's hard to believe the car can stick to the track cornering so hard.  My neck muscles had to tense up each time we cornered.  I don't see how drivers do it for hundreds of laps, at even higher speeds.  What a blast!  It's not really worth the money, but what the heck.  It's quite an experience.
1	Well, as I sit here with the heater on in my car waiting for my name to be called, I wonder why I got here at 5:30pm, watched a 45 minute video and now have waited over almost 2 hours! The classes are too full and they offer no way for them to contact you when you are up and also are told not to ask when your name will be called. It is very cold and so we sat in our rental car hoping that we wouldn't miss his name being called. This was my boyfriends birthday present and just wished they were more accomidating for $600 bucks.
4	I did the driving package and I can say it was worth every penny. The only reason I give a 4 star is because the pcitures did not include me in the car. But still I got a certificate with my top speed of 154.43 faster then the expected 150, although not by much. If there is one thing I have to give them credit for, it is all the training and info they give you to make you feel comfortable. Needless to say I was a little nervous. No Instructor car to follow. It was just me, my car,  and the track. I was the last to go so I had it all to myself. When I got on the back straight and accelerated on to the track, my first thought was OH S***T!! What did I get myself into. I was heading to the first turn and thought I was going to crash but they have these white dots on the track you stay between. I headed through the dots and was  in shock at how well the car was gripping to the track. At this point my confidence in the car was up. I floored it, hitting the rev limiter more then once. I felt like I was in a qualifying lap. Going into the next turn I was screaming with glee as my spot man on the radio was giving commands.  Kept responding with a "10-4" as instructed and then the spotter saw I was comfortable and just let me enjoy the ride. I was going so quick and being the last one the guy told me to take an extra lap as they cleared the pits. I was joyous because it allowed me to get a little faster. Then sadly I heard the checkered flag command and had to begin slowing down.For any Gearhead this is something they must experience.  I will be back too, because that staff was so freindly and able to answer any qusetion you have. Due note that if you do this and the helmet is loose, make sure you get a nother one. My buddy had a loose one and he said the helmet dropped down and he had to correct it on the track. Not something you want to deal with going 140mph in an open wheel car.Oh and one more thing, when you start and you are told to pop the clutch and that thing fires up. It might just scare last nights dinner out of you.
5	I did the 8 minute drive (Indy car) at Kentucky Motor Speedway and it was the most exhilerating thing I've ever done.  Check in was a bit slow but after that everything moved along fine.  Main thing to remember (which they try to beat into your head before you drive) is to trust that your car will stick to the track in the turns, even at top speed (I hit 157.21, at least according to the certificate that I got afterwards).  I have no idea how many laps I got in because it was so intense and I was focused on being where my spotter wanted me to be.  It's a lot of money based on a per minute rate but if you enjoy speed, you should do this at least once in your life.
1	Terrible customer service. My wife bought me a $400 package for Christmas. I made a reservation right away for May 2. Something came up at work so I couldn't make it. They had an opening on May 5 so I tried to switch dates. I called 3 weeks in advance and they would not switch the dates. $400 for NOTHING!!!As a follow up, they contacted me after I made this initial review. They are going to allow me to change dates if I pay a $50 change fee. So, I can either pay the $50 or lose my $400. I am changing the dates. I'll try and follow up after the event.
