5	Always Running is a privately owned appliance repair service.  Vernon worked for Whirlpool for approximately 19 years and decided to go out on his own.  I had two refrigerators and a dish washer repaired by Vernon and am completely satisfied with the cost of and quality of the repairs.  His repairs are done in a timely fashion and Vernon also provides accurate estimates of what the repairs will cost.I will continue to use Always Running for all of my appliance repairs both now and in the future.
5	Had an issue with the dryer heating coil this time. Vernon had it up and running in 30 minutes. Works like a charm.
5	Always Running saved the day.  We have an older model GE double oven and the lock had malfunctioned.  It would not reopen or release after it had gone through a cleaning cycle.  Fortunately, Vernon Dunlap at Always Running came to our rescue.  We had been told by a previous repairman for a different problem that  our model oven was obsolete and very difficult to get parts for repairs.  We called Vernon and he came out asap and diagnosed the problem.  He gave us the option of repairing it or buying a new set of ovens which would have been costly and difficult.  We are also limited with the space for the ovens.We decided to have Vernon try to get the part.  He was able to get one and repaired the safety lock on the oven.  We are now back in business and saved a lot of money in the process.We believe that Always Running does a great job that you can trust and is priced reasonably.  Vernon is very friendly and very neat.  Our suggestion to anyone who has large appliance problems is to call Always Running.
5	Always running came to look at two of our appliances that were giving us problems recently.  Vernon was extremely knowledgeable and even researched our products prior to his visit. He provided us with a lot of great information and options.  I felt he was very honest with us and would definitely recommend Always running repair to anyone.  We will definitely be calling Always running repair for any future repair needs, you should too!
