4	Harbor Freight is always a mixed bag, and you just have to know what you are buying.  Either research it, or assume it's cheap and disposable.  There are lots of gems and lots of junk too.  All of my air tools have really held up well for many years, despite being half the price (or less) compared to name brands.  I have a $180 utility trailer that has held up over many years and thousands of miles.  The hand tools vary in quality, and the handheld power tools tend towards the junkier side, but usable usually.  Forget buying the cheap welders and such.One great thing though is that they will take anything back--no questions asked--for the first 30 days.
4	Go here, before you go to the big chain stores. The tools are half the price are decent in quality. I've had the same Tiger saw for six years!
5	What can I say? Like FRY's Electronics for homeowners!  I love this place and have trouble getting out for less than $100:)The warranties ae great, but I'v never had to use one. I have bought : Large compressor, Circular Saw, Angle Cutting Tool, Dremel, Saber-saw, Drill, 3 AIR Nailers, and noone have failed.Also buy tools, rubber gloves, my electronic shooting earmuffs, safety glasses, and many, many items for my garden such as hoses, splitters, rake, hoe, drip systems, etc.GREAT DEALS!R
2	Pretty bad customer service, I don't think anyone over the age of 16 works here.  Place always seems busy which is good for them but makes it impossible to get any help.  I needed help getting an item off the shelf and into my car and was told someone would help me. Nobody ever came so I had to do it myself.  Lucky for me some nice person in the parking lot saw me struggling and helped.
2	Took me 20 minutes to find what I needed - just a small package of rare earth magnets. Came in when they were busy so it was hard to get a hold of someone to help me, which is understandable. However, if the store was organized in a way that made sense, I wouldn't have needed any help. Rare earth magnets? Not in the section marked "magnets." Another customer helped me locate them... Next to the scissors. I would say I won't be back but Home Depot doesn't carry rare earth magnets... So I guess Harbor Freight may get another chance to impress me.
