5	The best thing about this facility is that all the pools are connected.  That's a huge plus for me.  I can get to my kids without ever having to leave and re-enter separate pools.They have two waterslides, a lazy river, a whirpool, and a playground structure in a zero depth area that shoots out water from every which way. They even have these underwater benches that you can sit and rest on while watching your kids... That's excellent for a dad that has to keep an eye out for two daughters.What's not to like about this place?  I can't think of a single thing.
5	Stay far away.  I don't need to be sharing a lap lane with another swimmer while I'm trying to get my mile on.This place is perfect.  Perfect location (I can bike to here, and then bike to work), perfect amount of swim lanes (usually will be two to a lane, but I've seen a trio working one), perfect price when you buy a punch card, great lifeguards, and they have showers.
5	Friendly staff, clean, good music (no country usually), lots of areas for everyone.
3	My Alma Mater! I used to love coming here in high school out of convenience, and what else do you do when you can't drive in the middle of the sweltering summers in AZ? When discussing everything this pool has to offer (2 water slides, 2 diving boards, a lazy river, a whirlpool, and a big kids play area?! Sign me up!), it sounds like an amazing oasis of entertainment and relaxation. The reality is is that this is a small pool that is ridiculously crowded all weekend long. It packs a lot of punch, and there is a lot to do, but the lines are usually pretty long and you can't swim underwater for more than a foot or two without someone stepping on you! Overall, the price is right and it will surely fill up a day if you've got some kids in tow, but it is certainly not relaxing. Definitely a family establishment. But it's clean, and let's be honest: that's all that really matters, isn't it?
5	good clean family fun, close to home and CHEAP! Compared to going to Sun Splash or Big Surf, sure it's not a mega park, but close, cheap, clean, and fun for the kids. We have our own backyard pool, this is a fun change of venue that won't break you.
5	Great little water park.  It can get pretty busy on the weekends but during the week it is pretty comfortable. Chill lifeguards that's do their job and keep the kids safe. Really great sloped entry into the pool makes it easy for little ones. Lazy river and whirlpool are the kids favorites.
5	Awesome community pool! We really enjoyed the slides and I couldn't keep the kids out of the vortex. Great music too!!
