5	This place is awesome, I love this place because it is family run, they operate the market with good old fashion values and service. I will always support you as long as you have the Boars Head brand.
5	Awesome! So lovely and a great find right downtown!
4	Put me in a Whole Foods and I'm buying $200 worth of food I'll never eat. Bring me to WCM hungry and I walk out $20 later with everything I need, not anything more (OK, fine I bought some stuffed peppers that weren't necessary). There's the perfect store for everybody and I think this one might just be for me. Beer selection? Solid. Liquor/wine? Yes AND a tasting area. Deli section...all boars head. It's def a NY thing, but I love Boars Head anything. Fresh pastas, small organic veggie isle, kombucha, lots of cheeses and sammies to go. That's it and that's all I need. I'm not gonna 5-star this puppy yet bc I need to try some of the other foods they have (deli, freshly prepared stuff), but for my small grocery shopping needs this place fits the bill perfectly. Anyone living downtown should stop by!
5	I finally made it down to grab a sandwich. What a great sandwich!! I had the turkey and bacon, with vinegar dressing. I will have to make this on my weekly rotation now for places to eat. The sandwich is so big you could eat half for lunch and the rest for dinner.
3	Ok. Getting over the exciting fact of finding a place where I can pick up some groceries on my way home from the strip, I have to post an update after a few more visits to WCM. It's, well, not that great. There's one aisle that still has empty shelves, the peppers were soft and approaching their death beds (in fact, most of the produce was iffy), the cereal I bought was easily $2-3 more than a similar cereal at TJ's. I still love the expansive Boars Head aisle, but it's gonna take more than packaged processed meats to keep me coming back here. Not to call anyone out, but don't believe the pics posted about the veggie section. Most of those items are not there. And this isn't to bash a biz, especially one that treats locals well, but let's be honest in our pics and reviews. There's a lot of promise here, but for now, WCM is still half bodega, half organic market (will a killer beer aisle).
3	Had a chance to stop by the White Cross Market on my way home from work.  The deli is exceptional.  I had a pastrami and melted mozzarella sandwich.... there are reasons why I always order the same thing!  It was delicious and I would definitely return to eat the same thing.  There are a lot of items to be purchased in the supermarket, perfect for a stop before a picnic.  I did buy a pint of Ben and Jerry's that ended up being over frozen and lost it's creamy texture so I threw it out.I felt a little uncomfortable visiting the location at such a late hour by myself, but it won't stop me from coming back.
5	A wonderful delicatessen.  Just finished the  #9 Oscars and I am happy and stuffed. The place is clean, well organized with decent liquor selection and regular grocery store items. Well worth the stop. I am Brooklyn raised, thanks for a taste of home.
5	Ordered meat and cheese platters for a party. Got a delicious Italian tray and a tray with turkey and pastrami. Both were great, and there was plenty of food for a lot of people.
4	This place is old school. Been around for such a long time. I go in here for some sandwiches  from their deli. The Royal Flush is the best hands down. They have like 12 other selections to choose or build your own...either way it's great.While I wait for my sandwich I check out their beer selection, it's not the normal boring crap. If you don't want to wait for the grub call ahead, or have it delivered.
3	This little market has a little bit of everything. A deli, fresh produce, liquor and some slots. The fruit isn't always the freshest, it's a hit or miss each visit.Its perfect if you're staying at the north end of the strip, it's close to pick up some quick groceries
3	They have a little of everything. Kinda the place you pick something up if you need it for a meal but it's very small to do your weekly shopping at. Prices are a little high in my eyes & the produce isn't very fresh. They have good prices on smokes & booze.
4	The sandwiches are amazing. Omg, beer sampling. This place has a huge beer selection, but you've heard all that before. What you may not know is the hummus from the deli is AMAZING it's homemade by Jimmy's (?) mom. It's lemony and garlicky, pure heaven. Don't forget to ask for the local discount upon check out.
4	Excellent beer selection - Belgian & IPAs. Talk to Jimmy for recommendations, he knows his stuff!
3	This place is all about convenience; not a convenience store such as 7-11 but more like a mini-grocer that also has wine, liquor and beer.  No store in Las Vegas is complete without the ever present booze aisle and this place is no exception.Don't come in here expecting vast rows of every item you may need.  Do come in here for friendly service and a quick check out process.  This place is not for the weekly shopping that one must do if you cook at home unless you have limited tastes and recipes to work with.  White Cross is more like a small version of Costco in that you get one or two selections of just about everything but not a whole lot of variety.  The deli here is sufficient for picking up a quick sandwich or some items for a BBQ and one of the main reasons I visit is for their decent craft beer selection.  For a sawbuck you can walk out with a hand selected 6-pack of your choosing from a fairly extensive cooler of bottled beer.  Grab an empty six pack holder (conveniently located next to the beer cooler), choose your selection of six and you're set up for success.  I haven't really inspected the wine selection in depth but it looks to be competent; I just really don't drink wine at home.To me it would be difficult to complete weekly or monthly shopping by solely going here.  I attempted this once and found myself having to go to Whole Foods and then Target to complete all of my routine purchases; so much for convenience when I ended up spending twice the amount in fuel driving all over town.  Such is life living in the urban jungle...until something better comes along this place will do just fine in a pinch.If you aren't on foot, parking is a no-brainer since they have a fairly large private lot, unlike many urban markets I've been to in the past.
5	Called in ahead to see if they had a beer that I can't get in California. They did. Owners and employees were pleasant and helpful. Will go back for sure next time I'm in town. They also have a deli inside but I didn't sample that.
4	Awesome little spot. They have a great selection of booze wine beer plus a fresh deli and produce section. We had a kitchen where we were staying so we wanted to pick up some groceries but we didnt want to go too far. This place carries a lot more than I expected it would. The prices are good too for where it is.
4	Standing where the legendary White Cross Drugs once stood this neighborhood market has everything you could ever need. Booze, grocery, fresh deli, butcher shop and frozen foods. All in one stop as you make your way thru this forgotten hood of Las Vegas.
5	Beer selection is awesome and the employees were very helpful and friendly. I would highly recommend this place if you need to purchase any grocery items.
3	I miss my funky, old, hipster Deli's back East & the White Cross Market may fill that void for me. The sandwiches seem alright, there are better in DTLV for sure, but that is by no means saying these are lackluster sammiches. They are really good, I can tell that they cut corners with cheap rolls though.  "Sad Face" is what the young Deli-girl would say.It HAS to be noted these guys have a BALLER craft beer selection. Seriously respectable for here in the Valley. I'm not as much into wines, as I used to be but noticed they have well thought out selection.  Defintely a better shop than sandwhich shop.It is also a little market with this n' that's, not enough for a full on grocery visit, but I imagine if you need an onion & some angel hair, last minute & live in the hood this is a good stop. Side note-While you can play slots & video poker until you're flat broke & busted,  you CAN'T enjoy one of the many single 12oz bottles of beer they have on premises.Gotta love Vegas. (No you don't)
