5	U love spicy food and chciken...u gonna love this spot...
5	Never thought to get fried chicken korean style! Bomb! A must have is the chicken with the Korean sauce on it.
5	This chicken place is the bomb! The original sauce is great and the hot sauce was good too. The chicken wing batter was nicely seasoned and cooked well.
1	I'll keep this short and to the point. I just had bad turkey a few days ago = food poisoning. Came here out of curiosity since I was in the area. I looked at the menu...and saw raw chicken sitting on the counter. GROSS! I don't need another bout of food poisoning so I left. Obviously, the 5-star reviews here are fake. Hide your kids!
5	Love this place! Been waiting for a Korean chicken restaurant to come to vegas! Well worth the wait.
1	I ordered Chicken Katsu from Han's Chicken Saturday evening. My family ordered from another establishment a couple minutes before. Their food arrived and was consumed. They were done for almost 10 minutes before my food even came out.While waiting, I saw a tank top wearing dishwasher spending a lot of time in the Han's Chicken kitchen, there is no way this is sanitary.My food finally came out... what a disappointment. First of all, I requested no cabbage salad with the meal. I specifically asked for chicken and rice, only. They couldn't even get that simple request handled. Next, I ordered Chicken katsu. Katsu sauce is a ketchup based sauce. I received fried chicken with brown gravy. Their menu states a special sauce, not a gravy. If they gave clear descriptions of what the food offerings are, I could have saved $10 and not ordered food. The gravy is funky tasting and was not appetizing. Won't be eating there again, unless I feel adventurous and try one of their pizzas.
3	I was at the Greenland foodcourt and wanted to try all the spots here since they're all new vendors. I figured I'd start on the right most, and just work my way stall by stall. Now I'm glad I didn't read the reviews before eating or I may have skipped it. I got the Korean chicken nugget meal with green onion which comes with miso soup, cabbage salad, white radish, rice. It was a pretty good portion, more than enough. The chicken was crispy and didn't get soggy with the sauce, even when I took it home. I chose the soy garlic sauce and it's like kalbi or hawaii soy glaze which was decent, but needed more garlic flavor. There were chunks of sweet potato mixed into the chicken nuggets as well and green onion on the side. It didn't say anywhere it's garnished with sesame seeds and crushed peanuts so if you have a allergy to nuts, you may want to tell them.The white radish was fine, miso is standard, cabbage was fine but they put thousand island which is sort've sweet and I didn't like. It took a while to get my food, but I guess I rather it be fresh and made to order than refried frozen nuggets. I would probably eat here again but stick with these nuggets or wings.
