4	My first and last experience true surfing experience before coming to Surfset LV was a disaster at the beach so needless to say, my interaction with anything surf-related since has been limited strictly to the Internet or with accompanying turf. So when I signed up for a trial class here at this new boutique fitness studio, I surprised even myself at how quickly I was willing to get back on a board. Surfset is a new boutique fitness studio that designs its classes around a stationary surfboard that essentially sits on three rubber balls, meaning you have to work to stay balanced all the while integrating Pilates moves with bicep curls, push-ups, yoga positions, etc. depending on the class you take, with four types being offered. + BALANCE - a yoga/Pilates-inspired class to improve flexibility+ BUILD - a strengthening class utilizing resistance bands + BURN - a quicker paced, higher intensity class with faster + BLEND - a combination of all of the aboveI took a Build class with Jason and a Balance class with Jennifer, both of which I could definitely feel my body being challenged just trying to stay stabilized on the board while combining the movements of the class itself. Being trial classes, however, meant that not only were we trying the classes for the first time, but the instructors were testing out their lesson plans too, and therefore very open to feedback about how the class went and how to tweak it for the future. Hours of operation are currently up in the air as the owner(s) gauge guest response, but the general idea right now is to start the day's first class at 6a and possibly end with classes as late as 10p. Pricing for the most part is $20/class (each is around 50min or so), with a 6-class package at $100. Monthly membership will also be available, but the actual price tag is still TBD - hopefully the cost will also be based on client feedback like the hours! :) This looks like a great complement to cardio training to tone and strengthen, but if it is too expensive I can see it being a deterrent - it definitely seems like a place you can start to see results from, but only from attending on a consistent basis.
5	Unique, Fun and FANTASTIC full body work out.  Sandy K.'s comment below best describes Surfset's functionality.  I took the beginners class with Jason and to be honest I was not sure what I was getting into but I knew that it was going to be different from any classes I am currently taking (Yoga/Pilates).  I took one of the test classes and enjoyed ever minute. I wasn't sure I was going to be able to balance and focus on all the exercises but it was easier to balance than I anticipated and exercising while on the board balancing were definitely a different kind of work out.  I didn't feel it until the next day but I had worked out more in the one class at Surfset than I had in any other of my classes I take at my current gym. You don't feel it because your so focused on balancing as opposed to the workout.  I felt it was great that in one of the exercises (hopping onto the board from the floor) I was, lets say not brave enough to try but Jason had shown us a work around for those not comfortable to do so.  He gave us great instructions with every new move while explaining the name of each move to help reference in future and more advanced classes.  I love the concept and for someone who works out often I can say for sure these classes are fun, unique and a great workout.  They are still working on finalizing the details on class schedules and pricing and I am sure once it is up I will check back and drop another comment.  Till then keep this in mind if your tired of the same old work out and the only change being the music, this work out will keep you on your toes and helps with focus!  Looking forward to the classes to start!!
5	This class brings new meaning to Riding Giants. How awesome to be able to have an intense surf workout smack dab in the middle of the desert?! It's tight, dude.At first you will feel completely uncoordinated, but not to worry, so does everybody else. You have to get familiar with the board and the rhythm of the board. When I say rhythm I mean the shakiness. The board shakes and it is your core's duty to control it. I fell on my arse in front of the class within the first ten minutes, but it's all good. Once you get the hang of it this class is a blast!We did squats, push-ups, down dog and jump up on the board like you are actually catching a wave. It would be hard to not have fun in this class. They offer several different class options. One with resistance bands, a cardio one, and a combination of both. They offer single sessions, a package of sessions, monthly unlimited and annual unlimited. You can also have private sessions if you wish so then you look like a Surf Pimp in the class and show us all up. Overall I am super stoked about this gym and the Instructors. It may not be the O.P. Open and Kelly Slater may not be dripping his sweet ocean water sweat juice on me, but I am still all over Surfset!
4	Cowabunga dude!Surfset provides a fun and unique way to get sweaty. Essentially, you are doing basic workout moves but on an unstable surface in the form of a surfboard. The surfboards cater to different balance levels by using bungee cords along the sides to help stabilize the board. In any case, you can bet that your core muscles are working the entire time.Last night, I tried the "Blend" session along with Jaime W, Angela T, and a bunch of their friends. It was a nice, balanced workout (pun not intended). Most of us were still getting used to the boards, so the workout wasn't all that intense. I'm certain that they can get pretty hardcore once you get your sea legs.Totally Tubular!
5	LOVE IT! These classes are so much fun!I HATE working out. I did insanity and it was great but it put a lot of stress on my knees and I was dreading it everyday. When I first saw the boards and the setup I didn't think it was going to be difficult but they definitely had me fooled. It was an amazing workout, I was sore for three days and I actually had fun... Seriously? Needless to say I'm extremely happy.They offer quite a few different types of classes and times which is great because I have a really random schedule. 6am classes and 8pm classes work well with my job.I can't wait to work out again! (What?)
5	I love this! Tried the blend class. It was so much fun and a great work out! I'll definitely be doing this again. Jason was great!
5	Surfset is a great new way to enjoy your workout. When you first walk in, it's hard to know what to expect when you see surfboards on land. This workout (as mentioned in other reviews) is great for your core training. Most of the movements in the Blend class are familiar, however much more challenging on the board!Don't be scared to try it... you might just love it.
5	I found this place out by looking up unique fitness classes in Vegas. I went a few months ago for a whole week. It's an excellent workout! You can adjust the resistance on the boards depending on your skill level. There are 4 different types of classes, and they're creating new ones. If you haven't done it at least once, you should! Test your balance and core.
4	I went to my first class and was excited to check out this athletic fun.  I am athletic, in my early 40's and like to constantly mix it up (you have to as you age!), thus my interest in Surfset.I attended the "blended" class, which is a little cardio, a little strength, a lot of core and some meditative yoga stuff too.  WHAT A FUN WORKOUT!  Being on the board really does put you off balance and makes your muscles and core work harder than if you were simply doing exercise on a solid surface.  I have a good mind body connection and could feel the instability of the surf board kicking in little muscles that we all often overlook.  The instructor (who I believe was also the owner) was welcoming, helpful, funny and really guided the entire group on understanding the whole core, balance, strength objective of what you were to be doing.  The room is dim and you feel like there is plenty of space and comfort to be in your own zone of intensity.  They also play surfing realm from competitions on huge wall above the instructor, which I liked because it put you in the mood.  The website outlines which classes they have and some are just cardio, some are just strength and some are just more yoga based or there is the blend class that I took.  My biggest challenge is tight hip flexers from years of running and cycling.  It is the same reason I am not a good surfer, because my hip flexers do not allow me to easily pop up on a board.  I had this same problem a bit with this class, but not enough for me not to go back and encourage others to check it out.  Hang Ten, hop on a board and I would absolutely say try it out!  It was fun and it was challenging.
4	I really liked this class. It was a lot more challenging then I expected. The cardio, strength, and balance were a killer blend.The studio is clean and nicely done. The staff was very friendly and helpful for all fitness levels.My only suggestion would be on the music. I would have rather worked out to Beach Boys or Dick Dale.
5	Love this!  I am a fairly active and fit guy.  I mostly do running, calisthenics, circuit training, and cross-fit.  I enjoy hikes, half-marathons, obstacle racing, skiing, and snowboarding.  I also did plenty of surfing growing up in Huntington Beach, CA.Prior to coming to class, I knew the biggest workout in real surfing is battling against the incoming surf to get out the where the waves are breaking.  It takes lots of stamina, endurance, and explosive shoulders, back, and triceps power to successfully get to a wave and drop into it.  So I envisioned Surfset as something pretty light weight without all that water and waves.Well, I was thoroughly impressed after just 1 Surfset class.  I did a "mixed" session, and broke a good sweat.  I really like how it incorporated cardio, calisthenic, core strengthening, and stretching exercises onto an unstable platform.  The addition of balance is something I don't do enough of outside of specific sports.  The kick-ass part of all this is that it forces you to engage more muscles, in particular your core.  So the same exercises done on a floor end up burning more calories when done on an unstable platform.  It also helps develop and maintain your proprioception, which is that sense of your body parts, muscles, and strengths relative to a particular movement.  Another nice thing about Surfset is that is it simply fun.
4	I enjoyed 4 classes at Surfset Las Vegas while I was in town last week. I tried: Blend, Burn, Balance, and Build.I recommend the Burn class if you want a really intense workout. I broke a sweat within 5 minutes during this one. I think if a person did this class 3-4 times a week they would see fast results. All in all, I thought the surf board added a fun new challenge to every move in each class because I had to use my core and other stabilizers to keep my balance. The studio is large and clean, the instructors are friendly. I would have liked a few more pointers throughout, but I am a stickler for proper form.
5	Just found out this on groupon $20 for 4 classes, if you never surf before , it's very difficult to get on the surf board , it's all about balance , core work out and confidence and also trust yourself you can do it!! I had hard time from the very beginning but after many many trying , I finally feel comfortable enough to stand on the board ! It's a great work out but also fun!! Can't wait to try it again!!!
5	I've been working out here for about 6 months and love it! After my 1st class I knew I wanted to join and the 7pm or later class schedule works well with my schedule. The owner, Jason, is awesome and the other instructors are cool too. Members are pretty friendly and the studio is decorated beachy. It's a very casual and comfortable studio. I enjoy the added dimension of having to balance on the board while doing crunches, lunges, planks, etc. It's a challenging workout but it's also not a big deal if you can't do everything. It's very low pressure and there are usually modifications for easier or more advanced moves. The hardest class is definitely the Burn class. Per the schedule, I usually end up doing the Blend class which throws in a set of surf type moves which fits with the ambiance. I enjoy the Build class as well, which is less cardio and more strength training with bands and kettle bells while balancing on the board. They mix up the moves we do in class each day so it doesn't get too redundant. I get bored easy so I need new things & variety to keep me motivated. This fits the bill and I believe they are thinking of adding some different type classes as well. I try to make it to 2 fitness classes per day (when I'm in town) so I do take a few classes at other studios as well. I've yet to be able to find ONE place that offers enough variety AND works with my obscure schedule. I typically come here about 4x per week.
5	What. A. Fun. And. Memorable. Experience.I was able to schedule a private class with Surfset Las Vegas for a Bachelorette Party I was throwing for a friend and Jason was super easy to work with. This was the first time any of the girls in our party took the class so Jason was able to gear it towards beginners and make sure we had a good time and were still challenged. WOOT! Check this place out!
