5	I love Nargile. The staff there are wonderful and really make you feel welcome. It's a fairly small restaurant with an intimate atmosphere. The quality of the food is stunning, with a really good choice. You feel like you want to have everything, so it's quite difficult deciding! There is a good choice of Turkish wine available, too. The owner obviously takes great pride in making sure everything is just right, which it is. Highly recommended.
5	Fantastic turkish food right in the "modern" heart of Edinburgh!  I had the "Biberli Kusu Izgara" main dish (lamb) which was excellent and finished it off with a "marshmallow"  dessert.  Service was fantastic...
4	Oh boy. Well, the boy actually in this case, because he came up trumps in picking out a place for my birthday meal. Middle eastern food? Somewhere I have never been as I haven't yelped it yet? Oh yes, he knows me well. So Nargile - lovely restaurant, if on the chilly side (we were seated in the window so that might have been the problem). Big buckets masquerading as wine glasses. Being a Tuesday night, it wasn't particuarly busy read: dead when we arrived, but business was picking up by the time we left, so we had the place to ourselves. Food took a while to arrive, but what can you say when it is freshly cooked? If you want a recommendation, then I strongly would suggest that you try the shaksuka - although the menu indicates it is lightly sauteed aubergine but really, it is chargrilled to an inch of it's life, releasing all that delicious smoky aubergine flavours that we know and love. Contrasted with a light dip and deliciously dressed onions, oh, I could have eaten it all day. Other starters sampled included the stuffed mushrooms, sauteed king prawns (with luscious plump roasted tomatoes) and the dana sogush. Not a single complaint arose from the table. I think some amongst our party might have tried to lick their plates clean. Mains: I had the monkfish and prawns on tomato and olive sauce. Now, here I think Nargile fell down, as the tomato sauce was strongly at odds with the flavours of the monkfish and prawn (both beautifully cooked) - both good, but an unsuccessful match, I felt. I also snuck in some creamed spinach on the side, mainly because I love the stuff, and it didn't disappoint here. The boy and the mother both ordered the Kuzu Kus Kus - a giant plate of cous cous and root vegetables delivered with a separate bowl of collapsing lamb on the bone and more vegetables. A success from both sides. The father tucked into a mammoth mixed kebab which he struggled to finish, such was the quantity of meat in front of him. But you have to try, don't you?Finally, although we were all groaning and trousers were a-popping, of course we had dessert. Baklava, the mallow surprise (?) and sorbet were delivered. For me and the father,  the baklava was nice but way too heavy on the almond flavours, that the 3 pieces were too much - one would have sufficed. The marshmallow dessert was a hit with the boy as was the sorbet with the mother. All washed down with fresh mint tea and a bottle of New Zealand wine (The Jive Pinot Noir, nom nom nom). Nargile - I think you are great. Perhaps lose some of your western influences (like the overly strong tomato and olive sauce) - you don't need it - the rest of your food stands strong.
4	Nargile offers Edinburgh diners an excellent insight in to Mediterranean-style Turkish cuisine. We sampled an excellent array of hot and cold meze, served in a simple, elegant style. We really enjoyed our visit. Overall, we said: "the whole experience was one that we would happily repeat. We really want to return there when we can have a go at their full menu."
4	I have been here a few times, first and foremost the service is always impeccable. Friendly, welcoming and they like to chat and have a joke.Food is right up my street, combination of flavours from across the med done in a sharing style. Starters we all opted for the mezze, no less than 14 dishes appeared before us with breads as well - so tasty lots of flavours going on and very fresh tasting NOM NOM NOM.For mains I went for a sea-bass dish that was spiced and served with a bean and sun dried tomato salad. Very very tasty!!!!! Fish was perfectly cooked, the spice added flavour while keeping the great taste of the fish, and the serving was huge. Very very happy JD!!Desert was a tough one - in the end I opted for a scoop of raspberry sorbet and one of pistachio ice cream!! Should they go together you may well ask??? Many would say no....but I say say.....YES!!! The sorbet is packed full of taste but is possibly too tart so the pistachio adds a earthy richness that offsets it nicely between mouthfuls!!Add to that a nice little wine list and these Aberdonian boys are doing the tastes of the middle east a huge boost!! Recommend happily!!As for the last star - for the setting, for the style, for what it could be, I think they need to refine things a little more to hit that high note!
