5	A very welcome addition to the Melrose district of central Phoenix. This is a resale store that is spacious and bright, and while it may not be as large as a Goodwill, you'll find better quality stuff - all at thrift store prices. The store benefits three local LGBT nonprofit groups: 1in10, which provides youth with tools to improve self esteem and self-acceptance; Aunt Rita's Foundation, which raises money to fill the gaps of HIV/AIDS Program funding in the Phoenix area; and the  Community Church of Hope, which provides outreach and spiritual guidance to the LGBT and allies community of metro Phoenix.  So come here to shop and save money on furniture, home furnishings, jewelry, art, clothing and gift items. And come here, too, to donate items; donations are tax-deductible, of course.
3	3 stars for 3 snaps! A OK. Gay OK. They are not lacking in merchandise that's for sure. And it's somewhat organized. Though it did give me flashbacks to a Hoarders episode I recently saw about a gay guy in Utah. Yep. Utah. He had hundreds of dolls from the Marie Osmond Doll Collection. Of course they were covered in cat feces and cigarette butts, but that's neither here nor there. Now 3 Snaps was very tidy. Cluttered but tidy. But hey it's a thrift store. They had a Christmas section and a decent selection of mens clothing. Friendly staff. It did however have that musty smell that so many thrift stores have. Kind of reminded me of the smell of my Aunt Helen's wig closet mixed with her Camel cigarettes and Jontue perfume. I'm glad 3 Snaps is in the hood and will definitely stop by again! Maybe I'll go in drag as my Aunt Helen. Oh...SNAP!
5	What a fun place to shop! Had heard about this via the internet and had to drive into Phoenix just to check it out. When i was looking around i was told that the entire store was 50 percent off... so i went crazy girls... it's amazing what queens will donate!!! Found loads of goodies and will make it a point to go every time I'm in town!!!!
2	This looks like a nice little thrift store with a great selection of clothing. Nice front door, nice sign, nice paint trim on the windows ... I hate to dwell on irrelevant stuff like that, but let me explain. My partner and I arrived here at the posted opening time of 11:00 on a Saturday. Both of us are avid thrifters and wanted to check it out. We waited out front for 25 minutes (other potential customers came by, too), got a load of the traffic buzzing by on Indian School, and saw no sign of any employees inside or out. I still have yet to see the inside of this place. Cool concept, but three snaps down for failing to open on time!!
4	any thrift store that is a converted old house, full of treasures, and will sell you a vintage bolo tie for $2 and leather oxford shoes for $12 is a must stop shop for me.The dude who works here was a really nice guy, there is enough goodies here to keep you occupied for an hour or two. I got the impression it was an "alternative" kinda place, but no bother, they'd be able to tell you if your shoes match your belt and such and such diggi do: come check out 3 snaps.
5	This store has been closed for over a year.
