5	The guys here are great and easy to get along with. They do offer shoe shines, mustache and beard trims. They are the best and most professional barbers I've been to since moving here to Arizona and I have been to a lot of them.
4	This place beats the heck out of.... well anywhere! The interior is dark wood and there is also a hint of cigars in the air ( from the tobacco shop next door). Beard trims, shoe shines and straight razor shaves are offered here as well. I took my 13 year old son here to get a real haircut. He had a great time. I think he earned about 20 man points on his man card. The barbers are great and did exactly what he wanted. This place is located right behind Bass Pro Shops. Come here and get your cut and then go to Bass to get your fill of all things man! In the immortal words of Tim Allen OH OH OH OH OH! Only Negative is the hours of business. They close by 6 or 7 pm depending on the day, and closed on Sunday.
4	First off great haircut, comes with a neck shave and a brief massage. Other positives are having plenty of barbers on hand and tv's right n front for those not wanting to socialize. Can't argue with that for 18 bucks. They were busy so understandably there was hair on the floor which i thought could have been cleaner. Overall a fantastic cut, great looking shop and good experience.Tip: Located by Toby Keith's bar, not the spot on shown on the map.
4	It took me a long time to try this place, but I finally did and I was very pleased.  The prices are a little on the high side, but for the attention that you get, it is worth it.  I bought the complete package (haircut, shave, facial, etc) the first time I went in and I was very pleased when I walked out.  I have been back several times and will continue to keep going.
4	Great haircut all the way around, but the shave hurt like hell and left me with ingrown hairs eek! I'd always come back for a cut but never a shave. The prices are a little higher then what I'm use to, but it's worth it.
5	Give your vision of how you want your hair to look, and let the barber do the rest. End result is exactly what you pictured. Finally found a barber shop!
5	They do a awesome job. Hair cut and beard trim for a great price. You choose what you want to watch while you get cut and off you go. Great place.
1	Don't let Efrain run your credit card. He's a shady dude. Just refused me and my son 80 dollars is services because I didn't want him to cut my hair. I'm finally done with them.
5	I drive 20min every time I need a cut because no one I've tried comes remotely close to this joint.Every barber in this place is skilled.  They're good with my 5 yr old son too.  Cool guys, best spot around for a barber.  I wish they would bring back the shoe shine guy though.
5	I was looking for a good place for men's grooming that still did a clean shave and haircut in the valley.    Than I heard about Gentleman Joe's from Yelp, first off I'll like to said the haircut results were phenomenal, price was decent at a $39 fee(that's haircut and shave) without tip.      Be prepared to wait though, It was a 40-45 minute wait on a Saturday afternoon, first timers are to know that you must sign at the desk before you're service, it goes by pretty quit because you got nearby TVs to entertain you.      Service was grade A detail to the tee and lengthy, I believe my whole session was about 40-50 minutes.       I will be coming back
2	Haircut was just OK, after telling the barber that I wanted a size "3" clipper and somewhat textured hair on top I ended up with a very short cut, probably more like a "2" (did he use the wrong clipper guard size?) and very super military short on top, no texture at all. It will take 8 weeks to get my hair back to a normal length again. The cut is clean but way too crew cut short, I won't go back again. The barber kept stopping in the middle of my haircut to watch television too, not cool. And so much unswept hair all over the floor. I'm sure there are better barbers who listen to what the customer asks for and who pay attention.
