4	Spatially, this is a very interesting Starbucks.  Located in a part of the newer Eastside Shoppes of East Liberty, it is tucked into the building that anchors one part of the multistory complex.  This architectural significance coupled with the nice alcoves to sit and the nice associates makes this a place that I would like to come back and visit.  My only issue with this particular Starbucks is that the drinks -- while good -- are still not up to par.
4	Typical Starbucks, which means I'm a fan.  However, parking is a little bit hectic here, especially on the weekends due to the parking frenzy at Whole Foods, which shares the parking lot.  Nevertheless, friendly staff with smiling faces and your predictable Starbucks coffee quality.
2	It is FOREVER busy in this location! I always head in and immediately check for space to sit my tush. Thankfully I luck out with that one available seat, but it's usually in that weird back room on one of those uncomfortable stools.For the location you'd think they'd have made it bigger. It's not the kind of space you want to hole up and get some work done. I guess what I'm saying is its far from a chill work environment, so get in, grab your coffee and go!
3	Decent Starbucks, overall, but it's hard to recommend this location as a go-to Starbucks if you're not already in the vicinity. The store itself is nice, and I like that they're one of the few locations that still seems to have the Verismo pods for sale, but it's layout is weird due to the space being long and narrow. When you're waiting for your drink, you feel like you're intruding on peoples' conversations at the tables in the front of the store. Then after standing in their space waiting for your drink, you're forced to walk around them to grab napkins, etc. and exit the store...and those tables ALWAYS have people sitting in them, so it's nearly unavoidable.The staff are typically really nice, though, and while I've personally never had any issues with my drinks - I literally only drink refreshers and frappuccinos...easy enough, right? -  my wife will often complain about inconsistency with her macchiato. I'd value her opinion on consistency more than mine since I think most people are there for a hot coffee drink.The other issue with this location isn't even necessarily their fault. The parking lot happens to be shared with Whole Foods, and when you're trying to maneuver through the lot or find a parking space...well...let's just say it epitomizes that "Whole Foods Parking Lot" music video (check YouTube if you're not one of the 4.5 million people who know what I mean).
5	This is my favorite Starbucks. I work in the same complex so I'm here on a daily basis. They are so good to me and always make sure I'm well taken care of. My favorite drinks always taste so much better here! The staff is excellent. The only time I ever had to wait long for a drink, they apologized for it by giving me a free drink coupon. Apology accepted and incident forgotten! I love this place!
4	This is one of my favorite locations by far. It's perfectly situated near Whole Foods and my bank, so I find myself stopping by quite frequently. I haven't studied here, but there is usually plenty of seating in the afternoons.The baristas are really friendly here, and the goody case is always well stocked. My drink of choice at this location is usually a double tall soy one pump hazelnut latte. Yum!
3	This is one of my go to Starbucks because of its location- I often get a coffee before or after my weekly shopping at whole foods. I like the table in back to get work done. I will say there is one barista that drives me batty- if she's working I turn right around- she screams instead of talking. Can't deal. You'll know when she's working when you walk in the door. Good parking situation which is nice- I park by Walgreens if it's busy though.
5	If u don't what to travel to shady side walnut street Starbucks go to the one in east liberty. You will have the same great feeling. I been going there since it first open it's doors. But I do still go to the mama and pa coffee houses in the area too. Long live East Liberty!!!
2	The air-conditioning in this location is inappropriately dysfunctional.  It is been abnormally hot inside this coffeeshop for multiple years and they need to work with the management company and resolve it. It is frustrating for me because I live across the street and I would spend more time here if it was a comfortable environment.
2	I've been to this Starbucks a few times and there is never a place to sit. Or maybe this only happens when I'm there. The last and final time I went there, it was somewhat busy, but my main issue was with the customer service. There were three ladies working there while my friend and I waited in line. I was the first one to order and I got a few things like a water bottle, a sandwich, and two drinks - one hot mocha and one hot chocolate. Once I stepped away, the lady who rang me up switched with someone else at the register so now another female was ringing my friend up. My friend ordered the same sandwich and the person ringing her up loudly wondered if they even had the sandwich in the store (they did..it was their special at the time). The process of ringing my friend up took a while and she ordered less than I did.I waited for my drinks and they came out slowly. I got my sandwich and my one drink while my friend got her stuff before me. I started to walk away and realized I was still waiting for the hot chocolate. I came up to the bar and asked the lady who rang my friend up if there was a hot chocolate there. She looked at me and said: "I don't know what you're talking about...your friend didn't order a hot chocolate. I didn't ring up a hot chocolate!" Obviously she didn't ring up the hot chocolate because the lady who rang me up got off the register when it was my friend's turn. I had to wait for the lady to come back out to get my hot chocolate that she remembered I paid for. No "hey sorry about that" or "my bad..didn't mean to make you wait". It was like I was inconveniencing the people working there by asking if there was a hot chocolate in the process. Maybe they were having a bad day.
