4	I love Accessorize. I love their cheapy necklaces, bracelets and hair clips which get super cheap during the 75% off sale. I bought a little charm bracelet in here for a tenner and I got so many compliments on how expensive it looked. This shop pretty much takes care of your every accessory need and has some nice beachwear which depresses me as it reminds me I am not at the beach.The downside to Accessorize is that the shops are so frickin small and dark. Obviously as accessories are so small they don't need a lot of room to sell them in. But on a busy day it is almost impossible to shop in here and you often spend ages standing around waiting for someone to move so you can go for a look.
3	Accessorize needs little introduction: all girlie accessories, flip flops, shoes, sunglasses, bits and bobs, you will find here. This particular store adjoins with Monsoon which is under the same label- floral prints, airy dresses and what seems like a lot of sequins for the beach. Accessorize is worth a browse when they have 75% off - their jewelry isn't that great quality, although certainly fun and girlie! This particular store is a bit annoying because stock is literally in abundance from the floor to the ceiling making it a bit of an eyesore and a bit overwhelming to look for anything because you certainly have to browse. Also floor space is limited because of the various displays so at sale time it can just get cramped and you can end up being in a que going round and round the shop- not the funnest way to shop I can tell you.
2	This is a very small branch of Accessorize and as the other reviewers have mentioned, it also doubles up as a Monsoon. I'm not a big Monsoon fan but Accessorize is right up my street and if there's an Accessorize about, I will always pop in for a browse.I have to say that this one is somewhat of a disappointment. It's rather cramped and due to it's Princes Street location, gets cramped very quickly and you find yourself falling over the rows and rows of jewellery and other accessories. Perhaps it was the time of day that I visited, but it isn't particularly well organised and it made my head hurt browsing as there was just too much stuff in such a small space. Don't get me wrong, I love the accessories but I found myself getting stressed out and overwhelmed with all the stock.
