1	My son has been going to the San Tan office since he was born. After our last visit I felt the need to make sure eveyone knows how bad the service is, and I am not one to write reviews. Our normal Doctor is pretty friendly, however when you cannot see her the other Doctor is below average. She speaks to you as if you graduated from medical school yourself. We all know how important it is to undertand what is going on with your child's health. One appointment I left worried because I did not understand the medication side affects she was explaining. She will leave you in the room with a ansi baby for 30-45 minutes just for a routine visit. BUT it starts the second you walk in. The girls at the front desk NEVER have greeted us. They say "what's the name" or nod their head at you as if they are annoyed to be there. It suprises me that the level of service is consistantly bad here because they work with children. Oh and good luck with the billing department. We have never received a bill but every time we show up for an appointment we have an outstanding balance from 3 months ago. When I looked into who I should contact to discuss my frustration, the website says I can send a letter via snail mail. Thanks but not thanks. We are on the hunt for a new pediatrician and I caution all parents about this office, if warm and friendly is what you are looking for, you will not find it here.
1	These people are incompetent and unprofessional. We had been asking for a nut allergy test for our one year old for several months because he had a couple of scary reactions and we wanted to make sure we were being super careful if he did have a serious allergy.  Dr. DeMets had told us to wait until he was a year, then they would order a blood test. His one year appointment approached and Dr. DeMets was out sick that day so they assigned their PA to see us instead. He supposedly ordered the allergy test, so we went to Sonora Quest to get his blood drawn. Not a fun experience (2 hour wait, getting poked with needles). A couple weeks go by with no results, so I call the office and TJ says that they never got them, and that Sonora Quest must have lost them. He says I can either go take the test again (and waste 2 more hours of my time), or just wait until he's 5 years old to do a skin allergy test (umm...really?). So I call Sonora Quest, and they say that the Dr. only ordered the food panel test, not the nut panel test. At this point I don't trust anything TJ the P.A. has said since he clearly doesn't know what he's doing, so I try to call Dr. DeMets since she is the pediatrician we normally see. After waiting two days and no call back, I call the Dr.'s office again and they tell me that I can only talk to the person who ordered the test (ie the brilliant PA who screwed everything up in the first place then tried to blame it on someone else). Will not be visiting this place again.
4	We moved after having the same pediatrician for 11 years I was reluctant to try a new one closer to us. After some research and asking some doctor friends who they take their kids to, I tried this office. I very pleased with our experience with Dr. DaSilva and moved all of our children over. Very helpful, knowledgable and the kids love her!
5	Not sure about the 1 star rating...... but every time we have come here the staff has been great! Dr. Cuellar has been a phenomenal person to work with and has given great advice to help us care for our little one.
