1	I set up my appointment a week in advance.  I was told it was not an issue to get it done in one day.  When I showed up at the scheduled time, I was told "oh was that today?"  Late in the day I called to see if I could pick up my car and it wasn't done and was told it would not be done until the next day.  When I went to pick it up the following day I asked what happened.  The guy,(George) who had mishandled my experience from the beginning, proceeded to blame me saying that there was no way that job could be done in one day.  If you'd like to be blamed for their shortcomings, you should take your vehicle here.
5	I've gone to this place twice with rear end accidents and they have gone out of their way to turn such a crappy situation into a pleasant experience. Both times, they set up really cool rental cars for me, and this time, they had my car done a day early. Everyone who works there is super nice and I literally have nothing but good things to say about them. They even offer lifetime warranties on their work. Just a great place! Highly recommend.
4	I had both of my card spray painted and they worked with my insurance to fix both cars with no cost to me. It took a little longer than I would've liked but they did good work.
5	I had the misfortune of running into a deer 3 weeks ago and had to have front end damage repaired. I was referred to Liotus & Winter by a co-worker that that had body and paint work done on multiple vehicles there. The work they did on my truck is great. It looks even better than before I hit the deer! The paint work blends perfectly and the fact that the truck was wrecked is not even noticeable. The truck also rides and drives perfectly. They were pleasant to deal with and kept me updated many times throughout the repair process. They were also able to take care of my rental car return for me so that I didn't have to get a ride from someone else when my truck was finished. I would absolutely recommend this shop to anyone. They were very helpful and very appreciative that I chose them to repair my car.
