5	When I checked out Maribeth's work, I was blown away! I knew she was the person I was searching for to do my tattoo. After 15 hours of work she did on me, I really got to know what a beautiful, professional entrepreneur she was. Her every attention to detail, amazing costumer service skills and her unique feminine touch is the key to her success! Maribeth is not just an tattoo artist, she is a artist! I love that fact that she customizes every piece she does and makes it a original. She listens to her client's wants and ideas and works with you to make a magical piece of art that you will have forever! Everyday when I look at my tattoo it's as bright and beautiful like I just got it yesterday! Pick her as your tattoo artist and you won't regret it :)
5	Maribeth at Mrs. Rocket Tattoo is the best. Thought long and hard about getting a new tattoo when I met her and saw the beautiful things she has done I knew I came to the right place. Very professional and friendly who could ask for more?? I just threw out some ideas for what I was looking for and she hit it out of the park with her design for my tattoo!! Check out her custom work you'll be amazed too!So if you want some beautiful work done go see her at Mrs. Rocket tattoo!!Thanks Maribeth your the best!! Can't wait to start looking for my new tattoo :)
5	I was recommended by a friend to see Maribeth at Mrs. Rockets Tattoo and she couldn't have been more right!!! I am extremely happy about my new tattoo. She had great communication with me and waited for me to come in and see her. Maribeth is full of energy and has lots of new ideas for some more work in the future. It is awesome to see how passionate she is with her at work. I loved on her Facebook page where I can see the cover up work she can do...so putting together new ideas so I can get more ink done. Check her out..you will not be disappointed!!!
5	If you want a butterfly tramp stamp...yeah she can do that, but give this Ink Angel wings and let her fly you to a new level artistic excellence! This was my third tattoo and by far the best experience I have had. The consultation with Maribeth was fulfilling and fun.  I came with an idea and she brought it to life and made it a piece of art rather than just another day at the office for her.  During the process of the 5 hour tattoo she was professional to the max, her phone rang a bunch of times but she didn't even look over at it and refused to change her focus from the task at hand. WOW!!!! I left Mrs. Rocket Tattoo with a big pain in my arm, living art on my skin and a desire to hand out Maribeth's card to everyone I know because it was just that good.
5	C L A S S Y is one word that does not come to mind when you picture a regular tattoo joint.  This is definitely not your average tattoo hang out and for most of us who are a little leary of these type places - fear no more!First off Mrs Rocket Tattoo is run by a WOMAN!  So your image of dirty old guys with tattoo'ed faces can go out the door.  This chick is one hot mama who is incredibly talented!  She's got the tattoos too so don't let that sweet pretty face fool ya. ;)You walk into her shop and the walls scream florescent green!  It is so clean, nicely decorated with her art with a little bit of her edgy girl flair.  Dont get me wrong this girl has a huge following of men and women of all ages.  In fact a number of my family and friends go to her or have been to her with the ink to prove it.  Maribeth has changed the whole tattoo experience.  Just what Vegas needed in the tattoo world.  She makes you feel at ease, she's good conversation and she is an amazing artist full of ideas.  Her artwork shows master of detail, professionalism and she pours her heart into every piece she does. It shows!  You will be amazed -even her artwork on the walls is incredible!On a side note the fact that she has found herself licensed in Summerlin is a huge accomplishment!  Bound and determined this chickie made her home right smack in the middle of Summerlin-behind Claim Jumper-Charleston and Rampart where you can shop, have lunch and get a tattoo all in one afternoon. ;)I encourage anyone to just go check her out.  Look through her books, check her place out, look her up on Facebook.  I think you will be pleasantly suprised.  And that tattoo you have always wanted and too scared to get because you didnt know where to go...will be in your near future....and you will know it was the right decision.*couple randoms - She has amazingly unbelievable coverups (have a tattoo you hate-this girl knows how to transform the worst to the best) - pics on FB-You definitely need an appointment!  She gets booked up fast!-Her prices are average from the other places I have been to.-Not sure if she still does this but she was giving discounts for referrals-Tattoo virgins, don't go anywhere else.  You will be well taken care of.
5	Maribeth has great vision and is able to translate desires very well into a tattoo.  Trust her, you will not be disappointed!  Shop is very clean, professional, and comfortable.  She does exceptional shading with extreme detail and she has a gentle touch. This tattoo healed far better than previous ones by others.
5	Maribeth is amazing! She truly loves what she does and wants you to be happy with her work. I have quite a few tattoos from her (including a coverup) and every time she has exceeded my expectations. It's totally worth the wait for an appointment.
5	I've had tattoos done by various artists around the US, but I will now ONLY have Maribeth do future ones.  Maribeth, owner & artist of Mrs. Rocket Tattoo, recently did a rework of an old tattoo.   From start to finish, Maribeth was extremely helpful and ingeniously understanding towards exactly what I envisioned my tattoo to be.  After having an all-day, half sleeve session, I can fully attest that her shop is comfortable and pristine.  The end result was truly a work of art.  She mastered the shading and imagery of the  Chinese Scroll art that was the main concept of my tattoo and took it to a whole new level with added textures, depth, and simplistic precision synonymous with Japanese Landscape paintings.She gets booked up quickly, but I can not emphasize enough that it'll be worth the wait.
5	I searched for a long time to find an artist that I felt was right for a cover up tattoo that I had desperately wanted for far too long. I came across Maribeth at Mrs. Rocket and I immediately knew she was my artist. She drew a custom piece that was exactly what I wanted. It turned out amazing. Her use of color and her style is 2nd to none. She is super sweet and friendly and made me feel so comfortable. She welcomed any changes. Super patient! I highly recommend her to anyone. The cover up that she did on me was phenomenal. I can't even see the old one at all! You changed my life. Thank you Maribeth.
5	Maribeth is the BEST tattoo artist in Vegas! I recently went in to get a old tattoo cover up. I had done all the research trying to find the best cover-up tattoo artist in the Southwest and that's how I came across Mrs. Rocket tattoo. You can watch all those Tattoo "shows" that take place in Vegas, but really Maribeth is one you want to cover that Tattoo up. If you want a ORIGINAL piece that nobody else has, you need to visit her.  I'm sure she can do one you picked out/brought in. But you want a one of a kind piece? Maribeth is your gal. How good is she? We drove all the way from AZ to visit. Maribeth and I started working a few months in advance and she definitely delivered in quality and professionalism. Maribeth is a TRUE artist, which allows her to create awesome designs that cannot be found anywhere. Her artwork is on display in her shop. Simply amazing.Once we arrived in Vegas Maribeth was sweet and reassuring about the tattoo process. She answered any questions I had and you can tell you holds her work ethic extremely high with the quality of work she puts in (pre design, the actual tattoo, and the aftercare). She was patient and supportive of my requirements (i.e. not visible due to work issues) and her designs blew my mind!! Just like icing on the cake, she even recommended some local business to try for breakfast and dinner in my post Tattoo "glow"(support local businesses and quit eating at Buffets when your in Vegas!) She runs a clean, professional, and safe tattoo shop. She even carries Vegan inks and Organic/All Natural Non GMO aftercare (which is big for us, all natural is the way to go). So do yourself a favor and stop reading all these other "yelp tattoo reviews" and set up your appointment with Mrs. Rocket Tattoo. I'm recommending her to all my friends in AZ and CA and will make sure I send all business I can her way.
5	I have had nothing but great experiences getting tattooed by Maribeth. When I moved to Las Vegas, I had a vision in my head of the type of tattoo that I wanted. I searched for about a year for tattoo artists.  I came across Mrs. Rocket Tattoo on facebook. From the moment that I looked over her work, I knew I wanted to get my tattoo from Maribeth. She does amazing color pieces which is what I was looking for. I emailed her with ideas that I had, and very promptly, Maribeth responded to my email, asking for more information, which turned into a phone call. In anticipation for my upcoming appt, she followed up a few times to let me know that she would be working on the drawing. She took my thoughts and ideas and made them shine. To say that I was pleased is an understatement. I have gone to Mrs. Rocket Tattoo a total for 4 times now, and have another appt already scheduled for more work. I love her creativity and the fact that she listed to what you want and creates it. Her studio is pristine, you know she is very organized and clean. She is a sweetheart, which is an added bonus. You will not be disappointed.
5	I've been having Maribeth do my tattoo work (2 full sleeves) for almost 2 years now, and I am so happy with her!  I really enjoy her friendly attitude since there seem to be so many macho personalities in tattoo shops.  And on top of that, she can do some rad tattoos!  One sleeve that she took on as a rework went to a whole new level!  The colors are so awesome, and make the whole piece really come together.  Right now, I think we are over halfway done with that arm, but I already wanted Maribeth to start on my other sleeve.  We worked together on a really cool "Ocean" design:  Elbow and below is underwater with an octopus, turtles, etc...and above the elbow is a super rad mermaid scene!  I'm so excited to continue having her do my work.  Next Up: Full chest tattoo!
5	I had Maribeth do my inner wrists....a touch up on one and a new piece on the other.  My touch up was my first tattoo ever and didn't turn out how I wanted at all color or anything wise.  As nervous as I was this being my 2nd time getting tattoo'd Maribeth made it so great and distracted me the whole time with good conversation.  Next I know I'm done and both my wrists look amazing including the touch up she did which looks way better than I thought it could.  If I decide to get anymore I wouldn't go to anyone else :)
5	Maribeth is amazing. Original art and fantastic work. Reasonable rates too.  Very clean and professional. IMO she is best tattoo artist in Vegas.
5	I just had  my first sitting with Maribeth. She is working with me on a small back cover up and full sleeve.  Her demeanor was great and made the entire experience fun and memorable. She was able to be creative and free hand some of my tattoo.  This was an incredible experience and she has true talent.  I have several more appointments coming up and I am looking forward to more pain : ) and gain. I can't wait to see what she has created for me next time. Thank you Maribeth. : )
5	Excellent. Maribeth is working on a small back cover up and full sleeve for me. She has made me feel comfortable throughout the entire process. Not your typical tattoo parlor. I love coming here and can't wait for my next appointment. If you want some flash tattoo go somewhere else. Everything she does is custom and is GREAT!
5	Excellent artist!  This is not your typical tattoo parlour. She is working on a small bavk cover up and full sleeve. I been to 2 appointments now amd couldn't be happier. Relaxed atmosphere. She will custom draw your tattoo. If you want flash tattoos...go somewhere else. She is very professional and I can't wait for more ink.
5	Excellent artist! Excellent artist!  This is not your typical tattoo parlour. She is working on a small bavk cover up and full sleeve. I been to 2 appointments now amd couldn't be happier. Relaxed atmosphere. She will custom draw your tattoo. If you want flash tattoos...go somewhere else. She is very professional and I can't wait for more ink..
