5	I love them!!! All of the employees there know my kids' names, and they have only been going for 3 weeks, 1 day a week.  They are  all excellent with kids and have a lot of patients.  My kids have improved even in those three lessons.  I was a competative swimmer for years, and a Red Cross certified lifeguard, so I know about swimming.  They have amaizing techniques.  I saw a little boy, about 3 years old, who's first lesson was today.  The minute he got in the pool he was screaming bloody murder, the instructor was able to calm him and had him playing in the water in a 30 minute lesson.  Customer service is awsome too!  Prices are very fare. I think all children should have swim lessons.  Everyday I see a child who drowned in the family pool on the news.
4	Clean facility, great staff.  My child learned confidence and proficiency in the water in a short amout of time.  The way the lessons are structured gives kids goals and rewards to work toward.  All the teachers we came in contact with were great.
4	Love this place. Clean and welcoming facility, front staff is helpful, and the instructors are top notch. I have been thoroughly impressed with their baby swimming program, and IT'S FREE until they are 6 months old. The facility can be a bit tricky to locate. Basically find Toby Keith's bar and grill on the far north side of Mesa Riverview and go east in the parking lot. You will see it on your right.I have heard some of the other Hubbard facilities are not that nice, and I have also heard about issues with instructors at other locations, but again, I have had zero problems at Mesa Riverview.The only drawback - the cost is about $80 a month for a swim lessons once a week for 30 minutes. That seems high, but the kids can learn to swim year round, inside, in a heated pool.
5	I had looked up a bunch of places to take a little one swimming all over the valley. YMCA, swim schools, etc. They all said I couldn't take my baby until she was 6 months. She's almost 6 months so I started looking again and found Hubbard. Well they have a special FREE class for 8 weeks to 5 month olds, then have a 6 month old class. I have OCD so pool cleanliness is a big deal to me. They UV their water at Hubbard! Going into the facility it was clean and organized, nice and big inside and the indoor pool is nice sized but not overwhleming for little ones. The staff was SOO nice! The lady that checked us in was great (can't remember her name) and our teacher Matt was awesome. They understand being a parent, they even have Pack N Plays in the bathroom, so I could actually pee! The changing rooms and cubbys were clean, the pool was super clean and didn't smell like chemicals, thank goodness! It was an amazing experience and I can't wait to spread the word and go again next week!
5	We have been taking our infant son here since he was 11 weeks old.  The staff is so welcoming and very nice.  Our instructor, Andrew, is great.  He makes sure to interact with each of the babies AND the parents in his class & I really like that about him.We are looking forward to a long relationship with Hubbard in Mesa.
4	A little pricey but very excellent instruction. Both my kids went through their programs and loved it. Even after my kids were swimming really well we kept bringing them back because they loved it so much.
1	This review is based solely on convenience, as we haven't actually been able to get here during their hours. They close at 1230 on a Saturday, which, for working families, is the easiest day to get to places. And their website says they close at 2pm. We are in search of a place to get swim lessons for our son, but we will go elsewhere.
5	We love Hubbard!! Our 7 year old son has been going here since he was 2 years old. Our 5 and 2 1/2 year old kids since they were 6 months old. We have had great instructors through the years. They have always been welcoming and friendly. Their prices and policy is very competitive and one of the best. They have accommodated our son with Autism specially well. Our family is truly grateful for the support and attention they have given our son and family. Thank you Hubbard for teaching our kids all about water and swim!
