4	Look for coupons in the mail to get the spa pedicure with hot stone massage for $20 (regularly $25) and other deals.  20% off for groups of 4 or more people after 5 p.m.  $5 add-on for design work on your big toes.  Friendly, quick service.  I walked in on a Sunday at about 3:30 (they close at 5) and was helped right away.  Nice massage chairs, big TVs.
5	I have been going to Solare nails for a few years and I am very pleased with the care and service I have received there.  There are A LOT of nail salons in this area but Solare Nails offers more to the consumer.  The salon is extremely clean and well kept.  They always have the most state of the art pedicure chairs and you rarely if every have to wait to be serviced.  I was recently in San Diego on business and needed to have a pedicure.  I went to a salon and I was SO disappointed!  I guess it's  because I am accustomed the high quality of service and care I receive from Solare Nails.  Their prices are fair and competitive for the area.  I give Solare Nails my highest recommendation.
5	Best pedicure massage chairs ever!
5	My favorite! I love that they use plastic protectors for the pedicure tubs. I love the massage chairs. The staff is always friendly & welcoming. My pedicure lasts & lasts. Mona is the best!
2	This was my first visit and I checked online first for the best reviews by Val vista rd and I figured I was safe here.  Unfortunately it's another place with bad English and no one was listening to me when I said I wanted a shellac manicure.  I said it when I came in, I said it sitting down with the lady, and then I said it again when they told me to pick out a nail polish.  Of course they nodded and said yes, yes shellac!  They were all opi's and I knew something was wrong because they were no shellacking nail polishes up front so I figured they must have a different process (or I was hoping that).  What did they do?  They painted my nails with the nail polish, clear coated, and then stuck me under the uv lamp.  $15 for a job I didn't want and now the tips are chipping two days later.  I've only given them another star because the other lady did a really nice job on my friends nails.  Obviously I would never come here for a shellac finish.  A white tip manicure...possibly.
1	Wow. This place is a waste. First of all the lady was talking to some other worker the whole time barely giving me a massage, secondly when she was ready to paint, I looked at my toes and she didn't even clean under them. Hello???? It's like she was half zombie.  Never again!! Go to QV nails, Kelly is awesome!
1	This was my first time here and it will be my last.  I came here with a damaged nail on my big toe. I'd been told by everyone before this that I'd hurt it & it would heal. Here they had someone come over to tell me it was a fungus. They then started talking in Vietnamese & started snickering & laughing. This went on for a good 5 min before I looked up & caught one of them by the eyes.  If by the small chance it was not about me, I still find it incredibly rude & tacky to speak in another language the whole time your being paid to service your clients. I also found it gross that she washed the tools used to remove calluses in the water my feet were still in. I would never recommend this salon.
5	Really like this place. Came in at 9:10am on a Saturday without an appt and got right in for a pedicure. There were 9 customers and 8 technicians. From start to finish it was 1.5 hours. Then I got an eyebrow wax. I got the deluxe euro pedi and it was the most expensive $40. It came with callus remover, sugar scrub, hot wax, hot stone massage, and they use plastic covers in the water tub. The techs were all very nice and quiet. In fact the only annoying yapping came from the customers across from me. I would have preferred the Vietnamese. Still recommend this place. Don't know the techs name but she had braces. Yup braces.
5	The best place to get your nails and toes done! They do the best pedicure's out of any other nail salon! Brandon does my nails and he is so talented! I will never go to any other salon other than Solare. Thanks for doing such great work!
5	I have been going to this nail salon for almost 2 years now.  I LOVE IT.  Brandon (the only man there) is the only one I will allow to do my nails (as I have had people try and sway me I will not budge).  I always call a day ahead of time to get in the next day without fail!  PEDICURE CHAIRS are the best!  Very clean (as they put liners in the bottom).
1	First time I went was great, they are open late on Sundays and Saturdays.  I got a pedicure and a gel manicure. I was impressed,  three weeks went by and I decided  I needed to get my gel manicure redone, so I went back. I selected my color and well they gave me the wrong color which I was fine with not like they understand me if I said something . So I went to pay and they told me it was 30.00 this time because they had to take off the old gel . I have never had that happen to me before, to pay to get the gel off .especially when the guy who did it did my gel the previous time. They never said they would charge to take it off ,which is tacky and they should inform you because I would of taken it off myself. I will never go back there. Also the man who did my nails was asking me questions like do you have kids and I said no , he said oh you like sexy time a lot . Who says that.
