5	I am what you call...a "picky eater" aka a snob (which is demeaning, i just know what i love when i know it!)My favourite baguette place used to be this bakery opposite Vielle Europe on St Laurent (right next door to Burger Royal and Moog Audio). That placed closed and got replaced by a cafe. When i walked by that place in November 2013 and saw the sigh of doomed business in Montreal, the dreaded brown paper of doom, my heart sank coz my favourite baguettes were taken away from me.Enter Boulangerie Guillaume, after being suggested this place. I walk in, buy a baguette, be charming and off i go.I now have a new fav baguette joint :DI am not a snob, i am a simple man with simple tastes. And that taste has to be HELLA AWESOME!
5	This the right spot for you to grab a coffee and some nice bakery goods. In the afternoon, the croissant is only a dollar. One more very impressive thing is that they have cube sugar. I believe it's not common but I love that ancient wild way to put my sugar. Cozy tiny place.
5	THis bakery is special and delicious. As good as it gets, and in Montreal!
5	Stiil in my not-so-humble opinon,the best bread in town. LOVED their bread before,love it now. Introduced my fussy supercook/baker/canner sister to the place when they were at their old location,and she's hooked too! Super bakery!
5	Love, Love, Love, Love, LOVE.Location: On the main, a few doors down from Hof. I can smell the competition in the air! Street parking available and depending on where you're coming from, I'm guessing a bus is your best transit bet. You can also take the subway and get off at Laurier or Mont-Royal and walk. It'll be a good 10-15 minutes.The place: Tiny. It's really just a store front and very few people actually fit into the place - that's probably why there's always a line-up outside. The goods: First, just take a deep yoga breath when you enter the place, and you'll be in bread heaven. They offer a very good variety of bread and you'll probably find what you're looking for plus a few unexpected surprises as well. I went for the herb Fougasse and picked up a few olive Ciabatta since I can't resist anything containing black olives. What can I say that the other reviewers haven't already? AMAZING bread. I love olives. I think I was born sucking on these so I consider myself pretty savvy in the olive department. The Ciabatta was so olive-y and soft and tasty and also, HUGE! The Fougasse was also quite large and spirally. Both breads were full of flavor and delicious. 'Nuff said. Service: Good.Price point: Pretty decent - you can buy a lovely loaf of fresh bread without breaking the bank.Don't expect to just saunter in when you do go - you'll have to be patient and wait and that line unless you go at the butt crack of dawn.
4	Absolutely try the nut Baguette (starting on the Wednesday).All sweet buns are very creative and good to try.Other hit: Figs and strong cheddar cheese bread is to die for. Grad one when walking on the main (Near corner of Laurier and St-Laurent)
5	This place was packed full of people who were just here to grab a baguette. That tells you something about the quality of the bread here.Waiting for our brunch table, we stopped by for coffees and ended up also grabbing an almond croissant and a cheese+fig loaf thing. Both were really, really good. It also smelled so delicious in here, I wanted to eat everything.
