3	I actually worked concessions here with a friend of mine for Summer Jam, which is Power 98's festival held once a year.  We had a great time joshing around with our customers and talking with the other concession people.  I made a friend with a brother who was hustling glow sticks and mouthpieces.  We joked about all of the thugs and hoochies suited up in the fliest streetwear.  A young girl of about twelve tried to hustle some ice cream off of me, claiming that her's fell.  She asked if she could bring her cup back and get some for free.  I said sure, but we didn't even sell them in cups.  We laughed and I convinced her to just buy one.  We shut down our stand at around ten o' clock so we could catch the Three Six Mafia show (which was disappointing-just a bunch of yelling).  The arena is set up nicely and the sound acoustics are good, but I prefer smaller venues.  However, you can easily view the stage from wherever you are seating.  I know this, because I surveyed the place for a good spot and they were all about the same.  I would recommend this place for headliner acts or a sports event.
4	The original Charlotte Coliseum, Cricket Arena has been host to everything in its over-50 year history from the ACC Tournament to Barnum & Bailey's Circus, hockey games and concerts.My dad remembers going to some of the first ACC games held here, and I remember going to the circus here as a kid.These days, I refer to the venerable old building as 'The Cupcake', because that's exactly what it looks like. It's been around so long, its retro look is kind of back in style.Seating 10,000 on its best days, it is an intimate place to see a sporting event or concert, even though the sound reverberates around pretty badly, creating a dull roar of sorts.The first hockey game I ever saw, a Charlotte Checkers game back in 2001, was here. It was great fun, and even though the crowd wasn't that big, the arena is so small it seemed like a larger group. It's too bad the Checkers now play in an empty, cavernous Bobcats Arena. I thought they fit well at Cricket.Parking is fairly easy here, which is nice, but its kind of sad to see how the surrounding area has gone downhill since Cricket became the also-ran arena in town. Still, its  a piece of Charlotte history, and the nice retro vibe it carries makes me glad they haven't razed it like they do with most of the historical structures in Charlotte.
2	This was the 1st sports arena in the Charlotte area & used to be called Independence Arena before naming rights were sold out for sponsorships. And being the oldest arena in town, you can definitely tell from both the outside & inside.The arena isn't very big, with only around 10,000 seats, & no luxury or suite boxes. The amenities inside aren't anything special either, as they're all from a different age & time. And with the neighborhood surrounding the arena, it's easy to see why this arena isn't very popular. While you do have Ovens Auditorium & the Charlotte Convention Center on either side of the arena, the neighborhood is in shambles & you wouldn't want to do too much walking alone at night through here.As for events here, the main attraction used to be the Charlotte Checkers, but they have since moved into the uptown TimeWarner Cable Arena. So as of right now, I'm not really sure what they hold in this place anymore.So don't expect to be heading to Cricket Arena anytime soon, because it only gets the occasional event. If you do end up finding something that's going on here, then the parking is very easy as the parking lot is huge. But other than that, Cricket is passed its prime, which is a shame, as their signature event has moved into its new uptown home.
3	It's sad that this part of Charlotte is such a wasteland. There's really not much around, as Independence running through the area kind of ravished it. That said, Cricket Arena still manages to pull some pretty interesting shows, and it's a good-enough forum to hear someone you're really eager to see. Just don't leave any valuables in your car, and make sure you have a friend with you. Across the highway, there's a crack hotel and an abandoned IHOP where you can sometimes find hookers working...I'm not joking. It's one of the worst little parts of town.
4	When you go to Cricket Arena, it feels a little like traveling back through time. The arena is just so old-school and 70s feeling. Sadly, the area around the Arena is pretty depressing and crappy. I went to Cricket to see the Charlotte Roller Girls' first hometown roller derby bout. It was awesome. There was a huge turnout, and Cricket was a pretty good venue because they could easily convert the main floor to a flat derby track. Definitely go to a Roller Girls bout. They're a lot of fun.
