2	The customer service at this location leaves a lot to be desired.  Most recently, I came in for an appointment which I understood to be their last of the day.  I sat and waited for 20 minutes in their "waiting room" and listen to the entire staff engage in conversation.  I sat their unacknowledged the whole time wondering when, if ever, my appointment might begin.  I ended up being taken back for my appointment 15 minutes after the original appointment time.  The conversations the staff engaged in were very uncomfortable for a customer to overhear and included a discussion of employee and vacation benefits led by their store manager.  I shared this experience with a family member who mentioned that they had a very similar experience at this location just weeks earlier.
4	Got an eye exam here today and had an overall good experience. The staff was really nice and helpful. The only downfall was the wait. Saw the doctor an hour after checking in. I know there is always a wait for these type of doctor visits but I feel like an hour is a little ridiculous.
3	Very average chain eye doctor. The parking sucks at this location and that really stinks when you come back a week later to simply pick up you glasses or contacts. The manager and asst. manager have been there awhile and are very friendly and do a great job to help you get what works well for you. The doc is young and really nice. The wait to see him takes a little longer then necessary but he is really thorough with your eye exam. The front desk staff is kinda rude.
5	I had a great experience here. Maybe perhaps there are new people working customer service since these last negative postings because I found them to be very friendly and accommodating. When I got there, I was able to fill out my paperwork and see the technician within 20 minutes and the doctor 5 minutes after that. They were caring, knowledgeable, and wanted me to feel taken care of, which I did.I would certainly come back and recommend this establishment to anyone.
5	My wife and I have been longtime customers and this place has turned itself around.  The staff is much more friendly and helpful.  We no longer dread visiting the store.  It seems as though this store is under new management.  We'll done!
4	They have an outstanding optomotrist doctor who is both knowledgeable,  pkeasant, and  helpful. Prices are good and also the service.
5	Dr Aaron Lambson is definitely 5*s. Very thorough, clear, unassuming, clearly interested in patient welfare, to the point, generous with his time, pleasant, outgoing and experienced. He is highly instrumental in my current state of improved vision. The centers pricing is always a good value for services and products offered. Many people at the center have been highly professional.
