5	We chose Gabriel's when our Washer suddenly started clanking during the spin cycle:(The office staff was very polite and worked with us to get an appointment scheduled the next day!The owner, Jeff Gabriel showed up and identified the problem in about 1 minute.  When he found out the part would take 2 weeks to arrive, he called the office and found us a laundromat nearby!THEN....when I mentioned my ice maker was not dispensing ice due to a stripped gear, he said "lets take a look" and had it fixed in under 5 minutes!!!Very polite and professional...ON TIME...EASY scheduling and very fair price! I would highly recommend them for ANY small appliance repair!Richard
5	This is one of the best companies that I have ever contacted. They were very knowledgeable about the part I needed and even checked to see if there was anything I could do to correct the issue before I purchased the part. Even though they repair appliances they offered to walk me through the process over the phone while I replaced the part myself. If I ever need to repair another appliance, I know they will be the first ones I call.
5	Gabriel's Appliance is awesome! Our Maytag washer stopped agitating, spinning and draining. I called the office and got a very helpful person who scheduled me for an appt a couple of days later as they were very busy, which was ok because luckily the breakdown occurred after laundry almost complete. Nicole came out (within time frame specified)  and within 10 minutes discovered a wire had separated. She went ahead and checked the motor, etc. since it had been opened up, fired it up and we were good to go. Well worth the $95!
5	Scheduling a service call for mu 8yo top loader was easy.  Jeff arrived on time.  Gave me an honest estimate.  Not worth fixing @ this point.  Gave me half off service call fee!  Of course I tipped as I always do w repair men.  Jeff even gave me his professional opinion of top loaders & front loaders.  Will def refer anyone to them!
5	I just had my 5 year old super squeaky dryer repaired by Gabriel's. I am so happy with their service. Jeff showed up within the time frame I was given, and the cost to repair was less than I was initially quoted. I'll definitely use them again.
5	Forgot to review this on a repair order I had done with them previously last year and remembered him after having to deal with an awful company named Authorized Appliance Repair that does the  warranty work for my contract under Lowe's. I remembered Mr. Gabriel because he was so great to work with in contrast to this other company, In fact, I will call Lowe's and demand I be allowed to use him and see what they say. When my refrigerator went out last year, Jeff came out, assessed the situation in about 10 minutes and told me my Kitchenaid Side-by-Side Refrigerator's compressor was not worth fixing at around $500. He said it would not be under warranty and for a few $$ more ,  I could get a new refrigerator with a warranty .  He also referred me to Spencer's Appliance to get a new one. At Spencer's, they new exactly who Jeff was , praised his talents and gave me a large discount , an extended warranty and free delivery because I mentioned his name.  I saved $$ and the discount Spencer's gave more than covered the cost of the small service call he charged me.
5	I was having trouble with my washing machine and left a message on their website for someone to give me a call.  Four days later (there was a Sunday and a holiday in there) they called me back.  The lady that called to schedule the appointment apologized first thing that they hadn't called me the day before.  We scheduled an appointment for 7-9am the following Saturday.  At 6:59 on Saturday I get a knock on my door.  The tech's (I believe one was in training) came in and within minutes determined the problem and within a few short minutes after that the problem was fixed.  By 7:17 I am writing this review.  I will most definitely recommend this company and will keep their card handy for any other issues I come across.
2	Our property management team reached out to Gabriel's to inquire if they invoice for jobs in order to work with several of our  rental properties. The receptionist said yes and provided me with an email to forward a work order for review. Prior to sending the work order I sent the company our vendor expectations to review so we would all be on the same page.  I then forwarded the workorder-  Gabriel's made an appointment with our tenant (did not inform me about it) and when I inquired to be sure they had received all of our information and the work order I was informed that they would not agree to our expectations at this time and would be cancelling the appointment that they already set with the tenant.  When asked specifically what was unagreeable I was told " we can not always get things done in 5 days" they also balked at the idea of not being given approval while on site.When dealing with appliance repairs- you are talking about sometimes hundreds of dollars- if not thousands depending on if it requires replacement. Our team needs to get approval from owners to spend that kind of money- this is why we need estimates provided and we can not always give approval while the vendor is on site for the first visit.  Our 5 day expectation  simply means that we want the tenants to be contacted within 5 days of their receipt of the workorder (something I would have been happy to explain had Gabriel's asked for clarification) We will continue to search for a reliable and dependable appliance repair company to service the properties we manage in the West Valley.
1	BUYER AND CONSUMER BEWARE!!!! I called Gabriels to check out a 1 year old refrigerator that was working but had stopped cooling.  The tech came out and said it needed a new compressor and it would cost me over $800.00 almost as much as a brand new unit.  I remember the women telling me on the phone when I scheduled the appointment how they were a trusting "mom and pop" small business and they are trusted in the community and don't fall for these guys on Craigslist and such, but something just didn't seem right.  When we asked the tech how could the compressor fail in just over a year he said, you just got a bad one and he left.  I decided to get a second opinion.  I has another tech come out and he said the compressor is fine and it needed freon so he topped it off and told me it will take 24 hours to stabilize. Well 1 days later and it works perfect.  The tech from Gabriels never even checked the freon!!  Gabriels wanted over 800.00 for a part that was in perfect condition, and the repair was actually $66,00 thru Appliance Rescue.  This is the kind of dishonest service that gives this industry a bad name.  I hope everyone learns from my experience and lets businesses like this know that eventually it will catch up to them.
1	BUYER AND CONSUMER BEWARE!!!! I called Gabriels to check out a 1 year old refrigerator that was working but had stopped cooling. The tech came out and said it needed a new compressor and it would cost me over $800.00 almost as much as a brand new unit. I remember the women telling me on the phone when I scheduled the appointment how they were a trusting "mom and pop" small business and they are trusted in the community and don't fall for these guys on Craigslist and such, but something just didn't seem right. When we asked the tech how could the compressor fail in just over a year he said, you just got a bad one and he left. I decided to get a second opinion. I has another tech come out and he said the compressor is fine and it needed freon so he topped it off and told me it will take 24 hours to stabilize. Well 1 days later and it works perfect. The tech from Gabriels never even checked the freon!! Gabriels wanted over 800.00 for a part that was in perfect condition, and the repair was actually $66,00 thru Appliance Rescue. This is the kind of dishonest service that gives this industry a bad name. I hope everyone learns from my experience and lets businesses like this know that eventually it will catch up to them.
1	CAUTION DO NOT US THIS COMPANY IF YOU WANT GOOD SERVICE.I have not positive to say about my experience with Gabriel's Appliance Service & Repair. I have a home warranty through Landmark, and my stove caught on fire while I wasn't using it due to an electrical short. Gabriel's Appliance was contacted by Landmark the next business day and I received an email from Landmark saying I should get a call within 4 hours. I never received a call. The next business day I called to schedule an appointment. The tech showed up to the appointment and diagnosed the stove/oven and confirmed it was an electrical short. I asked how long it would take to fix, he said he would need to see how long parts would take and would call me the next day. After not hearing anything for three days, I called Gabriels Appliance and the could not find the paperwork from the tech, and no parts had been ordered at that point. I was then told that the parts were on back order and would take a week. They scheduled an appointment a week out from there which means over 21/2 weeks since the stove had caught fire. A different tech Al came to fix the stove, however, he didn't have any parts to fix the stove. He took the stove apart and re-diagnosed it and wrote down what parts were needed in order to fix it. Once again I didn't hear anything from Gabriels Appliance. I called to see what was happening, and Gabriels again hadn't ordered the part as they needed the model number of the stove. I gave them the model number and they told me it would take another week for the parts to get in. I complained to Landmark and the confirmed the parts would be in on Thursday (a month later) and the Gabriels would be calling me on Thursday to set up an appointment for Friday. Once again I never heard from Gabriel's on Thursday.Friday morning I got a call from the tech Al, but missed the call, I called him back right away and left a voicemail with a good number to reach me at. He attempted to call 30 minutes later but wasn't the number I left on the voicemail. He left me a message saying he is leaving this side of town and won't be back. But he didn't call me at the number requested on the voicemail I left. I called the office at Gabriels and they said there is nothing they can do. They said they don't have the parts yet, and won't be able to schedule the appointment until Monday. I asked why did Al call me to set the appointment if you don't have the part yet? I then asked directly do you have the parts yes or no and the only answer I could get from the office manager was that they received a shipment from Landmark. Then I asked why they didn't call to schedule the appointment on Thursday, the office manager told me that it was her fault and that she didn't have time. Then she proceeded to blame me for not answering my phone even though I gave Al a different number to cal. I asked her about their lack of customer service, and she said "Honestly, I know you're not receiving good service but there is nothing I can do." She never apologized for any of the mistakes rather put most of the blame on myself. Finally, with me not giving them a choice and arguing about it needing to be fixed on that day cause it had already taken a month and they had the parts and that it needed to be fixed that day. The tech was supposed to call when he was on his way. He never called and just showed up beat on the door in a very rude manor was rude the entire time he was in my home. I asked a question about the invoice he wanted me to sign as I was not going to pay a dime, and he was very very rude in his actions with me. This is the worst service I have received from any company in my entire life, and I will never do business with, recommend or have anything positive to say about the service at Gabriels Appliance.
4	The service tech did the repair professionally. But missed one small detail,  which he more than made up for. I recommend Gabriel's Appliance Service. Good job.
5	Mario serviced my refrigerator for me this week.  He was amazing.   Not only were they extremely accommodating to the very tight schedule that I have but the friendliness and professionalism was above and beyond what I expected!  What a great staff they have. Right from the initial phone call to scheduling my appointment, to the service being completed this company was excellent! Thank you and I look forward to doing business with you in the future.Lisa R
5	My trusty Hoover vacuum cleaner that has been a reliable standby for years developed a frayed power cord, so I brought it in to Gabriel's for repair. They were friendly, courteous and fixed it for minimal cost and in a timely manner even though it was the holidays. Cathy, Jeff and Derian are great. My vacuum is home and working better than ever! :)
