5	I almost hate to review this bar because I love it and I'm not sure I want it to get crowded :-) It's great that it's hidden away and hard to find, you don't even know it's there until you're right in front of it. If I'm in old town on a weekend night and I want a QUIET place to go and have a few drinks with someone, this is where I go. J. Chew's is JUST a tavern. No food, no DJ's, no dancing, no pool or darts. However it has a fantastic ambiance. A huge 2-story fireplace outside. A 2nd story patio that overlooks the park & old town. This is a FANTASTIC place to take a date for a drink, by the way!  It can be very romantic! The inside is very small, literally there is room only for the bar. But they have a large outdoor seating area that opens onto the Scottsdale Civic center plaza mall/park, and they have an upstairs section with a big fireplace that is really cozy on a chilly night. They play good music, but you never know what it'll be. It's the bartender's choice and sometimes they let the patrons call out a suggestion.Drinks are pricy here even by Scottsdale standards. But it works. Between the prices & the laid back quiet atmosphere, this is a bar for grown-ups, not kids. And the bartenders know how to mix a drink.
5	This bar is a legit hidden treasure - the real deal. It's tucked away in old town and if you don't know what you're looking for, you won't find it. I'll admit it had been many years since I came here, so I don't have a 'relationship' with this place. I went today though and was reminded how great it is. The same owners have had custody of it for well over 20 years and they took fantastic care of it. I asked one of the staffers about the owners and they pointed to the bar and sure enough, there they were... looking just like I remembered them from over a decade ago.When I first was introduced to this bar, I'm not even sure if I was old enough to drink there - if so, barely... There was this awesome lady playing jazz on a piano and singing. I can't even describe how great it was or be sure how accurately my memory serves me. Even though it has been four years since they have had regular jazz music performed live, the legend of it lives on in spirit. All of the 'hip' and 'cool' pumped into this joint over the years still seeps out of the walls. I had heard whispers and stories here and there that she died or committed suicide, but couldn't get a confirmation or denial from staff - just that they don't do jazz anymore. Bummer... I'm told they do have bands play sometimes though. Something I may have to investigate further, but I have my doubts about it being quite as cool.Still, the place has a fantastic sprawling patio that spills out and blends with the surroundings... you can also wander up a staircase to chill out with a date near a fireplace in a small cozy spot with a view of rooftops and Camelback mountain. Inside isn't much bigger than a repurposed train car, but with all the windows and doors opened, the place is indoor/outdoor. There were only a handful of people there when we went - they all seemed to be regulars and were pretty friendly. Having not been there in forever, I asked - apparently, they get a decent crowd on the weekends and it's mostly regulars - "industry" folk (meaning people who work in local restaurants and bars). It's not some type of downtown douchebox that most bars try to be... there's an obvious lack of pretension and a cool breezy attitude. Perhaps part of it was how beautiful the day was this Sunday afternoon in March and that this watering hole is the perfect spot to chill out with a cold drink on some rocks. A girl I was dating had introduced this place to me when I was about 20 - her little secret that she felt she could trust me enough to share. She loved the jazz lady and I remember going there with her to listen to music and we would chat with her between sets. Go check it out... you'll know within a few minutes if you love it or not. If so, then J Chew has chosen you.
5	My favorite bar in all of old town... I consider it "my bar".Small, cute, cozy, dark, affordable, smoking patio, and the perfect place for conversation! They make great Martinis too!This place has been here and relatively unchanged (for a reason) for 25 years. No food, sports games, or other distractions - come here to drink and talk.This is a MUST TRY in Scottsdale! Note: open limited days in the summer...
4	This bar's got personality.  Not mainstream or sceney, just laid back with good atmosphere and vibe.
1	Oh how I wanted to try this bar!  After walking around in circles trying to find the place...it was found!Post on the door..."Gone Fishing...be back in Mid-August."Uh....It is Aug 30th....
5	J Chews owners have retired and the place has recently been sold - I hear it is supposed to be reopened within a few months as another bar. Hope they will keep the chew vibe alive!
5	J CHEWS lives again - now called "Brackin's Bar" (at least by the owners) this classic Scottsdale lounge is back in business as of last week! YEA!!!!They have updated the decor and lowered the prices - so far, so good.
