1	I would not return without strong coaxing. The food was nothing special. We ordered one of the skillets. I can't remember the name but it was the only one with feta cheese. Maybe my expectations were off but, when I have ordered skillets at other restaurants, the ingredients were integrated. At The Griddle, each item (scrambled eggs, potatoes, chicken and feta cheese) appeared to be cooked, placed on the iron skillet separately and then served. Additionally, the chicken was dry. The waitress also did not charge us the correct price for egg whites but, my friend did not want to address this as it was only a $1 over what it should have been.I ordered the French toast as I heard The Griddle on Eastern was known for their French toast. The portion was a good size and they tasted fine. Not wonderful and not bad but, they would not bring me back to this restaurant over another place.
2	My wife and  decided to eat here on a Sunday morning, excited about try a new place for breakfast. What a mistake. I had the "Country Combo" which consisted of biscuits and gravy and potatoes. The potatoes were obviously not fresh as you could taste the freezer burn. The biscuit was actually ok, but the gravy was warm on one side and cold on the other. My wifes skillet on the other hand was just as bad. All of the ingredients were separated. All it was was melted cheese over freezer burned potatoes with a side of scrambled eggs. The staff was not impolite but not overly friendly either. We expected so much more. Sorry to say, we won't be coming back.
3	I was in the mood for a good breakfast and couldn't wait to check out what they had on the menu. I don't see a lot of places that offer chicken and waffles so when I spotted that I knew I had to try it! When it came out it wasn't what I was expecting. The waffle was beautiful it  kind of looked like a flower but the piece of chicken was disappointing. I was thinking the chicken would be like a drumstick not a chicken strip. It wasn't about the quantity ...I just think that they taste different. I would have rather had chicken that had bones in it. It would give it more of a "down home type of appeal". The waffle was fresh and I could tell that is wasn't frozen because it was crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.I thought the restaurant's decor could have been brighter. If you are going for mustard yellow why not go a step above and make it sunshine yellow!  I just think a brighter yellow would remind me more of breakfast . What can I say I love bright colors! The service was fine. The food came out in a timely manner and we didn't have to hunt down a waitress for refills. I just thought my entree could have been better .
2	Outside of myself and my daughter, there were only 4 tables with guests and 2 servers.  I'd say they weren't too busy.  Not sure why they were unable to warm my coffee up, ask how my meal was or check on us.I know it was breakfast time but my daughter asked for a Diet Coke. Standard, you'd think.  The server told us they were out.  He did however have someone run to Vons and p/u a couple of cans which he brought over to us when the meal was over.The food was mediocre and the potatoes in my skillet were far from cooked. Definitely not going back again.
5	What a great place! We went for the first time a couple of days ago since we were in the mood for breakfast. My son had the french toast and loved it. I had bacon and eggs and delicous home fried potatos! The food was great, the service friendly and professional, the prices are right! We will go back for sure!
5	Wow, what a breakfast!  The service was amazing and the food was perfect!  My son had eggs and silver dollar pancakes and then pancakes were better than expected.  I had the french toast which I do not usually order when out becuase the inside in usually soggy.  This was one of the best stack of french toast that I've had in years!  Cooked perfectly with the right amount of cinnamin.  I will be back and can't wait to try lunch!
4	Stopped in for lunch. The place is larger than I thought. It has a very nice open interior. It was very clean.The server came right over and she was lovely friend and I asked her for recommendations and she was very upfront and honest. I always appreciate that. I went with the special, which was beef tips with eggs, home fries and biscuits and gravy. It was great. I work across the street, so I will be back. It was nice too because we were in and out within my lunch hour.
4	Tried this place out yesterday! It was good! Clean restaurant! Great service! Very quiet. Great atmosphere!! I have the chicken fried steak and eggs, super yummy! Food came quickly which was awesome! Will definitely go back again!!
2	I am a HUGE breakfast/lunch fan -- and have tried all in my area and this one is just OK for me. We were seated promptly after arriving and greeted by a very nice server. The Red Velvet Pancake was okay and my waffle in its flower-shape was more entertaining to look at than appealing to my tummy. But it was very pretty nonetheless. My major gripe is that I was charged $1.99 for my child's drink even though we bought a kids meal. That's pretty ridiculous for me. Usually drinks come with the purchase of a children's meal. I am very conscious about pricing for my kids.. and this really annoyed me. And when  mama  ain't happy ... its not good.  I probably won't be back ..
2	How to recreate the Griddle omelet experience at home in 5 steps:1. Throw all your seasonings and spices out the window. Don't forget the salt & pepper.2. Use canned products whenever possible. Cook omelet until it reaches the consistency of styrofoam.3. Roughly chop some potatoes and cook only until they are slightly browned on one side. Remember step #1.4. Plate your creation.5. Lay a Kraft Singles cheese slice on top the whole mess.Adding one star because the servers were attentive and the patio is nice.
5	Awesome service.  One of the best places to go in Summerlin.  Highly recommend if you have kids.
4	The pancakes are large and you receive large portions. The meals are very reasonably price. Everything was delicious!!
4	We found this place after searching for something off the strip. The reviews were so-so, but that didn't stop us. I'm so glad. We were there pretty early, so it wasn't crowded. Service was prompt and friendly. Prices were a little bit more than I normally pay for breakfast, but hey, it's Vegas and I was on vacation. I ordered the chicken and waffle, and boy was it good. The waffle was in the shape of a flower and it was delicious. The chicken was a boneless breast that was perfectly fried. The meal was very filling and really good. The hub ordered an egg breakfast with home fries, toast and bacon. He ate it all with a smile on his face. The biggest thing is they got his eggs right which doesn't always happen, and the bacon was rockin'. So he was happy. We will definitely go back when in Vegas.
1	Let's just say I would never recommend this place.  It takes a lot for me to get up and walk out of a place after ordering, but everything that could be wrong with a restaurant experience is exactly what we experienced at this place. And we never did get to the food.  After 40 minutes with only beverage service, it was not worth torturing ourselves to wait.  So we went next door to chronic tacos and had a great crane asada burrito in no time at all. Skip this place and save yourself the frustration.
3	Visiting friends in Las Vegas and they suggested the Griddle for breakfast. Overall -- good just not special.My hash was bland and my sons crab cake eggs benedict was not that good. The pancakes looked full and fluffy and the bacon more fat than sizzle. Eggs were cooked correctly and  fruit was fresh and coffee good.
4	We stopped in here for breakfast on the morning we were leaving Las Vegas. There was an IHOP nearby but I'm really glad we ended up here. The eggs Benedict minus Canadian bacon was pretty tasty. They get real points for personality here though. Our server was really sweet and efficient even though she was brand new. I saw lots of folks who I suspect are regulars having coffee and breakfast. It really has that mom and pop feel to it.
1	Ordered pancakes & sausage for breakfast. Pancakes looked delish, sausage was half cooked. Sent them back to kitchen to finish cooking . Ate 1 of 2 huge pancakes. Tasted ok, nothing special; had terrible gassy stomach all day & "the runs"! Was sick until 11 pm & couldn't stay out of bathroom. Husband ordered bacon & eggs; bacon was half cooked too; sent it back to kitchen to finish cooking.  His tummy was ok.  If you go, stay away from the pancakes & stick with the eggs!
1	I ordered the Traditional eggs Benedict. it came out very quickly. The hollandaise sauce lacks traditional taste and actually had a very odd taste. not sure what the odd taste was but it was odd. i requested the hash browns extra crispy which only came out crispy on one side and wasn't even cooked on the bottom so they were basically half cooked and mushy in the middle. yuck! i could only choke down half the plate. the coffee is pretty bitter as well. 1 star and that's being generous.
3	It isn't anything spectacular but it isn't terrible either. Sometimes the food is a little extra crispy and sometimes it is just right. I would give it 4 stars but really must give it 3 because it isn't consistent every time and certain things have been questionable. I will say this though, IHOP is right across the street but I would defiantly choose this place over them any day. That still doesn't say a whole lot about this place.I usually order waffles. If it isn't overcooked it is very tasty. I tried the chicken and waffles once but the chicken just seems like a frozen chicken finger they nuked and put on top.  The eggs are usually the only thing cooked perfect and they do taste good. I have asked for sides before such as extra ranch or mayo and gotten weird extras in the cup it was brought in. Basically, this place isn't bad every once in a while but to take family and friends I would go t Rachel's Kitchen or up to Bagel Cafe. I get a coupon every now and then in the mail and that is when I generally eat there.
5	Tried this place for brunch one day with the honey and it was delicious! We were seated right away and our food didn't take too long, either. It was a relaxing atmosphere, very homey. The food was really good and they are not stingy with their portions! We barely ate half of our food and our waiter was very generous with the coffee. Our waiter was really attentive and friendly overall. We will definitely be going back!
5	We had a scramble that came with biscuits and gravy and a burger with tortilla soup. Large portions and great quality of food. We'll definitely be back.
4	Great food and atmosphere for the kids and us.
2	I had heard that The Griddle had amazing Red Velvet Pancakes so I was very excited to try them and compare them to my favorite ones at Babystacks Cafe. We walked in mid-morning on a Sunday and the place was very empty with only 4 parties seated in the large space. That should've been a warning sign, but as we were starving  .. we decided to stay and give it a try. I opted for the Red Velvet Pancakes and my dining partner got the Waffle. My pancakes came out and looked ok. But the taste was not there. They were soggy and mushy, and didn't taste like Red Velvet at all. And to make it worse, they decided to top it off with some Raspberry syrup. YUCK! I ate about 1/4 of the order and just couldn't eat any more. Anyone who knows me knows that it must have been pretty bad as I love pretty much Red Velvet anything and hate to waste food. My friend said the Waffle was okay, nicely done, but it was "nothing to write home about." Our server was prompt and friendly but didn't really check back to see how we liked our food or if we needed anything else. They offer a nice menu and the prices are fair, but with so many other great breakfast venues in the area, I will definitely not be back.
3	I went to this place hopping to find sometime different for breakfast and to be honest I was a little disappointed. The food was not bad, but I didn't see anything special to it. I ordered the benedicts eggs and my friend got the southwest griddle.  My plate was not as great as I expected, however, the griddle looked a lot better.  I will give this place another chance and order a griddle or the red velvet packages which appear to be the most popular plates.  The services and the atmosphere were just ok.
5	Very good breakfasts and very friendly service.  An almost every weekend visit from our family.
3	A nice local eatery that does breakfast pretty well - not to die for, but if you want a sit down breakfast without having to stand in line, this is a good spot!  Coffee is hot and continuous, their menu isn't overwhelming, but is adequate.  I usually order up an omelet with some veggies which comes with toast and potatoes. Never disappointed!  We've also had their skillets (which are huge!) and breakfast burrito (there are many other places I'd recommend for better burritos!).  Very kid friendly - my girls get the happy face pancakes which is quite a bit of p'cakes or the eggs, potatos and toast (for my anti-meat unless its a McDonalds cheeseburger child)  -always goes over well! Service is usually timely, nothing quick, but very ordinary.  The atmosphere is nice - wide open decorated space.  You don't come out with the sensory overload or greasy bacon smell lingering in your hair either.  That's always a bonus! :)  Definitely worth a try!
1	The other yelp reviews are extremely generous.  Went here for brunch on Sunday. I ordered a burger, medium.  It was way beyond well done.  McDonalds has a tastier burger.  Service was even worse than the food.  The food took what seemed like forever to arrive, probably because they wanted to make sure my burger was really cooked.  I ordered a coffee that never came.  No excuse for the bad service since the restaurant was mostly empty.
2	Hmmmmmmm.  How to describe The Griddle.  A no frills, typical cafe diner with frozen/ready made chicken and potatoes, rubbery scrambled eggs, unripe fruit, and gross coffee.  But their lemon blueberry pancake was delicious.  They got an extra star for that.
5	Great place for everything breakfast! First off, Frank (owner) is the best. I love the atmosphere of the place. The waffle is killer. One of the best pancakes in the city. The french toast was masterful. Don't go by reviews of people trying to be Gordon Ramsey! They're not. I'd looked for 2 years in the Las Vegas area for a pancake that could measure up to that of Cracker Barrel...I found it here. The Grand Cafe at Green Valley Ranch is the only other place that has a great pancake with awesome taste BEFORE you add the syrup and butter. Come to The Griddle! It's worth it.
3	Nice, happy little place I tried for the first time.  The service was great with the staff really seemed to like what they are doing.  We had a Philly skillet with a side of biscuits and gravy, and the BLT with soup.  The food was what you'd expect from breakfast/lunch diner with nothing really blowing my socks off.  That being said, I'll definitely go back here before I'd go to the IHOP across the street.  I love a good mom and pop shop!
4	A nice, clean, convenient location for me although it can be a bit hard to find the first time since it is in the corner of the mall. If you are in the area shopping at Von's, CVS or any of the other stores at Village Center Circle, you might as well drop by here for breakfast or lunch. I usually have an eggwhite omelette and add things like turkey sausage, spinach, fresh cut jalapenos and green or red peppers. The service is friendly and quick and they have a play area for kids. It is a family run operation and one of the owners is almost always around so it shows that they care about their business. Good place to start the day.
1	This place was good the first time I went like 6 months ago I went there today and it was a disaster. I ordered a BLT my bacon was a stale and looked green my fries were not hot at all it was like my food had been sitting around for 20 min. My friend got breakfast the sausage tasted like plastic the bread was crumbly and the eggs looked like the processed eggs from McDonalds. I am not one to complain at all but after eating a part of the BLT my stomach is killing me. They need a new chef they took my order off but with the disappointment of the food still had to pay 10dollars will never go back again.
5	We just moved here and found this little gem.  If you like down home cooking, then this place is for you!  I ordered the breakfast burrito for my 4 year old daughter and holy smokes it was HUGE and we totally could have shared.  I got the two hotcake combo and again it was much more than I ever could have eaten.  The food was hot and really fantastic.  The service was great and the coffee kept coming.  I think we will make this our Friday morning regular.
4	Good service and very accommodating. Nice egg white omelet and the skillet potatoes are soft but crispy on the bottom. My friend had the pancakes and although I don't usually eat pancakes they were pretty tasty. It was a little breezy so I sat inside but glad to find a spot that has some outdoor seating.  I'll be back to try some lunch and sit on the patio next time.
4	The food is good and the customer service is good. What more can you ask for? Faster service! We come here on our lunch time so we usually have less than an hour. This place is never packed and doesnt have more than 2-3 tables at a time, but for some reason it takes a long time for the food to come out. Just make sure you ask for the check and to-go boxes when you get your food.
2	Bleh. Bland, underdone diner food. Needed serious salt and some additional time on the griddle. Soggy potatoes, ok omelet. Wouldn't go back.
4	I grew up on the east coast where we have "diners."  The Griddle is like those.  Good food and real, friendly service.  They are open for breakfast and lunch.  I have gone for both.  There are plenty of tables - in my 8-9 visits I have never waited more than 15 seconds to be seated.  I have ordered menu modifications and the servers remained very cheerful and the order came out right each time.  The prices are very fair.  (There is no super cheap option like you might see at Denny's, but the food is much, much better than you'd get at Denny's).  The only thing I can really think of to make the place better is to find a way to make the interior a little more cozy.  It is bright, open and very clean, but it is a little bare bones as far as decor.  I did not visit with small kids, but I saw that they have a play area and toys away from the main part of the dining room.
1	Couldn't even finish my lunch, maybe this place is great for breakfast but it's terrible for lunch.The waitress was very friendly and gave us a discount but the food was just bad, bland and a little gross.
5	The best pancakes ever!!! I had the lemon blueberry pancakes they were so tasty! I enjoyed my sides as well. My Hun had the chicken and waffles which was really tasty as well. Service was fast, I just wish it was closer to my house :(
3	Stopped in for some quick eats, but we got rained in and decided to hang out in the little kids area they have in the corner!+1 for The Griddle for being extremely KID FRIENDLY!We ordered the Red Velvet Pancakes. These had TONS of chocolate chips in the batter and lots of yummy chocolate and strawberry sauce. Good choice!   Soul eats up pancakes like there is no tomorrow, and he was very satisfied with the portion size too!The pancakes come with a side of eggs and bacon or sausage (or both).  I chose the latter, and everything was solid but not outstanding.I think this is a great place to get some breakfast :)Pics:
3	Very Friendly staff.. I like the little kids play area. It kept our toddler busy. Food was nothing special, quite bland and coffee tasted old. Overall it was nice and we will come back bec of the kids area & service.
3	Hi, had breakfast here recently and really was not too impressed.  The good news is the place is clean and roomy with a kids area for little ones to play in.  So that is all nice.  But the food is somewhat lacking.  The menu is not that large in the first place and then the food we had was lacking.  We had an omelet with potatoes and the potatoes were undercooked and inedible.  Also had red velvet pancakes and those were ok, but those who know about/have tried Babystacks' version, I have to say those are better by a mile.  So I am not sure I will be back there are so many breakfast places in the area that mediocre really doesn't do it.
2	The name has changed to Griddlecakes and that's not all that had changed. The quality of the food and service has gone down and the prices have gone up. We won't be back.
4	The crab cake eggs Benedict was delicious. They have a very nice, relaxing outdoor patio. And Ryan was a great server.
1	I joined a friend and my parents here for breakfast on my birthday.  We had dined here before as it is walking distance from my parents' house.  We will not be going back.  Our whole experience was dreadful.  Several items we ordered were not available - at 10am on a Sunday, they were out of French toast.   We waited more than 30 minutes for our food to arrive.  We had a small child who ordered a fruit cup, and yet that took over 30 minutes too.  I got up to refill my own water cup.  I got up again to ask for a refill of coffee for my dad.   We complained.  We asked to speak to the manager.   They did little to remedy our experience, stating only that it was a new cook and the line was backed up.   There were a number of empty tables.   It was clear to us that they were not staffed appropriately.   We were in the restaurant over an hour and a half.   Not exactly the way I wanted to start my birthday!
2	My breakfast and my boyfriends was very bland. We got the waffles and the blueberry lemon pancakes. The pancakes didn't even slightly taste like lemon and the waffles were mediocre. Although the presentation was nice, I won't be coming back.
5	I love this place! The service is stellar and they remembered us after only a couple times in. We usually get a skillet and the potatoes are perfectly done. Buttery crust on the outside and soft on the inside. The biscuits and gravy have been taken up a notch recently and are just delish! I love that I don't get that nasty sluggish feeling after eating here either! Just like a good home cooked meal. They have a few locations but you can still feel that it's a family run business:) At the Summerlin location my bf and I sit outside on the patio when the weather's nice, we eat inside when we've got the kids because they have a great little play area that keeps them entertained:) One of our favorite breakfast spots, hands down!
1	Griddle cakes does not have their SuMmerline location......too bad they can't update their information on this site.  We wasted our time looking for the place.....went over to Egg Works.
