5	After a week of hearing about our friend's hell of having their AC go out this past weekend, then have it fixed Monday, just to break again Wednesday morning and to not get fixed until today (Saturday)... the wife and I decided to call the landlord and ask for a maintenance check on our AC... just in case.  This AC doesn't work nearly as well as the one at our old house did, so we were slightly concerned anyway.So one of their people come out... And he was the nicest guy.  He explained a lot of things to me, tips and tricks and general info that's good for an air conditioning dumbass like me.A nice little tidbit that I enjoyed... The return vent is NOT for human air quality control.  If you want to control the air quality in your home, use those Ionic Breeze things instead, or have a HEPA system installed for your AC.   Do NOT use those thick hypo allergenic/scented/etc. filters as it just strains your system and can cause break downs and inhibit the air flow.You know those piece of crap filters with the cardboard frame with the blue "stuff" that you can see right thru that the landlords give you to put up in your return? Use those.  Brian said that you are just wasting your money because the moment you open your door to go outside, you are breathing more crap than ever and letting it all in anyway.So anyway... now that I've lectured you all and pretended like I knew everything about air conditioners, I just wanted to tell you that these guys really do know what they are doing... hire them. :)Brian said he can get parts within a day.  Your AC goes out? He'll have you up and running the next day at the latest.But... they do not take home warranties.  You will have to pay for the repair yourself with these guys... but this is one of the few cases where I believe it's worth it.
5	After reading the review by Jessica P. I decided to give Sorensen's a call, and I was very happy with the results. My heat went out, so I gave them a call and Brian came out a few hours later. He was very efficient and knowledgeable and was able to repair it. Even knowing he had other service calls to go on that night, he took the time to answer all my questions. He even went the extra mile and looked at my water heater for me after mentioning that the hot water didn't last long. I will definitely be calling them for all my ac and heating needs. I suggest giving them a call. BTW I am an actual client.
5	My fiance and I decided to give Brian a call after some friends of ours had him out to look at their problematic air conditioner. After they had some bad experiences with some other local heating and cooling companies, I knew that he had to be good from how much they raved about him. I really liked him from the minute I met him. He showed up on time, he called a half an hour ahead to give me notice, and his manners didn't stop there. He's a genuinely nice, hard-working, and honest guy. He spent about two hours at our house, even though he got here at 5pm and still had other calls after us. He wrote up an extremely detailed list of all of the things that needed to be repaired and gave us bids for each one. He was also upfront about the fact that the repairs don't need to be done right away, and he hung around and answered all of our questions afterward. We will definitely be using him for ALL of our future heating and cooling needs. We wouldn't even think of using anyone else.
5	Best experience ever! I am not going to bore you with the details of my A/C problems, but what I will say is that I was in pretty bad shape. Brian came out the same day I called (A Saturday by the way), did an extremely thorough review of my systems, spent almost 6 hours at my house explaining detail by detail what was going on.  He didn't even mind that I tagged along to watch his every move as that is the type of guy I am... I like to know everything about my house and the equipment in it. Boy did I get a great education and Brian was as nice and professional as anyone could ever ask for. I had some pretty serious problems with two of the three units but Brian got us running for the week until the parts required to completely fix my problem became available. It turned out that I needed to have two coils replaced and they are not cheap, but Brian worked some magic and got them both covered under warranty which in my opinion was above and beyond. Overall I would not hesitate to call on Sorensen Heating and Cooling for any HVAC needs in the future. They are professional, knowledgable, fairly priced, and just a great company to work with. I recommend them to anyone who has HVAC needs, whether it be new installs, service, or just regular maintenance. Brian is the owner, a family guy, and just exactly what one would expect from a hard working entrepreneur that really cares about his business and reputation. Call Sorensen Heating and Cooling and without a doubt you will be taken care of! Thanks Brian... you saved us!
5	Our AC had died and been repaired by one AC company but never felt like it was working properly, I decided to have another AC company come out and perform a check up. The second AC company gave me a list of problems that need to be fixed so I contacted my home warranty company and thankfully they sent Brian from Sorensen out. He was friendly, HONEST, and very knowledgeable. He didn't mind me hovering around him as he worked and he pointed out problems and explained them to me as he found them. The home warranty company decided to replace our AC and I was thankful that they used Sorensen once again to install the new unit. BY FAR THE BEST AC COMPANY I HAVE EVER DEALT WITH!
5	Absolutely would recommend this company. We had noticed our AC was blowing warmer than usual and taking a really long time to cool the house in March. Got Sorensen out within a day or two and he came out and looked everything over and explained everything as he went. Found out we had a hole in the coil that was leaking coolant (he found out we had NO coolant left). He gave us several options: fix it now, do a quick fix and see if it works, or patch. He explained the pros and cons of each option and the approximate cost of each option. We opted to do a quick fix and find the money to replace the coil in a few months. The manufacturer (which our contractor chose, and had nothing to do with Sorensen) was really difficult to deal with and kept delaying but Sorensen kept me in the loop and let me know as soon as it was in. Even with a major issue from the initial installation (again, our contractor's issue!!!), he was extremely friendly and efficient. This company definitely knows their field, and it was great to get a better understanding of how our AC works and what could go wrong. It is so difficult to find a good company you can trust, especially in the middle of summer here in Phoenix, but this company totally fits the bill. I will absolutely be using them in the future and I highly recommend them to anyone looking!
5	Honest, Prompt, Courteous.  We found Sorensen on Yelp and decided to try him due to the great reviews and we were not disappointed.I was able to get an appointment within 2 days. Brian, the owner, did a diagnostic on the A/C system and told me what he thought should be done, but didn't try to up-sell me.  He replaced our malfunctioning fan and the unit works great now.  Will definitely recommend to friends and family and will use him again.  It's always nice to be able to use a locally owned and operated business.
5	Excellent service! I Would definitely recommend them. Brian was knowledgeable and good at explaining what he was doing and why he was doing it. He was also able to answer any questions I had.
5	After much research - both on Yelp and other website searches - I narrowed down my pick to a few companies.  After talking to each of the companies on the phone, I was most impressed with Sorensen.  The lady was helpful, thorough, and knowledgeable - the only one with all three qualities.  Honestly, the other ones had no redeemable qualities whatsoever and they all sounded annoyed to even explain "what's included" in their maintenance package.  Really?I basically wanted them to come for an annual maintenance check before the summer heat really kicked in.  We had a rough start.  I was cancelled on then rescheduled; I didn't pick up the phone and respond in time on the rescheduled date to let them know it was OK to come so I was cancelled on again and had to wait another week before they could come back out.  I really just wanted to go with someone else at this point but decided against it - good thing.  TIP: RESPOND to their phone call!!  If not, they just go to the next appointment.  So third times a charm.  Now, I don't like dealing with A/C people.  We've had issues in the past with other companies and I always feel like they are selling me something I don't need but when you don't know anything about how stuff like this works, what are you going to do?  You know when your A/C works and you definitely know when it doesn't.  That's the extent of my knowledge.Needless to say, when Brian started telling me everything wrong with our units, I could feel my blood pressure rising and our wallets shrinking.  BUT ... I will say this, he's the only person who has come to our house and explained stuff that was wrong with our units by giving us a straight answer.  How do I know they were straight answers?  Well, I guess I don't.  I may not know much about how A/C units run but I usually do pretty good when I go with my gut and my gut felt like I could trust these folks.  I've always been given the run around about why the heck our units leaked Freon and always thought something was wrong that we had to keep getting it topped off every year.  Brian on the other hand told me exactly what he would do to fix the Freon leak - something that should never happen to your units by the way, which I knew, but no one has ever properly fixed, even when I asked about it. Even though this visit instead of costing us a few hundred turned out to be a few thousand, we were given an honest answer on our repairs, I felt.  Our living room never feels like it's cooling down during the height of the summer heat.  Even though we're not at peak heat season yet, I really do feel like the units are all running more smoothly.  I guess only time will tell if the repairs really helped but I'm optimistic that it did!  So we had to forgo our Hawaii vacation and opt for something closer to home this year but if our units continue to run as smoothly as it has for the past few weeks, it was certainly worth it!I will definitely use these folks in the future.
3	Tried to schedule an AC tuneup on their website online form, which didn't work. No answer when calling the office phone. After 3 tries, finally reached someone. On the scheduled day, we were told someone would call before they arrived at the scheduled time. No one called. Two attempts to reach someone in the office failed. Half an hour after the scheduled time, they called and said they would be there in 30-45 minutes. They instead arrived 90 minutes later. Once onsite, the technician performed the work satisfactory. Only a couple hundred dollars of repairs found. In conclusion, the work was performed well , but their customer service is severely lacking. Had it not been for the 5-star reviews, I would have given up and went with someone else.
5	I just had my AC repaired. I called early this morning and got a return call within 2.5 hours.  They were able to have someone come out to my house the same day.  I also got a phone call 30 mins before his arrival to let me know he was on his way. The customer service on the phone was kind and Ray who came to my house was professional and nice and explained what was going on.
