4	They do a great job but don't go here if you are in a hurry. They are trained to allow time for you to relax and enjoy the experience.  Great mani pedi if you have the time to truly enjoy the experience
1	The service is TOP Notch, wine, champagne, bottled water, great customer service in a very prestigious area which I live in & appreciate..SO I THOUGHT until I was DONEMy nails chipped in 2days (Shouldn't happen with a 2 week manicure), I noticed the polish was SUPER thin which means they put polish remover in it to stretch it which ruins the integrity of the polish. They also use scrappers on the foot, WHO DOES this STILL??? The Pomice should be used for skin on the food to avoid skin peeling.It took about 3 hours to get a mani and pedi when I ALWAYS go to Nail Trix in Columbia, MD and get the BEST Gelish Mani and PEDI on EARTH and it takes no more than 1hour and 30minutes and it truly last 2 weeks...
1	Horrible experience.  I took my little girl for some much needed mommy/daughter time. we both wanted a simple mani/pedi.  They only had one person working on both of us at the same time and it took 2 1/2 hours!  Yet so many other customers were coming in after us and they received a person who only serviced them.  The work was sloppy and my daughter was very unhappy with her mani/pedi and mine is very mediocre.  Worst $100 I've ever spent.
5	Really nice place with friendly, attentive staff.  Great location and walk-ins are welcome.Fun place to go luxuriate with friends.  They do take reservations.VISA only and prefer tips in cash.  Price-point for both manicure and pedicures.Parking plentiful.  Drive up to third level on deck and just walk across breezeway.
5	Top notch place in Ballantyne area to be pampered.  Super nice, professional staff.  It's more than just a mani or pedi.  There is a massage aspect that is unbeatable.The price is excellent.  Convenient parking and lots of things to do in the area.Family owned and operated.  And they don't mind helping out the occasional dude keeping himself presentable for wife.
4	I went here one day on a whim. The regular manicure was 15 dollars and they did a great job. The pedicure station looked great and I would love to give it a shot next time. The only thing I dislike is parking being so difficult. You must park and walk up a few flights o f stairs.  The offer complimentary beverages and my polish lasted for about a week.
4	Be prepared to be here a while because their mani/pedi's take a little while but oh are they worth it! Hands down the best massages (and really that's the best part of a mani/pedi to me). They take their time and I've always been happy with my results. The only reason for not giving them 5 stars is because they do use thinners in some of their polishes to make them last longer, however, I can usually tell if I get one of those with the first coat (it'll look super thin) and always ask for a third coat to make up for it. SN: They also have a really big gel polish selection, which is nice!
5	Love this place! The ladies are wonderful and the service is always great. ALWAYS call ahead if you can so you can breeze right in to a pedi chair. I take my young daughter with me and they are so sweet to her. Highly recommend!
