4	Bought many a cigar at Tinder Box. Despite the fact it's at the mall, I still go there for my cigars. That says something right?
4	Since moving to Charlotte in early 2011, Tinder Box has become my number one stop for good cigars. They have a huge well kept humidor room, helpful staff, and most important some really great cigars.One of my favorite things about this place is that every employee seems to be a seasoned cigar smoker. They are rather friendly, and verily astute regarding their products. If you have a friend or loved one whom is a cigar smoker and you, yourself are not, these folks can help you.The prices are on par. Again, the selection is extensive. The only thing I don't really like about it is the location. It is in the basement of the South Park mall, hence, it can be hectic finding a place to park sometimes.I have been smoking cigars for a couple years and have been to a lot of cigar shops in a lot of cities. Some with better selections. Many with better parking, but rarely any with collective experience and helpfulness of the folks at tinderbox.
3	Fair selection. Beautiful store. Zero Opus X. Marginally friendly salespeople.
4	I don't smoke, but my husband loves the occasional cigar, so since we were at the mall shopping anyway, I stopped in here with him to indulge his habit. The store is in the basement level of the Southpark Mall, and it's not very big, but they have a large selection of cigars in a climate controlled room. The salespeople tend to disappear into a room behind the counter area... I assume there's a TV or something in there... but they reappear as needed and are helpful. There is a small room in the back of the store where you can smoke your purchases, and because I had already spent most of our family budget at the mall and had no other shopping to do, I hung out with my husband while he smoked whatever it was he bought. I was the only woman in the place, and I sort of felt like I was intruding on a private club, but the leather chairs were super comfy, and I don't mind the smell of cigars/pipes.
2	Selection is nice, lounge is decent too. Largest complaint I have is the staff at every tinder box location I've been to are simply salesman with no goal to help the customer. For instance, I witnessed an employee suggest a first timer a $15 dollar julius Caesar which is too much (price wise and flavor wise) for a newcomer. Also, the same guy pointed out a davidoff to me when I was in the mood for a cheap mild cigar since it was early in the day. The employees are just there for a job and generally don't know much about cigars, this is mainly evident at the Providence location.
