1	Not much in the way of culinary excellence in Sun City West. This particular Applebee's not only had microwaved crappy food but made me sick. Stay away.
2	We got a giftcard for Christmas so we thought we'd give Applebees another try.  My son actualy insisted I write this review during our dinner so some of this review will contain his words.Caught up to hubby and son at Applebees after a PTA meeting and they had already ordered appetizers. The cheesesticks were pretty basic. Cheesy, crispy, and not bad though the marinara was bland. The steak quesadilla thing was decent too. I'm sorry I don't know exactly what its called...that's what son called it. It was like a burrito though and not a quesadilla but I don't care enough to go look. Again, the flavor was ok, but just not sure what to expect.Dinner however was just blah. Hubby and our friend each ordered the Quesadilla burger. Both said it was totally bland. Hubby had coleslaw which was overdressed. Friend had french fries which were crispy and hot but bland. Hubby added mayo and ketchup and that still didn't help the burger though. I had the 3 cheese chicken penne. Bland. Thank god they put diced tomatoes in it or there wouldn't be any color to it either. The pasta was overcooked and also appeared to have been sitting around in another vessel before I got it because it was very oddly bent for penne.My son had a rueben. He's used to the ruebens at Archie's Deli which are A-MAZING. This one at Applebees was so very salty that he couldn't eat it. The meat wasn't fresh and the saurkraut was clearly from a can. He was very disappointed and after 3 bites informed me that I better Yelp this restaurant because it's TERRIBLE and people need to know.Now the only saving grace was our server. I didn't catch her name but she was friendly, polite, unintrusive, and kept our drinks filled. She brought the food out while it was hot rather than letting it sit in the window and the crappy food wasn't her fault at all. That's the only reason Applebees didn't get 1 star.
2	Not a stellar location for Applebee's.  I am trying to forget the whole Ricky-Bobby thing and just be subjective.  What really loses me here is the menu.  Seriously high sodium fatty foods that always taste less than fresh.  I have to pass on these guys in the future.  There is no compelling reason to eat here.  Lots of other good options in the area.The Reuben is a salty mess.
2	3 of us went out to dinner there because we had a gift card and all 3 of our dishes were disappointing. 2 of us got the 2 for 20 deal, boneless wings (which weren't bad but honestly how do you mess up boneless wings), the new Bourbon Street Chicken and Shrimp (the other guy got the same meal) and shrimp and i got the Fiesta Lime Chicken. Parts of the chicken were burnt and dry; and the Bourbon Chicken and Shrimp lack flavor and complementary sides. The service in the bar where we sat wasn't too bad though... the food just sucked.
2	I've came here a couple of times. Nothing special here, just another big name franchise. You can tell they try to cater the younger customers. Never been a big fan of this franchise, but will come back to try something new or meet up with someone? Food is usually salty and not much flavor. There is a lot of other options out there for you to try instead.
3	They are going through a remodeling phase right now so the atmosphere is kinda weird. And the food never looks like the pictures!!
1	I went here recently for dinner with my family and about 5 minutes after our appetizer arrived so did our dinner so we didn't even get a chance to enjoy our first round. The steak I ordered was way undercooked when I asked for medium well, It was so red it was dripping.  Our server was very nice about the situation but it was the manager that had an attitude.  The manager explained to me that medium well takes a long time to cook and that's why my new steak was taking so long.. Of course I know that it takes a long time. That's why I was surprised it came out so quick. Terrible service from the manager and I won't be returning.
5	My wife and I had lunch at Applebees on 1/10/14.  As usual, we ordered off the lunch menu.  The last time we were here, I ordered the mac/cheese and it wasn't very good...kind of watery with little cheese.  I ordered the m&C again and this time it came prepared perfectly.  Our server, Jennifer B was very attentive without being overbearing.  Our server asked me to take their survey at my convenience and showed me the information on the receipt for taking the survey.  I took the survey today, answered all the questions, gave the experience a very good rating until I came to the last section of the survey...Applebees wanted my full name and address plus phone number and I would not give that information.So Applebees, here's a suggestion for you...if you want your guests to provide answers to a survey, MAKE IT ANONYMOUS!  The 5 star rating is for the restaurant, food and service.   I give the survey a 0.1 star rating.
4	Writer was a bit slow and I had to ask for things several times, but the food was good.
1	Take your time and money elsewhere. Stopped in on the way home from Vegas yesterday. It was 11:30 and although I hated being that guy that comes in 30 minutes before closing time, we were starving and had to. The staff at Applebee's took a new approach to how to treat customers who walk in a little before closing... They ignored us. We sat at the table for about 10 minutes, making eye contact with multiple staff members. Soon enough we had it and walked over to the bar and grill next door, who was more than happy to serve us and take our money!Will never go back to this location, let alone any other Applebee's.
1	In from Chicago.  It was not my idea to come to this place but went with the program.  Never a fan of this place.   Food bad but service was great.  No wonder why Applebee's closed locations in Chicago.  Wasted our money. I hate that. If yelp let me give this place less than one star I would. But one star is deserved for service.
1	The service is horrible . Don't waste your time or money. You'll get better service at Jack in the box .
1	This place gets a 1 star because the server was nice besides that WOW We ordered the spinach artichoke Dip ( I have had at other applebees) It came out looking like someone dumped a can of Cream spinach in a bowl it didn't even have the cheese on top just green mush. The chips looked like the bottom of the bag and tasted like it to stale and super salty. I ordered the Chicken Penne it came out with mushy over cooked noodles with Alfredo thrown on top the chicken looked like scraps of a leftover plate. All I can say it Yuk. The bread was still frozen in the center. I have had this dish at other Applebees and it never looked or tasted like this one. My Husband got Fish & Chips ( We also have had at other Applebees) This one came out on a plate not a basket. The fish was a dark Brown color like it was fried in old grease and under the fish was a pool of yellow grease. The forgot the Fry's Haha they actual forgot the chip part of Fish & Chips. We called the server over and right away she knew what was wrong and stated she could tell the Fish was way to greasy. The Manager came over and just brushed everything off. I do not believe he tried to fix the situation. We did not want replacement food so we tipped the waitress because it's not her fault the Kitchen sucks and we left never to return. Applebees Surprise is off the list. Worst Applebees we have ever been to. You are better off with Burger King.
