1	Food's good but the waiters are way too laid back and even impolite at times.One waiter is looking insistently at my girlfriend. Not that I am jealous or that I lack confidence but they shall know when to behave like they are in a bar and when to behave like they are at work. I went twice there and the same waiter was intensively checking out female customers every time.The other waiter wouldn't take my order properly as he was standing very far from me when taking notes (like I was apparently supposed to shout at him to say what I wanted). He did dare arguing with me that I shall have said something as soon as I noticed that he wasn't proposing me the proper sauces accompanying my meal...It's the french school of waiting, where being impolite is accepted. The difference is that, in France, tipping 15% of the bill is not the norm. I'm waiting for much more coming from a supposedly chic establishment (at last when one looks at the prices).Montreal does not lack of good restaurants with servers providing great service. I'm definitely not going back to Lemeac before a long time.
4	Love this place. A great back-up brunch resto (no lines ), excellent service, amazing oyster bar... it tends to skew a bit old but that's part of the charm...
4	chez leveque came highly recommended, but after reading a few reviews online i was a bit apprehensive. but after we checked the place out, i have to say i was pretty impressed!first off, the bread was great and the busboy/waiter came by often asking if we wanted more. they had two options, regular baguette and a rye bread with nuts, both of which were great. my friends and i went for the $21 after 9PM, which is a really reasonable price for an appetizer and a main dish (since usually, their entrees are in the 20-25 range). i had the french onion soup, which was great- tons of cheese, lots of flavor. maybe a bit too salty, though. i had the fish of the day, which was halibut. also really tasty and the sauce was perfect, but i'm afraid they overcooked the fish. it still tasted good, but the consistency wasn't exceptional because it was on the grill one or two minutes too long. i also read a lot of bad things about the service, but i have to say all the waiters and waitresses we interacted with were cordial and efficient, so i definitely can't complain on that front. overall a good experience, so i'd recommend it!
5	I've walked by Chez Leveque (The Bishop's in English) several times over the years but never had dinner. So when we saw a recent deal we decided it was time to try it. And are we glad that we did! The maitre d' greated us warmly. Excellent bistro menu, the lobster bisque was superb. The service was excellent and attentive and the waiters really worked as a team. All the food was properly spiced. I'm usually not a fan of bistro, but this was excellent. Even the terrasse in front was so nice (with no smokers). The bread fresh, the water glass filled and the male waiter was so professional. Definitely recommended.Oh.... and slip upstairs to the bathroom, the door glass is made to resemble a church window and there is ecclesiastical music playing. A very nice touch.
5	My friend who lives in Montreal recommended this secret little gem while we were visiting in the summer. We were looking for French food but less expensive than what your generic google search would spit out. I really gotta give them 5 stars as my experience was impeccable.The food was excellent at every point along the way. Several different kinds of locally baked breads and a wide wine selection, along with our waiter who recommended a great wine choice, which made way for several different appetizers for each person's taste. I got the escargots which were far better than ones I had tried previously, made with a simple garlic and butter sauce. Their basic salad with other prix fixe meals was also lovely, and the cheese plate was great as well.Choosing my actual entree was not as simple. Had I asked more questions, perhaps I would have chosen differently, but one of the specials was locally-sourced crab legs. That I got to crack myself. And wear a bib. In public.Anyway, goes without saying that it was flawless. The crab was in a classic butter sauce and it matched the other veggies on the dish perfectly. Highly recommended from myself, although they may not have it when not in season.Lastly, as a visitor and English-speaker, being in Montreal is always a little tricky. I speak some French, however I was with my brother and his girlfriend who were not as versed in the menu and style of dining. As rude as some people were in some parts of Quebec, the waitstaff and bartenders at Chez Leveque were very accomodating and really wanted to give us the best experience possible and bridge the language gap.I really can't say enough great things! I loved it there and it was a very pretty interior. The upstairs is a little more laid back for group events and the bathrooms are modeled after a church. It just works, don't ask me how.
3	Service is a bit like a coach experience on a good airline. Food is like a business-class level experience on a subpar airline. Music is more reminiscent of a late-night crash in some horrendous club in Laval.All in all, the After-9pm 21$ special is a fair deal. But come in earlier and pay more, you'll feel like a douche flying to Vegas for Christmas.
1	We live in the neighborhood and been there quite often. It used to be ok, a reliable place, not too fancy but efficient and pleasant. But now you just have to avoid it. Service is surreal. Invasive waiters trying to please beyond rationality, mingling into private conversations and filling your glasses every two seconds (clearly the objective is to boost the tap and hence their tip). Yet unable to write a correct order down, leaving the table unattended while ordering. Huge wait between dishes, with kids waiting 1.30 hour before getting any food (the waiter realizing that they offer kids menus after 30 minutes, bringing them an slowing down, once again, all the process). Food ok, standard brasserie fare, but then ugly dessert straight from the fridge.And if it is Saturday, a stupid techno music as if it was a club. You ask for volume to be turned down, just to be able to have a conversation, and after 2 minutes is up again. It's a brasserie not a disco!Kitchen clearly overwhelmed by patrons. And they even tell you, "sorry but tonight it is a mess". No manager in sight capable of taking any responsibility, offering an apology or a partial reimbursement as a courtesy.  DON'T GO THERE! Unless it comes back to what it used to be.
4	I went with a friend during Taste Mtl so we both got the set menu. The staff was very friendly and very helpful!First, the appetizers. We both got the tuna albacore tartare and it tasted so good! The tartare was wonderful and it went well with the cucumber salad and the other ingredients! Very light, but had a distinct taste which I absolutely loved.For the main dishes, I got the duck and it was just so good! The cut of the duck, the sauce, everything was just right. I was just speechless because it was that good. My friend got the maple glazed scallops and it was really good too. The right seasoning, not too salty, just perfect. I'm very satisfied with the food.And finally, for the desserts, we got the maple macaron with passion fruit sorbet which was very sweet and delicious, I'm a big fan of macarons so I was happy that it was fresh and not stale. I was a bit disappointed with the brownie but it was still very good and simple because I wanted more.I will definitely go back again to try the other dishes and the desserts, that's for sure!
4	Four of us had dinner on Valentines weekend.  The place is bustling and was packed.  The secret to getting a nice table downstairs is to book an early table at 6:30PM.  It's very reasonably priced for quality French bistro food, especially if you eat off their Table D'Hote menu.  We were all served with a giant macaroon for dessert. What a treat!
5	One of the best meals we (connoisseurs, to use the 'French ' word) have ever had! Try the goat cheeZ salad, salmon, lobster rol (if in season) and wine, of course. Awesome service, great ambience, all in all a "parfait" nite~~~ PS let US eat cake
2	Delicious food. Terrible service. Its one of my favorite places with constant great service and impeccable food, however it is the 2nd time I am being served by a waitress who has not tact and class expected from a high-end restaurant. She tries to insert herself into your conversation and make inappropriate jokes while at the same time not being able to explain the menu properly. At some point she was advising where to put the plate and telling we should have more wine in order to go dancing (and yes in fact she was making the dance moves to imitate that wine would make us super happy). She forgot to refill the water however she was fast there to grab the check out of our hands and see what was the tip left to her. Someone like this damages a reputation of such a great place and leaves a bad taste in your mouth despite great food. So if you are lucky you will get one of the guys or a younger waitress who is good if you are unlucky like  we were then ...  be patient and try to ignore it (though it gets hard at a certain point).
4	Very full French menu.  Had tartare. V good.Boudin maison: excellentService is warm and friendly.Better to reserve.Wine list is disappointing but nonetheless has choice.
