1	Number one dumb ass Furniture retail store in Vegas. If I can I will rate them "-10" stars. Their sales people are the most unprofessional sales in the sales industry. I don't know how they got hired but maybe only "Furniture Center" will hire them. They don't care about their business and super rude with customer. The most important fact is that they don't even know their product, every question they have to call their boss for solution. What a joke!!! how the hell you sale if you don't know you product.  Don't go there people!!!! Garbage Sales
1	I totally agree with Louis. There is never a manager or owner on site. Some of the sales associate's can't even speak proper English so you could comprehend what they say. They Have no knowledge of the furniture there selling. Nor do they stand behind their product. My daughter was given a wood dining table w/ 4 chairs and bench, leather back chairs as well as the bench. We have only had it 5 months and it's falling apart. In each corner under the table all the screws are beyond loose. The table is wobbly the screws are just falling out from the bench and chairs. The backs of the chairs are loose. I've tried re-screwing under the table but it just keeps turning. I spoke with Ellen a sales associate and she says you have to rescrew your table every 3 months. I am 59 years old mother to the young lady who the table was a gift from her future in-laws. I've never had to rescrew my furniture ever, nor had such unknowledgeable sales furniture people in my life. I've been waiting 3 weeks for a manager or owner to call us back. I am demanding a new table or the money back. Do you think I am unreasonable? Worst furniture experience ever. I've talked to sales people at R.C Wiley, Walker just to name a few and they have never heard of such a thing. I will update the outcome. The manager is SUPPOSED to be back this we9ekend. Please no one shop there I would hate for anyone to get similar treatment. Well the weekend has come and gone and no o.e contacted my daughter. Looks like loo e we have to go back into the store. And if there's no one in authority there. We will speak to a lawyer today. And when we use them it won't be pretty. I k ow a Dr who personally knows Ed Bernstein. I am sure he would be happy to assist us. Ill keep u all updated.
1	These people are so dishonest!  Please read my review before shopping here. They order wrong products and claim it was what you wanted with the terms of NO refunds, exchanges, returns or cancelations. In other words you risk receiving and paying for crap you don't want! My story:The associate Ellen and the manager of both stores, Coby, are crooks and liars. We went in to look and liked a few things. Their prices aren't too bad but their products are really cheap. They talked my husband into putting down a deposit for a better price (on two living room sets and bar stools), and they told us we had until 1pm the next business day to cancel or change the order. We decided to cancel, however, we missed the 1pm deadline and called at 2:30. Ellen said no refunds. No returns. And had already charged us, but did state we could change our order if we wanted. We decided to make the best of it and make the furniture work (for now). When our furniture arrived it was exactly what I had stated numerous times in the store to Ellen the sales rep that I did not want. I was so clear and adamant that I did NOT want a dark colored microfiber couch because the ones ive seen in homes always look dirty. Even the black set in the store looked dirty. I explained this to Ellen. She showed me a recliner next to this set and stated she could order the set in that color which was a tan (almost cardboard color). Also while shopping Ellen had pointed out a leather couch and my husband and I both said we thought it was ugly (faux dark brown leather that looked like plastic and the brown was splotchy. The cheapest looking faux leather I've probably seen).  So, our new set arrives and is the microfiber cushion with leather trim set and it's a dark chocolate brown fiber and the faux leather is the exact material we said we hated! It came out of the box looking dirty! We called the store and Ellen LIED. Said she remembered showing us the tan and that we told her we didn't want tan and ordered brown and that was our couch, and they have NO returns. The order we signed said such. We argued and argued. Finally called another store and spoke with Coby? Who is also a liar! It's probably helpful to note that our house is all tan. Tan tile floor, carpet, tan microfiber kitchen chairs, tan curtains, rug, etc. None of the material items in our house are brown! I don't like dark furniture. I probably said this in the store 100 times. Anyhow, so Coby then lies and says he was at the store that day and heard us say we wanted dark brown and order dark brown! What a damn liar!!! Scum if you ask me. Ellen told us we had to accept all furniture and she would send a truck to pick up the chair to the other living set that came damaged. We didn't trust her after repeated lies during a half hour phone call. We knew she would try and claim we damaged the chair even though it was to the set we kept and just wanted another. These people are so dishonest!  We are still dealing with them. Who knows what's going to happen but at this point my guess is that they'll now try to send another couch like they said and it'll be wrong too and they'll say that the one inch picture in the catalog that we picked is our fault even though Ellen showed us a recliner and other furniture in the store in person and said this is what it'll look like in person and that it's the same exact material...and then we'll hire an attorney and contact our bank to see about fraudulent charges.
4	I bought a bed set from them which include the bed frame and board, chest, and dresser. A couple of days after I bought it I went on yelp to read the review. I was really worry that I wouldn't get my order or they made the wrong order cuz of the bad reviews. However I got a call on Saturday like they say they would bring it but I had to reschedule it to Tuesday cuz I wasn't going to be home. On Tuesday, I was waiting for the call but they never call me so I call them back around 11 something and the lady say I'm not on schedule. So she say she will call me back and she did and say it will be here from 2-5. I got my stuff but the only thing I would complain about is the bed frame because it don't seem to sturdy. I'm so glad they didn't give me any problem though like what happen to the other ppl. Maybe it's cuz I'm asian and that man (Ben) who help me was asian too idk he may be racist
