5	Fun going through the merchandise in dollar stores.  Not so fun that I buy stuff I don't really need ... but it's just a dollar.  This store has stuff that costs more than a dollar (as labeled) but the nice thing is that they carry a number of office supplies that the two "big" chains don't stock.  So even though I'd made stops at the other dollar stores, I still found more than $25 worth of stuff to pick up here.  Definitely will re-visit when back in Vegas in August.
2	Well, I feel badly for this poor store.  Since this is a dollar plus store, the dollar deals arn't the best and everything else could be found at another location at a better price and selection.  Being next to Walmart doesn't really help their cause...What's more is their staff is busy and slightly oblivious to customers and I just can't shake the feeling of a dark and unkept thrift store.  Do with this information what you will; this is just my opinion.  The owner is nice and this is a friendly neighborhood store, so they're worth at least checking out...
1	I was really looking forward to checking this dollar store out, because my sister recommended it, however, not only is it very difficult to get into the parking lot, I had a terrible experience there that I am still shocked about. I went in to buy 20 little Christmas gift bags and when I found out that the little 4 inch bag was as much as the 24 inch bag, I asked the clerk if he could possibly mention to the owner to look into adjusting those prices or grouping the little bags together in sets of 3-4 for a dollar instead of just one. Even though the clerk agreed that they shouldn't be the same price, he then rudely told me that they are selling just fine the way they are. Even if he didn't have any intention of passing along my suggestion, he could have lied to me and said he would.  In disbelief I politely told him that I guess I wouldn't be coming back and he replied, "I don't care". I said, "you don't care if I don't shop here anymore?" and he said, "No, I don't care and laughed."  Whoa! Too bad, because I'm a dollar store junkie.
