1	Buyer beware. Total rip off. Poor service, sub par food. And a surprise bill!I have never taken the time out write a bad review, but this place was so bad I had to. Hopefully others will not go through the horrible experience my party and I went through. I recently hosted a family Christmas party at India Beau village. I rented the hall and had the food catered by the restaurant.All payments were agreed prior to the event and I left a sizable deposit.The day of the event they increased the amount and asked if I could pay cash.At the end of the night they increased the amount even more and then said they would charge the taxes.  As angry as I was. I just paid them so I could get the hell out of there. Meanwhile the food was sub par by far.I later found out 3 of my guest complained of suffering from gastro.The service was rude and slow.They kicked us out at 2am when they previously said we could stay till 3am. All in all a very bad time had by all. I will never go back there!!
5	The food is simply perfect, there is no better adjective for it, every dish is cooked to perfection and to order with level of spiciness. The chicken Tikka Masala is their star dish, the chicken, onions and peppers are seared in heat before marinating in the sauce. Amazing.Their other standout is the Biryani, a thing of beauty to behold and to taste.I have taken 2 friends that used to eat the same dish cheaper at Saana across the street and they never went back to Saana.The fish Pakora is incredible, the fish moist and fresh and the seasoning just rightly delicate.I have been eating here since they opened about 12-13 years ago and have had EVERY single item on their menu, the only things i don't like is their curry ( too much tamarind) "chicken and cheese curry" (pieces are small) and spinach dishes ( not my style ). There is better Naan bread out there too, it's just a 3.5 out of 5 so not a huge dealThey recently moved to a larger restaurant about a block away, butt their prices are still decent, it would be nice if they renovated a bit. I take it to go 9 times out of 10, but the atmosphere and decor will leave some cold.Malhi Sweet and Dera on Jarry have really stepped it up in that aspect, and the places on Jean-Talon have done some major renovations as well.I still give it 5 stars,as those issues are very minor to me and it is an improvement over the old place.
5	For what it costs this place is the best. Huge restaurant with lots of tables always empty. Thalis and pakoras are great. There is free parking on the side.
