4	This Chinese restaurant has the same owners as the restaurant already located on South Neil in Champaign with the same name.
4	My wife and I stopped here the other day for the first time. Over all real good, wait. service could not be better. The menu typical chinese fair. The food was very good, the stand out for me was the fried rice. Everything was fresh and hot.I will be going back to get more information,and update this review
4	As many other reviewers have already mentioned, this restaurant is operated by the same owners who manage the Rainbow Garden on Neil Street.  While the Neil Street location was fairly classy on the inside, this new venue is even more elegant and refined.  The servers wear starched white dress shirts and the furniture is made of heavy, dark wood.  I would definitely recommend it for serious business lunches during the day and romantic dates in the evening.  There is also a bar area that is probably supposed to serve as a cocktail lounge (with a TV), but I'm having a hard time imagining people coming to this place just for drinks.If you're looking for something fairly exotic or "authentic," this would likely not be your place.  No baby squid or duck tongue on the menu.  Instead, you'll find the standard Americanized fare: sweet and sour chicken, beef and broccoli, fried rice, and egg rolls.  To compare the food to your average greasy take-out place is not a fair characterization, however.  All of the dishes are cooked with what tastes like better-quality ingredients.  Vegetables are cut and prepared artfully.  The sauces are a bit more nuanced in their flavor.  The skill in preparation and presentation is also reflected in their prices, as you can expect to pay around $8+ for most dishes (the upper range is around $15 for seafood).  For vegetarians, I would recommend the eggplant in garlic sauce.  The sauce is slightly spicy, slightly sweet and delicious by itself with some steamed rice.  The chicken and green beans is simple and tasty, the vegetables still slightly crisp.  It's also covered in garlic--yum!  All of the pork dishes are made with Chinese barbecue pork, which is a combination of sweet and smoky, and usually somewhat chewy.  Like the old location, the new Rainbow Garden offers lunch specials that are served until 2:30.  I still argue that this is the best lunch special in town, with each meal costing around $6 to $8.  The specials come with rice, soup, and an egg roll.  As with dinner, the quality of the food is above average compared to takeout places.  No slimy sauces and wilted vegetables.To summarize, this restaurant is for people who love Chinese food for its salty, sweet, and sticky sauces, but also want to eat this food in a more refined setting.
4	Really great lunch menu!I had the orange chicken and it was very good. I love their fried rice (rice, egg, carrots, and peas). Their crab rangoons actually contained crab (or krab...not sure but there was real protein in them). The lunch menu is really filling and reasonably priced ($5.95 for orange chicken, fried rice, soup, and an egg roll). The decor is really pretty and the wait staff was very friendly and knowledgable. I really recommend this place.
5	This is really a great addition to the Champaign / Urbana area. While the cooking is not as great as Lai Lai or Golden Harbor, the dishes here are still prepared well with fresh ingredients. The best thing about the restaurant is that it is really the nicest Chinese restaurant around with Tang Dynasty also being comparable.The first thing that will stand out to anyone is the decor. It is comfortable, traditional, and hip at the same time. Next, the silverware is for fine dining and everything from the plates to the cups and teapot all bear the restaurant name. This is pretty unique for Chinese restaurants and gives the restaurant a bit of an upscale feeling. The service is also pretty good and we were able to order in English, Mandarin, and Cantonese all in the same meal.As for the food, they cooked common dishes like General Chicken and Sole Fillet with Chinese Greens well. Since a lot of restaurants around Champaign are in Mandarin or Szechuan style, it was nice to enjoy some dishes prepared Cantonese style. The noodles soups were light and enjoyable as well. The rice was a bit fluffier and most than most other local restaurants, suggesting that it wasn't prepared in enormous quantities.The prices were pretty good so I'm sure I'll return again soon.
5	Was a big fan of Rainbow Garden on Neil Street, although I haven't been there in some time.  Decided to try the Urbana location which is closer to me.  The ambiance was clean, quiet, and open.  Service was prompt and friendly.  The menu was extensive.  I don't know what constitutes authentic Chinese food but this is certainly delicious.  The Scallion Pancake was different than what I remember at Neil Street but still very good.  The chicken dish I had was excellent and ample.  Enough to share.  Will definitely be back again and again to try other dishes.  One thing I always wonder about is the tea.  Chinese restaurant tea is like movie popcorn: delicious but defies reproducing at home.  Also, my waiter was a magician.  I had left half my entree and most of my fried rice and asked for a box.  He returned with my food in the typical Chinese take-out white box but such a tiny one.  "Is that everything?"  "Yes"  Disbelief on my part, but when I dumped it later onto a plate at home, sure enough everything was there.  Magic!
1	They consistently take more than hour to deliver and their food is definitely overrated. They also never give cutlery regardless of where you ordered from. The one time when I called them and complained about this, they sent cutlery but I was again disappointed as they gave only 2 forks and a spoon for 3 people. Very poor experience so far. Definitely not ordering from here again.
5	I have ordered here several times before for take-out. Every time, the food is ready to be picked up very quickly and it is always delicious! They have several tradtional dishes that my Chinese mother used to make that I can't always find in most Chinese restaurants. This is, by far, my favorite Chinese restaurant in town!
4	Awesome and delicious food. Okay to mid-range prices. The manager is unfortunately a very rude and not attentive person. I've experienced this at their other location in Champaign as well,
4	Good Chinese food! One of the most delicious and authentic Chinese restaurants in this area.
1	Never again will I order from this place again! I called to order and asked about a dish and was told to "go online and look at it" because they're "too busy" to tell me over the phone.  (1st red flag)I then went online...looked up my order & called back only to the same guy who was very rude from the get-go. FYI to the owners...Sometimes it not what you say but how you say it. So then I hang up & remember I want to pay with my debit card and called back was given attitude again about not giving it to them the first time. From then I decided I will not be giving my hard earned money to a restaurant that doesn't care about how they treat their customers. I usually don't have to leave bad reviews but I will be telling everyone I know about my experience with Rainbow Garden in Urbana! I will stick  to Lai Lai's from now on.Get a nicer person to answer your phones!
3	Ordered here after reading some good reviews.  Ordered for delivery, but delivery came after 2 hours.  Chinese food was pretty good, but I prefer Cravings.  Was super greasy and was completely filled up after half my dish (some beef stir fry with rice), and the Crab Rangoons were awful.
3	I went here for the first time yesterday and was waiting to meet someone.  When I arrived I wasn't greeted for a good 5 minutes in a mostly empty dining room.  I had to wonder around until someone attended to me.  After telling them that I'd like a table for 2 they sit me at a big table with 5 places as opposed to a booth.   After my friend arrived our order was taken promptly and our waitress was nice. The food was lukewarm and could have been seasoned better although the meat on my dish was cooked tender and came in a good portion size although there were a TON of onions I'm contrast to the meat portion.  The rice was bland and boring as well.  The decor looked great and very classy and the staff was overall friendly.  The price was fair for the portion size and I'd be willing to give this place another go, but I hope for better food and someone at the door to greet me right away.
4	Food is really good and delivery is always fast. I tried ordering online this time and you can't make any changes. Apparently everything comes with white rice and there's an up charge for fried rice. Most expensive Chinese order I've ever had.
4	I've been to Rainbow Garden for lunch several times. Each time I've left full and happy. They offer a very affordable lunch menu. Their portions aren't giant sized either, so I don't have to worry about taking home a smelly box of Chinese food. The staff can be a bit aloof at times, but they're usually really busy around the lunch hour. The atmosphere has gotten better over time as they've opened up more of the floor plan and made it more accommodating for the larger crowds that come around the lunch hour.
2	So we have always enjoyed Rainbow Garden but with each visit it seemed to get worse. Today was the lowest of lows . I think we were the first ones in there this time and the food came out cold. They weren't quick to change that. But after some persistence they brought out fresh. I think Golden Harbor is more worth the money.
1	The food is okay, though not exceptional. Here I'm also reviewing my experience about their delivery service. The delivery man is rude. After having arrived at the entrance of my apartment building, he kept ringing my door bell, even I have already opened the door at the entrance for him. Finally, he delivered the food to me, but it seems that he didn't understand how the entrance system works in my apartment, even I tried to explain to him. At last, he just said some f* words to me, which couldn't be more unpleasant.
