5	Had a chance to play Arroyo at Red Rock this past weekend and it was quite the experience!  The course is very well manicured - the brilliant green fairways cut their way through the desert, and the scenery was fantastic.The course is challenging, yet not overly difficult - and the greens are fair, with dramatic drops.  There were several BEAUTIFUL holes - #2 (lake), #6 (red rock), #7 (strip) all had great views that really stick out in my mind.If I've got to be picky, I prefer courses not lined with homes, but these homes were large and beautiful... Overall, a great golf experience - beautiful course, friendly staff, perfect weather.  Loved it!  FIVE STARS!
3	My regular group has played here many times...  probably as many as 20 times over the past couple years.  Usually because we can get an early tee time and the price is cheaper than most other courses.  The course seems to be in much better shape this year than i remember it in the past.  The course runs through a nice housing development, as most of the courses in vegas seem to.  The layout isn't too challenging or intimidating so it's a good course for the casual golfer.  I think the main challenge of the course is the rough... which seems to be thicker than I remember it in the past.   It definitely affects your shots that stray from the fairway.   We really only play here when it's considerably cheaper than the "better" courses we normally play, or nowhere else has a tee time.  But then again, the price is a good feature.  We've been paying $35 (casino employee rate) so far this year.  My main complaint about the course is that they book tee times so close together.  Every 7 minutes is too tight, and can sometimes lead to waiting on every hole and dreaded 5 hour rounds.
3	Nice course. Good shape.Greens were fast wednesday 6-22.A-lot of bunkers.Just hit down middle.Dont really need driver but on the par 5's.Not a long course but nice.
4	Great conditions on the day I played. Shortish course, but has tough greens. Played terrible and shot 80, so not a course that will bring you to your knees. Excellent Arnold Palmer design. Go about 20 minutes earlier than normal as you have to take a cart ride to hit the range.
2	Gotta drop this place to a 2....  I've never spent so much of a round waiting to hit the next shot.  I feel like I'm at Disney World....  where you spend more of your day waiting in line for the big rollercoaster than actually riding it.  Can't say I can ever remember playing a round here in less than 5 hours.
5	Great course for the money. I have never played where I felt the greens are fairways were not kept up to par. Great scenic holes and friendly staff. Go there early to hit some complimentary range balls on your day of play and dont forget the tip the guys wiping your clubs after your round of golf!
4	Golfing is slowly becoming a passion of mine. I have now played about 8 different courses here in Las Vegas and must say that Arroyo has to be my favorite so far. Its beautiful, the course was in great shape, very green and if your a local you cant beat the price! I was unable to get food but will next time and add to my comment! I saw the cart girl a handful of times as well which is more then a can say about a lot of places! If you havent golfed here you must go and play!
1	Was excited to play here, because of the good reviews and beautiful scenery at Red Rock. Gotta say, the experience sucked. Longest round I've ever played in my life. We quit after 5.5 hours--and still had two holes to go. Further, the course was in terrible, terrible shape. I think they had a disease on a bunch of the holes and they are all tore up (they didn't warn us about this OR the fact that most of the course was cart only at booking). It was simply a miserable round of golf. Got to Piaute or the courses around Primm.
5	One of the top experiences in Vegas golf. I play a few times a week and Red Rock Arroyo rarely disappoints. I've played 3 hour rounds in the afternoon when there are less golfers around. What elevates it above a lot of the other great golf courses in Vegas is the staff. I lost a club recently and they went out of their way to help. Todd Lynn and the rest of the staff there treat you like you're a PGA professional. It's a little further off the Strip so you won't see as many tourists. The course is run by the same folks who manage Siena, one of the other top spots to play.
3	Decent practice facility..non nondescript desert golf course with houses crammed course side. Not a bad place, nice staff and bar
3	Decent course for the $45 off season price. Greens were in terrible shape but I'm told they are better during the summer. Be sure to practice good "etiqueccy" here and watch out for the Dbag wearing all black.
4	Actually, I am not really a fan, because this was a nightmare round for me. No rough, just fairway, desert, million dollar houses!  If you are off the fairway, you are in the desert, and that is a penalty. Ouch!I am sure I heard the rattle of my ball on the roof more than once, thankfully no tinkle of glass.A good course as long as you hit'em straight. Last two holes cost me 8 penalties as I hacked my way along the desert, from disaster to nightmare.Views are incredible, like something from a spaghetti western, awesome painted rocks, and McMansions all around.Clubhouse is nice, pro shop as you would expect, and the folks real friendly.
2	First visited this course today and must say I was disappointed. First was the layout is very poor causing golfers to drive long distances between holes, don't even go by the club house at the turn.  Course was overbooked, no starter ensuring people went out on time and no ranger to keep the pace going lead to me only getting 16 in in over 5 hours of play.  One cart girl for the course, didn't see her until 3 hours into the day. Lastly the course wasn't in great shape, I believe it was the 5th fairway had large bare dirt areas causing balls to get stuck, range wasn't stocked with balls for non members and no one was around to get any.  All in all it was a bad day of golf, won't be going back, do yourself a favor and pick a different course.
4	This is a very well maintained course. Beautiful scenery and a great layout. Unfortunately I seen every end of the course today. I hit the ball all over the place, so I came to appreciate the excellent job the grounds keepers doing with the landscaping...lol.The is an outstanding golf course and it is located in a beautiful setting. Red Rock Country Club reminds me of some of the nicer courses down in Boca Raton. Great place to golf!!
5	My fiance and I LOVE this place!  We were visiting my parents for Christmas and found a great deal on golfnow.  I've been playing for a year, Sean has been playing forever.  The course was super challenging, as in narrow fairways, lots of homes on both sides, and desert landscaping that is a magnet for golf balls (at least mine).  The starter was AMAZING.  he drove us out to the 1st tee, gave us detailed descriptions and tips about the course, where the bathrooms are, etc.  We even got free drink coupons to use when the cart lady came around.  The customer service was better than my game (even thought I golfed my best game yet!).  I cannot wait to come back!!!!!!I wish courses in the bay area were like this place....
1	Course in horrible shape. Hard fairways with patches of garbage grass everywhere, you name it. The only thing good about this place was the sand in the bunkers, was easy to swing thru, never going back here again, sticking to my home course at rhodes ranch.
4	Red Rock is a wonderful golf club, and worth playing when in Las Vegas.  However I will say there are soooo many bunkers I thought I was at the beach in So Cal.  By the way if at all possible play in the morning, the afternoon wind is something NASTY.
5	Worth the money. Incredible course, designed by Arnold Palmer.
2	Arroyo Golf Club is much like their sister Siena Club.Fabulous lush well maintained course with awesome views.But courses run by staff who treat customers like its their local muni. We showed up @ 1pm for our 130 round to hit some balls.  They told us we had to start now because of an outing. Strike #1.Then by hole #7 we run into the outing where the group is 5 golfers. Strike #2Go elsewhere to guarantee great service.
4	Located next to Red Rock country club, Arroyo is another solid place to tee it up here in Summerlin.  This is another course I can take my non-golf playing wife to because she can admire the homes and landscaping while I shank a ball into the desert.  As a point of reference, I think Badlands is another good golf course with great views of the neighborhood and homes.  Angel Park is not a good view course from that perspective.  The service is pretty solid at Arroyo.  One thing I find kinda interesting is that they had me take a different golf cart to the driving range because its a good 2 minute drive from the club house.  So if you need to warm up prior to a round, you want to give yourself an extra 20 minutes to account for the drive to the range, and back to your cart...just in time for another 5 minute drive to the first tee!The course was designed by Arnold Palmer and is a good mix of difficult, yet fair holes.  don't hit into the desert because its very difficult to find your ball amid all the bushes and trees.  I know we don't intentionally hit into the desert, but if you are not accurate off the tee, definitely buy another couple of sleeves just in case.Tee time was 6:20 and finished by 10:20.  Was told by a couple of guys I played with that after 10pm, the rounds can last 5-6 hours!  That's just pure torture during the summer months if you ask me.Overall, Arroyo is pretty solid.  I will be back often!
3	Decent course but you can tell it gets played a ton. Greens are ok with lots of ball marks and poa. Sand traps are in bad shape...could even see the tarp lining on a few. Dont let the total yardage fool you. Most holes are forced carries to the fairway (between 150-200yds) so PLAY TO YOUR LEVEL and choose the right tee box to have fun!
4	A fun and challenging course.  Plentiful bunkers, some narrow fairways, and tricky greens.  The back nine was easier than the front nine for me, but just as fun.I don't play here often for the price but I do rank it as a top quality course (with Rhodes Ranch and Pauite) for the weekend golfer.4 stars for great customer service, good pace of play, and a well manicured course - even for winter play.  Price is on the higher side compared to others nearby and away from the strip, but not too ridiculous.  You do get what you pay for and we are definitely coming back for another round.
