3	It's taco bell, neither really good or bad
4	Pretty consistent, if you haven't had it before, you've got to be foreign, like outer space ;)
5	This place is so good. Always happy employees, fast service, and great fast food.
4	Since the bf likes taco bell we usually go to this one or one of the others by our apartment. The employees are super nice, the food is always yummy, and its fast!Its your run of the mill Taco Bell, we go here since the drive thru is open late : )
4	This one is right across the street from me. When you're in the mood to run for the border this one is always fast and friendly.
3	This Taco Bell takes so long, it's not the best place to go for munchies because you'll be sober by the time you get your food. 1:00 AM, only car in the drive through on a Wednesday night/ Thursday morning. 5 minutes to get our food. We didn't check it there (our bad) but we got home to find out we were given the wrong item despite having the order repeated back correctly. I'm not sure how this happened as there literally no one else in the drive thru and dining room closed. They do have a happy hour from 2pm-5pm with $1 loaded grillers and drinks, so I would be willing to deal with the wait for that deal, as long as my food was correct. The drive thru is a really tight turn in if you're coming from the right, it's almost easier to circle through the parking lot so you're turning left into the drive thru.
3	Ok I did give them a fussy order but I didn't think it was so difficult they wouldn't get it right after multiple repetitions. But they were friendly and corrected the errors.  The building looks great, as if freshly painted, which was nice to see.
1	Decided to do a late-night run to Taco Bell, the line was long but we thought 'what the heck'. When we got up to the speaker box, the cashier was laughing about a joke his coworker had just told him or something. He asks us to hold on, comes back to us to take our order 5 minutes later, we order two double decker taco's (add nacho cheese plus $1), a tropical freeeze, and last minute..the 4 piece Cinnabon treats. After scrolling through my Facebook newsfeed 17 times we get up to the window. We see a lady at the counter, I assumed her shift was ending because she had her purse on the counter where they take customer's orders and she was holding a banana...between her armpit. The guy came to take our money and hands us our food. We drive away, ready to feast! We get back to our place, I unwrap the cheesy goodne-oh what the hell! NO NACHO CHEESE....okkk....we eat them anyway. I pop one of the Cinabons into my mouth, bite down on the swee-oh god! Tasted like i was biting into a handful of sand. I take another bite-not sure why, but curious to give them a second chance. NOPE. Nope. nope. Now I've been sick for a few days *sniffle* so my tastebuds have been acting up. Food is tasteless for most bites, color has become colorless, and touch..well touching is cool. ANYway, this BITE felt like cum. I'm pretty sure it was.
1	I realize this is fast food, but it's a international chain & should have some customer service. I went inside for the 1st time (usually use the drive thru) & what a disappointment!!! There was nobody in line, yet I waited for almost 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge me the whole time listening to them gossip (including manager!!!) Then after ordering, it took another 17 mins for my food to arrive... What's happened to FAST FOOD?!? Between the rude employees & long wait times I will NEVER return!!!
3	I've come to this location several times and never had any problems. They are always fast and have my order right. Even during their happy hour.Just took a bite of one of my tacos and got a mouth full of clear, ice cold lettuce. It's one thing for cold lettuce, but frozen lettuce? Really Taco Bell?! I had to take a star back for that one.
5	Cheyenne at this location was absolutely amazing!! She was so sweet and fun and you can tell she actually really cares about the concerns and happiness of the customer. I was having a really bad day and was crying when I pulled up to the window and the moment she saw me and started talking to me with such a positive attitude it completely changed my mood!! Amazing customer service and someone should really consider giving that girl a raise.
4	These guys don't mess up on orders and actually are quite friendly. And who doesn't love a fourth meal?!?
5	My cashier was Kimberly S. She was so sweet and friendly and the food was made fast, fresh, and wrapped neatly.
