5	Scott truly is THE KING of evictions. I had a very bad situation with deadbeat tenants who needed to be removed and Scott handled the eviction process from beginning to end for me. We had a gang of people and all their stuff, including approximately 20 vehicles, living in the house and they weren't exactly anxious to leave. It took a few weeks, but thanks to Scott, they and ALL their crap are out, and with minimal damage to the property. It was not an easy case - very conniving and experienced squatters, police involved on multiple occasions, several visits to the court and more, but he stayed with it and saw it through to a positive outcome (for me anyway). Scott is very professional, highly knowledgeable, and provided me updates every step of the way. I am out of state, so it was a great relief to see the property via the videos he provided, rather that having to make an immediate trip to access the situation. He went above and beyond and protected my property as if it was his own. His services were worth every penny I spent! I highly recommend Scott, the Eviction King of Las Vegas.
5	Scott is awesome!!  I used his service from a 5 day notice to complete eviction.  It went as smooth as possible.  He is extremely attentive and always answers his phone if you have any questions.  I could not as for a better service and I am very picky.  He sent my dead beat tenants to the curb.
1	I hired Scott, The Eviction King, to evict the previous owners after I bought a house at foreclosure auction. He not only filed the wrong papers completely, but when I asked him about it he cussed me out and yelled at me. He claimed I filed the wrong papers or didn't file a 30 day notice. This man obviously does not know how to handle foreclosure evictions. He made me look like a fool in court because the wrong papers were filed. Save your money and file yourself, 1st floor information desk at the courthouse will tell you more than this guy can.
1	I contacted "The Eviction King" on behalf of my company since we were in the market for someone to handle our properties in that area.  After emailing him and asking for a formal prospectus, I received a curt email directing me to go look at the website.   When I emailed him again saying that I couldn't find what I needed, I received another email with a cut and paste version of some of the information I was looking for in all caps as if I were being yelled at.  When I emailed him again with questions that were still not covered on the website, I received a call moments later from Scott who CLEARLY sounded annoyed.  I'm sorry but this doesn't seem like a way to talk to a potential client.   He was curt, rude and at the end of the day felt as if our company should bow down to him on how we conduct our payment schedule.  The conversation ended with a quick "well, I guess we can't do business then" from him and dial tone.  All I can say is WOW.  NICE.
5	Scott is the Eviction "KING", we have used Scott a number of different times ranging from the 5-Day Pay" to the extreme when we had to go to court and force the tenant out. Scott is very knowledgeable, friendly and easy to work with. I have referred many of my business associates to him and we will use him again when needed. If you have dead beat tenants, he is your solution. He will get them to pay OR he will get them to leave, it's that simple.
5	When I called Scott the first time I had absolutely zero knowledge about what I was doing. He took the time to explain it all, step by step and made sure I understood each step in the process.I was shocked when my tenants with an "attitude" decided it was better to do the right thing and followed the instructions to a T.  I received all overdue rent plus late fees by the date they were given to pay. I was shocked and delighted. I will call Scott again in a second the next time I have a tenant that isn't paying on time. I can't believe the peace of mind I have now knowing there is a solution and I don't have to confront these people by myself.
