5	I love Next Door and my Realtor Randi!  Not only did she help me buy my investment home, but since Next Door does property management she helped me get a renter & now she manages the property for me too!
5	Next Door Realty is fantastic!  Daradee Murray handled the short sale of my home recently and the entire transaction went unbelievably smooth.  From start to finish she was an excellent communicator.  She took all of our concerns into account and made the process a breeze for us.  I would highly recommend Next Door to anyone looking to buy or sell a home.  The personal attention you receive is unparalleled!
5	I have nothing but good things to say about Randi and her team. They helped me find the perfect home for my family.
5	Randi and her team are the best! She is kind, patient, and always made me feel like a top priorty. I highly recommend Next Door!
5	I am so pleased with Randi and her team so far. We switched to Next Door Realty last summer after being tired of PRM property management's antics. To be honest, Randi seemed too good to be true but she has still held up her end of the bargain eight months later. Her rates are a little higher than most perhaps (10% of rent plus a $5 fee), but worth it. They promise to get you your tenant's rent by the second week of the month to help pay that month's mortage, if need be. (PRM could never get us the rent before the last few days of the month). They also have an website that tenants can use to pay online and owners can use to look at statements, bills, payments, maintenance requests, etc. I just love it. We currently have a problem tenant that Randi and Daridee have done a great job staying on top of and keeping in check. This tenant is why I thank my lucky stars for Next Door Realty. They are prompt and consistently keep us in the loop with any issues. Randi is also a realtor and has been invaluable with advice and information we recently needed.
5	Randi and Next Door Realty deserve more than five stars! The quality of communication and care for my property is outstanding, and I feel so much better that, even though I'm in another state, Next Door cares about me and the tenants. Thank you!
