4	Great barbacue and great service.  Under new ownership and everything is 100% Better. Love the lunch specials and great barbacue happening here.
1	This is not a BBQ joint.  The hotlink sandwich tasted like a Bar S hotdog w/peppers.   The brisket I know had to be a day old & I am not talking about yesterday.   Don't waste your time.  I spent $15 for food that I just threw away.
4	Great ribs,  macaroni and cheese, fried pickles.   Friendly people and quick service. Good addition to the neighborhood...
2	I really wanted to like this place. My child and I were in the neighborhood & she was jonesing for some pulled pork bbq, so I came to Yelp. This place is right off the 51 near where we were and had high stars. It is very small & parking is in the back. Even my 9 year old was concerned since it wasn't much to look at but hey  Yelp seemed to think it was ok. So in we went.It is very very small. Two men were inside watching the game. They thought I wanted take out but we wanted to be served. They seemed to be scramble to make that happen. The tables didn't seem very clean. We ordered lemonade & sweet tea, which were overly sweet.My kid really wanted pulled pork BBQ so she ordered a sandwhich. It came with a side so she got coleslaw. I ordered a two meat platter with potato salad and mac & cheese. After 10 minutes the guy came back and said the pork wasn't cooked yet. I was very confused since usually that meat slow cooks for a really long time. So my kid changed her order to brisket, which I also ordered. The brisket was really chewy and didn't fall apart. My ribs were really good but a little too salty. My kid loved her sandwich, but they didn't bring her coleslaw. She had to go ask for it from them. The potato salad was runny as if it were copped into a bowl with water. The mac & cheese was good, though.I ordered some hot links to go. When I ate them later that evening they were thinly sliced instead of full links and were like you'd find at Circle K. Quality was just bad.When I went to pay the credit card machine did not work. I was about ready to just tell them I had no cash but I'm not that kinda guy. I happened to have $40 in my wallet so I paid in cash & left. I won't be back.
5	Probably the best BBQ I've had in Phoenix.  Plus the owners were very personal with the great service they gave.  Can't wait to eat a full rack of ribs.
1	I called to place an order for delivery and the guy simply stated "we have a $30 minimum and you have to place the order through grub hub" and then hung up. Congratulations on losing a customer before ever even earning one.
1	No thanks. I ordered a brisket sandwich and I literally could not chew the "meat". I'm from the Midwest, Kansas to be specific and I've had some excellent BBQ. This wasn't even edible! Don't waste your money!
4	Just had pulled pork, delicious.  And the bbq sauce yiu can tell is homemade.  Very good, I will come back again. I want to try the mac'n'cheese
1	I might change my review IF I EVER GET TO EAT HERE!I have tried 3 times this month to try and eat at this establishment. The first time I pulled in and found a note on the door stating they were closed do to a family emergency. Okay.. I understand that..The second time they were open and had a pair of customers at a table inside. I approached the counter to order a couple of pounds of brisket. I was then informed that they were OUT OF BRISKET. Now this was lunch time. What restaurant runs out of brisket at lunch time with only a pair of customers? So I left, deciding I'd give this place one last try.Today,  yes, New year's eve day, I tried again.  And once again,  there was a note on the door stating that the restaurant was closed until Jan. 2nd for vacation. Now I realize that everyone deserves a vacation. But it seems this place is either closed for some random reason or out of food..I guess i'll stick with either Waldo's for ribs or Texas bbq house for brisket. I don't know if i'll even bother trying to try this place again. .
