5	East End is a brewery, not a restaurant. Don't expect to sit down for pizza and brews. Most of the space is filled with brewing equipment - tanks and such. What you can do is sample a bunch of beers, and walk away with some.It's a challenge to find East End. There's no sign. Just an open door in a brick warehouse. And an empty keg sitting outside. Our first time, we didn't think we could possibly be in the right place. Until we saw people leaving with beer.You can only visit during growler hours. Inside there's a low bar straight out of high school chem. You can sample the eight or so beers on tap. And chat about the beers or anything else. And be impressed at how many people manage to find the place. The beers are tasty.Then when you're ready, pick a beer or two to get a growler of. A growler is a half gallon jug they filled from the tap. They also usually have a special beer or two in bottles. Typical brewery swag is also available - pint glasses, t-shirts, etc., to prove that you actually found the place.
5	The owner came to the Tepper school of business on one of their Friday night B**RS. he talked about his beers and how he started the brewery. My wife and out friends, the beer lovers they are, decided we should go to the brewery for a tasting and to get some growlers to bring home.  The tastings are about a half pint or more each  and they were more then happy to pour a bunch of them for us. While I didn't like all of their beers they were all very good, just not what i like. We left half drunk with many a full growler to enjoy over the next week or two. if you get the chance stop by and enjoy a talk with the owner, his friends, and have a few beers.
5	A small local brewery where you can buy growlers or kegs. Hard to spot from the outside as there is no obvious sign; on the inside there is barely room to stand while you sample the beers before buying. Good beer, and they're friendly... The company uses environmentally responsible practices, and the shirts they sell are even organic cotton.
5	This is my favorite mini-brewery in the States. Parked in East Liberty just off of Penn, Scott (the brewmaster) makes due with volunteers to help brew some of the best beers around. Blackstrap Stout? Be still my heart. Big Hop IPA? I would bathe in the stuff. Sessions and Seasonals and Specials and Barley Wines and......okay, now that I'm done geeking out, just check it out for growler hours. There's gear, the pleasant musk of malt sugar amidst the concrete walls, and a pleasingly convivial atmosphere. Taste test, chew the fat, and leave when you're ready. Feel that itch in your cerebellum? That's your brain awakening to the possibility that heaven IS a place on Earth.BEER SELECTION: Honest-to-goodness, some of the best. Hopheads may be disappointed that only a few of the samples are lupulin-heavy, but for those who like a wide variety of uncommon styles, delight awaits.SERVICE: Smilin', and always ready to give out sizable samples.The Kegs are great deals for the holidays and the prices are rockin', too. Don't forget to call at least 48 hours ahead, though.
5	This place has been a great addition to Pittsburgh.  Although I have only been once (I drink their beers at local bars when possible), it was great to see this place doing well.  Some other people that were there when I was had driven from Ohio to fill up a couple of growlers.  Scott is very friendly and make the experience enjoyable.  Show up during the Growler Hours and walk away with some quality beers.
5	This is as good as it gets.It's in a warehouse building off the beaten path, where the only sign is "EAST END BREWING" written with a sharpie on the door in inch high letters; they get most of their business, I think, from selling directly to bars.  Three or four times a week, they have growler hours; you can stop by and buy a growler for $3.  (A growler is a half gallon glass jug.)   For $12, they'll fill it for you, you can take it home, and it'll keep for a good while in the fridge.  It's pretty much exactly a sixpack of beer.They had seven or eight varieties of beer - and one cider - available today, and most of them were great.  Ale heavy - not sure they're setup to make lager - they had great IPA, brown ale, stout, winter ale, and a belgian ale that was something I gladly paid for.  While you're standing around, you can sample any of the beers; they'll give you 1/4 pint pours of anything on tap until you know what you want to buy.  It's not a restaurant, it's not a bar; there are no seats.  If they're not busy, sounded like they're always glad to show off the brewing setup in the next room.It was also interesting to hear about how many (most/all?) of the ingredients are locally sourced, and they manage to recycle all of the waste products back into the community.  (Extra yeast goes to bakers.  Extra bags go to a mulch company.  Everything out the door is recycled/reused.)  The cider for the apples came from Trax Farms in Finleyville.The Big Hop is their flagship beer; it's a ale that's been both heavily hopped and then heavily dry hopped, to give it the bitter IPA flavor with a lot of aromatics as well.  A++.  The winter ale they have tastes a bit like a homebrew to me.  The cider is oustanding, as it's not straight granny smith, but has a significant amount of green and red apples in the mix.  The monkeyboy hefeweisen was very good, and the second run of their 2010 barleywine was the "Bitter End", which was a great light ale.Will go again.
4	Check out their growler hours and you can do beer tasting for free! I really like their Big Hop IPA and their English Pale ale...which I can rarely find brewed anywhere.
5	Everything about this place just screams COOL! The beer is DELICIOUS. The samples are plentiful. The people who work there are friendly. A few more specific things I love about East End: 1) Prices for kegs are awesome. $60 for a sixtel--be still my heart! (But be sure to bring a check for the keg and tap deposit.) 2) If you bring a sixtel of Monkey Boy to a party where you know very few people, you are guaranteed to become the most popular person at the party. This is a fact. 2) They're active on twitter, and will always answer tweets. In fact, last time I wanted to reserve a keg, I just tweeted at them! 3) But keg reservations aren't always necessary. Just ask if they have any available when you get there. This is my favorite microbrewery I've ever visited, and I'm not even a Pittsburgher! My boyfriend and I even own East End pint glasses (a Christmas gift from an awesome aunt and uncle) and tshirts (his: Big Hop; hers: generic East End logo tee).
4	I love everything East End Brewery stands for - local microbrew, green operations, active twitter and a website. You can even volunteer at the brewery for a truly immersive experience. The place is hard to find and is not in the best neighborhood but if you turn right after the overpass/bridge and slowly creep along the building wall, you'll see the door and some people. And then you'll see the small sign. It was actually pretty crowded inside - a room full of older men that looked like they're just coming back from work. Their growlers are a great deal, $12-15 for 1.5 liters of beer (with the growler, when you bring it back next time you get $3 off or so) You can also taste all the beer on tap, and the tastes are generous - try all five and you'll have a nice buzz going. In the back of the place, they have some bottles beers and merchandise (pint glasses, shirts, etc).
4	I know little about beer, but one of my fellow foodie friends is a big fan of the East End Brewery.  He's schooled me on East End beers at various Pittsburgh drinking establishments, and kept on recommending a trip to the brewery.  Sadly, he's moved away from Pittsburgh, but I've finally honored his memory with a trip to the place where the magic of good beer happens.A visit here during Growler Hours will probably take fifteen minutes, tops, and even faster if you already know what you want.The guys are friendly and pour generous samples of any beer of your choosing, including root beer.  My favorite is the Big Hop, with Monkey Boy as a close second.  While the Blackstrap Stout was pretty good, I prefer lighter beers over darker ones.  I'd like to try the root beer in the future--I think I have a more sophisticated palate for root beer than the alcoholic stuff!The merchandise they sell makes good gifts for out-of-town East End Brewery lovers--that is, if they don't own all the T-shirts, glasses, and a holder for a growler jug already.  Make sure to bring cash, and do tip the guys who serve up samples with smiles and chit chat.
5	It's great micro (or are they nano) breweries like this that keep the beer connoisseur happy! I don't drink beer myself, but my boyfriend loves this place.  He brews his own beer at home so it's always great to be able to chat with others about the finer points of brewing! Growlers are a very convenient way to try some beer at home, cheap too!
5	Located in Homewood, East End brewery is as local as it gets. You walk through a small door, find a makeshift bar, and can walk right back to the vats. Bartenders are friendly during growler hours, samples are generous, and growlers are reasonably priced.Note: Cash only & tip the bartender (they're volunteers).
5	After several positive reviews on various websites, I visited East End Brewing for the first time during their release of their 2009 Gratitude Barleywine.  The brewery is located in a warehouse on the East End (well duh) and the only way you can tell it's a brewery is the small text on the door with the brewery's name.  This is the smallest micro brewery I've ever been to and quite honestly it's one of the best.  The bartenders there are always very friendly and willing to hand out samples (not to mention give explanations of the styles of beer).  While their year-round beers are great, I'm a big fan of their seasonal and/or one off beers.  Their Smokestack Heritage Porter, Wheat Hop, and Snow Melt Winter Ale are great and very good examples of their respective styles.  If you thought Pittsburgh's only micro brew offerings were Iron and Penn Brewery, look a little closer and check out East End Brewing.  Take it from this homebrewer, this is the best beer in the Pittsburgh area.
5	i love this place. the beer is good, the growlers are cheap, and the staff is friendly. and in a city where beer is as hard to come by as it is in Pittsburgh, it's comforting that local breweries like this exist.
5	You can't beat it, really. The beers here are known the world around, and I do mean that literally. The Gratitude is highly sought after and could be traded for pretty much any beer in the world. (Westvleteren 12 and the like...) Monkeyboy is one of the best Hefeweizens in the world, imo, compared to the likes of Live Oak Hefe and classics such as Weihenstephaner.Love the Session Ales and pretty much anything else that comes out of here. If you even slightly/remotely/barely like beer, this is a must stop, and a suggested regular one at that.
5	Beer. Brewed in plain warehouse in an otherwise unremarkable location. Generous tastings in what I am assuming the lobby is heaven will look like. Oh, and the aforementioned beers? They're real, and they're spectacular.If I could give this place 8 stars I would jump at the opportunity. The beers are crafted with care - all unique brews with qualities unlike their competitors. As one patron said this evening about the Big Hop: "It's like Sierra Nevada, only it's better than Sierra Nevada." No matter what your preference is, there is certain to be a beer for your palate and an opportunity to taste each tap to discover your passion. And, if nothing else, there is certain to be quality conversation in the lobby. Rumor has it that things get pretty busy there on the weekends - I can't wait to join the party!
5	For me, East End really embodies the best of my favorite things: hometown joints and great craft beer.There's no doubt about what the owner, Scott, is into. His motto "Buy a good friend a good beer" is everywhere and really speaks to his passion for bringing a quality product to his friends - in this case, Pittsburgh. The reviewers before me have mentioned the hidden warehouse that East End operates from, and they are right. It's tucked away. But, once you find it you feel special, like you've uncovered a gem. I sort of think that's kind of the point ... once you've tried an East End beer, you're part of the club. The inner circle. The family.I've heard Scott speak about his beer, and I love hearing about his process. He makes "session beers," which means that in addition to his standard selection (Monkey Boy, Big Hop and the like), you can find a new beer at East End almost every week. He tries new things all the time, and makes what he likes, and let me tell you, what he likes is delicious.If you can't head to the east end to try some East End, you will be glad to know that this beer is found in bars all over the city, and you can fill a growler at the Pittsburgh Public Market. If you head there, or to the brewhouse, bring cash and a smile. You won't be disappointed.
5	HELLO AWESOME BEER!East End is the ish. I only wish it had an area to hang out and enjoy a beverage or two. The keg bike ride they do each year is an awesome way to deliver the seasonal beers to local bars and has become a very popular event.Love how low key it is. You have to check it outCheck out the growler hours in the Strip. LOVE IT!
5	Great beer being made by great.
5	First of all, this is absolutely the best beer brewed in Pennsylvania. I would venture out farther, but Dogfish Head is close enough at our 5 O'clock to give EEBC a run for their money. There is nothing not to like. The prices are great. The beer is fantastic. It is local. The guys who own/run the joint are normal people. They have a few VERY good standby's and they are small enough to be nimble and do things like a Kvass. This are just a few of the good ones. -Big Hop Harvest -- I literally shed a tear when their last keg kicked. -Snow Melt -- Winter warmer deluxe.-Big Hop -- This and Dale's are the two parts of my regular rotation.This section is for my hopes and dreams. Coming soon is a Steelcut Oatmeal Stout that was once described as Steelcut Oatmeal/Black IPA. This made me excited. I was disappointed to find that the Black IPA was dropped from the description, however I am still looking forward to drinking that Oatmeal Stout with pleasure. Please, East End, give us a Black IPA. Make our beeriest dreams come true.
5	So you're not sure whether or not you should go here to get a growler of some fresh, tasty beer or house-made soda? You don't know if the trip or the investment in a growler is worth it?Let me make up your mind for you: stop reading this review and go!
5	Beer and more beer! Glorious beer in big shiny vats and dripping from taps! Session beers offer great variety from what you can buy @ your local watering hole. Truly bare bones - just a cold dank beer tasting counter w a friendly knowledgable beer dude. We walked back to see the beer creation happening and it was surprising how small it all looked when you consider how many bars serve EEBC beers. I think the only batbroom here is in the alley! Still laughing about the handwritten note on a huge white tub back near the beer vats. It said in huge black marker "This is Root Beer extract, you Jackass!!!"  Wonder which beer rec'd that infusion. Cheers!!!
5	The only word I can think of for this place is AWESOME.  Very friendly people, and great tasting beer.  Every time I go home I plan on visiting.  Keep up the great work!
4	One star deducted only because the growler hours are so short.  And because it's difficult to find their beer around town.  Other than that, I love having a great local microbrew like East End.  Even the root beer and ginger ale are amazing.  I don't go often but when I do go they have different brews available and I always find at least one I like. I will continue to recommend East End - and even take people there myself if I must to get them to try this local gem.Cash only!!
5	Stop in for a drink or six!This place is a little bit nondescript from the outside but a great place to stop in.  we tried about all the brews they had on tap, four year rounders, three seasonals a rootbeer and a ginger ale.  Growlers are between $10 and $14 and there is a $3 deposit on the glassware. It is NOT a pub.  No food here.A lot of places around here are cash only....this is one of them.The bar keep was super friendly and had a bunch of great tips for me on places to eat and drink.  Be nice and tip the man!
5	I don't consider myself a follower but I am jumping in line to sing praises about East End. Go in during Growler Hours and they'll give you samples of EVERYTHING... including  their homemade root beer and ginger ale. They've got everything- saisons, wheat, stouts, IPAs, etc and they are all delicious!As others have said- CASH ONLY. Growler pours only. Feel free to hang and ask questions but this isn't a "hang out" per se.Huge fan. I'm sipping on their Black Strap Stout as I type. Mmmm....
4	Growler Fills and Kegs only at this current location.  Very small bar and retail area; really only room for a few people to stand.  The guy working there was really nice and allowed us to sample each of the beers.These guys are brewing some of the best beer in pittsburgh, and I'm sure they'll keep gaining popularity.
4	My experience at East End was a pretty lame one, though to no fault of the brewery. I was the kind of sick that typically involves a deathbed and a Cholera diagnosis, so while everyone else drank deliciously hand-crafted brew, I crouched against the brick wall, in a dark corner of the brewery behind a bucket of coasters and naked Christmas tree, clinging to a sample of their Ginger-ale. Pretty sure it was the plague, because anything less and you know I'd have been all up on those taps. So basically, this is going to be the lamest review of a brewery in the history of history, as I had only two sips of beer and then promptly went back to hunching over in my dark, concrete corner with a sample glass of ginger-y goodness, because OF COURSE I would get super sick for the first time in years on the day of our fateful road trip to Pittsburgh, that was taken with the purpose of spending time with old friends and drinking lots (LOTS!!!) of beer. Of.F*cking.Course.Aaanyway, blah, blah, blah, my single sips of their winter white and Nunkin (no pumpkin) seasonals were dreamy and didn't make me barf at all--not one little bit. But the real star, and I know you guys are going to laugh, is that freakin' ginger-ale. OhMahGah it's so good! Seriously, just smell it. It's the most potent ginger scent outside of eating a bushel's worth of ginger root and puking it up so hard it comes out your nose. What? No. I mean, that's totally never happened to me... not with ginger at least (saganaki is a different story). But back to that ginger-ale: it's unreal. And luckily, exactly what I needed to fend off the urge to purge from my mystery illness (please not morning sickness. please not morning sickness. please not morning sickness.).  And while I loved my ginger-y ale and did end up leaving with a growler of it, the process to get said growler and aforementioned samples was pretty f*cking annoying and made even worse that there's not a single place to sit so because I couldn't bring my sick, sad self to even stand up straight I had to keep myself from yakking all over their merch by squatting in a dark, cave-like area as if I were some 21st century Smeagol. There was only one man working at 4pm on a Friday and a ridiculously long line wrapping around the register, merch and tasting area. The lone worker was filling growlers, answering questions, checking IDs, explaining crazy-ass Amish liquor laws, providing a sample of everything to everyone and running the register, which consisted of an iPad, and I'm not sure how familiar you are with businesses who use iPads as registers, but it's slow as f*ck, they have to type in every number and is a great way to really hold up an already mile-long line.... Ain't nobody got time for that! It's Friday f*cking night, scrape up a second employee and get the show on the road.
3	If you need a growler filled or to buy some coffee, definitely good stop. Super friendly staff as well. However, as a traveler passing through wanting to do a tasting, not the stop. That said, they are totally transparent about their purpose on their website and that the best place to try their beers is in a bar, which I wholeheartedly appreciate. I tried the Winter seasonal (snow melt), The First (a hoppy amber) and the nut brown. None of them wowed me but still worth checking our their beers.
5	I LOVE East End Brewing Co. The beer is delicious, the employees are super friendly and helpful, and it's so close! What more could you want? There's even a coffee shop right inside the brewery. Who doesn't like coffee? The best part is, they WANT you to try the beers they have on tap! Go in for a growler, but take your time making a decision. My favorite is a tie between the Black Strap Stout and the Big Hop IPA. I know, I know.. a tie between a stout and an IPA? Whatever.. They're both so good! Growlers are super affordable, refillable, and they'll even wash it for you for $1 (if you're lazy, haha). One of mine was clean, but had something stuck on the inside, and I don't have a bottle brush, so they replaced it for $1! So nice.Basically, all I'm sayin' is... GO HERE. You won't be disappointed.ALSO, they accept cards now. Movin' on up.
4	Great brews. Great people.I visit the East End Brewing Company stand in the Public Market at the strip every couple weeks. I'm always greeted with a high five and more samples than I can handle on a Saturday at noon. They're more than happy to let you try ALL of the rotating taps and you can tell they're passionate about their product.The price can be a bit high but, for a craft beer, it's totally worth it. Recycle the growlers and save yourself a few bucks each time. I highly recommend stopping by and trying some of the delicious rotating beers at East End.
5	I would not mind if this was the only brewery I could ever go to.  These guys create some amazing beers that just don't stop. My favorites are all of them, but if did not try the First (an amazing amber ale) then get down there before its gone ( it could already be gone).  Also, get the Harvest when hop season comes back.  Also, the coffee porter is the best I have ever had.  Brewed with fresh grains from the coffee roaster they share the space with.Anyway, just go there.  You will find something you love, or you will love everything.I can't wait to BBQ with the smoked lager this summer.
5	Since East End Brewing Company has moved to a new location, it's time to update my review. This is still some of the best local beer available in Pittsburgh, but now rather than having to sample it in a cramped hallway, you can enjoy the expansiveness of the new space which is shared with the Commonplace Coffee Company. Sidle up to the large bar for samples of whatever is currently on tap - the old standards plus rotating seasonal beers, ginger ale, and root beer. Purchase a reusable half-gallon glass growler full of beer, and then bring it back for refills.In addition to beer on tap, other merchandise available includes glasses, T-shirts, knitted caps, and pre-bottled specialty beers. They've also started offering a biweekly tour of the brewery which is excellent and highly recommended. This is one of the gems of Pittsburgh. Check it out.
4	-East End Brewing is a very small operation.  They are located in a small garage type building.  Once inside it's simply just some taps, a small bar area and a merchandise table.  They only sell 2-3 beers in bottles.-As for the beers, they allow you to sample any of them.  I was a BIG fan of the pumpkin. Besides Southern Tier Pumpking this was my favorite pumpkin beer I had tried up until that point. I also was a big fan of the Harvest beer.  So I took two growlers home of those and bought two glasses. -I recommend taking a trip there, try the beers, get a growler and enjoy!
5	Buy A Good Friend A Good Beer. That's their motto and it fits perfectly!The atmosphere in the brewery is super laid back and inviting. Come, join us, sample some beer, chat about beer, chat about life, fill up your growler and enjoy your beer at home! Simple plan, but it's perfection.The owner, Scott is obviously super knowledgeable about beer, and I love that. Have you ever tried sour beer before? I'd never heard about it. The thought kinda grossed me out actually, but come to think of it, I love sour gummy worms, so what the heck! And you know what? I loved it! They also have around 10 rotating taps at the brewery. I'd have to say my fave is the Fat Gary Nut Brown Ale that I'd had at local restaurants and events. But after visiting, I'm digging the Monkey Girl (a play on the regular Monkey Boy), a light seasonal wheat beer. If you've ever had their beer around tahn, you've gotta stop in to see the real deal! If you've never had their beer round tahn, you gotta stop in for a taste! What are you waiting for?!
5	Monkey Boy Monkey Girl I want to be your Monkey Stepmother and be a part of the family!I recently did a "Beer Hike" through Venture Outdoors.  We hiked through Frick Park for 2 hrs (4 miles, I tell people I hiked 4 miles bc saying I walked in Frick for 2 hours isnt as impressive sounding), and then we went to E End Brewing for a tour/tasting, and then we got growlers.My boyfriend doesnt know it yet but the next time I get him for a whole Saturday (he works weekends), we are going on a picnic in Frick Park but first I'm going to surprise him by making him stop in for a beer tasting and getting him a growler.the best part of this is I'm going to first convince him i want to adopt yet another cat and make him drive all the way over to the Animal Rescue League.  (the brewery is one block up).  He'll need a drink after this...I loved the tour!  Our guide knew his stuff, took us through the whole brewery, and the beers were delicious.  I drank an entire growler over the course of Saturday night and I do not care, it was so delicious, I could not stop!  We tasted Monkey Boy (my favorite beer, light, refreshing, aromatic!), Fat Gary (I liked it but I didn't love it, it was a nutty brown ale w caramel undertones--a good beer to drink on a rainy afternoon), Monkey Girl which was so good I wish I'd birthed as my own human daughter (i can't describe it, its a browner ale version of Monkey Boy and sooooo good), and the Wit beer which was also very good.Did you know there is delicious beer being brewed in the E End, and they have growler hours where you can sample all the beers and take home a growler of your favorite for about $12?  That's 5 craft beers for $12.  If your wife doesnt want you going to growler hour, tell her about the cost per beer ratio.  She'll kiss you for being thrifty and wise.They do tours of the brewery by appointment, I did mine via Venture Outdoors but it was a fantastic afternoon, and I loved the beer!Prost!And also, my house is full of pets, there are cats and dogs everywhere, but if you're home has room please do adopt a pet from the ARL.  :)
5	Monkey Boy is absolutely one of my top ten beers.  Put down your Blue Moon, and drink this instead.  If you like Bells Oberon, Monkey Boy will be your jam.  I have yet to try a bad beer from here.  Monkey's Uncle, Bigger Hop, Gratitude, Snow Melt--all great.At both the brewery and at Pgh Public Mart, the staff has been exceptionally polite and friendly.  They are genuinely into beer and talk your ear off--in a good way--if you have questions.The brewery itself is pretty cool in that it's not trying too hard to be hip.  It's focused on the beer, with absolutely no gimmicks.  It's a great place to hang around and sample something new--there are about ten beers on tap at any given moment and they change seasonally.
4	Checking out the Pitt Beer Week beers. Oh and try the root beer too!
5	I have been a huge fan of East End Big Hop ale since the first time it passed my lips years ago. As an IPA guy, I've got criteria for what I need in an IPA and yes, Big Hop has it all and then some. During our tour, Scott the owner said it makes up 30-40% of their sales. I think I make up a good percentage of that myself because ANYTIME I see it on tap, I order it. Can't help myself. It's that good.As part of our tour, Scott gave us a feel for the process of making their beer from grain to the final product.  The distinction is very clear between what is a "craft" beer and those that your local distributor has stacked to the ceiling for consumption by the masses.It truly is a craft - guided by feel, instinct, smell, touch and taste, the craft of the brewer is his personal signature on the end product. And East End has an amazing product. This isn't the equivalent of the industrial process of large volume producers where automation rules. This is personal. And it shows in ways that keep me drinking it! It is so nice to see that their growth continues and they're being rewarded for their commitment to a consistently superior product. It couldn't happen to nicer people.I love their  Pedal Pale Ale, Fat Gary, Monkey Boy, and yes, pretty much everything they brew. Their ginger ale? Off the chart. Root beer? Amazing. Count me in as a HUGE fan. If anyone is considering gift ideas for me let me suggest a growler or two of Big Hop. I'll share....
5	This place is a hidden gem.  They were happy to provide free sample tastings of all their beers and I was surprised to find that they were affiliated with Commonplace Coffee Roasters as well!  Apparently this is also where they do all of their coffee roasting.  We were given a tour of the beer brewing and coffee roasting facilities and it was a very enjoyable experience.  The entrance to the building is a bit nondescript with no sign or anything, but don't be afraid to check them out!
5	This is my favorite of Pittsburgh's many craft beer breweries and there are several reasons why this establishment is close to my heart. As a neighborhood brewery, they are as good as it gets. With bi-annual group bike rides for charity, knowledgeable and friendly staff, and an environment that invites and promotes the discovery and discussion of beer, East End Brewing is a fantastic destination for just about anyone who enjoys quality brews.Most of the beer is available on tap and distributed on a per customer basis through refillable growlers. I like that this promotes a conscious reuse of materials and reduces the net resource impact of the brewery's activities. Several specialty brews are also available in 750ml bottles. Samples of all the beer are available upon request free-of-charge at the brewery and are highly advisable given the following:All of their beer is live, qualifying as "real ale," and provides pro-biotic benefits alongside great flavor. As a fermentation enthusiast, I appreciate that my local brewer risks an occasional lapse in quality control for a shot at greatness. This means that their beer will be slightly different every time I go due to the metabolic processes ongoing within. I feel this is a huge advantage over other area breweries that are more interested in producing a predictable and easily distributed beer. After all, why drink a local beer brewed to withstand shipment across the country when there are better beers shipped in to Pittsburgh from other places available at a comparable price? East End's products are uniquely fresh, competitively priced, and variable. This variability is exactly why you should try the beers on-tap before purchasing a growler as even the year-round brews are bound to differ batch to batch and evolve with age. As for the bottled beer, it is "conditioned" in the bottle (meaning naturally carbonated by ongoing fermentation) and thus a given bottle will taste different than one consumed on a different day. The gamble of live beer allows for a shot at the legendary, something many other local breweries don't even try out of fear of the occasional bad beer. East End gives it a go and succeeds 9 times out of 10.Now that I have cleared up exactly why I think East End is the best brewery in Pittsburgh, here are my opinions about a few of the beers: The Monkey Boy (hefeweizen) is perhaps one of the greatest of this style brewed in America. It is impossible to get one this good, this fresh, unless you are in Belgium. A fresh bottle of imported Franziskaner comes close. Fat Gary (nut brown ale) is alright fresh but truly excels if you leave your growler un-opened in the fridge for several days. Somehow this always tastes thin from the tap but matures quickly in the growler.  Big Hop (IPA) is a standard, a great beer to have fresh, but is eclipsed by competitors in a crowded and popular American style. Black Strap Stout is quaff-able quality anytime of year and indicates that you should never pass on the brewery's darker seasonal beers in the colder months. There is a rotating selection of seasonal brews that you should ALWAYS try when you stop in for a refill.The staff has been of great help in my own brewing endeavors by providing sound advice and encouragement. It is well worth your time to visit East End and try a few of their beers whether you are an accomplished beer aficionado or stepping outside of the mainstream for the first time. The hours are weird but the beer is literally one-of-a-kind.
4	I first found out about this brewery when I moved to Point Breeze and a neighbor brought a growler of their root beer to a picnic. I was instantly hooked and couldn't wait to head to the brewery to try some of the beers and fill up a growler. The new location off of Hamilton is a great space-not easy to find so look on Google Maps before you go. The larger space makes it a fun place to go on a weeknight to taste some of their beers and fill up a growler or two.  Love the friendly laid back atmosphere of East End and its dedication to only distributing in Pittsburgh. My favorite beers includes Monkey Boy and the seasonal blueberry and blackberry brews.
4	We stopped here on a rainy Saturday in the early afternoon and didn't know what to expect.  We parked our car halfway up on the sidewalk, which seemed like the thing to do and walked in.  The entrance is very grimy and warehouse-ish, but once you're inside, while it's like being in someone's basement bar, it seemed clean and oddly inviting.  We were mainly there to purchase some of their barleywine (called Gratitude) and were able to do so with ease.  Just as we were starting to get some samples of the beers they had on tap, a tour group came pouring (no pun intended) out of a door that I had previously thought led to walk-in refrigerator.  Given that fact, it had quite the clown car effect.  Before we knew it, the whole area around the bar was filled with people waiting for samples and ready to make purchases, so we split with the beers we had purchased and vowed to stop back next time we're in the neighborhood.  We couldn't have been there for more than 10 minutes, so the whole thing was a whirlwind but enough of a positive experience for me to recommend it.
5	Probably the best beer in Pittsburgh.  I attended a beer hike with Venture Outdoors and then our group took a tour of the brewery.  They took time to explain the beer making process and they showed all the ingredients and tools that went into producing the beer.  We tasted lots of great beer and all of our questions were answered in a very helpful way.  It's a Green Brewery, so everything is recycled or reused.  Remember to take your growler to get refilled.  There's a coffee bar in the corner as you walk in.  Everyone is very friendly and knowledgeable.  I'm a huge fan of Snow Melt and their Pale Ale.I really liked the other location, but absolutely LOVE the new location.  They have a broader range of their beers of tap and the building is a lot more comfortable.
5	Terrific beer, knowledgeable friendly staff - what more do you need? For me, East End is the definitive Pittsburgh microbrewery.And I love that Scott is aware of the times and keeps looking forward. Years ago they blew people's minds with their Big Hop, just before the IPA revolution took off. Now that every brewery is launching a "signature" hoppy beer, East End just held a celebration of dark beers: stouts and porters and coffee porters oh my!Not to mention the brewery's constant commitment to environmental practices and recycling. Highly recommended.
5	They're an extremely knowledgable, friendly brewery pumping out a variety of delicious beers-- beers that, in my opinion, are some of the best coming out of Pittsburgh's local craft scene! (I'm a fan of the Blackstrap Stout, Toasted Imperial Stout, Honey Heather, and Lord The tasting location is fantastically cozy, and the guys there are super fly and helpful. It was great to see the Festival of Darkness event get out of control! The staff kept their cool, trying to give everyone a great experience. I think they did a great job, and it was great to see them meet capacity before the event was half-over! Spread the word. This beer is great.
4	Great beer.  Cherry Chocolate Stout.  This is a tasting room - but yay!  They sell potato  chips!  They also share space with Commonplace Coffee Co. who's mean Macchiato I am hoping will allow me to keep pace for more Pittsburgh adventures.
5	Just some super folks serving up fresh, flavorful beer. At the moment, EE only sells beer by the growler, obviously growlers, bottled beer, and merchandise; however, like the other breweries in the area, EE has intentions of eventually serving by the pint.Right now, the brewery is just a great place to talk about beer and to see what's new. Stopping by is a great way to learn more about the craft as well as East End's history and aspirations.East End's Big Hop is a Pittsburgh favorite. The brewery is a great place to get some fresh Big Hop, yet I have to recommend the seasonal and special edition beers too. Every single beer I tried had a beautiful body which epitomizes East End's consistency.
5	I had been hearing about East End for quite some time and finally made my first trip last weekend. This was long overdue, especially considering how close it is to my Point Breeze house.The place itself is somewhat randomly located and looks like an unassuming warehouse. Inside, it's spacious (almost too spacious--I'm guessing they have future plans) and has rustic finishes. There were at least 10 different beers on tap and they sell three different types/sizes of growlers. The guys were very friendly and knowledgeable, and were quick to provide samples. I settled on the Saison, which was pale and citrusy but still packed a lot of flavor and was perfect for the beautiful warm weather.Now that I have a growler (and have seen just how convenient this place is) I plan on returning often.
5	Love the new location!  There's always an interesting mix of folk here, even on a weeknight.  I think there's an elevator you can take up if you use a wheelchair, but you might want to call ahead if you can to see how you can use it!  Although it is hard to get someone on the phone. Or just go check out their booth at the Public Market, which even has a "family" style bathroom.
4	As a non beer drinker, it was my mission to take my brother who was visiting to as many local breweries as possible. East End was the last stop on a 3 day tour. He was happy. He and his wife tried almost every beer but walked away with a growler of the Bigger Hop, which  I really liked as well. But the best part for me, (as a non beer drinker) was the ginger ale. You really need to try this to cleanse your palette. It was remarkable!It's a gem and I really am glad we ended here.
