4	I needed to get my windshield replaced after an original repair (done by a safelite technician in florida) cracked further in the freezing conditions up here. I was a little hesitant to call safelite again but since they would credit my original repair towards my replacement, it was kind of hard to pass up. I called on a Sunday night and could make an appointment for Monday, I chose the 8am - noon option. The technician called at 8:15 and was at my home 15 minutes later. Professional, courteous, well groomed. (I think a well-groomed person in a pressed uniform says a lot these days) He told me it would take about an hour, and got to work. About 90 minutes later he was done, and when I went out to sign the paperwork realized he had done much more than I had expected. First, the glass looked great, not a sloppy job, no residue anywhere (if you've read any safelite reviews from a google search you'll realize why I'm noting this) He had also washed all of my windows and vacuumed the hell out of my front mats. (I had been putting off having my car detailed until I fixed the glass) This is apparently standard procedure, but it was news to me. If all of the other technicians are as thorough as Bobby, you're in luck. (I'm not sure if you can request techs, but if you can - he's great) My only complaint is the difference between the price the woman I made the reservations with gave me and the price I signed for. I know I talked to someone more corporate who probably didn't factor in NC taxes (and possibly a few other fees), but you'd think they would have a program that could give me a better estimate.
4	My car caught a stone and a little bit later, the crack "popped" and I suddenly had an eight inch break in my windshield. I called my insurance company and they suggested Safelite. I also had a few friends who have done business with them and said good things.Because I didn't want to hang around for a five hour window (pun!), I opted to make an appointment at their shop which made it easier to approximate how long I would be down. The woman who made the appointment neglected to mention that the car needed to sit for an hour before driving so that the seal would set. Drag!The waiting area is decent with a television, free wifi and a play area for the kiddies.When done, the windshield was as good as new. The guy even replaced my oil change sticker on it. They offer wiper blade replacement as well, but I had just done mine a few months backNOTE! Safelite is NOT the cheapest around. I brought in a quote from another repair shop (just do a search on "windshield repair quote"). While they didn't match the $180 price, they did come down from $260 to $205 with tax. Considering the hassle that it would have been to make an appointment somewhere else, I figured it was worth $25. I can't say that this is their policy - I might have just caught them on a good day.
4	Had a crack in my windshield and Safelite took care of all aspects from getting the insurance through the process to doing a fine job replacing the glass itself.  I had the work done at their shop and the car was ready to drive after about 1 hour and 45 minutes.  The waiting area is sparse but, serviceable with DirecTV to watch if you are so inclined.  Make sure you eat before you go because there is NOTHING around to walk to while you wait.
4	So, after a rock hit my windshield on 485, an area of complete construction right now, I was a wreck. Unfortunately the crack spread, due to the heat, requiring a replacement. After reading reviews on Yelp, as well as the Internet, Safelite was rated the best. After booking my appointment, a service member came to my house to assess the damage. The windshield was ordered and Safelite worked directly with my insurance company, requiring me to only pay my deductible. Today the service was completed, and the attended was very thorough with the process, which was completed under an hour and in my condo complex. Overall very satisfied with the process and would definitely recommend Safelite to a friend.
5	The steps were simple: I made an appointment online; went to the shop; gave them my keys; I waited while they replaced my windshield; they finished; and I paid.  I was in and out within two hours.
5	Thankfully, SC has glass coverage which means that you pay nothing out of pocket to repair or replace a windshield.  There are no deductibles and your insurance company cannot count it against you.The whole experience with Safelite was great.  The people on the phone were nice despite being very busy.  The guy that replaced my windshield was polite and knowledgeable.  They came to my work and replaced it which was very convenient.  The window looks much better than the old one.  They do great work!
