5	Heather at this Supercuts is awesome, she always gets the blend perfect and makes sure every detail is spot on. If something is not quite right she will see it and take the time to get it right before she lets you get out of the chair.My hair grows fast and I like to keep it short, so I come in here about twice a month. My only complaint is that sometimes Heather goes on vacation and I have to walk around with a shaggy mop for a few days, but all is fine when she returns.Get the tea tree treatment after your cut, it's well worth the extra $7. Your hair and scalp will feel tingly clean and it's super relaxing.
4	Friendly and efficient with convenient hours and within walking distance of my home.  Prices trend a bit higher than some of the other chain salons in the area but I've been quite pleased with my last three visits here in all but one regard - the horrendous pop-music playing far too loudly.  Never faced by more than a fifteen minute wait for a walk-in and with my bank, post office, and Smith's just down the way suffice it to say I'll be a regular here as long as I live in Las Vegas.
1	Personally, I do Yelp! Reviews not to drive away business from small or large business owners but to improve customer service and quality of work that clients pay for.  Pressed for time with dinner plans I walked into this location for a shampoo and style.   I was greeted promptly , there were only two clients and 2 hairdressers.  I waited less than 10 minutes but already notice the disorganization of the place - magazines in disarray and there was no welcoming feeling from the staff.  Stacy takes me to her station no greeting - simply how do you want your hair to look.  I explained that I had plans for the evening and just need a soft natural look - no big deal.  She shampoos me and I say oh, no introductions? What is your name? That already gave me a bad sign I should have just walked out at that point!  Shampoo-ing was fine then she takes me to her station - the wall had color stains all over and she had a dirty looking towel to dry my hair.  I should have walked out then but since I'm a glutton for punishment & desperate I didn't.  She lays the towel over the standing hair dryer as if she had intentions of re-using it again!  The rest was agonizing pulling and tagging on my hair - I finally said Awe! She calmed down win her aggressive hair drying technique and then she asked do you cut your own bangs? That drove me over the edge- first of all she used the wrong type of hairbrush to style my hair and her station was filthy,  I finally stood up and said I'm not being a bitch but clearly you don't know what you are doing and I now have to go somewhere else to get it done right! She goes oh your hair is still damp and tried to fix it - I said don't touch my hair! I paid my bill and walked out not to embarrass her in front of others.  No tip!  Lesson? Clean up your store and have your staff update their skills!  Don't call your clients "honey".  Re-train your staff!  I am not going back to that location again!  And next time I will follow my instinct and walk out!
4	All my boys are soccer boys and love the fro-hawk. ...Vicky and Cindy are the ones I have found are really good. Heather too.... Vicky is really good .and knows how to fade the fro-hawks correctly. ... And we have been there ever since. ....
4	Looking for a quick trim before the holiday I ran to Supercuts during lunch and was pleasantly surprised. Paulina was very talented and was able to get me in and out of the chair in no time flat, fixing my issues my regular stylist had made at three times the price.I'll likely come back for another trim the next time I'm in need.
