5	I initially bought a set with my bf from the kiosk at Galleria Mall at Sunset. We purchased the king set with 2 additional pillowcases. Omg, these are by far the best sheets on the market! Folks, do yourself a favor and buy a set!  Someone told me once that you should always be able to feel the sheets you're purchasing and don't ever just order from a website sale or other place online just because it is heavily discounted and typically soft.  These sheets feel like a cross between satin and cotton jersey sheets imo.  Well, bf and I broke up and he took the sheets with him. :( JERK!!!!   My parents visited recently, and when shopping at Town Square we saw the kiosk there and I raved to my mom about how comfortable the sheets were. The sales girl said they were running a promotion that day for buy one get one free or 1/2 off or something, forgot which. Anyway, they were $80 total for two queen sets. Any color we wanted.  I love them and hope they stick around for a long time because I could never buy any other type of sheet.
1	I tested the Vibration 360 when I was at the store.  After thinking about it for a few days I called the store to see if the Vibration 360 was still available.  The clerk ensured me that I would get a new machine rather than the floor model which is "tested" by every man, woman, and child passing through.  I even asked her about assembly of my "new" machine.  She told me that someone would assemble it and that assembly was included in the delivery fee.  I paid for the machine in full over the phone.  To my surprise the machine arrived already put together so I figured it must have been assembled at the store.  The machine had multiple deep scratches and the frame was cracked.  WHY IN THE WORLD WOULD I AGREE TO PAY HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS FOR A USED MACHINE WITH DEEP SCRATCHES AND CRACKS!!!!  I tried to call the clerk back on her cell, but no answer.  I told the poor deliver guy (nice guy) that I was refusing delivery.  He called his manager who apologized and stated that he would deliver a new one to me....AS PROMISED!!The trust is gone!  I will NEVER order from this store ever again.  This attempt to get rid of a badly used floor model lacked integrity!!!!
5	We have 3 sets and love them.
1	I initially went to the mall for a duvet cover and had trouble finding one for an affordable price. Most were over $150. I remembered seeing Holy Sheets so I stopped in. They had a few listed at $140 on sale for $80. I was hesitant so they said they'd go down to $40. SOLD!  Plus I got another sheet set for $40. I thought I scored. Don't get me wrong the sheets are soft. They're definitely NOT 1500 thread count. ( you can see right through them) I was at another store today looking at sheets and they had the EXACT same packaging but different label!! FOR $15!!! This place is crap!! Reminded me of the ppl that sell sheets and blankets on the corners in east Vegas. Save your money and go to Marshall's...
3	We bought 3 sets of holy sheets and although they feel great to sleep on, they have a major flaw with linting and bleeding color onto mattress pad and over comfortor. I gave 3 stars because we explained to manager what was going on and he returned his products and was very helpful to deal with even though we were displeased with his product.
5	I bought sheets for myself and two other families and we all love these sheets!!  I have had egyptian cotton on my bed for years and I actually love the feel of these sheets over all other sheets I own.  They are sooo soft, you won't want to get out of bed.  Love the rich colors, look brand new right out of the dryer.....and ARE wrinkle free!!  I would recommend these and will definitely be buying more!!
3	Did I get hustled into buying sheets, yeah kinda. Am I THAT upset about it? No. Will I go buy more sheets from here, for sure NOT. But this may be a personal preference. They pushed the fact that these were 1500 threat count, but does that even matter when they're micro fiber sheets? I feel like they don't let me breath. Like if I lay in the same spot i feel like they make me sweat almost.They are soft, feel smooth, nice, decent quality. But overall they aren't really worth the $99 buy one get one deal they offer. They also pushed the "wrinkle free" idk I guess I could care less if they wrinkle or not, but they did for the record. My boyfriend loves them though, so truly it's a matter of opinion, but I wanted to write the review to point out there hustle game which is a tad bit on the shady side. The sales lady almost even got an attitude when I asked how long they had been a company, and a little history on them. I respect their game, but I won't return.
1	Horrible!!! Stay clear of this place, the beds are comfortable in the store and then when you get yours delivered its hard as a rock even after a week and then they'll tell you "we gonna charge you to pick it up and a 15% restocking fee" the guys name who does the business is Eric. STAY FAR AND CLEAR from this place.
5	Do not even bother,they are so thin and of such poor quality I truly feel bamboozled. I did feel them in the store but I guess I needed to pull them out of the package 1200 1500 thread count is crap it said on the package feels like did not notice till they were in the wash lol lol not worth the trouble I believe it would be returning them.I can just tell I would be told so so so sorry. DO NOT BUY, walk over to Macy's.Update to my review these sheet are very thin I do not know what they are made of and I do not care these sheets are so soft and they get softer every time I wash them they are so thin I cannot believe they have not ripped yet. But I do love them now.
2	The package states that the 1500 thread count sheets "feel like Egyptian cotton" but they are in fact only microfiber (which isn't stated anywhere on the package).  Luckily I bought them on sale ($40 for a queen set) so I don't feel too scammed.  We'll see how they hold up.
5	Thank you Eric for the great deal on our Nature's Sleep Gel infused Sapphire memory foam bed and bedframe. We love it!We originally came in to mess around on the vibration machine on display. That turned into wanting to buy sheets and bamboo pillows, which then had us laying on the Nature's Sleep beds that were so comfortable.I am a skeptic by nature and not easily swayed or buy on impulse, especially when it comes to large items like this. We went and did our homework to compare other nearby memory foam mattresses and dealers. We spent the remainder of the weekend doing this. Holy Sheets had the best price on the mattress we wanted and the best incentives, so we went back to Eric.We were even more thrilled to be able to get a great bedframe (since we upgraded from a Queen to a King sized bed) at a killer deal that would have costs hundreds more from other furniture dealers.I don't know which mattress others have purchased, but the one we got is the most comfortable and coolest feeling mattress I've ever slept on. The model we got is a medium firmness and felt just like the one in the store. The sheets are also smooth and cool to the touch. The bamboo pillows took some getting used to as they start out firm, but they recommend you toss them in the dryer for a little bit to soften them up and help dissipate the foam smell.Be aware that you can't sleep on your mattress for 24 hours to allow it to uncompress from its rolled up delivery state. They store it in the warehouse this way. So hopefully you have a spare guest room to sleep in for the night like we did. There is a strong foam smell the first couple days but it fades. The better the quality of mattress you get, the less of a foam smell and of course the less comfortable...so don't shortchange yourself.We absolutely love our Sapphire Gel infused memory foam bed and the bedframe we got from Eric. He was a pleasure to work with, hooked us up on sheets and even called us the following days to make sure delivery went well and we were happy with our bed. Now that's great customer service.
1	If i could i would give 0 stars! We were in the store going to buy a mattress and the owner said for us to leave! We were not good enough to buy a mattress apparently and i told him i wanted to buy the mattress and he still insisted that we left and he would take his chances. He didnt think i had money cuz im young and "brown". Little does he know that im a successful business owner. Bad ethics is all i have to say!
5	I have been buying these sheets since before they opened the store in the mall and LOVE them. I have bought them as gifts too and everyone LOVES them. Do your self a favor and try them you will never go back to anything else.
5	I have to strongly disagree with those that say they hate this product. I have spent thousands of dollars over the years on all sorts of sheet until I purchased The Hotel Luxury Collection. I bought them for year even though for mysterious reason they discolored in a splotchy manner. Then I went to Holy Sheet in the Galleria Mall and I'm a touch feely person. I loved the baboo pillows. Best blessing investment ever!!! But I also reluctantly bought the sheet due to the fact they were thin and I was afraid of fraying from (his) dry rough heels. Nope!! Didn't happen here!! They are so soft, comfortable,  and add to the comfort of my entire bed making it seem like a cloud. I was surprised that they were so nice as thin as they are. The only thing I miss as with The Hotel, is the damask stripes so I know the direction of the bottom sheet and the extra set of king pillow cases. Great product!!! So happy I was told "please don't go home without these sheets, we will refund in full if you don't like them."
5	I finally found bed sheets that satisfy me both in cold and warm weather. HOLY SHEETS! I now own 3 sets and I can honestly report these are my all time favorites. Not only do they feel wonderful against the skin, the fitted sheets  have deep dimensions with elastic ALL THE WAY AROUND. No struggle to get these in place and keep them there. Nice color choices too. Enjoy and sweet dreams.
5	I bought a set of these sheets 3 1/2 years ago. I had been looking for a nice, high thread count, soft sheet, but was only finding expensive ones, until I found Holy Sheets! Besides having a funny name, these sheets are great. They are soft and I use them year round. As someone previously mentioned, I was concerned about maybe them tearing after some use, but they have not torn at all, even with my dog up on the bed from time to time. I'm heading out to buy a set as a gift and will buy another set of a different color for me.
1	Stay away from this place, the owner doesn't want your business. We went in and he was yelling to pretty much all if his customers what they should or should not touch. Tanked guys did nice frame for a bed, but on the bed there was only one very nasty looking mattress left, where you were allowed to lay on, but as soon as anyone did so he started yelling to be careful with the $35000 bed!!! Really? Also the fish in the tanks had no oxygen coming in. How this guy is in business is beyond me. He really doesn't deserve to be in business.
