5	These burgers!! These sides!! These people!!! ALL WONDERFUL!!!!Flavorful, moist and fresh beef burgers served up casual by people who treat you like an old friend! The potato salad is so wonderful and creamy... It could rival your great granny's famous recipe! THE BAKED BEANS!!! Holy cow! They have a little bit of seasoned pulled pork spliced in with the tangy, sweet sauce and tender beans. Many, many great beverage selections to accompany your meal, as well as great old fashioned candies to delight the kid in everyone.Right on the main drag of downtown chandler!Eager staff who know how to please their customers, paired along with adorable artwork and tasty eats makes this place a MUST!!
5	Have you ever witnessed something so brilliant that the only thing  you could do was stop and take a moment to appreciate the scope of its awesomeness?This happened after my first bite of the burger here at Wimpy's Paradise. The flavor! The texture! The toppings on my burger!It has been a LONG time (maybe forever) that i've experienced so much flavor from a burger patty. If you are a fan of burgers you MUST try this place!I will be coming back. If you drop in, tell Randy (the awesome owner) that the nice one sent you!
4	If you are looking for extra seasoning in the burgers this is your place. I loved sitting out front on the sidewalk and what I think is the owner seems to be hands on and super friendly. My only wish is that they had fries but other than that it's a great place and I will be back.
5	Great burger nice mix of Angus and Chuck with excellent seasoning. ..slaw was good..I'll try the Potatoe salad next time. .even a can of vernors.  Nice murals on the walls..
2	We enjoyed the beans and cole slaw very much but no one in my family likes the taste in the burger.   It was very overpowering.  The beans were a bit pricey.  The place is cute but small.  The kids were unhappy that there weren't fries.  The menu was very limited and we probably won't return because of the strong taste in the meat.  We are eager, however, to try the hot dog place when it opens.
5	All the food is great, desserts are awesome, service is amazing, and the area is wonderful!!!
3	So I stopped by thus place since it's fairly new to downtown Chandler.  It takes a best theme off of the Wimpy Burger from the TV series Popeye.  They serve two burger sizes 1/3 and 1/2 pounders. No French Fries but they do have a side of potatoes salad that comes with the burger. They do sell chips and all their drinks are cans or bottles. I ordered the 1/3 pound burger with cheese, the side of potato salad that comes with it and a bottle of water. All total was $9,40.The burger was OK, nothing special as was the potato salad. For a buck more I could have a 1/2 pound burger with fries and iced tea at my local pub which serves up a mean burger. Nice try!
3	While one of the most friendly places I've ever been to  the comments seem to blow this place out of the water and frankly I just don't see or should I say Taste it. Burger was not juicy...not seasoned with any thing that I could taste. Potato salad tasted like it was from Fry's deli...not that that's a bad thing...just not home made. Soda selection seems to be the highlight of the meals. It looks like they went to the Soda Pop Shop in Scottsdale To Stock Up On Some Creative Fare. Oh and their candy store collection is great. ..straight from Sweeties. Neat selection! But the Burger was huge and Boring. Same with my husband's Naked chilli cheese dog and a lot more to do. Overall I am not sure if we we try them againService is perfect.  Decor is perfect for the style.  But food is unremarkable. Not bad at all just average.
5	Crowd pleaser!  Brought the whole family--Grandparents, cool Aunt, little ones--and there was something for everyone!  The burgers, dogs, & ice cream were all delicious!  The owner might be the nicest guy on the planet.
5	Stop by for one of their famous Pittsburgh dogs. It was unbelievable. You have to make this a regular stop!
5	A second location owned by randy! Customer service and good food will always always Always get 5 stars from me. If I can feel completely welcome and at ease and enjoy the food at a establishment it is easy for me to give 5 stars. It is so hard to come by amazing customer service this day and age with so many negative waiters/waitresses/bartenders that I've seen in my lifetime.I am so fortunate to have yet another place where I can go to and feel like everything will go just fine customer service wise and enjoy my food all in one trip. Randy will always greet you or his family helping out as you come through the door with open arms. If I can give more than 5 stars for that feeling I endure id give so much more. On to the food we go!I ordered just  something simple a classic burger with bacon, cheese, and of course the lettuce and tomatoes(hold the onions!!) and don't forget the side of cole slaw! My boyfriend on the other hand went the opposite route slightly and got a chili burger can't remember the name :( but good god was it delicious. I found myself after maybe 75% through with my burger to be slowing down to consume more but at the same time I couldn't help but to cut the remaining of my burger in smaller bite-size pieces and dip them into my boyfriends chili and consume burger and his chili combined. What a glorious glorious match. If you know Randy's chili like I do and his new burgers it's a match made in heaven!  Also let me just say as UN-American as I happen to be(growing up mostly with Filipinos) there happens to be plenty of American things I do not enjoy like cold sandwiches, potato salad, baked beans, etc etc etc. With that said, Randy's daughter introduced a sample of his baked beans that the spiced up to me regardless of my lack of interest in  baked beans in which I'm so happy she did. Now if I could get that sample size every time that would be perfect with my burger and chili I can definitely do since their baked beans are the only kind I can stomach and enjoy. I just can't do as much as most other people. With the glass soda products coming to this establishment as well makes this even more exciting since I love the glass bottle taste compared to the plastic bottles and aluminum cans. Oh randy you have done it again! Cannot wait to see the new Pittsburgh Willys  when it opens up!
2	I will gladly pay you Tuesday for a properly seasoned hamburger today.My family has been to Pittsburgh Willy's and we enjoyed it.  I can't say the same for Wimpy's.  My friend and I both ordered the burger.  The burger was missing the unctuousness of a great burger, and was more like a drier, backyard burger.  Worse was that the seasoning was off.  A great burger only needs salt and pepper, this burger has had something else - like celery salt, maybe? - that was off putting.  A good dose of ketchup helped but wasn't good.  If this place wants to do burgers it need to get down the seasoning and add fries and onion rings.  Why bottled iced tea?  I would bet a bottle of tea costs them more than a gallon of fresh brewed.   I may come back with the kids for a dog, but I won't be hurrying back for a burger.
5	I took our family there and I have to say it was the best tasting and flavorful burger I have had in awhile! I know everyone has their different tastes, but it was seasoned enough yet I could taste good quality of the meat. The beans were amazing, and I love the type of fries they had! Different from French fries, more like a cubed potato and great taste! The owner and his family/staff were great, talked to us and made us feel like family! The candy selection was awesome and I love that they have Thrifty Ice Cream! We will for sure be back to support a small family business, these big chain places are not for us! I know I will never go to a place and it will be 100%, and that's ok! Some people aren't happy unless they complain, but you won't get one from me, great work guys! Keep it local chandler!
4	The service was AMAZING. These guys went out of their way and made our Mommy/Son date day special. We had such a great time. This place has lots of atmosphere. I was a little unimpressed with the food but I really can't complain. The price was good and the service rocked.
5	Nice little place for some really good Thrifty Ice Cream.Randy is a super nice guy, he sat down and chatted with us for a while as we enjoyed our ice cream.The portions were very generous and the prices were definitely reasonable, there's nothing worse than getting a scoop of ice cream some where just to find out its $9. Not here.....I will be returning for the Home-Made Chili and some Hot Dogs and Burgers.Pretty cool little candy store within the restaurant as well....
5	The burger was great. You could tell the meat was hand made, not just some burger patty from Costco. The seasoning was quite well done as well.The owner is also a really cool, nice guy.Definitely check this place out.
5	My favorite fun place to go for a delicious,  unbelievably juicy burger!  Potato salad that's just the right combination of sweet and savory, and brings me back to fond memories of mom's summertime picnic cooking. PLUS... the pulled pork beans with exactly the right mix of tender pork in sweet and spicy beans!  I think when God has a hankering for the best burgers,  he (or she) just has to visit downtown Chandler and pop into Wimpy's Paradise!
4	Can't speak for the food, as we just stopped in for a quick milkshake, which was good (they use Thrifty ice cream). It's a cute little shop with a handful of tables and the service is not super speedy, but the owner Randy is one of the friendliest guys you'll ever meet. He sat at our table and talked with us for a while. We found out our teams are rivals...but he did tell us if the Browns beat The Steelers, our next lunch is on him...so we still have to cash in on that :) LOL! This is obviously a labor of love for him so we'll continue to support this local establishment.
5	Great Dogs! Arizona Dog with Guac is killer!I had the Pittsburgher with Ham and cheese. It is Fantastic. The guy who runs the place is very friendly and actually came over and sat with us for a minute.
5	Little small place with big tasting food!!!!  Good for lunch and dessert!!! Wide variety of burgers and hot dogs. Roaming the square just happened to stumble on this place. I am glad I did!!
5	This place is awesome but you have to know what to order:Burgers are very good! Get the pretzel bun.Big Willy hotdog is great and a lot of food.Substitute chili for default sides, it's amazing!And lastly, Randy is the man.
4	Great burgers and even better dogs. True Midwest flavor.  Staff is just as great as the food!
5	My husband and I were eating this food back when it was just Pittsburgh Willy's at the antique market! We love it! The food is simple, often something we coI'll and would make at home, but that is why it is good. It is home cooking that you don't have to make yourself! I was pleasantly surprised this morning when I found out that they have a breakfast menu!  I had the fried bologna sandwich, which was made with a thick slab! It was very good. My husband had a cheesy mess of breakfast tasty! And these were big plates of food!About the service. The food comes out much faster now-a-days, which is probably because they have a bigger area to work in, and I am so excited for them! The food is hot and fresh. The owner, Randy, is the first face I have always seen, even back at the antique market, and he seems so stoked to have customers. Such a good atmosphere at this legitimate mom'n'pop shop.Check them out!
5	Pittsburgher managed and owned ... great service and food with a friendly Pittsburgh hometown style. Wimpy hamburgers and Pittsburgh Willy hotdogs are tasty... Randy does a great job in making your experience a comfortable one with quality food. A pleasant place for a quick bit in old town Chandler Az. One of a kind...   :-)
5	The food is so good. Great burgers, shakes and Pittsburg authentic food.  But what really makes this place great is the staff and the amazing Pittsburgh atmosphere.  Yinz need to check this place out!r
5	Fantastic burgers!  My 1/3 lb burger with grilled onions, lettuce, tomato and pickles was great.  The fresh grilled flavor was perfect.  Ice cream for dessert completed the meal!  My new favorite burger joint!
5	Very quaint, comfortable place for a quick bite to eat. Food and ice cream served all in one location.  Best of both worlds! Great selection of different types of sodas and candies.  The pulled pork baked beans were incredible!  We were immediately greeted by the owner who was very nice and accommodating.  He actually took the time to sit with us and get to know our family.  Our hamburgers were great and the value was even better.  Looking forward to going back soon.
5	Our family ate here after deciding to skip the extra long wait at a nearby restaurant.  Their loss, our gain!  Wimpy's was great!  It was New Year's Eve night and the friendly atmosphere was fabulous!  I highly disagree with the review that says "burgers are burgers and dogs are dogs."  Not here!  The burger was seasoned wonderfully, juicy and the right size!  My Aunt had a dog and said she will be coming back for me.  Randy was cookin' something good in a crock pot.  Although it was supposed to be for New Year's Day, he gave us a little taste.  DELICIOUS!  Friendly & Fun, greet food.  Next time we are n Chandler, we will be stopping in.  Until then, Come here, let me show you something! ;)
