5	OLPH is a church that I have frequented over the years -- first when I used to visit Arizona on vacation as child and now as I have lived here as a resident over the years. OLPH is a solid church with a welcoming parish and an inspirational and moving Mass. With so many out of town guests frequenting our city, it can be difficult for them to find a nice church to attend while they are here. Well, let me suggest OLPH. As I mentioned, this Parish is welcoming to visitors and often goes out of their way to say a brief welcome to them during Sunday mass. So why review a church? Well, for one, even God's house of prayer deserves love on Yelp! Plus, I want to make sure that the Catholics out there can read about a few good churches in the Valley -- at least ones I like! Mass times:Sunday - 6:15, 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 A.M., 5:30 P.M.Saturdays: 6:15, 8:30 A.M. & 5:30 P.M. (Vigil)Weekday Masses: 6:15, 8:30 A.M. & 12 NoonHoly Days: 6:15, 8:30 A.M., 12 Noon & 5:30 P.M.
5	I just returned to the Church after quite a long hiatus, and have really been welcomed into this parish.  Franky I am not sure if i would still be going if they weren't so welcoming! If you are looking for a positive Catholic experience please try OLPH!
3	Sadly, the pastor announced his resignation for health reasons. I overheard the cancer word in discussions after. My prayers are with you Father.
4	One of the reasons I love escaping on Sunday mornings is to spend time with God. It's not about the building or the people. And this place will give you that. But it has to be noted that I love how the pastor has a thick accent so I feel like I'm getting a multi-cultural message. The crowd here is more blue haired but the sweetest souls that will love on you. Their smiles and faith just lift you up. I prefer to come here to do stations during Lent because it's never busy. In fact, their availability for mass times and confessions fits even the busiest of people. It's good to purge the soul so you can refill with goodness. I'll even hold your hand if you want.
