5	Had a root canal done here today.   I can sum it up in 3 words:  Hi-Tech, Professional, and Friendly.    This was my 2nd root canal (1st here) and i was expecting a much worse experience that I had.   Front desk, doctor, and staff were all excellent.  Would definitely recommend this place!
2	Dr. DeBaker sent me here for an assessment, but they seemed more concerned about hitting me up for money to pay for a root canal BEFORE they even did the assessment to determine whether or not I should get a root canal in the first place. This is obviously a place of business where their first priority is maximizing the money they extract from each patient and NOT what is in the patient's best interest!Once I got in the dentist's chair, the Dr. came in and convinced me that I needed another root canal. Wham, bam and 30 minutes later I was out of the chair and paying the bill... I only went here for an assessment! Anyways, I think the Doctor who worked on me did a great job, was very skilled and highly efficient, plus he got a second opinion from one of the other doctors... But, make no mistake, this practice is a money generating enterprise with little concern for their patient's best interests.  The receptionist reminds me of a mafia bill collector!
4	I have had two root canals here, one a scheduled revision and one in an emergency. I must say the staff are incredibly understanding and helpful during this painful process. The doctors have great bedside manners and do amazing work. They helped save my tooth that was mangled by a dentist previously. I would recommend them to anyone and if I need another root canal I'll be back.
5	I had a root canal done yesterday by Dr. Hardy.  He was extremely professional.  Also, I felt that he was very trustworthy.  He explained to me in detail what I needed and why.  We also looked at 2 other teeth that my dentist recommended me to get root canals and Dr. Hardy told me that he didn't think it was necessary.  I highly recommend them.  I was also very impressed with Pam who assisted Dr. Hardy.  She was very kind and concerned with how I was doing.
5	I had never had a root canal done and was extremely nervous! I wasn't sure what to expect, but his place is amazing! From the second you walk in the door until the second you leave! The front staff are kind and welcoming and the office is very clean.  Dr. Baker and his assistant Jen were so kind! The doctor actually looked me in the eyes while shaking my hand! He walked me through the steps as he was doing them, always checking that I was comfortble, even offering me juice and a blanket before we got started! The procedure was fast and I was encouraged to listen to Pandora on my iphone. This place has top of the line equipment and service! I will be referring family and friends for sure!
5	I needed 2 root canals so my dentist recommended Apex Endodontics. I scheduled an appointment with Dr. Ike Hardy D.M.D. I was so pleased with how gentle and caring he is. He put me at ease and made sure I was comfortable every step of the way during 2 root canals. He arranged his scheduled to get me in quickly because I was in a lot of pain also. Dr. Hardy did a very good job and will go back to see him again because he is awesome!
5	Fantastic place! Dr. Hardy is incredibly gentle and professional. I just had a root canal performed today and wanted to write about my positive experience. I couldn't have asked for a better endodontist!! They are the best!!!!
1	My dentist in Chandler sent me here. In fairness, I won't be going back there, either. Both determined that I needed a root canal on a tooth with a dead nerve. Fine. Did it. everyone got their money (which, as a previous reviewer remarked, seems the paramount concern). A month later I noticed that tooth hurt - significantly enough that I felt I needed to go back. Thankfully, I only had a temporary crown on it but even still - that was a couple hundred dollars out of pocket. Dr. Hardy 'tests' my teeth and basically throws his hands up and says 1) leave it alone, take some steroids and antibiotics and 'see if it goes away' 2) redo all the work and put some medicine directly into the canal and see if it improves 3) pull tooth 4) surgery (not recommended). 5) Go to an Ear Nose Throat doctor and see if it is my sinuses. I just looked at him incredulously. He stared at me blankly. I said "I'm not the one who went to dental school." Why does it hurt out of nowhere? Shouldn't it not hurt at all? How can we NOT KNOW what is going wrong to the point where we're going to play "Pin the Tooth on the Nerve Ending" three or four more times until we figure it out? I seriously can't believe with all that equipment - with all their diplomas and training - everything is as much of a guessing game as it appears. Don't waste your time or money. Dr. Hardy's 'gee whiz' attitude almost made me burst into flames right there. I'll find someone else. Thankfully there are several hundred to choose from in the greater Phoenix metro area. Do yourself a favor and avoid this one.
5	If you need an Endodontist, Ike Hardy is the man. I had a failed root canal done by another Endodontist, Dr. Hardy agreed to re-treat my tooth and the re-treatment was a success! On top of this, Dr. Hardy is an awesome, caring, and knowledgeable person.
