5	I feel very lucky to have found Liz from EK Tax and Accounting.  I have fought for 5 years to find a good CPA and finally I have found her.  She is everything I could hope for in a CPA.  She does very thorough tax planning which has saved me TONS of money already this year.  She is very timely with responding to requests.  She looks out for the interests of the business.  I feel confident that I am getting the best tax advise that I can get.  I can't say enough wonderful things about her.
5	The absolute most professional accounting/tax firm on the planet. This firm is helpful, knowledgeable, and very prompt. This firm looks out for your best interest and offers expert advice on tax issues. You can't go wrong using EK!
5	Liz is by far the best CPA that I have ever found. She truly cares about every single one of her clients and treats them on a more personal level. She really takes the time to explain things. I feel very secure having her as my CPA and I know I am getting a huge savings through Liz. I would recommend this to everyone and anyone.
5	I first contacted Liz after another accountant botched my 2008 taxes and got me in seemingly deep trouble with the IRS. Liz went through line by line and corrected the errors, then wrote a clear and thoughtful letter to the IRS explaining the honest mistake. Highly recommended.
5	EK  Tax has provided our business with superb tax guidance  and planing This group responds to all,our inquiries quickly and accurately. We are alerted of tax law changes and the potential impact they can  have on our small business. We don't stress or worry we know we have the absolute best accounting and tax firm. If you want honest and personalized service call EK.
5	Liz's knowledge and professionalism is everything you look for in a CPA.  However, her genuiness and friendliness are above and beyond anything I have every experienced in an accounting relationship.  Liz has a unique knack at making extreming complicated tax situations very simple to understand.  She also has helped me save more money than any accountant before.  I have been a client of Liz's for years and will never change!
5	I went in to meet with Liz about my taxes, both personally and professionally and I came out with so much more! Liz and her team are fantastic! They treat you like they have known you for years and are extremely welcoming. My taxes seemed easy to understand by someone who is an expert and professional in every sense of the word. EK tax goes above and beyond to make sure you are satisfied and more importantly, that you understand everything.What I didn't expect is how she truly wants everyone to succeed as much as they can. Within our meeting she had expanded my network by leaps and bounds. Offering new ideas and areas to get new business and join networking groups. No other CPA I have ever met has ever done anything like that. Liz and her team are truly the best that are out there!
5	LIz and her team are top notch! They are the only ones we trust for both our personal and business tax preparation and more importantly our tax planning.We highly recommend their services
5	Liz, Curt and Brandy are not only friendly, professional and efficient, EK Tax has given me the confidence to manage my freelance business taxes in the most affordable way possible. Good accounting cost money to be sure, but the longterm satisfaction of knowing your personal and business taxes are being handled by people who care about your success is crucial. Coming from someone with very complicated and messy tax matters to deal with, this team made it painless and the results have been nothing short of amazing.I would highly recommend EK Tax and look forward to a long and prosperous relationship.
