3	Update: We finally got the album, a year and a half later. And that was AFTER the first version they sent was full of pixellated images, inconsistent borders, and other mistakes that looked extremely amateur. Of the 20 pages, more than half had errors on them. And this was AFTER they claimed they thoroughly checked the photos. It was a nightmare! We waited 3 more months to get the second, corrected album.  It is beautiful but we couldn't believe that after all this time, they would send the initial product in such poor condition, and then seem surprised when we pointed out all the errors! It was a terrible experience. And now, nearly two years after our wedding date, we have yet to receive the DVD slideshow we paid for as part of our $5600 package. Original review:A year after my wedding, I am still waiting for the album. They did a fine job of covering the wedding and taking photos.My biggest issue is not the product. It's that they made us feel like they were doing us a favor, even though we paid nearly $6000 for our wedding pics and album, we always felt we had to be on eggshells when asking for anything. They were always very quick to respond to emails about our payments but anytime we asked about when our photos would be ready or about our album, it took days to get a response. We didn't get to see our wedding photos until about 4 months after they were taken. They told us it would take 6-8 weeks.NONE of our other wedding vendors was anything like this. Everyone else was extremely professional and responded to everything in a timely fashion and always treated us respectfully. The album creation process was a nightmare. The first version looked like a high school yearbook. It was very cut and paste. There were cut - off faces and repeated photos. We felt like very little time was put into it. Of course we didn't want to anger the people designing our book, so we complimented some of the layering effects on the pages and requested more pages like that. That's when they told us those pages were the work of a designer they 'outsourced' to. That was fine, but then they told us if we wanted changes, we would have to pay more so they could pay the designer! That was a total surprise, not stated in our contract, and very frustrating since we'd already paid $5600, in full, by the date of our wedding months earlier.  We ended up paying more to get our album, we had no choice! Bottom line--Heather is the wife, very nice lady who was polite and kind to our families at the wedding. Gino seemed to be more focused on their business of teaching other photogs to shoot weddings, rather than focusing on the weddings of their clients. I wish I would've followed my gut instincts when Gino seemed persnickety to begin with. Would've saved us a lot of time and drama. (BTW, Gino refused to show us an example of a wedding he shot from start to finish, which was standard procedure among every other photographer we contacted. Brides: It's good to ask to see that because you get a better sense of the photographer's style and how they capture things throughout your whole wedding day, not just a collection of greatest hits from different weddings. Also, be sure to ask about album design, who does it, and any hidden charges down the line.)P.S. Gino called me everything from "bridezilla" to "she didn't like us because we weren't Chinese" (I'm not Chinese) after I posted my review. But let me reiterate, the photos were beautiful, Heather was very nice, it's just that we felt pretty beleaguered during the album design and we hope SBP takes greater care in the future and learns from the experience just like we did.
5	We hired Story by Photo to shoot our Destination wedding in Riviera Maya in 2007. We were hesitant to hire anyone because of all the nightmare stories we have heard about Destination Photographers just not showing up to some other brides weddings, terrifying! But after extensive searching we found that Gino and Heather have been doing this for quite awhile and we felt extremely comfortable in hiring them. Glad we did! Simply the most amazing non traditional photos we could have dreamed of!We highly reccomend them to anyone looking for a Destination Wedding Photographer. We are happy to say we also recieved our album on time as well and it was nothing short of Spectcular. I mention that after reading that horribly cutting review of what appears to be a brideZilla a few reviews below. That review saddens me as Gino and Heather were absolutely the coolest and easiest to work with! So much so they will be doing my sisters Wedding next September in Long Island.Jackie and EliYonkers, NY
4	Gino and Heather shot our wedding in Boston two years ago, upon a recommendation from a friend (see Victoria D's review below!). We loved their style -- innovative, elegant, and definitely the most creative we've seen. I was really excited to work with them. Although we did have a few hiccups (I didn't like the initial layout of the album, but Heather stayed on the phone with me for two hours to redo it how I wanted. I did pay extra to redo the layout, but it was worth it. I now love my album...), we are really happy with our photos and the quality of the pictures/album. Everybody that sees them agrees that they are really artistic and hang in our home as artwork :-)Also, I have to note that a few months after getting our album, something happened to make the pages stick together for some reason. Heather immediately had FedEx pick up my damaged album, at no charge, and had GraphiStudio (the Italian company that makes these albums) reprint it. I really appreciated how quickly and efficiently this was taken care of.Overall, my husband and I and our families and friends love our pictures...I do wish that Gino liked them enough to post some on his website!
5	We had a fairly simple Wedding at the Royal Palms. We knew we wanted top notch Wedding Photography and we heard from numerous people in the Snobsdale area that these guys were THE photographers if quality was the concern.We naturally assumed they would be out of our price point but decided to call. Pleasantly surprised they were located in the far East Side of town close to us so that worked out great to go meet them.We did and we worked out what we found to be a very reasonable package for a local Wedding, considering the quality of the work.We could not have been happier with the quality of service of the photographers, the more than amazing images and the professionalism and creativity of both of the photographers. When you hire a photographer you should base the feedback on the images. That is what i'm doing. 5 star. The rest just happened to be great as well.
