3	Nice staff, trendy crowd, good music, overall good ambiance, food and cocktails are ok
4	Suwu is a refreshing new addition to the plethora of annoying bars along st. Laurent. It's along the lines of furco and sparrow. Nice antique detailing, plants and pretty lighting :) and good music! The cocktails are tasty and they even offer a $4 beer - not bad! Check it out!
3	SuWu's interior is very rustic, set up with lots of wood.  From the clad wall and the dressed bar to the slab communal tables, all the wood gives you a welcoming feeling.Going along with the rustic welcoming feel, the menu carries comfort food favorites and bar grub: grilled cheese mac 'n cheese sandwich, tacos, some fried items, BBQ ribs...  We're not too big on cocktails, but the menu seems to have a few intriguing house specials.Whether it's to watch the game, have a drink, or grab a bite, SuWu welcomes you as you are (please put a shirt on though) with a no-fuss attitude and a big smile.  They should have no problem filling up those seats with the McGill students next door and Plateau residents not far off.
3	It is always nice to see a new spot pop up in my neck of the woods. The Milton-Parc district a.k.a McGill Ghetto and its adjacent strip of Saint-Laurent street presents some interesting options to check out and I certainly have my regular locales (I have mentioned how much I LOVE Icehouse?) Last week, SuWu neighborhood bar opened up replacing the now departed Cafeteria right by the corner of St-Laurent and Prince Arthur. I saw some pictures of the media event they hosted and decided that I definitely needed to try the interesting food and drinks that they were serving.I sadly didn't have the chance to take any nice interior shots of the bar but the first thing that sticks out about the space is the great decor and feel they have created. Outdoor-but-indoors look with copious amounts of wood panels, wood table and bar countertops, fake plants, a ceiling lattice with vines and lights hanging off from above. Add some great music and a few nice vintage touches and you have a setting relaxed enough to simply have a nice drink and watch the game but upscale enough to make it an evening out before heading elsewhere along the Main. The bar has a variety of beers on tap, some speciality cocktails and a pretty interesting "Mickey" service with different varieties of tequila, gin and bourbon. To start, I ordered an bourbon Olde Fashioned. For me personally, this is my test of a bar's (and a bartender's) worth. An olde fashioned is a very classic and straightforward drink but one that can be royally messed up if you don't take care to prepare properly. This one was okay. I've had better around the city but this is one I would order again to give it a second try.The food menu is an interesting mix of warm and cold dishes that certainly are not what we would call "traditional" bar food. To start, a order of rosemary fries. Exactly what you would expect. Very crispy fries with a strong but not overbearing hint of rosemary. A good starter.Next up, my big winner for the evening : mini biscuit and fried chicken sandwiches with kimchi. A very unique but well created dish. The biscuit buns were solid, the fried chicken was nicely seasoned and crispy and the kimchi added a nice little kick with the festivities. Absolutely a must order again.To change it out, we ordered the spicy Edamame. I love edamame and in the end, while it was quite good, let's just say that edamame covered with a spice mix is not necessarily the right thing to eat while sitting at a bar. A little too messy for my taste at a bar like this.Still hungry, we ordered the Meat Ball Tacos. While very creative, this was a miss for me mostly on account of the hard shell tacos being used. I was originally under the impression that it would be soft tortillas and I think it would have made it better and more importantly, easier to eat. When the shells crack after a bit and fall apart, it makes eating meat balls and smoked mozzarella covered in tomato sauce a little bit harder. I get the texture addition of the hard shells but it didn't do it for me.Finally, this bar even has dessert! we ordered the rice crispy Panini with chocolate, peanuts and homemade creme fraiche. Rich and sweet, this was a very nice way to finish a night of food with a few drinks.I did have some small issues with the service that evening - specifically the process of ordering food from the bar because the bartender who took our food order was also supposed to go pick up our order. At the same time, she got swamped with all the drink orders for all the tables so our food sat for pick up much longer than it should have. The staff seemed to fixed that issue by getting someone else to bring the food to the bar by the end of the night. It didn't have a negative impact on the food thankfully and I will be curious to see on my soon-to-be subsequent visits - and believe me, there will be. I live 10 minutes away on foot for god's sake! - if that was simply a opening week one-off.I was quite satisfied with my first taste of SuWu and happy to see a new neighborhood bar opened up close by. I will definitely be heading back to try the rest of the menu that still has me intrigued. Hopefully, they make a good enough impression with the rest of the locals to stick around for a while.Cheers!
5	I loved the decor! The place really had an interesting and unique look to it. I spent most of my time just looking around at the decor!Service was great! Friendly waitress and we didn't have to wait long for our drinks and plates!I ordered a cocktail called Brooklyn's Finest ( I definitely recommend it) as well as a plate of poutine. I did underestimate the poutine but it was actually quite good, especially considering that this is not a poutine place but a bar.Overall, I would definitely recommend Suwu!
2	I have been here 2 times. Both very disappointing. The first time I went to Su Wu was no long after they opened. Went there for dinner. Fries are really good, the rest of the food in the menu is TERRIBLE. I ordered tacos and I couldn't even eat them because they were disgusting. This weekend I went here again because I wanted to give it another try, since maybe the lunch menu would be better. I sat there for 20 minutes and they didn't even bring us the menu. NOTHING. I looked at the waitress a couple times. She looked back at me. But she was too busy talking with some friends on another table. Not coming back here ever again.
4	While I can't speak to what this is like after hours, I can say that this was a fantastic spot to stop for brunch.There's no sign on the door, so this is the kind of place that if you don't know what you're looking for it, you won't find it. The decor was pretty cool - I'd say a hipster-fied west elm vibe. They open up all the front windows which lets in a nice breeze and makes it easy to people watch on St. Laurent. The music that they were playing was perfect for brunch. Fun, but not too dance party. I guess I'd say like laid back DJ music? We started with the fruit bruschetta, and while it was good I wouldn't necessarily order it again. For my main meal I ordered the egg in a basket. This was out of control good. A base of salty bread pudding with chunks of bacon, smothered with caramelized onions, portobello mushrooms, cheddar cheese, and an egg on top. Also, a pretty healthy side of hash browns. I want to say this was only $12 or $13 and regardless of how delicious it was I had trouble finishing more than half of it. Amazing food, great value. I felt like the drinks were kind of expensive compared to the food. $35 for bottomless mimosas is really steep (at least compared to the Miami standard of around $20 - where things always tend to be more expensive, not less). We ordered the Suwu house beer (not bad) and then I had a Raspberry Sage breakfast cocktail. It was pretty tasty, and I guess an OK deal for $9.I loved the food and atmosphere enough to definitely make another stop in here the next time I'm in Montreal. A note about service: when the place started to fill up the service started slipping. They only had one poor waitress working brunch at 11am. Don't know if this is standard practice, but I might not expect anything other than a very leisurely Sunday brunch here.
5	Great bar with great bartenders, everyone seems to be having fun, hoegaarden on tap - really good hang over brunch food and huge windows that open out onto the street, gets crowded at night so bewareWe had their version of egg in a basket which was delicious and the creton is very good too - lady friend had the banana bread and salmon bagel which she really liked.I thought the prices were very reasonable and I can't believe someone complained about the endless 35$ mimosa - so cheap and so good.We came a few times before we went out and they had a DJ playing off-the-beaten-path electronic and a young diverse crowd. Definitely a great addition to the neighborhood.
4	I love this place! The music is great the staff is super friendly. They have very interesting cocktails, the Thug Passion is delish!
3	Nice clean place, no wait period, staff is cool and food appetizing. I don't understand why this resto does not serve egg white only dishes. The waiter was sweet and asked if they could make an exception, no luck but I appreciate the effort he put in. The decor was pretty different from the typical breakfast place, urban jungle with a virtual fireplace, lol. I like the exotic real plants, There is nothing more annoying when a restaurant tries to look more nature / exotic-like  with fake plants. I would come again.
5	Very hipster atmosphere. I was there for saturday brunch and the service was very good. Poached eggs on the Tartare de Saumon were perfectly cooked. Everything was nice UNTIL, right before leaving, the waiter took our water glasses for no reason. When we asked for more water, he brought us new cups containing luke-warm tap water. Despite that last slip-up, it was a very enjoyable brunch.
5	I've never had service this good! Honestly, our waiter was amazing and very easy on the eyes. We went on a Friday night, Jan 17th, just before happy hour was ending. He told us we had about 5 mins left to get drinks half off, some were only $5! So we ordered one drink each at first, then decided to order another to make it before the cut off time. The waiter gave us recommendations on drink to order which were very good! When he came to take our food order, I ordered the soup and poutine and he warned me that it would be too much for me, so I just ordered the poutine which was good and plenty, the waiter was right! I also had some of my boyfriend's lobster roll which was soooo delicious, we ended up trading our meals with each other. Nonetheless, we gave the waiter a nice tip and were on our way. I will definitely go back to SuWu for my next trip to Montreal.
5	Its hella awesome! I'm going to find every excuse in the book to return here!
1	I came to Suwu bar looking for a tasty brunch to share with my boyfriend on Saturday but ended up leaving hungry and upset by the carelessness and haughty attitude of our waiter.Both my boyfriend and I ordered an egg and avocado dish that had potatoes and toast as a side.  I informed the waiter I was unable to eat the toast as I have an allergy.When our food arrived, both plates had toast and in addition to that, it seemed the potatoes were also coated in flour before being deep fried.   Occasionally wait staff does not understand my food allergy or makes a careless mistake because they are too busy, which I can let slide, but not what happened next.When I asked my waiter to send the dish back to the kitchen and attempted to clarify what I can and cannot eat  he informed me that I couldn't have anything off their menu because everything is made with gluten (including their fruit salad, apparently).  He chided me for not making it more clear why I couldn't eat bread and diminished the seriousness of my food allergy by claiming health condition is 'actually just an intolerance,' which he said the kitchen staff informed him of.  Apparently neither the kitchen staff nor our blonde waiter has ever heard of celiac disease, which affects 1% of the North American population.I would advise the management of Suwu bar to speak to their wait staff and cooks about the attitude of their employees as I'm certain anyone receiving service as we did will not be returning to eat (or drink) again.  I've been living in Montreal for 5 years now and this has been the worst service I've had in a restaurant with my autoimmune disease, hands down.
4	We had a really great time here and will definitely return.Got in at about Noon on Saturday for brunch (btw, first time I ever went to brunch that early, SO worth it, much more empty and free and worth your money) and we ended up staying 3 hours.We were a group of six, and everyone ordered variations of egg dishes and fruit salads. Everything was great. I had eggs benedict with bacon, and they were probably one of the best ones I ever had in my life, really. They were about $12 each plate.Also, my gf and I had the endless mimosas for $35. It is quite steep, but they are really good, and strong, and the waiter is ON IT, he'll bring one the second it finishes. I ended up having like 8 over the course of 3hrs.Other people were ordering caesars and stuff, and they were just exceptional.The place is also really chill, understated, and doesn't have that tacky brunch feel that a lot of places have that make you feel that you're in a shitty version of Sex & the City. The waiter also came over at one point and gave everyone a free shot of their choice and took one with us. The waiter was also super friendly, fast, attentive and just great. Probably best service I ever had in Montreal, honestly.We had one of the best brunches we'd ever had here. It is quite a pricey experience (for two ppl our bill was $100, others was around $75)  though. However, this is a good place to build your Saturday around as an outing. Not just a quick brunch then something else after. So in that sense, the price becomes not so bad and we'll definitely return.
1	Many people have given Suwu rave reviews, and I'd like to agree but this place has literally the worst service I've ever encountered. My first time at Suwu it took an hour to get our food after ordering, and my eggs benedict came STONE COLD. No one wants cold hollandaise, ever. The second time I went to Suwu, I vowed for no food, and only bottomless mimosas. We were seated after 30 minutes, and then were told we couldn't order drinks from a server because he wasn't assigned to our table. I didn't see one other person "working" if thats what they think they're doing. I love the atmosphere, and I understand why people like this place, but seriously, bad service is pathetic.
4	We had a group of 6. Food was on point. Couple guys got the sandwich of the day. I got their burger. Everyone loved it. Decor is very unique and and the music they were playing was great. We will Go back for brunch most likely
2	Terrible Service. Incompetent Staff.This place was once my favorite brunch spot, but in recent months it has gone down hill. I was told that I couldn't have what I ordered because the kitchen didn't feel like making it; the waitress later made a joke about how inattentive she'd been despite NOT being busy.Sure, the food is pretty good, but I'd rather be treated as a customer rather than an inconvenience.
3	Pas un bar pour aller discuter entre copines : la musique est bien trop forte pour s'entendre parler. Dommage
4	Great atmosphere and the food is really superb. We just ordered a lot of plates and shared them between the four of us, so I can tell you the chicken bucket, pogos, rosemary fries, and grilled cheese mac 'n cheese are all really flavorful. The only two things I didn't like: the cocktails and house beer were super weak and watered down; the drinks are all very pricey with a draft beer going for $9 which is a bit absurd. If you go here, go for the food.
2	(Brunch review) SuWu recently made over their food section of their brunch menu -- completely different. I tried the mcmuffin and it was ok, but definitely not worth $14. The sandwich itself tasted like a mcdonalds mcmuffin, and the hashbrown was way too greasy. It's a different hashbrown than the old menu, I'd suggest substituting for the potatoes.There's definitely way better brunch places in town. It's a shame because their old menu was really great :(
2	I've visited SuWu a couple times- mostly due to all of the hype I feel like it's gotten in the last year. Needless to say, I really feel like the SuWu experience is just that- hype.The drinks are consistently weak and overpriced, the place is always understaffed, and the food is basic basic basic. Last time I visited I had the breakfast chili- likely the most bland and expensive vegetarian chili with (1) poached egg I have ever had.During our last visit, while waiting to get seated, a group of twelve women came in for a birthday party and mentioned to the host that they had made a reservation two weeks earlier for their group. The host bashfully informed them that they no longer take reservations as of a few days, and as such their reservation had been cancelled and no one had thought to call them,WOAH THERE. BAD MANAGEMENT MOVE.I gave two stars based on the fact that the decor is great, as is the location.
