4	Is it bad when the drive thru staff recognizes your voice? Beyond that, I'll never admit how often I eat Wendy's.It's a fast food chain, the quality varies little and the staff comes and goes.  But a trend I've noticed at all fast food drive thrus lately is they want to hurl the food at you the second you pull up, and they barely wait till you have your drink/change/card in hand before they slam the window in your face.How much do napkins really cost?  By the sudden scarcity of napkins in my bag (and not just here, all over the place) I am assuming they must be pretty expensive.   The biggest problem here, is that no one listens to the customer.  They listen for exactly as long as they need to to get the basics of your order.  By not active listening, they create this sense that we, the customers, are taking them away from something really important.   I don't go through a drive thru to validate my self worth, so I don't care if they don't make me feel special and loved, but for god's sake, listen when I ask for a straw, napkins or condiments!
3	I like the salads and frosty from here that's about it. I like the chili every now and then.
1	My boyfriend and I came to this Wendy's for dinner. We both ordered a burger and a small fries off the dollar menu. We are both two terrible broke college students, so this was sort of a "date night" for us. When ordering I asked the cashier if they had by any chance me any fresh fries. He said "ummm i dunno??" So I politely asked if we could get our fries from the next fresh batch. When we got our fries it was very clear that they were old and they were very cold. I went back up and asked him if we could have some fresh fries like I asked. He didn't apologize or mention anything about the situation at all. He just walked away and said nothing. So I went back down and sat at my table, waited a few minutes, and then he shouted "fresh fries!" Didn't even bother to bring them to our table? It was so rude. Not a please, or a thank you, or smile, or any  sort politeness or common courtesy from him at all the entire time we were there.
