5	One of my favourite shops in Edinburgh and a must visit for anyone with a passion for food from the Americas or the Caribbean. Stocking everything through hot sauces, pickles, chips, dips and chilies through to deli items like cheese and chorizo. For those that like a drink (and who doesn't in this town) there's a pretty impressive selection of tequilas and imported beers. To top it all off the folks that run it are friendly and helpful and are always happy to give cooking tips when asked for. Pick up a copy of their cook book while you're there and give the smothered pork chops in onion gravy a go. I promise you won't regret it!
4	this is the shop for any north americans in dire need of products from home. they got whatchamacallits, root beer (no mountain dew cause they claim its illegal in the uk?), refried beans, my fave spicey condiments, pretty much most home grown edible items you may be craving. sadly,no jif or peter pan peanut butter. but they do have skippy. if you want canned pumpkin for thanksgiving, you better get it around canadian thanksgiving cause they were out by yank time.its imported so it aint cheap
4	This tiny little shop is like a little cave of treats. The walls are lined with the type of foods your local supermarket just doesn't sell. My reason for going was because I heard they had a good selection of American goods. I could hear the Peanut Butter M&Ms calling my name! So firstly they do your standard imported American goods- Aunt Bessies Pancake mix/syrup, variety of Betty Crocker cake mixes, chocolate bars, sodas (not Mountain Dew), Fluff etc. But the more exciting part of the shop is the huge selection of spices, chillies, salsas and hot sauces. There is also a good selection of chorizo which rather excited me. This shop would take care of any spice needs you had for any cuisine as it seemed to cover everything from Mexican to Asian spices.  I admired the salsas and hot sauces for a good while before deciding I was too poor to buy anything. Unfortunately as the items are imported, they are quite expensive. But I could probably treat myself to something on my next visit (is it sad that I consider buying some proper salsa a treat?!) and I will definitely be back, very soon!
5	Lining the shelves of Lupe Pinto's lies an impressive range of spice packs, hot sauces, and rare cooking ingredients. Influenced by Mexican, Malaysian, Jamaican and Indonesian cooking to name a few, Lupe Pinto's stocks many overseas delights. Recipe cards are freely available either at the entrance or from the counter and this certainly provides the catalyst for a thorough search through the ingredients on offer. Taking Lupe's lead I had an attempt at the 'Lupe Pintos Chile Con Carne' and was impressed with the result, or at least my satisfied chums were. They stock plenty of alternate beers too resulting in what has been a one stop shop for me on many occasions.
3	From the outside Lupe Pintos looks a little grubby, the awning is dirty and could do with getting replaced; this shop front has perhaps seen better days. Do not let appearances fool you though for inside is a deli and grocer that sells all manner of exotic bits and pieces. They've managed to squeeze a lot of stock into what is actually quite a small shop. There are numerous varieties of hot sauces (with weird and wacky names), salsas, chutneys, American cupboard staples like Marshmallow Fluff and really cheap (as in cheaper than Lidl) dried herbs and spices. They also make and freeze the most amazing burritos, so you can enjoy them at home whenever the fancy takes you.
4	This place is fantastic. Having just got back from living in South America for a year it's so nice to have found somewhere that stocks authentic ingredients that you just can't find in any supermarkets. The range of spices, as other reviewers have pointed out, is incredible and they're from all over the world.In fact, although from the name you would assume that this place is a stockist of all things latino, I'd say they're just more a stockist of all things spicy and exotic. If you're having a dinner party, or just get sick of cooking the same boring things over and over again, you shold pop in here and pick up a few bits and pieces.Unlike most upmarket delis that pretend to stock authentic things, like frittata and different types of chorizo, because they're trendy, this place stocks them because the owner clearly is passionate about good quality exotic food. And it's also nowhere near as expensive as usual delis either.Don't be put off by the grubby exterior or claustrophobic layout - this place is definitely worth a visit.
5	I have tried and rewritten a satisfactory introduction to this review, and Lupe Pintos, several times now but words just won't suffice. It's an absolute treasure trove of delights for all aspiring and established cooks, lovers of Mexican food, American ex-pats looking for their Skippy or Reeses, and with the friendliest, most genuine and down-to-earth staff you could want.It's a wee cave of a store, but crammed wall-to-wall and ceiling-to-floor with jars, tins, cans, bottles and packets of absolutely everything under the sun you could need for gen-yoo-an Mexican cooking (as well as Southern American, Creole and Spanish). You've got your chilles, your paprika, spices, pickles (amongst which I found an aubergine relish with coconut - YAS!), spices again, more spices, dried chilles from the mildest to the XXX hot. Then there's the tortilla chips, the corn-flour fajitas, the ready made seasongs, the cool counter with salsa and guacamole. Everything you'd need for a fun, impromptu Mexican evening in with friends. But if you wanted to try a proper Mexican dinner party feast, just pick a copy of the owners published cook book that he created whilst travelling Southern America and try Creole chicken or Cajun Meatballs. Mexican food isn't all wrapped in a tortilla with cheese and fried / baked y'know. (I didn't, until recently).Then there's the wine and tequila section. I will be back to examine this in much greater detail as margaritas are my absolute favourite cocktail and are proving to be an expensive dining-out habit. If I can learn to make a good 'un myself at home...well that could be a dangerous thing, but Lupe Pintos is definitely where I'll be starting this adventure.And then there's all the American imports like root beer, skippy, reese's, pie cases, pie fillings, some things I didn't even know existed (caramel in a jar), and a huge plethora of American candy. After Chris M and I were chatting recently about root beer and how it is one of THEE things he misses about being in North America, I casually mentioned Lupe Pintos. "What?!" was Chris' reaction. "I've never heard of it!" "WHAT?!" Was my reaction "how can you have NOT heard of it?!"And so, dear friends, I conclude my attempt to sumarise (very poorly) all that Lupe Pintos can offer. I wandered in here without any ingredients in mind, but looking for inspiration for a mexican themed dinner party I'd like to have soon. Mike behind the counter (who I just met) suggested I come back with recipes in mind and they'll help me pick out each individual spice, ingredient, chilli based on strength and drinks. Wow. I really can't wait, seriously. And they have cookery classes here too, it seems, which I can't wait to get involved in. I'm really glad this is in my neighbourhood. These guys definitely put the 'CAN' in Mexican. (Ok it's bad but work with me here!)
5	As the saying goes - "I agree with Jen..." Lupe Pintos is, and I wince when I say this, 'da bomb'. Sorry, that is all.UPDATE: Tollcross chili pies - ultimate lunch snack.
5	Lupe Pintos is the reason why I'm still in Edinburgh, five years later.  Ok that might be a bit of an exaggeration, but it carries all manner of wonderful and fantastic ethnic foods, including goodies from good 'ol America.  I keep well stocked in Hershey's syrup, refried beans, enchalada sauce, Bisquick, and tinned pumpkin puree thanks to this place, and let's not even go into my addiction to mint patties ... This place helped me through long hours of essay writing, and the transition into enjoying the culinary delights of the UK.  Every time I come in here I see the deli counter, the bowl of guac, and all of the other tasty bits they have and I know I'm missing out when I focus my attention to the wall of cans, jars and boxes.  I think I definitely need to spend some more time in here and sample the full spectrum of what is Lupe Pintos.
5	Tiny, tiny place but OH MY GOD this store is awesome. I live nearby and when I'm blue, I sometimes come to this store and just stand around. It smells so good! So many spices invading my brain. It makes me cheerful just to be in here.The guy behind the counter is a really good guy and I think he is starting to recognise me... I really want to be invited to one of his cooking classes..A few times when I've not been able to think of anything for dinner I'll come down here just to get inspiration. They don't only sell just Mexican foods but when they do, it's the best Mexican food you've eaten in Scotland.But also American sweets!And also Tequila!And also every spice you could ever want!And also cookbooks!And the best guacamole ever!And Indian/Thai/Jamaican/Indonesian/other bits!Even if I know I can get something cheaper at Scotmid across the road, I still go to Lupe Pintos.
5	I might have to agree with Emily's review that Lupe Pintos is the reason I am still in Edinburgh! I am originally from California (have lived in San Diego and San Francisco) so I know my Mexican food! We told our neighbours we would cook them a traditional Mexican meal and then I realised that I could barely even find black beans in a store, let alone enchilada sauce, salsa, guacamole, etc. Then I yelped. As I usually do. And Yelp provided. As it usually does. And so the hubs and I headed off to Lupe's this afternoon.Once we arrived in this little store the smiles on our face were so big you would've thought we were kids in a candy store! We bought all the necessary ingredients for a delicious Mexican meal! They have a ton of different spices, hot sauces, salsa and chips and tortillas and...I could go on forever. This place may be tiny in size but it is lined with stuff and deliciousness floor to ceiling!Great place for decent guacamole too. I tend to be a guacamole snob and it's kind of hard to find good guac here in Edinburgh so I was happy to taste Lupe Pintos and find out I liked it!They also have lots of other food - Asian, American, Italian. Overall, extremely awesome place where I will be sure to visit often!
5	I am writing this review from inside the floorboards of Lupe Pintos. After arriving here for a few cans of pureed pumpkin, some buffalo wing snyder's pretzels and some other fixin's... I NEVER WANTED TO LEAVE. ALL OF THE COMFORTS OF HOME ARE HERE! So I stayed and I am living here. It's actually pretty similar to what my life is like in the US. I sleep on a bag of Marshmallow Fluff and subsist mostly on authentic Mexican tortilla chips and Medium salsa. For breakfast I had a Goober Grape sandwich with root beer. Later on I dove into the Milk Duds as I watched episodes of 90210 and Gossip Girl with my pet bald eagle, Jack. For dinner tonight we're (me and Uncle Sam, Barack Obama, Britney Spears and the entire NFL) are having butterscotch pancakes we call that one - BREAKFAST FOR DINNER. Later (for a snack) I'll have a hamburger and fries with French's American mustard and Heinz American ketchup.Mostly what I do here is paint the good ole stars and bars on the walls of the basement while drinking spoonfuls of Ranch dressing and A1 sauce. After that I get in my cheerleading uniform and chew Bazooka Joe bubble gum and take body shots of BBQ sauce while sleeping with whichever foreign man that asks. And you guys think we're so stereotypical.
4	I'm giving this 4 stars not because it is the most beautiful place in the world, but it really is the only place of it's kind in Edinburgh (that i've found anyways)This place is great for Canadian and American's whom want a taste of home! I always come here for my Libby's Canned Pumpkin over Thanksgiving. I'm so happy it's here for that. Also I like to pick up a can of A&W Root Beer. Yum. Mostly Mexican food but lots of other American Imports, check it out!
4	I put off going in this shop for a long time due to the smell (sort of musky spice smell)... I think its just me because no one else seems to have a problem with it!! The owner is super friendly & really knows his stuff... he seems always willing to give advice. It is filled to the brim even though its a tiny little shop. Loads of spices (100's im guessing!) they also have a huge array of hard to find items, a small beer selection & sweet selection. Prices range from very cheap-moderately expensive (as can be expected from export items though) My only suggestion is more American imports as I love the small section you have already!! Its not a every day trip for me but I will always pop in if I am passing. Do not miss this if you love your tex-mex style foods...
4	I spent a summer while at university working in Toronto's best burrito take away. It was both one of the best and worst jobs I've ever had. Nonetheless, it made me love and appreciate burritos, quesadillas, and anything tex-mex/Mexican.  Not long after moving to Edinburgh I missed the sights and smells of basically everything associated with Lupe Pintos. A friend introduced me to this shop shortly after I arrived to Edinburgh and I was immediately impressed with the hot sauce collection. They have some of the hot sauce brands that I thought were only available in obscure parts of the world! Not only that they have a corner dedicated to North American eats, i.e. marshmallow fluff, peanut butter, Aunt Jemima's and Uncle Ben's syrup and pancake mix.  They also have an impressive beer, tequila, and wine selection which surprisingly includes Pabst Blue Ribbon (but seriously, don't buy that it's just hipster beverage and I'd make fun of you for drinking it). Further, the tortillas and nacho chips are ace. But the Holy Grail is the guacamole! That is the bee's knees. I could easily devour a large tub of it in one sitting. Note - one time I was given frozen guacamole so make sure to ask prior to purchasing it so you can plan your meal/snack accordingly. The frozen burritos are especially useful when you're hungover and don't feel like cooking. The two men that I have encountered who work there are very friendly and helpful. It's an intimate little shop that I love I just wish they were open longer!
4	One of a kind in Edinburgh for all you chilli needs.
5	I love Lupe's. I was a regular visitor to the one in Glasgow's West End so when I discovered there was one in Edinburgh, I was overjoyed!This is the place to come for tequila but it is also brilliant for Gluten Free. Want to eat proper tortilla chips and know there is no gluten - come here. Want fajitas like everyone else but miss the tortilla - come here. The tortilla's for fajitas are frozen, not fresh but I've bought them for ages and they are pretty ok in comparison to ones I tried in Asda (cardboard). The staff are great and will also advise (and provide recipe's) on what is suitable. There are also some deli type items (cheese, meats, salsa's, etc) available.If you are expat American and Canadian, then this is the place to come for your treats. Lots of cereals, jars, juices and general branded products, etc but it is great for sweets and it is cheaper than places like Americandy. So if like me, you returned from the US with a peanut butter M&M addiction then this is the place to visit!Well worth a visit, wall to wall food and drinks and its small so watch out and don't be swinging those shopping bags about, but a wee gem.
4	It's been around for years but I only ventured to it this year!  Why did I leave it for so long? I don't know why, seriously I don't.  I love the selves which are rammed full of mexican spices and various other magical ingredients!  I will be coming back to this store for certain ingredients that go in some of the mexican recipes I'm going to try!  It has an atmoshere of these old delis with high selves and an aromatic smell - ohhhhh love it!
5	Being a Mexican- American mutt and missing all my American goodies I can't get here and Mexican food/groceries this place is the best in the city. I can get a variety of Tequila that I can't find anywhere else and that isn't that Tesco garbage or Jose Cuervo ugh . They also have real hot sauce and a ton of variety  so I can smother everything in it even birthday cake if I wanted. I can get all the American goodies like Root beer and make a Root beer float, or Skippys peanut butter and everything else! They even have the Mexican cheese that's hard enough to find in parts of America! I'm drooling just thinking about it! Also have chorizo and other types of salami and meats. If you want to have a Mexican dinner party or something go here, spend the money and you won't be disappointed!
5	My first ever quick review, written via mobile while waiting on a drink, hence less words. Hot... Sauce... Yes!They do more, and I even scored some cheeky American Onion Dip Mix, but for sauces this place was a must. Despite the great reviews I was a bit skeptical, it wouldn't have been the first time a promise land of glorious things spicy fell a bit short for me in the UK, but they really did have some treasures. Essentially if you're an American (or anyone for that matter!) in Edinburgh needing a hot sauce fix get yourself here ASAP, you're sure to find something you like.
4	I go to Lupe Pintos occasionally to stock up on specific ingredients such as chipotle chilis and hot sauce. They have an extensive selection of products and spices from all over the world. Anything from nasi goreng spice mixes to marshmallow fluff and tequila!They sell the best cooking chorizo as well, both mild and spicy variety. I once made a chili con carne using their recipe and it was the best recipe I've ever had. The spice mix does not disappoint. I bought a packet of whole nutmeg and it was only 80p - cheaper than in supermarkets.I'm so happy this shop exists because it's like an Aladdin's cave filled with treasures - you will find something interesting every time!
4	I've been visiting Lupe Pintos for more than a decade and am really pleased that the place is there for me to get some of my lovely American goodies - and spices/seasoning for my Mexican, Cajun, or Asian dishes, too. I've learned how to "make do" with UK substitutes over the years, but come Thanksgiving there's only one place to get tinned pumpkin! And hominy for my pozole , too!The GOOD: They stock a nice selection of foods from peanut butter and Hidden Valley Ranch to cake mixes and (proper!) pickles. They also have a nice selection of American candy bars.The BAD: They don't carry Saltines or graham crackers because the cost of importing them is just too high.PRICES: OK, you're going to pay more for a jar of pickles than you'd pay in the States - and even more than you'd pay at Tesco for ones that don't taste right - but it's a fair mark-up. I am happy to pay the prices they charge, which I feel are reasonable for their efforts of importing stuff and dealing with customs.The key thing to remember is this: The more you support them, the better the turnover. And better turnover means a couple of things: 1) a wider selection and 2) potentially lower costs.BONUS: Fantastically kind and helpful staff!!
5	Lupe Pintos is a great wee specialty shop. I come here for all my pickle, BBQ, and Mexican food needs (refried/black beans, hot sauces, handmade fresh tortillas, tortilla chips, sauces and did I mention hot sauces!?). Their guacamole and salsa are killer. Their sour cream is authentic style sour cream which you can buy in wee plastc cups. Also their cooking chorizos are amazing!!!Now they are offering fresh made cotija cheese, which is unheard of!  Really exciting how they constantly try to offer new quality foods to customers. They also offer cooking classes and tasting sessions. Lupe Pintos also organises a chilli cook-off once a year which is also worth a visit.
4	Wow!!! After seeing the great reviews for how well-stocked this place is I walked in and was surprised at how small it was since I was under the impression it would be bigger. But it didn't matter, the stock was just as excellent as I'd been led to believe.Immediately to the right of the entrance there are Asian specialty foods. Good basics such as soy sauces, sambal oelek, chutneys and many varieties of pastes for all kinds of sauces from Thai to Chinese to Malaysian. A bit further on you'll see mostly Spanish (as in Spain) foods. Dozens of hot sauces, many varieties of dried chillies, salsas, and several Mexican ingredients I've had a hard time finding elsewhere such as huitlacoche (corn smut/fungus, but it's absolutely delicious, especially in a quesadilla!) and large cans of posole/hominy. There is a decent selection of some American foods such as pancake mix, canned pumpkin, cake mix and peanut butters. Canadian maple syrup too. I was hoping they would stock iced tea for drinks but didn't see any on my visit. There's also a small section of Jamaican and other Caribbean foods, not just hot sauces. The refrigerated case by the till offers chorizo, various Mexican cheeses (I didn't see any cotija on this visit but I'll be on the lookout), some really delicious looking fresh salsa and guacamole (a mum and daughter got some along with a bag of the excellent tortilla chips to share).The freezer by the entrance offers pre-made burritos, ribs, frozen tortillas.Yes, prices are a bit high generally since nearly everything is imported but for the most part they're fair especially considering the quality and selection. Service was super-helpful in recommending hot sauces and the right type of chilli powder for what we were looking to use it.We didn't get as much as we would've liked because we had to carry it back a bit of a ways and the visit was sort of spontaneous, but it's a place I'll definitely return to.
5	Love, love Lupe Pintos.  Not only they cater for all your your chili needs but you can also find stuff form America or Asia.  they also some tasty drinks in the fridge such as Jarritos, which I'm pretty you can't find anywhere else in Edinburgh.  The deli counter has a few treasures such as super tasty chorizo, home-made salsa and guacamole, tasty manchego...  Their dorritos and tortillas are excellent, I cannot go back to supermarket stuff! Knowledgeable and super friendly owners and staff.  They also do the occasional masterclass  (took their paella class, was great and good fun!), wine and tequila tastings.  And let's not forget, the annual Chili Cook Off around Tollcross in September.  Great, great fun.Keep an eye on their Facebook page for event and news, as you don't want to miss out!
