4	With great relocations come even greater food. Only had the opportunity to get over to their old location near the Flying Saucer once and for some reason it wasn't all that memorable. When a co-worker mentioned going over to their newly opened establishment, I figured, ok, why not. Give em another go. Well, I was pretty impressed. I don't remeber them ever having a lunch buffet before, maybe they did, just not sure. But in any case, it was pretty awesome if I must say so myself. More than just not bad for $7.50. Although I didn't take notice, I'm sure they have the same menu items as before.The new layout is definitely worth noting. Great atmosphere, and a nice bar set-up which I think I'll be back to hang out around. Gotta figure out the drink specials next.Great staff also!
4	Two words:  Lunch Buffet!!!  I usually associate buffets with chinese/asian cuisine, but Los Arcos does it up big with their own lunch buffet.  Sadly, I did not partake in the buffet... I ordered off the regular menu which didn't seem overly priced or too big.  Had a Chicken Taco Salad and it was just the right size for my lunch that day.  Have to say, I was a little jealous of the buffet eaters since they seemed to be enjoying each and ever trip back to the buffet.I believe this site used to be where Max & Erma's was... but they did a complete gut job.  The space is divided with lots of turns and individual booths so no really big open spaces (unless you count the outdoor patio).   The inside still has the "new paint/construction" smell and everything has been kept clean and tidy despite the number of people that come in and out on a daily basis.I'm assuming the buffet is only offered for lunch, but it seems to be quite the popular spot.  One of these days, when I stop running and training for races, I will be a frequent buffet guest here.
2	I went here on a weekday night. The food was ok, but I felt that the service could have been better. I really don't like it when I go in a place and feel like I'm an inconvenience.
4	A Mexican buffet place. Genius. Great place for lunch. You can get in and out very quickly and the food is fresh and you can control the portion.   I am always hesitant to go to a Mexican place because the portion is always too much. And who needs lunch coma?If you are in the area and want some mexican food, you should come here. Plenty to choose from the buffet line and it does not dissapoint.
3	We walked in and it's a very nice place, we get seated right away on a Sunday afternoon even better. When we sit down we weren't given any menus the waitress takes our drinks comes back and then ask if we wanted menus (which no I just planned on ordering random items I could think of) We got the food which it wasn't too bad but they do need to start using salt so that the food isn't too bland. All together it's an ok place I will come back and try it again since it's a new place and maybe they will get things fixed. The only thing that throws me off is the sign and posting in the menu that states in big bold letters that "they can refuse service to anyone they want" I mean c'mon now that's just a shame.
2	Well, finally tried this new location. Won't have to go there again! The food is mediocre at best. Small bowl of chips, with an even smaller bowl of salsa. I ordered the mixed fajitas and it was just okay. Not enough meat for me and enough green peppers to choke a horse. No sour cream or guacamole which is essential to good fajitas. Over cooked. But worse than the food was the poor lighting in this new place. Horrible florescent bulbs give the place the look of a morgue. The one great thing about this visit, was the live music (Fridays 6-8). So many places like this just expect you to be ok with sub-par and just take it.
2	Remembered it being better at their old location, to be honest I was quite disappointed this last time. Probably won't be back.
5	Best Mexican restaurant in Charlotte so far. The waitresses are super nice and friendly. I'm Mexican and eat Mexican food all the time so I'm pretty picky but this place hit the spot. I eat here once or twice a week and it's always good.
5	Staff is really friendly and the food is good, but standard, Mexican food. The drink specials are probably the best in Charlotte.  A 14oz frozen Margarita for $3 and a 22oz Dos Equis draft for $2.75 is pretty unbeatable.
4	I came across this place the other day while shopping in the plaza nearby and we decided to head here for dinner. I was surprised by the fact that it wasn't that busy inside given that it was a Saturday night but I actually enjoyed it that way. The restaurant was very clean which was also nice. This was just the kind of mexican food we were looking for, nothing fancy about it just your basic kind that you would expect to find at a place like this. Their salsa was good, not too chunky and their cheese sauce was also delicious. My husband and I both ordered two bean burritos with cheese sauce and a side of rice and we were both pleased. The bean burritos are a good size too so one might be enough for most people, we were really hungry! We will def. be going back here when we get cravings!
3	If you like cheap, Americanized Mexican food, look no further.  The food is good and the staff is polite and welcoming.  The beer menu suffers quite a bit (the typical Mexican and American macros) especially to be in a city with some really good brews at your fingertips.  The chips and salsa are tasty.Next time we go, we will have to check out the buffet.  Sounds interesting.
5	I was staying at a local hotel, craving Mexican, not the frozen kind, but the real deal.  As my luck would have it, I found it here at Los Arcos.  A great surprise on my first bite (and last one too)!  REALLY GOOD!!  It was hot, it was fresh, and it was tasty!!  They had a special drink too that I tried, also refreshingly good!  Graciela was our waitress and she had a very witty personality.  Totally enjoyed the evening and will even go out of my way to come back here!   (If I had to say one thing they could improve upon, it would be the salsa needs some work).  Still 5 stars.
1	Absolutely horrible management, added fees to my bill when I gave my mom my left over guacamole, rather then throwing it away with out telling us.  Food is mediocre to begin with and bad management makes this a place to never visit.
2	Cheap looking food it was very greasy and I'm sure everything was heated in a microwave and tossed in the buffet line. The decor was nice but the music that was playing was only audible on certain areas of the restaurant so that brought the atmosphere down a lot. My recommendation to the owners is to get rid of the buffet and replace it with more seating, make everything fresh and have great drink specials. Liven up the different dining rooms or give them an elegance that allows for the secluded feeling. By elegance I mean customers shouldn't hear ice being dumped in the kitchen. That only subtracts from the atmosphere.
3	This place used to be located on N Tryon Street way back in the day (2009-2010) and it was pretty much the go-to Mexican place for UNCC students. Then it mysteriously and suddenly closed. Everyone was bummed.Magically during my last year of undergrad, a new restaurant was being built near the boardwalk...and guess what it was? LOS ARCOS.The anticipation was real. I drove by about once a month to see when the heck they were going to open!Finally, I came in for my first meal. The chips and salsa were on par and the drink specials weren't bad either....it didn't feel like the old Los Arcos though.If fact, in the years Los Arcos vanished from the scene, the other places triumphed over their absence. No longer were they the go-to Mexican place for UNCC students.I then developed a love-hate relationship with the restaurant. Sometimes it would be good, but many times, I would feel like eating at another place instead.I don't avoid Los Arcos, but it is definitely not my first choice for Mexican food in the area either.Tori and I did get sick from eating here last year. It seemed to be mild, nothing that kept us home from work or school, but it wasn't pleasant! It was probably an isolated experience though.
5	The lunch buffet is excellent and affordable. There is a nice variety of foods.   Everything is fresh and plentiful.  And never did I have to wait for a refill of tea.  The staff is friendly.  The restaurant is clean.  This was my first visit and I will definitely be back!
