5	Rachel is amazing! This was seriously one of the most pain free Brazilians I've ever experienced. Her wax was the perfect temperature and never felt too hot. Everything was very sanitary. Her room is decorated so adorably! I would highly recommend going to see Rachel. She is much more personal and attentive than one of those quick wax chain places.  Great experience! Will be back!
5	So in love with this place! Rachel was so attentive to the way I wanted my brows and made sure they were perfect before I left! Her skills with lash extensions are unmatched as she was very efficient and knowledgeable about the entire process including aftercare. Her adorable studio made me feel right at home and her wax was the perfect temperature. If you're looking for someone to take care of your waxing/extension needs I definitely recommend Rachel!
5	I'm from out of town and was looking for a place that was clean, professional and comfortable to get my Brazilian. Waxetera is the place to go! Not only is it affordable, but she offers a wide range of waxing services and products. Rachel is very professional and makes you feel totally comfortable. She did a fantastic job. Too bad she doesn't work in California! Whenever I visit I will definitely be calling Waxetera!
5	She did a great job! Very friendly and cute space. I highly recommend her and will be back again.
5	So I'm about 3 weeks from my due date (yes... I'm preggo) and dreading the afeared date of what people have described as pushing a watermelon through an opening the size of a ping pong ball... I had some misgivings.  One of them being... gosh, I know I'm intimate with my fiancee and he's seen all of me, but I haven't been able to do any self-grooming for a month and a half since my belly has swollen up to the size of monstrous proportions.  It must be a mess down there was definitely an understatement of the month.So off to groupon and yelp hybrid researching, which led me to this adorably cozy establishment.  Booking my deal on groupon was easy enough and a steal: $22 for 1 Brazilian Wax, and reaching Rachel via the number provided was easy as well.  I had bought my groupon and booked my appointment in under 20 minutes.  She even provides text reminders the day before your appointment!! Nice!!!On the day of my appointment, I headed out and upon arrival, I must admit, the location is as other yelpers have said... a little difficult to find.  The plaza is a bit non descript with a bunch of different type of numbers: building numbers, door numbers , etc. You want to find the door labeled 104, and once you walked in, you'll go further in a bit to find the room labeled 4 and that will be the place.Rachel was a sweetheart, and had me fill out a sheet filled with questions designed to assess and inform about the waxing.  After that was done, I hopped (finagled my awkward body) on and she got right to work.  The whole thing was done in 30 minutes, and it was extremely pleasant.  Not only was she a great conversationalist, I did not feel the least bit awkward that yet another person was privy to my privates.  She eliminated the hair with extreme precision and the wax she used was very gentle with minimum discomfort.  She also considered the fact that I could not lay on my stomach to get at the hairs in my tush *ahem* region.The whole thing took maybe 30 minutes, including checkout.  She even gave me a coupon to use for my next appointment (which I will definitely make with her once this bun is out of the oven)!!Though I could not see anything, I felt amazingly refreshed; and my fiancee assured me what I already knew: Rachel did a damned good job.  Her establishment is extremely dedicated and personal so if you like that type of experience, she is definitely your gal.  I know I will be back for sure.
