4	This Theater was HUGE. At least compared to the one I used to work at (it was double in size). My mom and I took my nieces and nephew(3, 5, 8 years old) out to see Surf's Up on the day after it opened, not a good idea, but we only had to wait in line to get into the movie for about a minute and we got good seats. The kids where "starving" and movie theatre food isn't exactly meal worthy, but here they have Hamburgers, Hot Dogs, Chicken Fingers, Fried Mozzarella Sticks, French Fries, Pizza, Warm Brownie Bites, and all the normal theater food. I was impressed. I went out to buy food twice and I still made it back before the movie started. We bought food and tickets for five people and it was only about 12 dollars a person. It was really crowded but the staff was great and attentive. Overall it was a good experience. I also thought it was pretty cool that they had a really nice day care area where you can take your child for 6 dollars while you go watch a movie.Minus one star because even though the nachos where huge and came with two cheeses they weren't as good as the ones at my home theatre.
3	Hahahahaha....that's funny, watch a movie in silence?  What a wierd idea...Since I live in Surprise, the only theaters that are close by are in Arrowhead, or Tolleson.  Apparently, old retired people and young people that decided to live out here don't like theaters in a 10 mile vicinity.  And definitely no easy access to indies without a long drive.So I've been to this Harkins quite a bit, and this visit was just the same as other experiences I've had here....actually probably worse.First off, what happened to those ads before the movie that told people to shut the hell up, turn off cell phones, and take you and your crying baby away?I guess I'm just bad at picking seats.  Through the ENTIRE movie, a family of six asked each other what the character just said, talked to the movie, read any writing on paper out loud, and screamed when anything happened.  Not to mention their 6 year old kid running up and down the steps at whim.In front of me people flipped cell phones open and closed so that at intermittent periods of the movie a bright light shined into my eyes.  Did the staff do anything?  Of course not.  They just shrug their shoulders.  They're definitely not going on my special list.I never had an experience like that at the Cine Capri or Camelview 5.  The Harkins in Arrowhead is better, too.  The managers and staff are more willing to confront irritating movie goers.Maybe they're like parrots, if you put a sheet over their heads they think it's time to go to sleep.On the upside, the theater is clean and roomy.I guess that's two positives and earns them a three as opposed to a two since some of the problem is due to others.
4	I thankfully have never had any experiences like Margaret L had there, but i also avoid this place like the plague on the weekend. It essentially becomes teenage hell. Nothing better than going to a movie with your girlfriend and listening to some teenage thugs yell about certain parts of her body.. very classy. I primarily go to this theater during the week, and the staff is friendly and helpful. The place is usually clean, although my feet have gotten stuck to the bathroom floor on more than one occassion. Also one more thing, be prepared to smell raw sewage before you enter the theater... gross
2	Harkins Theatres is proud to present its feature presentation of YOUR LAME ASS MOVIE EXPERIENCE, an action-packed romantic comedy about the dumb shit customer (i.e. you, n00b) who tries to get through another movie without losing his money, his sanity, and his dignity. A joyous romp of soul-sucking proportions that will be enjoyed by the whole family.Starring...Bowtie'd asshat who charges you 10 dollars for watered-down Dr. Pepper and a hot dog/pretzel/cookie that was leftover from last night but still needs to be sold...or else...Morbidly obese woman who sits in the row in front of  you and interrupts the previews/movie by sending her starved-looking children back to the concession stand to get her more popcorn and junior mints."Shitbag who yells stuff out during the movie" and his nemesis "Massive assclown who yells back at him".Crying baby, the star of "Your Lame Ass Flight". Award-nominee "puddle of red shit that sticks to your shoe the rest of the day".Apathetic manager who only took this job to pay for community college and has no interest whether or not the aforementioned nuisances are bothering you.And introducing "annoyingly repetitive and asinine 'cinema trivia' that has not been changed or updated since Will Ferrel's last abomination of a comedy".You won't want to miss it when it comes to a theater near you.And even if you do, it won't matter. We already expect such box office sales that we're planning the sequel. Eventually you'll have to give in.Welcome to lose. Population you.
4	Great Harkins. They keep it clean and they always have plenty of theaters for the more popular shows to avoid crowding.The draw-back, if you order any hot food (like the mini burgers or fries) it takes a while ... it's a shame, I like me some chicken fingers.
5	Five stars because: 1. Way cheaper than AMC, especially Westgate. 2. Seats are more comfortable, you're able to lean back much more comfortably3. Souvenir cups and t-shirts make frequent movie going much more affordable! 4. Harkins is a family owned Arizona business. Let's keep it local!5. Staff is great; always smiling. 6. Student price is still $5.50.
2	This is probably my least favorite Harkins to go catch a movie - aside from the one at Metro! Every weekend this place is crowded with jr high kids just hanging out near the entrance. Seriously? You get dropped off by mom to sit in front of a movie theatre and do what, check out other 14 year olds walk by? Having a full jr high school inside the theatre makes for a very unpleasant movie experience. I can't tell you how many times I've had to "shh" a kid next to me or asked them take their phone/text conversations outside. 1/5 times the kids in there are just texting back and forth or making out in the theatre the whole time while their other friends are giggling and throwing popcorn at the lovebirds. Seriously, don't waste your mommy's $ if you're not going to actually watch the movie. Anything you do there you could do at the park for free, so please stay away from my theatre!! Only reason I come back is because it's the closest theatre from my house. Otherwise I take my souvenir cup to Harkins Park West.
3	This is the closest Harkins to me, so we come here quite a bit. I try to come here on a weekday night. Less people (actually less teenagers)! Like Nayeli's review, it is gets annoying. The theater is normally kept pretty clean, service from the staff is good, and Harkins is local so we try to support.
1	The only reason it even gets one star is because the employees were pleasant.  Other than that I will never go back to this theater.  The amount of trash outside was appalling.  Probably due to all the kids hanging outside.  The movie experience was so bad that we will never come back here, or maybe any other theater.  The barrage of cell phone texting and people talking to each other loudly like they're in their own living room was unacceptable.  The stress and annoyance of this outweighed any pleasure of trying to watch the film.   From now on I'll just wait the few months until the movie comes on out DVD.
3	Need to get red off those sticky carpets...
4	I moved here from Chicago in July of 2011. and  i have to say this was one the best movie theaters i have been to  in a very long time,  love the decor there, price are no higher than any other theater. i would recommend this place to anyone.
4	Good sized Movie Theater and was very clean.  I cannot complain.  It is hard to give a bad review about a theater unless it is dirty and this one was not.  The staff was also great the Theaters inside were roomy.  No complaints over here.  Definitely worth my Yelp.
2	The service and cleanliness of this theater has been on a downward projectory for sometime and tonight it may have hit rock bottom.  Surly, rude ticket sellers combined with a theater kept too warm, and more popcorn on the floor than in the snack bar, all in all, not pleasant.  Someone needs to hose that place down!
3	Staff is very helpful and kind. Just wish there were not so many kids. They like to talk during the whole movie, kick your chair, texting. When I pay for a movie i dont want to see the light of your phone the whole time. we let the main people know and they did nothing. We got up and left, and asked for our money back because i was so irritated with the kinds in the whole row behind us. Several people complained and they did nothing. But you cant control customers so i dont blame Harkins for the annoying kids.  All in all this theater is ok, but way better on dead day when no one is really there
3	I always go to Harkins to watch movies. This theater is the closest to where I live. The theater is good and I watch movies here if it's during the day. I do not go here at night, because it becomes a teenager hangout and teens are loud, have no manners, and text all through the movie.I wrote about this to Harkins customer service. I told them about a theater I use to go to called the Alamo draft house in Austin, TX. Where if you were loud or texting during the movie they would throw you out. I never got a reply, so I assume there is no policy against it.Overall it's a good place for a movie, good service, nice seats, nice screen, just don't go at night.
4	Friendly staff.  Great place for family and friends.  Sometimes a bit crowded, but the management staff does a good job to meet the needs of its clients.  Movie are run in a high quality system.  Everything you should expect a theater to have.
4	Nice theatre with a large snack bar as you walk in. There are a lot of theater rooms so it isn't too crowded. There is not a lot of seating so you're closer to the screen than at another theater. My one complaint is that the volume was little too loud. We watched Zero Dark Thirty and I had to plug my ears for the explosions. The surround sound was nice but the volume needed to be turned down. Altogether a pretty nice theater though.
3	Standard theaterPros: Modern technology; large; pretty clean; IMAX and HFR moviesCons: Sometimes iffy crowd with rude theater habits (not theater's fault, but they also don't try to stop bad behavior)Overall, it's par for the course for a big-house movie theater
4	One thing that I love about this theatre is the child care facility that allows me and the wife to catch a movie without having to book a baby sitter. I am not sure how much they charge, but the price is worth it, whatever it is. I have never gotten a bad report once from my 5 and 7 year old boys. Sometimes they would prefer to go to the "play area" instead of watching whatever cartoon is playing. I didn't rate this place a 5 because the popcorn is often stale, and the teenagers that hang out on the weekend. I can't blame them though. There are not many options for them on the weekend, but they're still a pain in the you know what.
3	I've been there a number of times, and it's fairly clean, with pretty good service, which is why I keep going back. The on-site child care even seems to keep the noisy kid level to a real low. The factor that keeps me from going more often is that they're cheap in the climate control department.There can be five people in a ten PM screening, but still hot, so you know it's not because their A/C unit is working hard.Star Trek was a great movie, but I'd have enjoyed it more without two hours of sweating and thinking about how much sweat other people have been depositing into that seat before me.
5	Always a good theater, and plenty of shopping or eating nearby.
4	This was our first time visiting this theater and it was packed on Saturday night. The concession lines didn't seem that long but they moved pretty slow so I am glad we were early. Once we got into the theater itself we found roomy comfortable seats with plenty of leg room. It did get super warm during the movie but I think it had something to so with the 119 degree day outside. Overall I thought it was a nice place and we will definitely come back.
5	Been coming to this theater for over six years. Never had any problems with it. Great audio system and screens. Have always had good customer service. And although it does get packed on weekends(how do you expect not to) the lines usually go by pretty fast. Great theater!
5	every one likes the movies especially when it is 115 in the shade
3	Not the cleanest but it plays all the new movies.Nice to have a Yogurtland just a few feet away.
5	This is one of the BEST Harkins. They are the only ones that are close that has a little play center for kids. My girlfriend and I always take my daughter to be watched at the playcenter while we enjoy a lil date
3	Harkins Gateway Pavillions 18 is our default because it's locally-owned, close to home, and has enough screens that whatever we want to see is usually playing at a convenient time. It's clean, the employees are pleasant, we've been in theaters several times that have had technical or environmental issues and those have been fixed pretty quickly. The lines are rarely long. I guess it's not the theater's fault that people bring noisy kids or are noisy themselves but it is their fault when they don't enforce rules about noise and cell phones. In all, an average movie-going experience.
3	This theater is ALWAYS busy - great for them, bad for guests. The parking is abysmal, the box office runs slow, and the digital kiosks are typically out of receipt paper so you can't use them to buy tickets. Nothing fancy in the auditoriums, either. I only go to this theater if I absolutely can't find the movie time that I need at another location.
5	We like this movie theater.  It's always clean and never crowded.  Movie prices suck of courseBut if you go before noon is not to bad.  Get the cup I'd you come more than twice.  It's worth it.
5	This is one of the nicer theaters that my husband and I like to go to.  We don't mind the trek to Avondale from Laveen.  This one doesn't seem to get as busy as other theaters we've gone to - especially theaters attached to malls.  Then again, we usually go see popular movies on Sunday mornings to avoid the large crowds.  Clean theaters, bathrooms, nice staff at the ticket counter and concession stands.
4	The parking lot outside of the theater is actually pretty dirty and sometimes just nasty.  That is not the theaters fault.  There are several food businesses in surrounding the theater and it does get busy, and people have no common sense or manners.  Once you are past that fact the theater itself is quite nice.  Movie prices are terrible everywhere and concessions are even worse.  The theater itself is clean and the staff is courteous.  The seats are comfy, the screen looks good, and the sound is all around you.  If you get the souvenir cup you can refill it for $1.50 anytime you want.  When we go to the theater this is the one that we prefer to go to.
4	There are delicious eateries around this theatre.  Most times my husband and I prefer Harkins Parkwest on 99 th ave/ Northern, it's quieter , the area is geared for mature adults and when you want to not sit in a theater w / teens . Gateway offers a lot of movie times and shows; however expect the noisy teens.
3	Nice theater. Parking is kinda difficult on weekends. No big complaints. Bathrooms are kept clean. I come here 2 Sundays a month.
2	They are really packed on weekends. I would recommend going early to find parking. The lines can be long  and  could take a while to get through. The seating is packed inside and pretty warm . I don't like being seated next to strangers, but when the theatre is so packed it's impossible to get a good seat alone . I would rather pay a bit more and go to amc.
4	Overall we find these theaters and their staff nice. We are retired and often decide 15 minutes before Showtime to go mid week. No problem.  Bathrooms and theaters clean. Popcorn is so much better than AMC's.  Annual cup and Tshirt deal is a plus. My only gripe with Harkins is about their lack of recycling. Cardboard trays are dolled out to so many people with no way to recycle them after the movie.  I take mine home and bring it back every time.  Dan Harkins ought to be on board with recycling!  Maybe they should sell plastic reusable holders to cut down on the waste.
4	What I love most about movies is getting to eat those yummy popcorns!!!! Staff here are all very friendly!!! And best part is they offer free popcorns seasonings!!! Everytime I go I always have to buy one cuZ I keep forgetting the one that I bought the last time!!! So this is awesome!!!!! (: thank you!!!!! Theatre is big and clean as well!!! Good place to go!!! And when u arrive before 6, U get the matinee special for $7!!!!!
4	The theatres are good quality and clean despite the crap ton of kids that get deposited here Friday night by less than steller parents, some dressed like night walkers. Despite that I love this place.
3	It not to crowded which is great though it is a little dirty & the parking lot sucks! For a Harkins I did expect more out of the theater than what they provided.  In the end it does the job & I can still watch movies in somewhat of a comfort.
