4	Mandarin Oriental hotels are known to have great spas (in fact their hotel-spa in NYC is ranked as one of the best in the world) and this one lives up to that reputation. However, my experience with this spa is limited as the exorbitant prices kept me away from trying too many of their services/facilities. The concierge desk service was very helpful and polite - and accommodating. I had a $100 spa credit and was flying back that afternoon (on a Saturday). They did their best to fit me in somewhere and give me a taste of their spa treatments. The one I did was the 25mnt foot treatment. The room overlooked the strip (from the 7th floor) and it was a beautiful view. The massage therapist was very sweet and knew when I wanted to chat and when I just wanted to close my eyes and relax. Their products were great (smell and feel). The foot treatment itself didn't seem as great to me because it wasn't really a massage (more a cleansing/lotioning treatment). And it cost $90! Which I totally didn't think was worth it (even at a Mandarin Oriental Spa). Finally, there was some lady at a not-so-nearby room talking way too loudly to be ignored, which broke my sense of serenity. I do hear great things about their showers and water treatments and wish I had tried those instead! Just a fair warning on prices though - their couples massage costs anywhere from $450 to $800 and most other massage treatments start at the $250 price label.P.S. Highly recommend booking a treatment days in advance as they do seem to be very busy!
5	What a treat the Spa at Mandarin Oriental is.  In a city filled with incredible luxuries and what are arguably the best spas in the world, the Mandarin spa stands out like a glowing star.  The amenities the spa boasts are vast and the spa is well appointed.  From heated rock chairs to a giant hot tub (which is really more like a hot pool with excellent views of the Strip - particularly nice at night) to bed-like chaise lounges to crazy experience showers to a gorgeous steam room, (and believe me, I'm forgetting things here) the Spa is filled with things made to delight and relax you.  One can (and will) spend hours floating around the pool, soaking up steam, and napping in the lounge.  Everything is done in elegant greys, dark woods and whites, with fresh water, flowers and snacks dispersed throughout the relaxation rooms.  However, the key experience with Mandarin is the service, and it is nothing short of impeccable.  I think the attendants are ninjas - finish sipping your tea or water, and within seconds they are there with a refill - and I have never made it obvious I was finishing up with anything or asked for a refill.  They are always there with fresh linens, helpful if you are in need of anything, and are truly there to make your experience one that is unforgettable.The spa services themselves stand out so far above everything else I have ever experienced that it is almost laughable.  I have been there twice, and thought perhaps the first time was a fluke, but that is most certainly not the case.  I have had the Hammam treatment, which, for those unfamiliar, is somewhat similar to a Turkish bath (though much more pleasant), two hot stone massages, and a lovely facial.  Each experience has been unbelievably stellar, and the not-inconsequential price tag that comes attached is worth every single penny and then some.  (I don't think I've ever tipped higher anywhere... and I tip pretty well as it is.)  The massages I have had were basically transcendent, and I'm hard to please - it was as though the therapist read my mind, or perhaps he was simply supremely talented at reading body language!  I have zero desire to go anywhere else, possibly ever again, for a massage - it was THAT good.  I'm a serious spa buff and have been most places on the Strip, as well as an amalgam of spas in other cities, and in no way, shape, or form have I ever had a massage that even approaches this level of amazing.  I know it sounds sort of silly to moon on and on about a massage, but words are inadequate when it comes to describing how truly incredible BOTH massage experiences were.My facial and Hammam treatment were both out of this world as well, and I would repeat either of them in a heartbeat.  The friends I visited with our first time there gave similar reviews - all 3 THRILLED with the Hammam treatment and all in love with their massages.  Not bad... not bad at all!  Mandarin has definitely attracted the top talent as far as their spa staff and therapists go.I also visited the Salon as well for a cut and color and could not be more pleased.  Once again, being indecisive about what I wanted and difficult to please (which I realize is my own fault most of the time!), I was thrilled that my stylist REALLY listened to what I wanted and then basically finished the job by reading my mind and giving me exactly what I wanted but didn't even know I wanted.  Pretty sure I'll be flying back and forth to Vegas to get my hair done from now on. ;-)  My stylist was Zhane and I can't recommend her enough.All in all, I think I may have found the consummate spa in Vegas.  Prior to now it was always a vacillation between the Encore for the amenities (and not shabby services) and the Four Seasons for their excellent services.  Mandarin has it all - a great relaxation area and easily the best services in the area, along with an attentive, personable staff.  What's not to love?
5	When I checked in to the Mandarin Oriental in Las Vegas, I  received a $100 spa credit and the receptionist at the desk suggested the time ritual treatment which allowed me to pick any combination of massage, facial, body scrub, wrap, etc. My experience was absolutely fabulous and was really happy with my choice of treatment! The service was outstanding and everyone who worked there was extremely attentive and pilot. The decor was elegant  and simple.It was a huge plus for me since I was there on a Thursday afternoon and it was super quiet and relaxing. All the amenities were incredible such as this big jacuzzi which had a row of metal lawn chairs and jets would come out from the bottom. That was my favorite! It had a great view of the strip as I was laying there.Overall, I highly recommend the spa at the Mandarin Oriental. You will truly enjoy the experience.
4	OMG!!!!  Pricey yes...but SOOOOOOOOOO worth saving your pennies for.  This place delivered on the hype....the facilities and the staff are all top notch...even the robes are heavenly.  I stopped at 4 stars because my body wrap was a little rushed at the end.  I wanted to luxuriate in the shower as i rinsed off the mud and she seemed to be in a little bit of a hurry but then again she was from Russia so it may have been a cultural thing.  But even with that...i soooo loved her accent and she was definitely well skilled.
5	The Spa at the Mandarin Oriental is simply wonderful.  The staff is beyond attentive, and the locker rooms are beyond amazing.  We had a couples hammam treatment and I had a facial and a blowout.  I left the spa feeling energized and rested at the same time...definitely plan on going back next time we are in Vegas.
5	This place raises the bar.Here's the story - my girl friend's wedding's coming up and she wants to have a spa day with a small group of friends. I'd tried some other Spas on the Strip, but it really wasn't anything special - typically noisy and crowded. Regardless, I gave these places a call. I found that most Strip spas either charged you more because you're coming in as a group or wouldn't offer any sort of discount unless you had a group of 8 or greater or would only offer extra spa credit to buy some product you don't really need. Lame!So I decided to call up the Mandarin Oriental. Anthony, the manager of the spa, answered the phone right away and discussed what he could offer us with regards to special discounts. I was impressed by his professionalism and the promptness with emailed replies. Shout out to you, Anthony! You rock 'cause you made my friend's special day!The majority of us were booked for a luminescence massage therapy.All the ladies were impressed by the amenities at the spa. If I were to do it again, I would definitely come a couple hours early instead of the recommended 45 minutes. From the electronic lounging beds and the warmed ceramic benches, you can enjoy your little private oasis (that's right - they don't overbook people at the spa... nice!). It's really a 360 degree view of the Strip below. The sauna, steam room, jacuzzi... around every corner, there's something new to explore.  I especially loved the crazy multimedia showers with different lights, sounds and sprays. The spa issues each of your guests a nice little make-up bag filled with little toiletries: razor, toothbrush, toothpaste, comb. It made a really nice souvenir for the girls to remind them of their day at the spa. Their robes are so cushy, it's like you've been bear hugged by a large teddy bear. I was really tempted to buy one but balked at the $175 pricetag. Onto the treatment. I had a wonderful therapist called Elizabeth who provided one of the best massages I've had in a long time. The treatment rooms are fantasticly decorated in Asian themes and is more like a lounge than a treatment room. Each room houses an insane shower than has at least 20 different jets shooting water at you. Ahhh... this is the life.The luminescence massage finishes off with a pearl powder that's mixed in with some lotion. It makes your skin shiny for 3 days (and yes... I washed each and every day, thank you very much). Overall, this treatment is well worth every penny spent.For one of the girls in our party, it was her first spa experience (we broke her spa cherry... hee hee hee). She asked if all spa experiences were like this and I assured her no. This place was definitely one of a kind.FYI - if you didn't get enough of the spa before your treatment, your treatment includes use of all the spa facilities until closing (which is usually late like 9pm) Also, if you're a local, they have a special discounts! Hurray!
4	I just returned from Vegas for a holiday girls' trip, and the Spa at MOLAS was one of our stops during our vacation.  My travel partner works concierge at the spa at Mandarin Oriental's DC location, so she was interested and checking out the facility even though neither of us could spare the cash to splurge on a treatment here.  This review is strictly for the facilities, which I simultaneously found both incredibly impressive and disappointing.  Disappointing only because the spa lacks some of my favorite standard spa amenities like a jacuzzi (they only had a warm "vitality pool" which was at least 10 degrees cooler than how I would run my bath) and a sauna.  To me, use of the spa facilities are half the draw of visiting a spa even when I do book treatments so the lack of some of my favorite amenities was a bit of a bummer.  That aside, this spa has a lot going for it.  The spa areas were immaculately clean, attractively modern in their design, offered stellar views of the strip, and had a lot of cool techy features like experience showers with touch screen menus and the ability to turn on the jets for the vitality pool on a station/lounger by station/lounger basis rather than for the whole pool.  Their relation room is one of the nicest and most relaxing one I've ever been in, with plenty of beds situated in front of windows overlooking the strip to rest in while waiting for your appointment or just to get some rest.  Finally, I can't say enough good things about their staff.  The service was top notch, friendly and extremely attentive without being obtrusive.  Always there to offer you a towel, a bottle of water or to fetch eye makeup remover for when the experience showers have ruined your eyeliner and you've neglected to bring your own.  Really top notch service.
5	Many other Yelpers have thoroughly covered why this place is the cream of the crop. The spa is more or less brand new and everything is absolutely pristine. I have two big suggestions-going Monday-Thursday as it will be less crowded. I went on a Monday and there was only one lady there when I arrived; and a few ladies in the locker room area as I departed. The other main reason is you pay less Monday-Thursday. I studied the service menu extensively before I booked my room at the Hotel and to see what treatments I wanted. I ultimately chose the time ritual where you are paying for a block of time. I decided to go really big and get the 2 hour/50 minutes.You check in and they wash your feet and trade your shoes for cute plastic sandals. Then you get ushered into the locker room and are shown around. The waiting area has these chaise lounge things with a view of the southern part of Las Vegas Boulevard. Eventually your person comes to collect you.I knew for sure I wanted a facial but beyond that I wasn't really sure. More feet washing. Jonsey said there was time to do a number of things so we started with a facial, then did a scrub, wrap and ended with a massage and finished the facial. Each treatment room has it's own tub and shower and you are ushered in and out between treatments. I felt a little too warm when I was wrapped up like a baked potato but other than that everything was top notch.It is pricey even at the reduced cost Mon-Thurs but you get your moneys worth and then some. I also appreciate that there was no big push on the products whatsoever rather than their presence in the Spa Boutique.The robes were also insanely comfy I really want one. Book your appointment earlier in the day so you can fully take advantage of all the amenities like the crazy shower where you can get blasted or rained on.
5	This place was amazing, it was finished with marble tile, and I had the hamam treatment. It a gorgeous as the photos. I was so relaxed! The spa has many amenities and its beautiful. I am going back again for sure.
5	OMG!!! I don't know what I could say to give or add justice to all the other reviews that helped me choose this spa. I definitely will be returning on my next visits. I don't even care of my friends will join me or not. Actually probably don't mind cause this is one of those places you want to feel secluded. On a saturday when i visited it felt as if i was by myself at times. maybe since it was a saturday in feb. One thing to keep in mind is for the tropical showers is that there is one cold one and one hot. This place may be 4 $'s but I don't mind paying $250 for a 90 min high roller treatment. Only because it includes the full spa at your disposal. When I compare to my other vegas spa exp, qa in Cesar's, the only drawback is that i don't have the connivance of in and outs so i could hit the poker room.
4	This spa is fabulous.  The service, amenities and staff are well worth your time and money.  I do not suggest wasting your time at the pool for a cocktail or to lounge - the service there was not worthwhile but certainly stop by the spa for a treatment or two.
4	I love this place.  My brother in law won some gambling money so he treated us to a spa day.  If you get a chance try the Hammam.  I felt like a little kid getting a sponge bath.  I loved the heated marble massage table.  You get scrubbed down, massaged and massaged some more.  Even if you don't do a treatment you can use the spa facility.  The heated pools, showers and saunas were fun to just relax in or chit chat with the ladies.
5	This is by far the best spa I have ever been to. The amenities were top notch and so was the service. The massage itself was great and exactly what I was looking for.  I will definitely go back my next time in Vegas
5	Please read my review of the hotel to see why I would give it 10 stars if I could!I would also give the Spa 10 stars! I have been lucky enough to have visited many of the world's best spas, and this was definitely my favourite (my husband's too). All the 5 star reviews are 100% correct!My husband and I chose the Hammam and the Foot Spa as soon as we arrived and for the rest of our trip kept talking about how amazing those treatments were. First, the Hammam. I love body scrubs with loofahs, and this was such a unique, exhilarating experience. We were able to do it side-by-side which was lovely. I won't say more as you NEED to experience this. Next, the foot spa, which starts with a ritualistic foot bath before moving to a super comfortable chair overlooking the strip. The refloxology massage was so, so good, with just the right intensity. Invigorating yet relaxing. Then we went off to enjoy the spa itself, which we both just ADORED! The steam room was my favourite, and the thematic showers were great too. Love all the little touches, like the delicious orange and apple water, tea, ice cold towels and relaxation beds. The staff were always on hand for any assistance. I asked if there was a hairdryer and the lady set one up for me while I was in the shower. There was always offers of fresh towels or water. We were glowing afterwards and called everyone we knew and told them they have to stay at the Mandarin Oriental and book in for the Spa...and we're already talking about coming back.
5	This is one very nice SPA!  I called for a same day appt and I was able to get one within 45 minutes of my call.  I booked a hot stone massage.  This spa is beautiful.  The take your shoes when you check in and provide you with sandals.  The spa has some great showers and saunas.  The locker room attendants were outstanding.  Always bringing you fresh towels and water.  They also explained everythign about the spa.  One thing, I found it odd that when I checked out, there were sepeate TIP sections for the spa service, attendant and the person that checked you in?  What does the check in person do that should require a tip?Great spa and I will be back...
5	4.5 stars!Facility: 4/5.  Very standard lavish Vegas spa: marble everywhere, very clean, fancy shower room, marble chair, etc. (FYI-Encore is way more fancy/lavish)  I like the chinese decor  very much since i am Asian.   The waiting room is bit weird,  there are two regular chairs with tons of recliner chairs covered with towels seems ready for foot massage only.  I really want to sit on the recliner instead but hesitated to do so as I requested massage and body treatment only for that day.  Choice of magazines is limited only Orpha (can i get some fashion magainzes this is Vegas!)  However, treatment room is very nice, it has nice in room shower room.  After my full body scrub i can step right into shower to clean it all off and next step.  Very sweet!Price: 4/5. Pricey, but with the Best Spa award in Vegas they can be firm on pricing and not offering local discount.Service:6/5.  OUTSTANDING!!!  I was offered hot tea and slipper while i was waiting at the spa lobby, there were 2 spa staff walking around the area alot to make sure all my needs were addressed.  The spa also provided spa guest a small goodies bag with shaving cream, razor, toothpaste, tooth brush and comb so I didn't need to run around to request them.  My therapist was great, after she figured out they mixed up the guest names with service requested, she immediately offered me extended service time to make sure i didn't lose any.  Also she was very skillful and i felt so refreshed after the treatment.Highly recommended.
3	Don't get me wrong the spa is beautifiul but I was disappointed.  There is only one hot pool would like there to be more. Also there was only fruit would like to have a little more to eat while I was there.  Aria is a much better spa.
5	Really, an amazing place. You can't beat this spa. It's absolutely gorgeous. I had a full blown pregnancy treatment and the therapist was amazing. They give you tea when you arrive. The spa hosts are extremely accomodating. The showers are unbelievable. Touch screen with all sorts of jets that stream from every which way. I couldn't participate in all of the amenities because of my pregnancy (hot tub, sauna, steam room) but I cannot wait to go back and give them a try. They offer to sell you product at the end but I said I wasn't interested and that was that. No pushy sales people. They accept spafinder gift cards, which is nice. Their relaxation rooms are beautiful and comfortable.
4	I took my sister here for her 40th birthday.  We had a really nice time.  But there are a few places that could use improvement.PROS:  The massages were amazing.  Patricia from Brazil gave a wonderful massage.  She was very professional, she checked in with me throughout the massage to see if the pressure was okay, I felt like butter at the end of the massage.  I didn't want it to be over.The VIEW of the strip from the 8th floor was cool.  You were able to see the view from many vantage points.  What was really cool is that the hot tub had benches inside them so that you can lay down in the hot tub and take in the view of the strip.The quiet room was a great place to relax after our treatments.  Those beds and the blankets were so comfy.The EXPERIENCE SHOWERS were kind of fun.  It's a huge shower room with a computer monitor and you can pick what kind of shower you wanted.  They had a cool water thunder/rain shower with lights and sound.  My favorite was the warm water massage option that blasted water at high pressure on your body, massaging your muscles.MEDIOCRE:The steam room and dry sauna were just okay.The laconium looked cool, but was kind of a wasted space.  There was no one in there and the beds were kind of uncomfortable.LACK OF OOH AND AHH AESTHETICS.  I would say that compared to other Vegas spas, the MO spa was underwhelming.  Mostly because if you walk into a place like the Encore's spa, the entryway is much more luxe and dramatic.  The MO's lobby is very dark and sparse.  It looked less luxurious and inviting than the Encore's spa.Everything looked clean and pretty. However, I was expecting a more Asian theme in the spa.  The aesthetic here with all the grey/white marble and tiles in the spa seemed much more Euro than Asian.  But the massage rooms and the staff's uniforms were Asian-inspired.  It was an uncohesive look.CONS:We had the rhassoul mud treatment.  I hated it.  For $100, I scrubbed myself, plastered mud on myself, sat in an uncomfortably hot bench, and then showered.  And the mud stung my skin.  I put some on my face and it was burning.  I wish I would have been told by the attendant that this might happen.  I would not recommend this treatment.  I felt so stupid paying for it.The prices were exorbitantly expensive.  $320 for a 80 minute massage is crazy.  If it wasn't for a very very special occasion, we would have gone somewhere else.  I would only recommend if you had a very special occasion.TIPS:We were there for hours.  We wish we could have ordered food, smoothies, or drinks.  We were hungry for a snack.  The attendants said there was a limited menu of a chicken wrap or fruit plate and it would take 30 minutes.  Just FYI so you can plan ahead.If you go on a Monday-Thursday, you can get a more discounted rate than on weekends.
5	Best of the Best, and its certainly not for the budget-minded people too. You get what you paid for it.MO Spa sets the standard for what a spa should be.  Top-notch facilities and excellent staff (Esp JP in the men's section, one of the best staff I have seem in years of spa experience).  It is a whooping $50 on Mon-Thurs or $60 on Friday-Sunday. If you feel like to pamper your body mind and soul, this is the place to be.Like others mention.  They first serve you with tea and exchanged your shoes to their slippers then take you downstair to the spa area.  The spa have a nice jacuzzi tub which have curved benches that have bubbles coming from underneath so you can relax while viewing the strip view from the 7th floor.  They also have sauna, steam room, laconium room and experience showers that is fun to play with for a bit.  There is also a heated stong lounge chairs room and another private relaxation room with fully flat bed.  The staff here is really good.  They know when to handle you the cold towels when you are in the steam room, placed the dry towel mat outside of your shower without feeling being invaded.  This came from numerous years of experience and good customer service mind.One pet peeve is that they asked you to sign off the bill when you purchase the day pass and they have 3 separate lines where you can write the tip amounts for the staffs (Spa Concierge - for checkin you in, spa attendants and someone else).  While their spa is really good, but I think that feels a bit pushy. Overall, this place is awesome, having tried the spa at MO will make you feel like you will not go anywhere else for the spa anymore.  Definitely worth a try and pamper yourself once when visiting Vegas.
5	oh dear, it sure is sad to be back in Chicago right now. Just three days ago, I was blissfully relaxing in the comforts of the near perfect spa at Mandarin Oriental Las Vegas. I booked a 90 minute massage at the MO to have some deep relaxation during my week long vacation with my momma. Ya'll know that moms stress a girl out! From the valet to the exit, my experience was near perfect. The facilities are clean, simplistic and just quite lovely. Truly. My therapist, Jeffery, massaged me into heavenly relaxation. He was amazing. I've had a LOT of massages in my day, and Jeffrey was the best. I was SO hoping for a happy ending. Alas, sweet Jeffrey is not into girls. :) Besides the massage, I have to gush about the view. Wow, it's amazing! really! The spa is nestled on the corner of the eighth floor overlooking the strip. The soaking pool has stainless steel relaxation chairs overlooking the north end of the strip. The relaxation room has lounging beds that overlook the north end of the strip. At dusk, the view is spectacularly beautiful. There were a few things that took away from the experience though, and they should be mentioned.1. Most unfortunately, the spa allows cell phones in the relaxation areas. A woman actually had her phone in the soaking pool. REALLY?! That's just poor manners. Additionally, several other patrons and I were nude in the pool, steam rooms, common areas, etc. I'd rather not have cell phone cameras around. I understand that the staff may not want to offend people by insisting on no phones but they really should. 2. During my time after the massage, I spent a few hours reading the NYT and WSJ papers that were provided in the relaxation room. Sadly, a few obnoxiously loud women in the soaking pool had no concept of quiet. None. They were SO loud. On a MONDAY MORNING! They completely disrupted the atmosphere of serenity for me and the other patrons. I really wish the staff would have gently quieted them. After all, it is a spa - not a nightclub. I cannot imagine what the noise level would be like on a busy weekend day. 3. As others have mentioned, the three tip lines is slightly off putting. I take pride in generously tipping, but I do not think the person handing me slippers warrants a tip. That's part of the service for which I am paying. Would I go again? In a heartbeat. In fact, this will be my go to spa in Vegas. From the minute the valet took my car to the minute I left, the entire experience was nearly flawless. I cannot wait to return.
5	This spa is expensive but worth every penny.  I recently purchased a time ritual and pedicure.  Overall some of the best treatments I have ever received.A time ritual is something I have never seen at another spa.  It is where you book a certain amount of time with a double certified therapist (massage/facial).  Once you get to your appointment, you can talk with the therapist and decide how to use the time.  I had a wonderful therapist named Elizabeth - she is awesome.  She is very nice, professional, and really cares about her clients.  I got the best massage I have ever received.  I like a true deep tissue massage which is difficult to get.  A lot of the time you just get a pseudo deep-tissue massage which just doesn't give me the long term benefits.  Elizabeth rocks!  She did a great massage and also did some reflexology (which isn't even on the their list of services).  Overall, she is the best massage therapist I have ever met.Next I had a pedicure with Sammy.  She gave a great pedicure and is really skilled.  It is rare to get such skill - this translates into a pedicure that takes care of calluses/cuticles without any twinges of pain.  I was really impressed with her abilities, professionalism and how nice she was.  Overall a great experience.The spa itself and all of the attendants were also wonderful.  This is a top notch spa and I plan on returning on my next trip of Las Vegas.
5	Love, Love, Love! We arrived at noon on a Monday with five hours to spare before we needed to head to the airport. My husband nervously went to the men's side, and I to the women's. (It was his first experience such as this.) I did two rotations of all of the lovely spa features before our joint Hammam. The laconnium (sp?) room was my favorite, but the pool, shower, Rhass steam room, etc. were so clean, and lovely! It was a quiet day at the spa, so I  enjoyed everything to myself. The Hammam was invigorating and fun. I would likely do a different treatment next time, but it was a nice experience. The amenities in the dressing area include everything you might need to prepare for leaving. My favorite spa experience ever. ( My husband loved it too!!!)
5	The sticker shock wore off in about 42 seconds.  This place is worth every penny, and I'm not even close to being a wealthy person.  The Hammam was incredible.  The therapists were so attentive.  The whole experience from start to finish was perfect.  Plan to spend the day there - you will be more than pleased.
5	I agree with other yelpers that this is a bargain. I walked in at 1pm and left there around 6:30pm after feeling like a new person. Hammon was a very cool experience and my skin feels very smooth and clean. Hammon was not the highlight of the spa, the amenities from cold towels, steam rooms and different showers and the best part was the staff. Do yourself a favor and spend the last day in Las Vegas there before flying out. It will be worth every penny.
5	Probably one of the, if not the, best spa experiences I've had. Our trip to Vegas was planned purely around relaxation! Woo! We were staying at Aria, so we were within convenient walking distance to Mandarin Oriental. I had read amazing things about their spa on both Yelp and other websites, so I had to try! Both the hubs and I prefer to have much more pressure during our full-body massages and we usually request deep-tissue massages when we go to spas. But even then, we have found that most therapists still don't apply enough pressure, even at the most high-end spas.I booked two Oriental Essence massages for the both of us (in a couples suite -- it costs a bit more, but I found the difference rather negligible since the massages themselves are so pricey). We got a little lost on the way over (by foot), as you have to take the elevator to different levels in order to get to either the spa or main lobby from the side entrance. The bell boys were so nice and asked if we needed help and directed us the right way. Upon entering the spa facilities, you are immediately relaxed with the calming ambiance of aromas and quietness. We were greeted, seated, and served refreshing tea while we filled out our "preferences" form, indicating areas we would like them to focus on, and had our shoes swapped with spa sandals (they even go out of their way to ask you for precise shoe size). We then met with our respective therapists and they each gave us a tour of the men's and women's side of the facilities.The amenities were amazing and the place is huge! There is a jacuzzi (with bubbles!) area with built-in underwater loungers with floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the Cosmo. There were both wet and dry saunas, along with various types of showers (cool refreshing rain showers to icy cold mist) that could be controlled from a touchpad. Of course the entire spa is clothing optional. Our therapists let us relax for about 20-30 minutes in the co-ed waiting room after changing and exploring the facilities. Each lounge bed is partitioned for privacy and a coverlet is provided for you to make yourself comfortable. The reclining lounge beds can be adjusted automatically with side buttons. It was almost too much to handle. The beds were facing out floor-to-ceiling windows. Such a perfect way to spend the afternoon relaxing!Anyway, onto the massage! We were then both taken to a very dark, quiet (other than the soothing music they were playing in the background), aromatherapeutic couples suite. The suite was actually pretty spacious, with additional arm chairs at the side. The therapists made sure everything was to our liking during the entire massage. I was pleasantly surprised at the pressure my therapist initially applied (more than sufficient) and even asked him to go slightly lighter -- that never happens! The massage was so thorough and my therapist really focused on the upper back, shoulder blades (!!), and neck area, using his knuckles and elbows. I felt like pure mush afterwards. It was AMAZING. My husband thoroughly enjoyed his as well, and we were tempted to make another appointment that same weekend...haha. If only it wasn't so pricey! But it was all very much worthwhile -- you really get what you pay for! The facilities were not crowded at all -- there were a few other women using the amenities at the same time I was and we never got in each others way, and I never found myself sharing anything (sauna or jacuzzi)! You basically feel like you have the whole place to yourself!I guess it was a bit too much (pushy) when they have three separate lines at the bottom of the bill to tip the check-in concierge, attendants, and therapist. And my being Chinese, you bet there was some eye-rolling each time one of the staff tried to play up the whole oriental aspect of the spa treatment and decor. Otherwise, it was such a great experience and I'm very much looking forward to my next visit!
5	Heaven!The only negative?? At some point, you have to leave and return to the real world.$180 for a one our massage and $100 for a body scrub - not what I would have expected from MO, especially in Vegas!  I didn't have three lines of gratuities at check-out, but we also didn't get our own bag of toiletries either.  And I'm not complaining about either!  I could have skipped the experiential showers, but everything else from the jacuzzi to the sauna to the heated stone chairs and the treatments themselves were all divine!  We arrive about an hour early, and I wish we'd come earlier and stayed longer.  It was the perfect way to end our trip to Vegas.  Completely detoxifying and relaxing!
4	I spent several hours here a few months ago. I had been wanting to go for ages due to all the awesome things I heard about this place. While I was definitely happy spending time here, it did not quite live up to everything I heard about it. Pros:1. Really awesome customer service. Everyone here is friendly and makes conversation with ease.2. Heated floor around the jacuzzi!3. Really awesome steam room that doesn't look like a steam room! It's dimly lit in blue, purple, and green lighting.4. The best spa water ever! Also plenty of apples and oranges for snacking. Bottled water throughout the spa, too.Cons:1. The overall feel of the spa was not very relaxing. It was a little cold, since everything was so modern. The excessive amount of gray marble everywhere also contributed to minimalist vibe that wasn't very welcoming.2.The Hammam treatment was overrated. You pay for someone to bathe you for 45 minutes while you lay on a warm slab. The therapist was really nice, but the treatment didn't do anything for me. It didn't leave my skin as soft as I'd hoped.3. The experience showers were a waste of time. It's a shower that mimics weather from a light mist to a torrential rain. The lights didn't change enough to be noticeable, and I could barely hear the sound effects. Nothing happened on the mist setting, but I did get unevenly pelted with lukewarm water on the torrential rain setting.Basically, I'm glad I got to experience this, but I probably won't be back. I think I discovered my go-to Vegas spa a few days later (Qua). I think Mandarin Oriental is worth a trip, as many people do love it. The vibe just didn't appeal to what I look for in a spa.
5	Oh, Spa Mandarin how I love you!As a wedding treat for my husband and I, the day after our nuptials we spent a few hours at Spa Mandarin and it lived up to the hype for sure.  The day of our wedding, I went to the Spa at Mandalay Bay which was nice as well, but nothing compares to this.  I have also been to the Spa at the Venetian, Aria, and MGM.My favorite part about the Spa is that it wasn't overbooked.  It was very intimate and the service can't be beat.  They truly treat you like royalty there and that alone set it apart from the other spas in the area.  The amenities were excellent, the only thing I didn't like was the experience showers - a cold shower doesn't do anything for me but make me chilly!  I did the Maj Jong treatment and I would definately reccommend it.  It was a foot treatment, scrub and massage which was devine!  My husband had a hot stone massage and he was thrilled as well.If you are looking for a 5 star Spa experience, look no further!
4	The Spa is at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel.Lovely.As I entered the spa I was greeted by name, presented with hot tea and slippers, and asked to fill out paperwork.I was then taken to the locker area and given a lush robe to wear. Everything just oozed of luxury and serenity. The spa area was pristine and pretty. It had a modern, minimalist look and feel to it which I loved.  Attendants were present to assist with whatever I needed and/or to restock the plush towels; washcloths; etc but were not obtrusive so as to not disrupt my spa time. The spa facilities included a lounge/quiet room, a relaxation area with heated marble chairs, steam rooms, ice rooms, a warm shallow jacuzzi with underwater seats that massaged me full of bubbles. My favorite area was the lounge/quiet room with warm toasty lounge beds and a variety of magazines. i could've spent an entire day here. The only thing I didn't like about the spa was the brand of shampoo conditioner, and lotion available for use in the shower and vanity areas. One would expect to see well known (high end) products but the brand they had (I forget the name) seemed cheap and did not smell nice.  My least favorite amenity were the ice rooms which in theory sounds beneficial to one's heath but once in the ice room it was just too cold to stay there. My HAMMAM treatment... I was led into a room and laid on a large heated marble slab. **I wasn't wearing anything, but my lady parts were adequately covered** My attendant was dressed in a bathing suit covered by a sarong and she had on water shoes. At the start of my treatment she doused me in warm water over and over again. Once soaked, she put on an exfoliating mitt and vigorously scrubbed me from head to toe and back and front. The scrubbing wasn't painful, but it wasn't soothing either. However, I knew what I was getting myself into and was prepared for this vigorous exfoliation. After the scrubbing, I was soaped and massaged from head to toe. Towards the very end of my treatment she alternated between warm and cold water which shocked me at first but energized me from my stupor. It was a great experience. The unique part of the HAMMAM aside from the exfoliation and the massage was the way my attendant poured the water onto me. She knew when a good douse, a nice slow pour, or anything in between was needed. All this heightened my experience which made a big difference at various points during my treatment.The only things I didn't like during the treatment: I got water in my right ear when she doused me and every time I'd lay on my stomach water would sometimes get into my nose.  At the end of my spa stay, I was given a little goodie bag that included a toothbrush, toothpaste, comb, and razor set.Overall a very nice experience.  I'd come back just to use the spa facilities and spend an entire day here in peace.
4	I really like this place. I actually feel relaxed when i leave here.  Price is a little high, but you're in vegas. Place is very relaxing.  The spa area is beautiful. - friendly service-professional staff-quality product-superior attention to detaila must if you're visiting vegas
5	Get an entry level foot spa, and then you can enjoy this great place for a whole day!
5	I treated my Fiance to a Spa at the Mandarin Oriental this passed weekend. She had a great time. The Staff and the facilities were Phenomenal. Very high tech. The staff allowed me to use the pool to relax while waiting for the treatment, along with offering me some water and tea. My Fiance had a two hour massage which she said was very good. They really seem to take care of you here. The only complaint she had (and thats why she ended her treatment early) is that she said the staff in the sauna or nearby were chatting amongst themselves about their personal lives and drama and this made it hard for her to relax or get that Zen like feeling you want when you are at the spa. Special thanks to both Melodie and Also Mr. Graham for reaching out and doing what they can to make sure the experience was a stress free as possible Visited September 2013
5	Best Spa Day I've ever!! I had the Aromatherapy Massage with Connie. I've never felt so relaxed after a massage. She picked out the perfect scents and actually got that knot out of my left shoulder blade:)Definitely make time to enjoy the various steam rooms and the experience shower.... And they also have these stone lounge chaises that are heated. Perfect way to sit and end the day.  I can't wait to come back again!!
1	Pass on the mani pedis.  The atmosphere is super relaxing and beautiful but the pedi mani was a big disappointment.  It started off really well, relaxing and then rush rush rush.  1. The girl cut deep into the left side of my thumb nail near the skin so now there is a big indent with an edge.  It's going to take months to grow that out. For the price I paid I'd was pretty ticked with this error...  Honestly, she should have admitted to it rather than trying to cover it up (which made the situation worse) and she should have given me a price reduction.2nd. The paint job itself was done with tons of layers too quickly so it was a bubble of paint that wasn't spread evenly across my nails.  (I think this had to do with her trying to cover up her mistake I mentioned above.)3rd. They didn't give me enough time to let things dry before asking me multiple times if I was ready to leave.. Needless to say my nails got are ruined.Also, I didn't appreciate the lack of professionalism from the young women who seemed to be talking smack and giggling around the corner. I sat in the store area with the robes letting my nails dry a bit more and paying my bill and I felt really uncomfortable.I suggest they upgrade to more mature and experienced employees.
5	I am writing this review on behalf of my wife (spa connoisseur).  Some of her top spas includes: Montage Laguna Beeach, Peninsula Bangkok, The Grand Del Mar, and Aria.  I got her the 80min facial ($260).  Spa/facility:  Located on the 8th floor of the hotel, they noticed a difference in decor and ambiance from some of the other lower end spas.  The clientele was also notably different.  From the start, the facility was top notch, clean, and very impressive.  There were a number of things they enjoyed about the facility.  They liked the "chaise" that was submerged in the pool.  They liked the special "showers" that had programmable functions (rain fall, misting, etc.).  They enjoyed the relaxation room and view of the strip.  Service:  They noted right away a different level of service.  They were assigned their own hostess that escorted them throughout their treatment.  Everywhere they turned, someone was there either to assist, clean, or just being helpful.  They did not feel rushed or pushed in anyway.  Only negative was that our friend's therapist was very chatty and did not get the hint that she wanted to be left alone in peace and quiet.Value:  This spa was by far one of the pricier ones...but then again, you definitely get what you pay for.  For day spa use its $80 (on NYE)!!! All in all, they enjoyed their service and would definitely recommend it if you have the $$$ for it.
5	Well worth the five star review that I am giving. It's probably the best spa/massage experience that I've had. I had the hot stone and massage for 90 minutes. I highly recommend taking the time to enjoy the facilities. It's just as nice as the hotel itself. I plan on treating my wife to a day at the spa, I'm not sure if they offer couple massage, but that's my plan. it might not be the least expensive place to go but it's well worth the cost.
5	I have become a bit of a spa lover and because of this have visited many over the last several years (including several on the strip)...this spa is probably in the top three overall. It is a bit smaller than other spas on the strip. The experience from beginning to end is nothing short of excellent. Sure, it is pricey, but worth it. You begin your experience by checking in to the spa on the 8th floor and removing your shoes while enjoying a drink. The experience continues with attentive spa attendants who make certain that the facilities are immaculately kept and your needs are met. The amenities are great - lounge chairs in the hot tub, programmable showers, laconium treatment rooms, a relaxation room - you name it, The Spa has it and it is excellent.I booked an 80 minute Swedish massage and it was absolutely excellent. Newton was my therapist and hands down gave one of the best massages I have had (I have hundreds of massages over the last several years). He was truly skilled and I can't recommend him highly enough. The treatment was room was well appointed and really relaxing. I enjoyed the experience so much that I considered trying to book another treatment, but was unable to due to my schedule. Highly recommend The Spa - you will not be disappointed!
5	A really fantastic experience! I'd like to shout out my treatment specialist, Elizabeth Setta. She put her heart and soul into the experience...I felt like I had known her for years!
5	This was an amazing spa experience.  Mandarin Oriental hotels around the world are known for their superb service, the spa at the Mandarin Oriental in Las Vegas is no exception.  I took a friend there for her birthday and booked the Time Ritual.  It is a two hour spa service with a therapist who is well-versed for all the services offered in the spa, and you can pick whatever you want to do in that two hour period, anything from facial to hot stone massage.  we were greeted by the spa receptionist and escorted to sit down in the lounge.  While we were filling out the questionnaire, we were served tea and spa slippers were delivered to us on a tray.  I have never seen such unique spa facility - besides the  typical showers, restrooms lockers, steam room, and sauna, it also has a jacuzzi that has lounge chairs in the water, heated stone chairs, adjustable daybeds, and the entertaining/fun "shower experience".  My friend and I spent about 2 hours in the locker after the services.  My experience started with a foot ritual, while the therapist gently massage my feet, she asked me what I'd like to do for the next two hours.  I decided on a 90 minute massage and a 30 minute mini-facial.  She was a very observant and attentive therapist, as she tailored the massage to my needs and stayed very quiet when she noticed I was falling asleep (some therapist would just keep talking).  It was a truly enjoyable experience.One thing to note is that they go above and beyond to make sure you enjoy your experience.  While I was in the jacuzzi, I saw two other patrons with apples in their hands.  I told my friend I wish I could have some but I can't bite into a whole apple because I had TMJ.  My friend disappeared for a few minutes after that.  Next thing I know, one of the spa personnels brought a plate of sliced apple to me.  Wow.  Of course I love my friend from doing that, but I was impressed with the Spa's willingness to go out of their way to please their customers.They had at least 2-3 spa personnels in the locker room at all times and they are paying attention to everything you need.  When I came out of the shower with my bathing suit in hand, they quickly grabbed me a towel and a bag to store my swimsuit.  They thought of EVERYTHING.  That is what I call customer service!When we are checking out, they surprised my friend with a birthday present (products).  She was ecstatic.  I appreciate that gesture.  I have been to many top notched spas around the world and this one is one of my favorites now.
5	Best. Spa. Ever! There is a reason this place is expensive, this place has given me the best spa experience of my life. The amenities are amazing, the staff is extremely kind and courteous. The jacuzzi is so comfortable with a view of the strip. I got a hot stone massage and facial (which by the way is a much better value if you do the time ritual rather than paying for each service separately). The massage was the best massage I have ever had. We will be coming back to this spa the next time we are in Vegas!
4	Stupendously clean, relaxing, luxurious.  Service is absolutely wonderful.  Can't remember the last time I had spa service I'd call "warm" -- usually spa employees are so professional they're quite sterile.  But the service here is undeniably warm.  From the front desk to the locker room attendant, the employees here are just so lovely and welcoming -- everyone wants to know what they can do to make your stay more comfortable.Had an excellent massage from a real professional who knew how to treat inflammation in the body and resolved my travel-and-booze induced neck and back pain.The spa could do more to enforce the no-mobile-phones rule.  My visit to the warm stone lounge chairs was ruined by a bimbo shouting inanities into her phone -- she absolutely would not shut up -- I had to go back to my room and it sort of dampened the whole spa experience.
4	My husband and I are locals, and we stayed at the Mandarin over night to check out the Amex fine hotel package. I am a big fan of Asian bath houses, and also like spas, though not as much. The Spa at the Mandarin has been highly rated, so we decided to give it a try. My husband got the 2 hour time ritual, and I just got a regular massage. The service itself was good, and pretty much what I expected. The service rooms aren't as modern as I would expect. It was around $500 dollars before tips for the 2 of us. The spa area itself is pretty small, one of the smallest bathhouse/spa general area I've ever seen. When I was there on a Monday morning, there was no one else, so I freely roamed around naked like I would in an Asian bathhouse. I know even though they say clothing is optional, most people would cover up pretty well, I am glad there wasn't anyone else, I didn't want to make anyone feel uncomfortable. I love the soaking pool they have overlooking the strip, it was very relaxing. The rain shower is not worth the try, but regular shower rooms are very good. I also appreciated that they had cold water and plenty of towels and other amenities everywhere. Overall, service was luxury, price is high but not too bad given the location. The spa is quite, so I don't think it would be good for a girls day out, where you want to chat all day. But it would be the most awesome thing if you are on a business trip in the city and want to get away for a little while. p.s. The tea they serve you when you check is some really damn good tea, high quality leaves.
5	Spa junkie, here! I also work at a spa so I'm always curious to experience other spas. Needless to say The Spa at the Mandarin Oriental was amazing.My Hammam body scrub was $150 and this price included full access to the spa amenities. Woo! Great price, ESPECIALLY for the wonderful treatment.First, let's talk about my spa treatment: the Hammam. The Hammam is a wonderful 45-minute body treatment in a heated room, on a marble massage table. The treatment consists of your therapist pouring hot and cold water, alternating in between. Then afterwards they use a rough mitt and scrub down your body (which might be a little intense for some, but I was used to it as I already dry brush at home). Afterwards they pour bubbles all over your body and massage it in, and then repeat the process of hot and cold water again. It is a very beautiful treatment that is a very sensory experience, as you feel so many temperatures from hot to cold and textures from rough to smooth and slippery. One of the best spa experiences I have ever had--hands down!My friend and I were greeted by our spa therapists right at the door (unfortunately I do not remember the names of our therapists but they were both wonderful! One was white and the other was Asian--both female--if that helps) of our treatment room, and they were extremely polite, professional and very thorough informing us about the treatment. At the end of the treatment, they wrapped us wet into dry towels and guided us to the seating area directly outside the treatment room. I thought I would be uncomfortable and cold since we were still wet (I don't like feeling like a wet dog), but they tucked us right underneath the comfortable and provided us with water to aid the detoxification process. Needless to say they had every sensory experience nailed down to the T and the entire experience of the Hammam was fantastic.The spa experience was amazing. From the very beginning of check-in we were provided with an offering of hot towels for the hands and tea while waiting and were given a tour of the spa before being given a moment to unchange and enjoy the spa prior to our treatment. Staff was extremely helpful and warming. Did not feel like a lost puppy here like I do at other spas that don't give proper tours and guidance. Professional from the beginning to the end.The spa has a heated pool, very interesting showers that have different types of sprays and jets, and a heated room. They also have a rhassoul mud room but that is used for body treatments. They also have heated beds facing the windows so you can soak up the sun and stare at the strip. Lots of areas to lounge in and be comfy. They also have a vanity area where you can apply your make up and fix your hair-- they provide Oribe hair products for you to use, which is an awesome line of products. Spa store has an array of skincare and hair products as well as little knick-knacks available for purchase.Overall, I fell in love with this spa. Next time I am out to Vegas, I will definitely schedule another treatment here!**Make sure to tip your therapists generously. They do such an amazing job, how can you not!**
5	After trying the Bellagio Spa with their gazillion treatment rooms, hordes of tourists and sheep herd mentality, this place was such a welcome relief.  I was the only one there for the two hours I was at the spa.  The staff were incredibly friendly, and the facilities are second to none.  Be sure to lounge in their hot water spa in the metal chaise lounges, and try the mood showers that offer different experiences of sound, water and music like Rain Forest and Arctic Chill.  This place is pricey like all spas in Vegas.
5	An incredible spa experience.  I had the two hour long MahJong treatment, and I was not disappointed.  The amenities were impeccable.  The decor was tasteful (though a bit too many multicoloured LED lights for my taste).  The experiential showers really relaxed me.  The floating spa was an awesome experience.  The therapist catered to my every whim.  I came out scrubbed and completely relaxed.  Made my drive back to LA that much better.In an effort to keep an open internet I've decided to sign my name to all my reviews.Best,Adam Koppekin
3	The room that we booked came with a $100 spa credit, so it'd be a shame to let it go to waste.  Lo and behold the prices of the treatments are a lot more expensive than other spas on the Strip.  The facial was good, and the facilities are nice, but if not for the $100 spa credit, for the (full) price I'd prefer the Canyon Ranch in the Venetian.
