4	Elegant boutique hotel right in the heart of Old Montreal.  The rooms are large with big floor-to-ceiling windows, exposed brick walls and functional decor.  The washrooms are particularly noteworthy with their standalone air bathtubs, large showers with rainshower heads and top-end toiletry products.  The location can't be beat found right across Bascillica de Notre Dame and the beautifully old cobbled streets of Old Montreal.  You do not need your car to get to great restaurants, shopping, Chinatown and the waterfront.  The service is top-notch with nothing to be desired.
4	This place is a total gem. Location is fabulous. We stayed there a week and didn't miss the lack of a rental car at all. It's located on the edge of Old Montreal and the Place d'Armes metro stop is two short blocks away. The rooms are very nice and has some of the biggest bathrooms I've had in a hotel. It also seemed reasonably priced and there's a nice complimentary breakfast and happy-hour wine/hors d'eouvres to boot.I'd definitely stay there again.
4	My room didn't have floor to ceiling windows. Or a standalone bathtub....But I'm not complaining. Very nice hotel, very nice staff.  The valet guy even moved our car for us to an open parking space one night!Speaking of location - this area is VERY hard to park at.  You don't need a car but if you have one, be prepared for steep parking lot rates or slim to none street parking. BUT - Notre Dame is literally 2 seconds away, chinatown a couple blocks. Old Montreal (cobble stoned street) around a couple corners...
4	Had a great 5 day stay here. After spending a lot of time at SoHo hotels for work I was a bit baffled by what I got for my money. The suite had a lofted living room, 2 bathrooms, and hardwood floors. Was a great home base during the Mutek Electronic music festival. The staff was very helpful and the bar had some good eats. Location wise, there is a metro 2 blocks away which made getting around a snap. Def recommend it.
5	My friend and I needed a weekend getaway, so I booked us two nights at the Place D'armes.  Bottom line: I have never had a hotel stay this great in my life.The hotel is beautifully decorated in a modern contemporary style that appreciates the grandeur of the three historic buildings that the hotel occupies.  Our bedroom had an exposed brick wall, great furniture, and a huge bathroom.  The wonderful toiletries were all from Rain Spa, the spa that is located at the hotel.  The hotel provides a free wine and cheese reception at 5pm each evening, and an amazing continental breakfast each morning.  There is also a terrace with a bar on the 8th floor that provides an amazing view of the Basilique Notre-Dame.I have to provide a special shout out to Rene the concierge.  Rene was our "in" with area restaurants, and his recommendations did not fail.  Also, I couldn't think of the words "bucket of ice" (seriously--I needed this vacation!) and he knew exactly what I wanted from my stammering "that thing that...yeah...I want...it's like..." and crazy hand movements.  Rene: concierge extraordinaire (or, world's best charades player).Parking was valet and attentive.  Staff was there to carry my bag, open the door, and help as needed.
5	My friend and I selected Place D'Armes for our stay in Montreal based on the hotel's website and photos.  No photos can do this place justice, and the best part is the service at the front desk as well in the restaurants.  The 2 double bed rooms are huge, wonderful windows and bathrooms.  We were here for the Montreal Marathon...so my favorite part was the relaxing rain shower.  Front desk is very helpful to English speakers and gives great suggestions for restaurants, cafes, etc.
4	I've traveled to Montreal a number of times over the years and have stayed  in several hotels there (Loews, The Ritz-Carlton, Hilton Bonaventure come to mind), but I am now a big fan of staying in Old Montreal every time I visit.  There are a number of unique hotels that have been put into old buildings or re-adapted use in the Old Montreal area, which is great (Place d'Armes, W Hotel Montreal, St. Paul Hotel, Gault, Negellian, etc.).I actually have stayed at The Place d'Armes Hotel on a couple of occasions over the past couple of years and definitely like it.  It is right across the square from the Cathedral de Notre Dame in Old Montreal, right next to the Bank of Montreal Main Bank building.  They took three seperate old buildings and renovated them into the Place d'Armes.  Very old buildings on the outside coupled with sleek and modern on the inside.Staff is pretty nice and the rooms are on the large size. I have had a King room with a separate sitting area each stay which has a very large bathroom with a huge walk-in glassed in shower with several shower heads you can use in different configurations which is nice.  There was no tub.  The interior of the room featured the bare exposed brick walls which was a nice touch and added to the old vs. new contrasts present throughout the property.  The view I have had each time overlooks the street and the square through floor to ceiling windows which is nice.  There is free wireless Internet (wi-fi) throughout the hotel, in both the common areas and guestrooms which worked very well.  The guest rooms all have a very nice office area as well with nice lighting and seating while working on your computer. The beds were very comfortable and the linens and down comforters were thick and comfortable on a very cold Montreal night.Each afternoon, they have wine and cheese in Suite 701 (their restaurant/bar) and they also serve continental breakfast here each morning which comes with the room.  The continental breakfast is pretty good, and includes a pretty large selection of breads and pastries (all usually good in Montreal!-  "Paris Jr.").  In the nights near the weekend, Suite 701 turns into a nightclub with some sort of entertainment and usually seems to be pretty busy attracting people into a busy atmosphere.  There is also a pool table on the main level and a few nice sitting areas as well.  This hotel is also good if you do not have a car, because plenty of dining and entertainment is within walking distance in Old Montreal.  Also, the Place d'Armes Metro station is a block away, as is the Montreal Exhibition Centre and an entrance to the Underground City where you will find anything else you need.  Tim Hortons and Starbucks are also right around the corner from the Hotel if you gotta have one of those.  In the summer, the hotel has a rooftop dining area/bar, but I have not yet experienced that, as it has been winter each time I stayed here.  There is also a nice spa in the hotel, Rainspa which offers several packages as well.My wife and I enjoyed staying here this time, as I did as well ton my prior visit.  Definitely a keeper!
4	I had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel Place D'armes in February of 2009 and I have to say that I was quite impressed by the quality of the hotel and service. I typically have high expectations and they were met and surpassed to a point that I took the time to write the management of the hotel a letter commending their work. Arriving at the hotel at 9am, I was able to check-in early and without any problems. Quick, courteous and painless... that's how it should be. The hotel itself takes up 3 interconnected buildings located in the historic Old Port and literally a stone throw away from the Notre Dame Basilica. All the restaurants, shops and sights in Old Port are within a 5-minute walk, an enjoyable walk too I might add! Ambience is more on the intimate side with many nooks and crannies where one could sit down to read a book, have a conversation or even play a round of pool. In a few words, the hotel is refined, sophisticated but not in a snobby kind of way. Imagine that you're in your own trendy apartment... a very spacious apartment. On to the room! I stayed in a deluxe room decorated in brick and dark wood motif paired with a superb king-sized bed and comfortable sofa pullout. Very clean and definitely conveys a sense of style. Your usual amenities are there as well including a mini-bar.What takes the cake here is the simply amazing bathroom with a stand alone tub, massive shower with rain shower head, and complimentary toiletries from the in-house Rain Spa. I could seriously live in that bathroom...Other comments:Excellent continental breakfast in the hotel bistro provides a chic way to start your day off and you can certainly finish it off in the evening when the same space is transformed to an ultralounge.Certainly not the cheapest place to stay in Old Port but the Hotel D'armes provides the discerning traveler with a boutique hotel at tremendous value.
4	i fell in love with this hotel during my last visit to montreal. although it is pricey, i think for a special occasion, it is more than worthwhile to book a suite at the hotel place d'armes. the room is spectacular, complete with arched windows, turn down service, a gas fireplace, chocolates on the pillows. but the star of the room is undeniably the bathroom. that tub is to die for. soak in the whirlpool and pour in some of the provided bath salts and let the world melt away. the rain shower is also a treat.the service at the hotel was impeccable. asking for more towels (yeah, i liked the bathroom that much), or for room service menus was never a problem. the concierge also went out of their way to provide a beautiful 30th birthday cake for my husband and his best friend, already in the room upon our arrival. they made restaurant reservations for us without any issue, and in between dining and sight seeing we very much enjoyed playing some pool and watching sports events in their fancy rec room. the bar staff at the hotel was also very helpful and friendly, recommending other places where we might find a rowdy crowd to enjoy some pre-game. overall a very nice stay, and needless to say i'm pretty spoiled for the next time that i stay in a hotel.
4	Awesome location, beautiful room, and jets in the tub! The staff is very friendly. Free Wi-Fi. The only con was that when I stayed there was a LOT of construction in the neighborhood. I really can't add too much to the other reviews here - I highly recommend it for a romantic getaway to Montreal!
4	My wife and I needed a weekend get away. So, we decided to make the drive up to Montreal. Choosing to stay at the Place D'Armes was such a great decision. It was a comfortable, reasonably priced hotel, in a fantastic location in Old Montreal. The hotel is right by the Notre Dame Basilica and super close to the Place D'Armes metro stop. The really nice touches were the complimentary cocktails, comfy bed, jetted tub, as well as the friendly and attentive staff. I only gave it four stars because the room, at least the one we stayed in, could have used a fresh coat of paint, and some minor cosmetic and structural updates. All in all, a wonderful stay. Highly recommended!
4	Came across this hotel when looking to go to Montreal for a weekend getaway. The hotel is beautiful and could almost be mistaken for an older apartment building from the outside. It truly matches the Old Montreal area and gives you the feel that your in Europe. Given the outside look, I was surprised to see how amazing the rooms were.  Half of the walls in the hotel room were brick and the room itself was huge. It had all the elements of a luxury room while keeping its boutique feel. The staff was excellent, though the language barrier was tough at times. The location of the hotel is perfect in that is only 3 blocks away from rue saint paul street where all the French restaurants are. Truly a great hotel and I would definitely stay there again.
4	My wife and I planned a vacation to visit Montreal, QC for the first time. We had friends that lived there locally we stayed with for a couple days. Our last night there I had planned a special night in the old part of town and booked a room here. This place leaves a big impression on you. Just from the decor on the inside of the hotel, bar, and lounge areas it is very classy and modern. I found a deal on http://www.sniqueaway.com and was able to get a Junior Suite for $165 US for the night we stayed there. The room was the nicest room my wife and I had ever stayed in. It was like a NYC studio apartment. The bathroom was huge and had the best jacuzzi tub we had ever used before. It also had a walk in shower with an overhead rainfall shower head. The Spa located in the hotel provided the bath salts, shampoos, body washes etc. all of it my wife thoroughly enjoyed. She didn't want to leave the room. Luckily this hotel is in the heart of the old part of Montreal, cobblestone streets everywhere and Notre Dame right across the street. We wanted to check in early that morning, but they said the rooms would not be ready until the normal check in of 3pm. Even at that point we still had to wait for our room to be ready. They gave us two complimentary drinks at their nice bar/lounge and the room was ready around 3:30. They also then gave us two more complimentary coupons which I believe is part of every ones stay there. Wi-Fi was also provided, not sure if it was a Junior Suite option or every room has it available.Wonderful hotel although expensive it was worth it for our trip and we would stay there again if we found another deal on a Junior suite.
5	Spent a night here last week in a Junior Sweet and was blown away. Gorgeous room, free standing tub, and king size bed.Located in picturesque old Montreal and close to shopping, bars and business district.Will stay here again.Tip: We got a great deal on a junior suite from Expedia.
5	We just checked into this hotel, and it's beautiful!  The front desk staff were so nice and friendly.  We're staying in an Executive Suite, so we expect niceness, but it's more than expected.  When we entered our room, our fireplace was already turned on for us - so was the music.  I'm going to enjoy staying here so much---I'm so spoiled!!!
5	We loved this place.. Great location.. Excellent, knowledgeable staff and wonderful rooms. Only drawback was that the room was a tad dark..
5	Wow, absolutely fantastic hotel. Perhaps we just lucked out with the view; we had a corner room overlooking the square and were just stunned by the beauty. The room has a lot of more old-world charm but is VERY modern too--they've done an amazing job of balancing the two.  The rates were reasonable, and the staff were extremely helpful. Unfortunately didn't get to try the rooftop bar because of the weather.
3	Stayed in a superior King room.  It was okay.  Old building, nice details, etc etc, but I guess nothing wowed me.  Our room was poorly insulated from exterior noise, so we heard every fire truck (fire station was nearby) and every construction drill that went off (at 7am, Friday and Saturday mornings).  Plus I felt like I was afraid to touch anything in the room because they might charge me for it.  No complimentary tea or coffee either.  For the money they charge, I thought this was kind of cheap.On the o ther hand, the location is pretty nice, it's clean and comfortable, and the terrace is nice.
4	Great hotel, especially for the price. Good location, friendly and helpful staff. Nothing really to complain about as far as I'm concerned. It doesn't get a 5 only because I reserve that for phenomenal places.  Gotta like a place with free WiFi.
4	Yes, this place can be pricey but it was a great stay in Montreal.  We paid ~ $750 for three week nights in October.  Location:  Fabulous because it was near the quaint old town area with plenty of areas to stroll through and pick up breakfast.  1 block away from the metro stop and about 3 blocks from China Town.  About 5 blocks from the water front and Archeology museum.  Service:  Very friendly and tried to be professional but some odd answers to my questions.   They seemed to always try to sell their own restaurant whenever we wanted suggestions from the concierge...even when we asked to find St.Viateur for their famous bagels.  I also tried to get a room with a good view - one of the customer service reps said she would try, since the rooms were not ready when we arrived.  But then another service rep looked at her and mumbled something in French... She then said that our room does have a good view and then within the same sentence, said that really, there were not good views in this hotel.  Then, our toilet had very low water pressure so I called the front desk who said they would relocate us to another room. 15 minutes later, after frantically packing our things, a guy comes up to the room and says no other rooms are available and they would fix it in the a.m.   "A" for effort but "C" for the odd answers and possibly... lack of experience? Rooms:  Loved the brick walls and hard wood floors INSIDE the rooms - a lot of personality with very high ceilings.  Big bathroom with full bath.  Good blow dryer in the room, iron and board, umbrella, robes, iphone/ipod dock on radio.  Bed was a bit firm for me (I am soft biased) but otherwise comfy.  Fitness room:  small but my husband said was good enough - had cardio machines and weights.  We received a free drink voucher for their restaurant upon checkin.  Our friends also stayed in the hotel and opted to buy package deal that included 4 free metro passes and coupons... not sure how much more they spent but they also got a bigger room.
5	Stayed here for two nights. Got a pretty good deal on this hotel and was extremely pleased with the stay. The staff was extremely friendly, the room (superior king) was amazing, maybe the best I've ever stayed in and the hotel was centrally located in Old Montreal. Could not recommend this hotel highly enough and will definitely be going back on future visits.
5	I stayed here for a weekend in January for my birthday and the hotel was absolutely beautiful.  We had a superior king room and it was large with high ceilings, exposed brick, a faux fireplace, and a gorgeous bathroom.  The bathrooms in many upscale hotels (St. Regis, W) are generally tiny and unequipped and uninviting.  This bathroom was the complete opposite - showering, getting ready, and washing up were honestly pleasant experiences.  From the rainshower to the flatteringly-lit mirror to the amenities, the bathroom was the highlight of the room IMO.  I have to say I was hoping for a standalone tub, which I know the junior and exec suites have, but I was just being greedy.The service at the hotel is worth noting.  The hotel knew from our booking that it was my birthday, and when we first got to the room, there was a bottle of sparkling wine and a plate of chocolate covered strawberries and a card from the hotel team wishing me a happy birthday.  This sort of touch makes all the difference.  Every night we were brought bottles of water and chocolates with the turn-down service.  Again, these are things I feel like most upscale hotels skimp on, but the Place D'Armes didn't.  Coming home from an entire day out walking the city to a chocolates and complimentary bottles of water (and an awesome bathroom) really does make an impact.  It shows an attentiveness to the needs of travelers in a way most other hotels say they do but there's nothing to really show for it.I would 100% stay here again during my next trip to Montreal and highly, highly recommend Hotel Place D'Armes.PS - they also gave us vouchers for complimentary cocktails at the hotel bar but since we were only there for two days and had a lot to see, we were unable to use them.  Just another example of the awesome service and ambiance!
5	This is truly one of my favorite hotels... We drove from NYC to Montreal on a last minute two day trip and lucked out with this hotel, it was literally the last room available in the city.  First off, the decor and service is absolutely amazing... fireplace, spotless bathroom with rain shower head, and I wanted to take home the bedding (that's how comfortable I was!).  The staff was very accommodating... we came to Montreal for a concert, and they were able to make great suggestions for a great french restaurant and a cool reggae bar/lounge nearby.  The hotel also has a complimentary buffet breakfast and a rooftop with great views.  If you are in Montreal you must stay here... or at least stop by and hang out at the bar or rooftop lounge.  Beware though, the bar did have some seedy characters.  Think Duece Bigalow euro style!
3	We stayed here for 4 nights during the marillion weekend. For every plus we found, we found two minuses. Pros:Hotel lobby itself is gorgeousStaff were friendly/accommodatingClose to lots of sights/subway systemNice bedCons:Our room key didn't work when we first checked in and we had to wait about 45 minutes. (We were given free cocktails while we waited at least)Our room key somehow got deactivated again on our last nightTINY roomThey tried charging us for local calls we never madeShowerhead and shower door were both broken/causing a flooded bathroomTwo picture frames in room were also broken on the wallsHouse-keeping comes anywhere between noon-5pm which is super inconvenient Even three floors up from the Suite701 nightclub, the floor would shake and one could hear the "thump, thump, douche, douche, douche" music until 4am...The restaurants in the hotel are insanely expensive and don't even look at the prices for the mini-bar...*8 dollars for a bottle of water*We ordered breakfast once but no real bed in breakfast trays and room only had one chair that couldn't fit in desk as the bed took up the entire room so was again inconvenient.We asked for mountain view and were given room with city view which wouldn't be a con except that it faced the fire station/busy intersections and people in Montreal love to honk their horns at all hours of the night.
4	Rooms are nice.  Didn't clean my room until 9:00 pm.  After I complained twice
1	This is a bad review for Place D'Armes in Montreal. I NEVER write reviews, so here goes. I booked 2 nights at the Place D'Armes in Montreal through Jetsetter. BUT, I had meant to book 3 nights.  I realized my mistake immediately and tried to secure the extra night when we checked in. The gentleman at the front desk had to go speak to his manager and came back with this:  the hotel was fully booked for that third night,  we could get on their waiting list, we would have to pay full fare-not the Jetsetter discount price, and they would let us know. 2 days later, no one has gotten back to us--we looked online and discovered that they aren't sold out and we could get a discount price--so we booked another hotel as it irritated me. Paying customers are in your lobby and you choose to blow them off while still offering rooms online at a lower rate than what you offer those chumps in the lobby, while putting them on an imaginary "waiting list" that you never get back to them about, again, ever?  The hotel is great, the service staff is very good and courteous--I question the management and their policies. Oh, and the WIFI is sporadic at best.
4	This is a beautiful hotel and the location is very good (although the street itself is busy and not particularly picturesque). The staff could not have been friendlier, including perfect (and kind) english. Wi-fi is free, which is always a plus (seems pretty standard in Canada, but definitely not at similar hotels in the US). The room was charming with exposed brick, lovely comfortable bed and pillows/duvet, large bathroom with nice amenities. The room was on the small side (just big enough for the queen bed, a large desk/minibar, and a single comfy chair), but big enough for two. Robes and even an umbrella provided for use. We were on the seventh floor above the bar/club and didn't get any noise (we didn't use our comp drink coupon, either - wish we could have used it for the mini-bar!). The room was well-appointed with liquor and wine/beer and other items (just very very pricey). We got the room for a decent price (relative to this hotel and also others like it), but everything else is extra - parking, plus tips to bring ice (no machine to serve yourself), bags, retrieve your car. It just gets tiresome, plus the waiting involved. If you are, like me, a self-serve kind of person, brace yourself (and plan ahead with enough small bills!).
1	We stayed at the hotel during the Canada Day weekend. We paid over 1,000 for the Executive suite for two nights for our first trip after our wedding. When we checked in they gave us the suite on second floor ( be careful when u get second floor room later on). First day seems pretty happy, we loved the hugh space and location. Then on the second night nightmare came. We need to have a good rest in order to drive long time for the next day, however, there were two parties going on in the hotel, ground floor. One party room is right underneath  or sounds like right beside our bedroom...the loud bass and music literally keep us all awake! feels like you are having a party at your own house!  I called the hotel and all they can say is sorry- no compensation mentioned or anything at all. They said the hotel is full so cant change room-they should mention at first about the possible noise from the private party. We were here for taking a break from busy work with family! And we booked the Executive Suite! Shouldnt have such bad treat/ experience!
4	We had quite an enjoyable stay at this hotel. The staff was consistently friendly and helpful and our room was large,and nice, the bed while a bit stiff delivered a surprisingly nice night's sleep.If there was any complaint it is that the air conditioning has a minimum setting of 71 degrees. In other words if you want it cooler than that, you're out of luck. Not usually a problem in Montreal, but we were there during the summer hot & humid season and really would have liked to be able to drop the temperature in the room to a more comfortable 68. A highlight, at least in our room, was the bathroom. It was huge, with a stand alone large tub with jets and a large 2 person shower stall that featured a second "rain" shower head.2 example of the great service: - It was 11:55pm. We hadn't had dinner and were starved. We called room service and discovered the kitchen was about to close - they close at midnight - "but of course we will hold it open to make our meal." The problem was I couldn't find the room service menu. The man on the phone apologized for the lack of menu and said he would bring it right up. 1 minute later he is at the room, menu in hand and politely asks if he can wait at the door so that he may take our order as soon as we are ready. This gentleman was maybe 23 years old but had the demure, polished manners of a true professional. We ordered, he left and less than 15 minutes later he returned with a fantastic meal arrived. Note: The lobster wrap was huge and had at least a tail's worth of lobster plus large shrimps and at least a half-avocado in there.- A neighboring business down the alley from the hotel is a newspaper. For whatever reason they decided that 1am was a good time to demolish pallets in the alley. Not a quiet proposition. We called the front desk and the gentleman there told us in no uncertain terms he would take care of it. 3 minutes later the banging has stopped and the next morning we wake up to a voice mail from the hotel manager apologizing profusely and offering to buy us both breakfast.The only down sides I can mention are the non-room service restaurants on-premise. One is "Suite 701" which was so loud and crowded each time we checked it would have been impossible to have a conversation at full yell, and the plates I scoped out looked thoroughly unappealing (unlike every other restaurant we ate at in Montreal!). The second place was the terrace on the 8th floor. While the view is nice this location is reserved for the under 25 see and be seen set. The music is so loud you could never hold a conversation, and the staff is practiced in the art of "ignoring the unimportant" which, again would include anybody over 25. Lastly is the Sushi place. This place is staffed by obnoxious waiters, who clearly get their cue from the unfriendly manager. We arrived here a half hour before they closed with the place was 2/3rds full and hopping, the kitchen going full steam and waiters coming out of the kitchen with trays of food and the sushi bar prepping. The waiter had us wait, went to the manager who looked at us and literally turned to the waiter and gestured for him to shoo us away. "No dinner for you!"We had some fantastic meals and excellent service at a number of restaurants around Montreal, but for whatever reason these 3 restaurants associated with the hotel just are very sub-par. Luckily its made up by great room service, nice rooms and quality staff..
4	What a charming and fabulous hotel in old Montreal.... The rooms are really cozy and well kept, I loved the style. Hotel staff was friendly and helpful, and the location was flawless in the heart of old Montreal. I liked that it was a quiet and comfortable hotel. I'll be back next time I am in Montreal..
5	Stayed in the Junior Suite for the long Labor Day weekend. The hotel's location was spot on great, right next to the Notre Dame Basilica in Old Montreal. Check in was a breeze with a bit of a wait while our rooms were being prepared (we were about an hour early for check in anyway).The hotel people were super nice and accommodating (even going as far as to help me open my duck in a can from Au Pied de Cochon that we ordered out of one night).One small set back was the water jet in the soaking tub did not work (that or I have no idea how to operate). but that wasn't a huge deal.The hotel and room itself is beautiful and nicely appointed. I would definitely stay there again the next time I'm in Montreal.
3	This was one dark hotel!! Our room was super dark, even with all the lights on! The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was clean. The cookie/popcorn service wasn't punctual (it came with the package we bought). Guest Services asked what time it should be served, we said 7:00 pm - it came after 8:00. That being said, housekeeping was great. They turned downed the kids bed (later than we requested) but did a very nice job. They were also very understanding when they got the 10:00 pm call to change our pillows and blankets for hypoallergenic (the hubby requested it when he booked the room).The gym was nice and clean - also super air conditioned. The jacuzzi was nice but a bit cheaply made (the drain never stopped running, even with the stopper down). The auto clean scared the hell out of us.  I am more of a Four Seasons' girl, but this is a nice option - the location was great. Very centrally located.
5	Fantastic staff and a gorgeous room.
4	Fantastic boutique hotel in the heart of the city. Staff was extremely friendly, and changed my room when they saw I was displeased with the first choice without a charge. Be prepared as rooms are a bit smaller than a chain hotel as this is a converted building, but for those of us used to boutiques this is a normal situation.The restaurant in the morning makes a great breakfast, and turns into a pretty trendy bar at night so on a cold winter you don't have to leave the hotel for fun. When I come back to Montreal this will be my first choice
4	Really nice smaller hotel in the heart of old montreal. Great walking access to old montreal, notre dame, the metro, etc. My room was huge with a great shower. Service  at the front desk/concierge were great. Clean, modern rooms. Came for a conference and the food was pretty decent as well. I would agree that in general, the lighting scheme is a bit darker than other hotels and prob a bit on the pricy side overall but definitely nice.
5	What I liked:- Best hotel bed I have ever slept in - firm, mattress doesn't bounce, soft pillows - just perfect for me- Very spacious room with exposed brick wall, fire place, DVD player- Gigantic bathroom- Friendly and helpful serviceAreas for improvement:- The house keeping service was a bit late - after 2 pm.- Very spacious shower and enormous shower head promised an excellent experience. The limited water pressure didn't deliver on this promise. - No heating in the bathroom - something that you would notice in fall/winter :). We kept the washroom door open to let warm air from the room in but it didn't help much.- No coffee/tea maker in the room (fire hazard considerations?). Overall, a great experience.
