5	As a disclaimer, it has been three and a half years since I've been there--the banner for Yelp UK got me browsing in Edinburgh, and I realized I should post this.  Hopefully folks living there now will visit and post a more updated review.Boda was as much of a local as I had for the three months I lived just off the Walk.  It's relaxed and friendly, with a cozy atmosphere of pillows in the window seats and candles on the tables.The only drawback is that--being such a great place for a chill evening with a few friends--the small bar is easy to fill up, and it's no place to be just standing around.  Get there early and enjoy a unique pub in Edinburgh.
5	Although I consider Victoria my "local", this bar is only one block further down Leith walk and owned by the same people - so it takes home a decent slice of my monthly wage too.As with Victoria, it offers a great range of beers and odd-ball Swedish snacks at decent prices. The atmosphere is realxed, the customers are friendly and the bar is nicely decorated.  I know some people would consider it expensive for Leith Walk, but considering that you require a stab-vest to even walk past some of the other pubs on the Walk I think an extra 50p per drink is justified ( I am of course exaggerating, the other pubs arent really dangerous, just full of chavs).Great bar all round!
4	As well as Victoria, another little treasure in Leith is Bar Boda on Leith Walk.  This little pub is cosy, comfy and the perfect place to escape the madness that is Leith Walk.  Unlike other bars in this area, this place doesn't hold dodgy karaoke nights thankfully and the other customers aren't looking for any trouble, just a quiet pint catching up with friends.  The only thing I can criticise about this place is the size.  It has very limited seating and is a popular hot spot especially on Friday and Saturday nights after work so get there early or be prepared to hang about and wait for a table.  Definitely worth a go though if you're wanting a nice relaxed night with friends.
4	This little quirky Swedish bar is a great place to have as your local, it used to be mine and I still pop in now and then. Drinks are very reasonably priced, and the atmosphere is friendly and welcoming. I love the decorations dotted around the place and hanging from the ceiling. Although it often has a buzz, it isn't overly loud so is an ideal place to chill out with friends. I've personally noted a studenty clientele but my friend disagrees - so a generally mixed bunch.
5	I love this bar and the sister bars Hemma, Joseph Pearce, Sofi's and Victoria and have been visiting them quite often i love the fact that all of them have different characters and yet still feel all comfortable and pleasing in different ways. They're part of the Swedish Revolutionary Bar chain that encompasses Joseph Pearce, Boda, Victoria (on Leith Walk) and Sofi's (Henderson Street) and you will mostly find that the people are lively and friendly. They serve their OWN cider - IDUNS!!  It is like visiting an friends house and finding out something wonderful has happened - they keep reinventing the place with special evenings and charity days and evenings or even whole months! A true gem on the Walk!
4	My lovely local... If a bar was a big, comforting (alcoholic) hug - it would be called Boda!  Nice selection of booze, good tunes, and love their showcasing of local artist's work.Oooohhhh, and they do a free mezze on Friday 5-7pm... All about the cheese people!See you there!
3	This is run by the same group who own Sofi's, Joseph Pearce and Victorias( You will see the similarities in decor) I love Sofi's, however Boda seems a little more downmarket. We may have chosen to go on the wrong night as their was a student fancy dress party in full swing ( they have a room around the back end of the bar, which looks like it caters for small parties). We went for a  quiet drink but was too loud and crowded for us and stayed for a couple drinks. Nice inside and worth going to but i think if you get the chance go to one of the others, as they seem a bit more refined!
3	Really cool place, not quite as "well developed" as Joesph Pearces, Hemma or Victoria's (those three and Sofi's are part of a wonderful group of bars you should check them all out really)! Black Isle on tap is a bonus if you like that kind of thing!Now, here is a little brain teaser,,,, there is a giant shark in the bar, do tell me if you spot it. But there is also a little rhinoceros, can you tell what makes it unique?
4	A small trendy bar on the Leith walk, Good drinks, good food and great friendly staff.
3	Oh Boda my Boda, what has turned my love for you?! I still find the smallest sibling of the five a joy to visit, but I feel that better ones are out there. Yes, you may be the first and made a difference in your days, but it comes over to me that you got to grow up. Maybe not in size, allow me to say that size doesn't matter. Where you could grow is in fashion, a bit off blushing here and there. A new dress. A wax perhaps to clean up those unsightly areas?Don't get me wrong, I am a very nostalgic person and keeping the features that endeared me so much is usually a good thing, but in this instance a make over could do wonders. New furniture, more light inside and create a roomier back room. Keep the Friday smorgasbord that is great! The idea of flavoured vodkas isn't new but novel enough. The real ale splurge hasn't passed you by, thank you. You can make more out of this tiny place to make your younger but more popular siblings proud.I certainly believe that a but of effort will go a long way. Boda, you are still on my favourite list though
3	Fun pub on Leith Walk with a good range of beverages behind the bar, albeit at city centre prices. Plenty of boardgames to while away a slow afternoon with too.
5	Really nice wee bar on leith walk. The atmosphere is very chilled, the staff are friendly and the music is good. Drinks selection is decent with black isle on tap.
