5	Luke is the best!  As a first time home buyer, I had no clue what I was doing when I decided to buy a house.  Luke Wielgot walked me through the process with a positive attitude and patience.  I have a great rate and now have my very first home and I definitely couldn't have done it without Luke and the team at Academy.
5	I highly recommend working with Alex and Luke at Academy Mortgage. They were quick to respond to any questions or concerns and did a great job of walking us through the steps, very important for first time home buyers. I was really impressed the first time I spoke with Alex on the phone. He called me about a half hour after my realtor made the reference, got all the information needed, and we had a good sense of what we could qualify for that day. Our official prequalification came through about a week later. All in all, very professional. In the bidding process, we faced competition from all-cash buyers. Thanks to Alex and Luke putting in a good word for us with the sellers' realtors, we were competitive, and ending up winning bids for our top choice houses. They do everything electronically, which made the process of signing/reviewing all the documents very easy. The loan terms/fees were easy to understand.
5	Christine Brackman from Academy Mortgage was extremely friendly and genuinely cared about my experience buying a house. She was extremely personable and made me feel comfortable and confident in every aspect of the process. I couldn't have asked for a better experience. In addition, her assistant Greg was very resourceful, and provided many updates, as well as answered all of my MANY questions. They made a great team, and I am so happy I was able to work with them.
5	Great company!  Luke and Alex exceeded my expectations during our loan process.  They were attentive, professional and worked hard to get us the best rate.  I would highly recommend using Academy Mortgage Corporation.
5	My experience with Dean Wegner and his colleagues at Academy Mortgage was absolutely exceptional from start to finish! Dean kept me well informed during my loan process and he found a loan that suited my unique needs. (I had a short sale 4 years ago.) He was always available and made sure I understood the whole process and answered my questions thoroughly and timely. The personalized videos of my loan's progress was fabulous. I loved them and they are so unique and I have never seen anything like them. Dean is amazing and I be back when I have any other mortgage needs and I will also refer anyone who will listen how great I was treated and how satisfied I am with my loan. Thanks much for everything!
1	I sold my home as an FSBO, my buyers loan officer was Robert Smith of Academy Mortgage.  He has been the least attentive, and poorest communicator I have worked with.  The process started on Sep 8th, and he does not have his buyer out of under writing,  details.  We are attempting to coordinate a sell/buy together, and while all other parties are working towards the final dates, Robert continues to delay and miscommunicate status, details, dates, and financial numbers.  My loan process started a week and a half after my buyers, and I am alreadyin title, awaiting Robert to complete his job.  We scheduled movers, cleaners, etc based on one communication from Robert, and then a week later he changed his story, costing us resceduling fees amd time delayIf your buyer wants to use Academy, ask them to get qualified from a more reputable agency.  If you need a loan, they should be your last choice.
5	As an experienced Realtor I know a great lender is a crucial part of the buying and selling process.  That is why Joe Edwards is my go to guy.  Joe works hard delivering tools and solutions for achieving homeownership.  He is  knowledgeable, helpful, and goes above and beyond to make the loan process a pleasant experience.  I'm confident that if it can be done Joe will make it happen.
