5	there must be crack in this yogurt. or some kind of addictive substance. i. cannot. get. enough. the taste is SO rich... and detailed. lot's of froyo places you kinda get used to the flavor being "light"... well, you feel like you are having a major indulgence with this place. and also the array of toppings is genius! you cannot leave without at least SAMPLING the cake batter and peanut butter. Sign me up. Wish we had one of these in NYC. maybe i will open my own...
4	love golden spoon!  my favorite flavor is cake batter with granola... don't jump the gun and order something, because they let you sample a little spoon full if your not sure.  just a heads up, the smallest size packs a lot!   don't thing the smallest cup isn't enough because the next size up is enough for two.i ordered a small because i thought the mini was too small, but the small ended up being too big... i was totally shocked at the amount i got in that small cup and had a stomach ache from an overdose of lactose...  it really is good for 2 if you can't stomach the whole thing.  this locations is kind of hidden in the alberson's plaza on blue diamond... surrounded by a bunch of closed shops.  it's never full.. and the servers are very friendly.they can clean up a little more.. wipe down the tables..all in all, the yogurt is good.. and the areas where the toppings and yogurt are kept look well kept!  i'm very glad we have a golden spoon near by!
1	What's with the good ratings?  Vanilla flavor was the worse I've ever had.   Brownies were hard and crunchy?!  Yes, crunchy, and stale, as if it were out and a week old.  Yuck!  Never going back even if it was free.
5	Great yogurt! I think I'm here once a week.
5	The yogurt is good (I had the cake batter and graham cracker combo), the toppings are plentiful (let's hear it for mini white chocolate chips), the prices are decent. The actual product I would give 3 1/2 stars. The reason this place gets 5 stars is because of Michael. From the start Michael couldn't have been more welcoming, more courteous or more helpful. He gave me all his favorite suggestions and first offered us as many samples as we wanted. I had to try the chocolate malt (one of Michael's favorites) and the graham cracker. My mom was asking questions about which flavors were gluten free. Michael said he was kind of new (been working there only a few weeks) but he would be happy to look through all the nutrition facts and see. Mom is a very low maintenance gal (thank the Lord)  and said she was happy to look through it herself. He made my kids ice cream look amazing (my son's ice cream looked like it had gummy worms crawling in and out of it...much to his delight). Overall I would  go there if I was in the neighborhood...but because of the outstanding and professional job Michael did...I will go out of my way to give this Golden Spoon my business. Keep up the good work :)
4	What is there to say? If you've been to one Golden Spoon, you've been to them all. This kind-of remote location (remote for those of us who live in the middle of the city; not for you Blue Diamond/Southern Highlands types) is a bit hard to find, as it's in the street-side corner of a sprawling, faceless shopping center, but that aside, once you do find it, inside you'll find the usual selection of (mostly fat-free) frozen yogurt and toppings galore.I personally like Golden Spoon's fro-yo better than those self-serve joints. It seems richer and fuller, and slightly less sweet. Plus, I don't mind having someone else fill up my cup. Speaking of which, don't let the size names deceive you. The "small" is really a pretty good heaping more akin to what you'd expect a "medium" to be -- I typically can't finish more than a "mini."Golden Spoon also offers one of those punch cards to earn free yogurt, and if you're anything like me, they fill up FAST. :)
5	What can I say about this beautiful remote store. The service is excellent and the yogurt is delicious! Don't forget the plentiful toppings galore. Candies to nuts, and everything inbetween.  So many wonderful combinations to be made.  Let's not forget the wonderful employees that provide such excellent service. Everytime I go it's like watching the artist make their masterpiece for my tummy to enjoy. It makes me happy to know that each employee is so clean and friendly. In my opinion it's great looks and great service in a welcoming atmosphere.
5	Just like the Warning sticker on the window says "Highly ADDICTIVE" . this place is awesome , from the amazing customer service to the product it self. Golden Spoon is one of the most family friendly and cleanest establishments I've been to in town. I'm always greeted with a warm welcome and a smile even if there's a line out the door, and they make sure to take there time with every customer making sure they get everything they want, and they wash their hands after each customer!! :) all in all this place is awesome and i recommend it to everyone i meet !
3	We almost gave up on finding this ultra-small yogurt shop. There is no parking directly in front of the store, and no signage from the parking lot to direct you to the place. We only found it by taking a chance on following a man who had two small girls walking with him. Once inside, we enjoyed our selections of frozen yogurt. They were delicious.
5	I heart Golden Spoon!  They have the best tasting, best consistency fro-yo in my opinion.  Better than the self serve joints that I also frequent =)My favorite thing to get is half chocolate, half cake batter.  A small is actually pretty large, so I like to go for just the mini size if I'm not sharing with anyone.This particular location is in the Albertson's shopping center on Blue Diamond and Decatur.  The place itself is eh (I really hate white fluorescent lighting!) but its clean and the service is normally friendly (and they are usually generous with their servings!).  It's never ever crowded.  I normally go at night, so there is usually no one there.  There are some nice seating areas outside where you can watch the cars go by on Blue Diamond.  It's nice to sit out there on a beautiful summer night while enjoying your frozen treat.
4	I really like this Golden Spoon location. There's one up the street from me (Durango/Warm Springs), but I still prefer to go to this one. The team members are always very friendly and it never seems to be that busy. They even have some tables outside if you want to eat out there. It's surrounded by a bunch of bushes so you aren't in the eye of all the traffic going by, but you can still watch what's going on across the street. Today, I happened to witness some teenagers doing a beer run at Walgreens, so that was exciting. I'm not usually a fan of froyo places that aren't self serve, but this is one place that I can't stop going to. The portions are pretty large for the sizes and prices. I normally get a small (around $3.70) because you can pick 4 flavors + in that size, but it's still too much for me to finish. If you get a mini you can choose up to two flavors, but of course, I always want at least 3. Today I got the mango tart, peanut butter, and chocolate. They were all so flavorful and the consistency was probably the best I've had in the past two months of froyo shop hopping. It's always so creamy and smooth. Unlike a lot of other froyo shops, their yogurt doesn't melt right away because the temperature is set perfectly. If you mix the chocolate and peanut butter, it's almost like having a frozen Reese's peanut butter cup (I gotta try that). This is probably the only frozen yogurt place that I ever get anything other than tart flavors without any toppings at all because it's just so damn good.
4	Yogurt places are popping up all over town, seems they are becoming more popular than ice cream.  Is the theory that it's healthier for you is true?  If you add all the tempting items you can, the calories ends up being the same.  If you only eat the yogurt, than you might have met a healthier end.  But then, it's just yogurt.Here you get to tell them what size you want, what flavor you want, and then what toppings to add. Other places allow you to measure out the amount of yogurt and you spoon on the amount of toppings.  Difference is small, unless you want excessive amounts of toppings.The flavors of the yogurt they offer are good, and they even offer a "no sugar" flavor, with a small amount of nuts, I don't feel as guilty when I ordered.
5	I love the Golden Spoon. I always get chocolate and peanut butter with rainbow sprinkles and hot fudge. This location wasn't too far off the freeway on our way home from Vegas back to LA. Makes the perfect snack for the ride through the dessert.
4	Not much to say really.  It's a froyo shop.  I'm old fashioned and like chocolate and vanilla in a waffle cone.  Makes me feel like a happy kid again.  I like them a lot and it's a nice convenient place to get to when i'm leaving Exploration park just up the road on buffalo and blue diamond.
5	Best fro yo in town! Best selection of flavors and best texture to the fro yo. My daughter likes the ability to get a cone as well. The staff is helpful and they always have coupons to use!
4	Tucked away in the shopping center off of Blue Diamond/Decatur is a little gem called Golden Spoon. A tiny place to enjoy a combination of flavors and toppings. Service was done so with a smile. After the cashier saw the logo on my ATM card he asked if I was a CCSD employee and I got a discount for being so, now that's an extra treat. Only a few tables to sit inside so I would plan on enjoying your yogurt outside on the benches or taking it to go. With this hot weather upon us, I will be back!
4	I love frozen yogurt ! Golden Spoon is one of my favorite spots and this one is a great location.My all time favorite is mint. Each time before certain holidays, they bring out my favorite flavor and make it festive (i.e. St. Patty's Mint, St. Nick's Mint, etc.). I feel like I hit the jackpot when I head in on a regular day and I see a mint flavor on the menu. If I luck out then there are plenty of other GREAT flavors. Cafe Latte is pretty awesome and duh- cake batter!Golden spoon isn't a froyo place where you handle the yogurt and toppings, but sometimes it's nice to have froyo the old fashioned way.What's great about this particular location is there's a coffee shop, and a cafe rio all nearby. Sometimes I like to stop by before heading to the Albertson's to juice me up before I go shopping. There aren't many places to sit here but they do have an sitting area outside (but who can eat outside during the summer) Plus, the staff here is super friendly !Don't forget your stamp card!
5	This is the absolute best frozen yogurt in town. I am not a fan of yogurt but I can eat this stuff, it is tasty, not too sour and they always have the best flavors. The red velvet, root beer and banana are highly recommended! I LOVE ALL the employees that work there, they are always so kind and they actually remember you and what flavors you like. I am a Loyal Spooner
2	I am trying to figure out why there are so many good reviews ... I hadn't been to golden spoon in years so when I moved over into the neighborhood I figured I would check this one out . It's tucked in the corner of the shopping center so  I went here in search of a simple chocolate flavor with sprinkles and peanuts. What I got was a very skimpy pile of chocolate yogurt with a table spoon of each topping I was not impressed ... And on top of that the girl that was working needed a serious attitude adjustment .. Maybe I am just use to the self yogurt places.
5	What?? 5 stars?? Who gives a frozen yogurt chain 5 stars?  Before you judge me, let me state my case.First time coming here was after a MNF game we watched at The Silverton Casino, with some friends.  There were 5 or 6 of us and we got there 10 minutes before they closed.  The guy serving us was friendly.  We asked him to take a picture of our group and then we'd leave.  He took 2 pictures, one of our group and one of himself.  Instant respect in my book.  We had the Salted Caramel.  Not carmel... but caramel, with fruity pebbles on top.I have been here a few times since.  And have never had a bum dessert.  From Pumpkin, cake batter to the standard chocolate and vanilla with sprinkles.
5	Great Frozen Yogurt! You get a lot of Ice Cream for your money! If you are into the pumpkin flavored holiday season then definitely try the Pumpkin Pie flavor.We went in here around 9:30 at night and the girl working was really nice and patient with us. It was our first time so we were kinda slow. I got a small Pumpkin Pie with graham and coconut. It was delicious! Perfect texture didn't taste overly cold like some places do. It was very creamy and smooth.Recommend this place to everyone. Must try at least once.
4	Really good, quality stuff!I usually get the seasonal flavors, and this visit it was Pumpkin Pie and Passionfruit Sorbet. They were not mixed! That would not be good. I really liked the sorbet, which I haven't tried before. Pumpkin is always good, and I can't wait to see what they have for Christmas!
4	If Golden Spoon and Yogurtland got into a MMA fight, Golden Spoon would demolish and rip Yogurtland's face off. Although you don't get the freedom of self-serve, the quality of the yogurt is superior in taste and texture. First, the yogurt is creamier and maintained it's luscious figure. The vanilla custard was good but I envied my sister's strawberry and peanut butter. The brownie toppings were dry and stale and I recommend not getting them. Despite that, I would choose GS over YL any day.
3	I'm kind of baffled that others are saying that the flavor of this yogurt is better than the fro-yo at Yogurtland. I got a mini the cookies n cream with the crushed oreo topping- I thought the yogurt was really lacking in flavor, even the cookies tasted a little bland and old. What I did like was the consistency; it's much heavier and creamier than the self-serve joints. The yogurt was set perfectly, there were no ice crystals like you sometimes get elsewhere.Might have to try GS again soon, just to make sure it isn't just me, because I love me some fro-yo.
1	Horrible customer service! They weren't friendly at all. They acted as if it was an issue to serve us out yogurt. Didn't offer us a punch card and they were more interested in going in the back to text as soon as they rang us up. Would not recommend this place and will not be back either!
4	A great after meal treat. The good thing about Golden Spoon is that unlike other frozen yogurt shops, it is not self-serve and not charged based on the ounces served. They allow you as many samples as you like and don't have as many topping offers, so you're really just enjoying the flavor of the frozen yogurt itself. Great flavor options and nice service. They offer lots of discounts and coupons via text and email when you sign up for ads.
