1	I love Dairy Queen and make a point of grabbing some whenever I'm in town but there's still a lot of locations and I'd suggest you check out a different one.The staff was very nice and open to giving extra hot fudge for my Oreo Brownie Sundae but it didn't seem just a "little dirty looking."  Maybe a lot can happen in a year.  I actually wondered if one can get sick from unsanitary conditions at an ice cream place.  Don't give up DQ but maybe try one somewhere else.
2	Dangit, I needed a blizzard tonight. After a long week of interviews and other stressful events, I wanted to treat myself to something sweet, so I came here for a blizzard.  Mind you, I've been here before, and I have to say, it's not my favorite location.  The other DQ's that I've been to in the past have been clean, well staffed and overall a nice experience.  This one? Eh, not so much.For starters, its small. I can deal with that. Parking is tight and they only have a few spots.  Sadly, the place inside is not the greatest. The first time I came here last summer, the place was a mess! dirty floors and counters and the pop machine was leaking all over the place. You had to step in a puddle of water to get to the register.Today, it was actually cleaner then normal. I imagine because they don't have the summer foot traffic, so it's probably a lot less busy.  Service was pleasant, but really really slow.  The guy behind the counter was nice and friendly, but he didn't seem to be getting a lot of help from his coworkers, so that slowed it down even more.They do have outdoor seating here, but it's limited. They only have a few tables and chairs inside, so if you want, you can always sit outside at one of their tables, which is cool as long as the weather's nice.Overall, I come here rarely, and it's only because its close to home.  There's definitely better run Dairy Queens out there in regards to cleanliness, speed of service and other things, but this one is not one of those places.Will I return? Probably only out of sheer laziness to not go any further then I have to, and if I want a blizzard, I guess this is place.
3	I like Blizzards. I have lived in Arizona for 42 years. I might be wrong but I believe this DQ has been at that location for those 42 years. Maybe not that long but almost. It is a small, small shop. There is no more than 3 tables in this location. I have never eaten inside. We just order and leave. About once a month my wife on her way to her parents house she will stop and get her dad and mom a Blizzard. She is the favorite daughter. If I am with her I also get to have one. I like the pecan caramel one. Which I call the pecan cluster. You will notice they don't call it that anymore. Some sort of copy right on the name. The place while it may not look clean. What it needs is a facelift.
2	Stop by to get a sundae as walk in there wasn't anyone there until we said hello then the employee came out, the place isn't clean, they use to be better and been here for awhile, but I guess things change. But it's okay if you just want to grab something to eat really quick and leave.
3	It's an older dq, kinda dirty, employees seem preoccupied, but I am able to get my ice cream fix so I can't complain too much.
1	omg. 6 people in the lobby and a clerk that only runs in first gear. no one comes from the back to help.. we are out of here!
