4	MoNa Gallery makes me wish I had cooler relatives so I could buy all their presents there. Seriously, I know that is a horrible thing to say, but between the rotating prints (framed and unframed), the sculptures, vases, collages, jewelry, and wearables I can find a present for any tremendously hip imaginary friend my mind could create.And girl, They are reasonable too. Jewelry starts under $20, prints under $30 for sure. The inventory is always changing since they showcase different local artists, but you need to make sure and check every nook of the house. Even the art on the bathroom walls has a tag and is in the rotation.If you are looking for a smaller, just because gift they have chocolates (which I have not tried but look heavenly) and cards with some of the prints you will find on the walls in larger form.As far as local goes, MoNa Gallery is a must hit for arty gifts...and maybe for a few post-Christmas gifts for myself, i mean yourself, too.
1	A place for cheapens crafty products. Not a high end gallery.
2	This is not a fine art gallery but a craft store with inexpensive retail items made by unskilled artisans.
5	MoNA is a real Cool!  Used to be called "Plaza Muse". Great looking two story Gallery in a restored house with Paintings, Photography, Wood and Metal Sculpture, Furniture and some clothes.  Today there was a guy and a girl working there, they were both very friendly!  This is a place I will take all of my friends and family when they visit!
4	Cool art, fun and affordable knickknacks, interesting photographs, quirky gifts, and Davidson chocolate. Hell yeah I like MoNA Gallery!MoNA is one of those cool places you can just meander about and all of a sudden, an hour's gone by. I particularly liked the funny Mona Lisa on the chalk board with random quotes from (I assume) visitors. Definitely gave me some lolz. Spend some time and some money here supporting local business. The friendly folks who work here will thank you. Don't forget to say hi to Mona near the back.
