5	Need Carpets for a Tradeshow? Changing to Laminate Floors? You've come to the right place.  I used TLC Flooring in Aug.2010 when I was  change my entire house in Henderson, NV from Carpet to Laminate Flooring...but I was in San Francisco.  Ramin, made my life super easy by walking me through the options / colors / costs all online.  I had done a lot of comparison shopping prior to going with TLC Flooring and I found TLC Flooring excellent in terms of Service, Quality, Price and most of all TRUSTWORTHY.Highly recommended.
5	I was on a budget to replace the last carpeted room in my townhome and wanted something really nice. Ramin worked with me and gave me a great price on the laminate flooring and padding for it. He was very helpful, patient, and friendly. The quality of the flooring is outstanding and we will recommend him to our friends if they need any flooring.
5	I bought my piano finish flooring from TLC and I could not have asked for better service.  Ramin is a great person and so is Cash man!I will only purchase my flooring from these guys.  They have the best customer service and they care about their customers.  The flooring is high quality and I could not be happier.
5	I was shopping around in the area for quality laminate flooring for my new home. I decided to go with TLC because of the quality service Ramin provided. He was very honest with his products and very knowledgable. My mother wanted to install hardwood flooring but he explained the pros and cons of it. We went with laminate flooring instead because he explained that hardwood flooring is not ideal in Las Vegas because of the dry climate. I did not know that!!! We went with the Shaw laminate flooring. He gave us a good deal. 1.89 per sq ft for Shaw laminate flooring and that included the padding!!! I did not go with chinese made laminate or home depots because of the quality. TLC has good quality products for a great price!!Thanks Ramin for all your help. I love my floors.
5	I had originally set an appointment with another company and after they just didn't show up or even call, I decided to turn to Yelp.  And once again, Yelp did not let me down.I went to TLC Flooring's warehouse, was shown a large number of carpet options for my home, made my selection and paid my money.  The next day they were in my home installing the carpet I purchased.Fast, inexpensive, professional and great quality.  For a 2,000 square foot home they were done in less than 5 hours and that includes them needing to go get more carpet since my measurements were off.I would recommend TLC Flooring to anyone looking for quality, price and speed.
5	My husband and I were looking for a place who could do carpeting to our home that we jus recently bought. I turned to Yelp for some help and read the reviews and decided to check them out. I am from out of state and was in town for about 5 days and wanted to be productive and get the carpet done while I was there. I went in and was greeted immediately and was asked what I was looking for.  I then gave him my wants and needs and he showed me some carpets.  I then choose my carpet on a Saturday and it was done on Monday.   The installers were nice and got the job done well. They made it looked so polished I loved how the carpet looks and feels!!  Most of all it was done fast but very efficient!!  He was great and appreciated his quality of service
5	Gave Ramin a call telling him we were going to be in town for only a couple of days and needed carpet installed in the living room of our rental. He told me to stop by on Friday and choose our carpet and they could install it on Friday or Saturday. Stopped by and picked out our carpet Friday morning. Before noon the new carpet was installed and they even hauled away the old carpet sitting beside the house all for under $450.
2	The owner and his nephew are very nice and helpful but the contractors he uses are HORRIBLE!!!!  My carpet looks horrible!!!!  I get so angry everytime I see it!  Had the carpenter come over and look at it the next day, he took a picture of it with his cellphone and sent it to tlc.  They were not very helpful in coming up with a solution to fix it. So now I'm left with shitty looking carpet that I will replace shortly.  It also took the guys 3 days to lay fake hardwood floor in a room that was 12x12.  The guys were more worried about what they were going to eat for lunch.  I guess I got what I payed for!! So dissapointing!!!!
5	I had looked at Home Depot, Lowe's, Lumber Liquidators and about 1/2 dozen more for laminate flooring.  At the end of the day, TLC gave a superior product for less.  Ramin knows this business better than anyone.  I would recommend to anyone looking for tile, granite, laminate and carpet.
5	My wife and i were looking to replaced our dinning room carpet yesterday. Call up TLC, stopped by their office yesterday afternoon. The carpet is delivered and installed today morning. Awesome service!! Thank you guys!!
4	Great prices, Great work. Very fast. Went to TLC Flooring at 1pm on a Thursday. Contractor was at my home at 8 AM Friday ready to put my new floor in. Prices are really fair.
5	Ramin was helpful. Got laminate installed. Great price. Great install. Super fast!  Ordered Saturday installed and done Monday.
5	As usual.....the Yelpers led me in the right direction. We needed carpet at the last minute for a remodel which is no small task during Christmas week. Gave TLC a call on 12/26 and Ramin had an in stock carpet ready to go out the door for a very fair price. He was helpful, friendly and efficient.....all the things I needed during this stressful job. Thanks Ramin. I will send everyone I know your way.
5	I spent weeks shopping around when I was in need of carpet and laminate flooring for my entire upstairs. After visiting at least 8 stores, my husband and I turned to Yelp to read reviews.  Thankfully, Yelpers deterred us from our then #1 pick and turned us on to TLC Flooring. I cannot speak more highly of Ramin, his staff, and the crews that he uses for install.  The pricing was more than fair and the product is gorgeous.  Ramin ordered the materials for us as everything we wanted was special order.  He had more selection than any other show room we visited. Once our materials came in, he had installers at our house the next day. Look no more, you have found your place for new flooring.  I cannot wait to refer all of my friends.
2	I will start by saying my first few encounters with the owner Ramin were quite positive.  He worked with us on different options for the laminate as well as the tile.  We came to our final selections and he did negotiate with us some on the pricing, ultimately coming to our final estimate.  At that time, we had indicated to Ramin that we upgraded our base boards with the builder of our new home and that was my only concern for having his installers come in afterwards to do the job.  Ramin assured me that they would take their time and be cautious when removing the baseboards, and they would be put back in their place.  He did advise at this time that we may have to go behind them once the flooring was complete to 'touch-up' areas that may need it(never was their indication they would virtually ALL need to be repainted and/or sanded). Ramin's recommended installer, Angel and his crew arrived the morning of our agreed start date and we ran into our very first snag in regards to how we wanted the tile laid in the master bathroom.  I won't beat a dead horse with that as, while Ramin was very condescending about that situation, we ultimately came to an understanding. (FYI...to those who don't regularly install floors there is a difference between direction and pattern).When Angel arrived that morning, my husband was there to go over everything with him and to, again, reinforce that we paid a lot of money for the baseboards and expect them to look the way they did at the start of the job upon the completion of the job.  My husband even offered to pay them additional monies should they do what he asked and just take their time.  At that time, Angel indicated the job would be done on Saturday(4 days total). So, the installation began.  We arrive at Saturday(the 4 days Angel stated) and the job was definitely not complete.  The job continued into the following week, finally coming to conclusion on Tuesday, April 15(almost 1 full week from start date).  The baseboards were put back on and looked absolutely horrible, putting a pit in our stomachs after having spent the money on that upgrade with our builder.  They were not anywhere near the way they were when the job started and required far more than 'touch up' that Ramin initially indicated when we first spoke about it.  In addition to the baseboards, the transition where the tile meets the carpet in our upstairs area was horrible(uneven cuts to the tile, no tack strip installed, etc).  Ramin tells us the tile installer was 'not a carpet guy'.  That's fine, but, why then, would he just leave 'as is' and think the finished product was okay?! And, why would you not send a carpet guy to handle this at the onset?  It could not have been Angel's first rodeo in installing tile where there was carpet joining it. Ramin did then sent a carpet guy out to fix these areas(however, tried to charge us for this).  He did what he could, but the carpet was cut and he could not cut too much more.  As it stands today, we will need to put transition strips over these areas because of the way it was laid. The laminate itself looks good, however, I don't know what flooring installer uses HOT GLUE to install quarter round molding.  As you can imagine, this too needs to be corrected as it is now coming unglued.  Quarter round should be nailed in if done correctly.  The grout in the tile areas is also sub-par, with varying color and unevenness throughout(in all three areas where tile was laid). In addition to the installation issues we had, the installers Ramin uses scratched  my upgraded banister, put holes in my newly painted walls and certainly did not leave the house the way it was when they first arrived. Working in the customer service industry, I am well aware that a customer's experience and communication is key.  I also know to never argue with or make a customer feel dissatisfied.  Unfortunately Ramin did both.  I have gone back and forth about writing a review and sharing with potential consumers.  Given that I ultimately trusted Yelp on this one, I figured I should post our story.  As in any job, I guess it's buyer beware.  I would definitely recommend you ask to see jobs done by the installers Ramin uses if you even choose TLC Flooring...
4	I needed flooring for a few rooms of a house I just purchased, and after searching around I found the most realistic laminate flooring at TLC. Ramin was friendly, knowledgeable and helpful, and he had the product I wanted in stock.
4	This review is for 2013 (before I discovered Yelp)I decided to take up my living/dining room carpet, bathroom/kitchen linoleum and place 680 sq. feet of tile downstairs. I looked at a lot of different companies and decided that although TLC was about $100 more than another quote--- I liked how friendly Ramin was and how he had so many good reviews. As planned, everything was delivered and the crew showed up ready to work. I went out and bought them Dunkin Donuts bagel sandwiches and coffee. I told them if they needed any water and was thirsty they could help themselves to the zillion Aquafina bottles I keep in my refrigerator. The 3-4 guys got right to work, blasting their Banda radio songs and disposing of the old carpet. I stayed upstairs the entire time watching tv. By the afternoon I realized that the 3 -4 guys that were originally there were gone and new faces had shown up. Not only new faces, but more. It was now about 6-7 guys working on the floor. The project itself took a total of 3 days and not only was I ready for it to be over, but my neighbors also. There's limited parking on my street and the neighbors were irritated by the equipment trucks and noise coming from the music and saws. They had to use my garage to cut tile and mix grout. They manage to keep the mess contained, but by the end of the second day it was a little hectic. Finally by day 3 I think EVERYONE was on the payroll! Family members as well as Ramin's employees were all working to get the project complete by 6:00pm. Finally they were finished tiling the floor and when I came back downstairs I thought it looked beautiful. The entire downstairs looked MUCH bigger than it actually was and I was happy. The next day I cleaned all the base boards, and chiseled away left over grout, then sealed the grout myself with sealant from Home Depot. After that, I moped it and the tile sparkled. The following week I was having the interior painted by CertaPro painters so I was glad I did that first!I have nothing to say bad about Ramin. I think TLC is wonderful and he is a friendly professional business man. The only thing that pissed me off is after a hard days work of cleaning up, I went into my refrigerator to grab my ONLY tall can of beer and it was MISSING! Now--its very rare that I even drink beer and cans can stay in my fridge for MONTHS! Ironically, the ONE TIME I actually want to drink one---the empty can is sitting in my trash crumbled. One of the guys drank it! I know who it was, but I won't mention who. It was a family member of the guy contracted through TLC, and I spoke to Ramin about it . It upset me because I not only bought food for them, but I allowed them to enter my refrigerator and have water---not BEER! Plus---there's no drinking on the job right?! Ramin totally understood and was even upset that someone would drink while working for him. This is why I mentioned that 6-7 guys were in the house. Next time I want to stress to Ramin or the next contractor that I only want HIS paid employees ONLY. Too many people with no names going in and out of your house is a incident waiting to a happen. Then who is held accountable? He said he'd have a talk with them and that he'd give me a good deal on my upstairs carpet in the future. Ramin is great. If you tell him anything that is not right, he will try and fix it within reason.
5	Unique flooring selections that I didn't see anywhere else in the valley... And trust me, I visited MANY.  Ramin and his staff were over the top.  We are so pleased with the work Angel & his staff performed.. For any flooring needs that arise for my home, indoors or out.. I will be using TLC in the future.
1	Ramin is a deceiving little man...the men he hires to lay the carpet and tile horrible. You buy the carpet and tile from Ramin which is an ok product at fair prices - very fast delivery too. BUT you pay the labors yourself; you only pay Ramin for the product. The tile guys had to come back and re-do a mess up AFTER they were done with another project. Well if you are as impatient as I am, then 3 days later is just too long to have your house in shambles. They also didn't clean up the grout off the wall all that well which means I have to go paint over it now. The carpet guys which I paid 600 hundred bucks, got the carpet installed in one day which I thought was great until I saw how badly the cut up my base boards with their razors when cutting the carpet. It looks terrible and re-painting base boards after getting new carpet is a PAIN!Plus the carpet wasn't nailed in too firmly in some spots. Overall, horrible experience and I will NEVER go back. I have literally, 3 other co workers / friends have the same horrible experience.
5	I have been using TLC flooring for several years and I have never been disappointed. Ramin has always offered me one on one service and has been nothing but professional every visit. I do not even look elsewhere because his prices are great and his selection is unbeatable. I refer everybody I know to TLC and he has treated them the same. I have nothing but good things to say about TLC flooring.
5	I have been using TLC flooring for a long time. TLC is the best choice that I have ever found in flooring business.  The price is really fair and products are awesome. the installation company for wood, tile, and laminate ( Aria Remodeling)  doing perfect job. They done the best installation in my properties. I appreciated Ramin for high quality material, reasonable price, and expert installation crew. Thank you Ramin and good luck in your business
4	This review is regarding the flooring that we purchased from Raimin the owner of TLC Flooring.  We used our own contractors,  most of the negative reviews seem to be for contractors that TLC flooring hired.  So you might want to hire your own contractors to do your flooring.  We just recently purchased a home and one of the main things that we had to get done was new floors because we were not a fan of the carpet.  After two weeks of shopping we finally came to TLC flooring.  We literally went to every other floor place in town, we could not find what we wanted, and to be honest what we wanted kept changing as we looked at all the floor samples.  Funny how that is.  Anyways we finally found what we wanted at TLC and we even left and went back to some of the other stores to see if they carry the same laminate so we could get the best price.  We did find one other store that carried the same product but they came in 40 cents a square foot higher then what Raimin was offering us (of course that was after negotiating the price). TLC Flooring had a very large selection which is also a huge positive.  Only reason why I'm not giving Raimin 5 stars is the fact that he didn't call me back when he said he would, regarding what day the supplies would come in.  Also because when I purchased the supplies he did not make me aware that delivery was not included and so the people I contracted had to pick it up.  Overall it was a good experience, Raimin was pleasant to deal with and we would purchase flooring from TLC again.
5	I highly recommend TLC flooring.  We are re-flooring the tile floor throughout the house.  We visited MANY tile stores in the valley - the fancy ones, flooring specialty stores, and big box stores.  When we found TLC Flooring on Hacienda, we knew that we found the best tile, a favorable price/value, and the right store to work with.  Ramin was/is exceptionally helpful to work with.   He assisted with tile selection (amazing options), color guidance, and  additional detail accents that really made our home project stand out as a lovely improvement.  We had our own installers, who found TLC easy to work with.  We also used TLC for supplies (thinset and grout) - all good quality, good selection, and easy to coordinate.  We will continue to use TLC for our next projects including decorative tile areas, carpets, custom area rugs, and more.  The product selection was perfect, their assistance was extremely valuable, their service was top notch, and they are friendly as well.  If you are doing a flooring project, do yourself a favor and stop by TLC flooring on Hacienda.
