5	I have been coming to Dr Don for almost 5 years now. From valeting and working in a nightclub. My back is always tight, sore, basically in pain. Dr Don always is able to adjust it and loosen it up so I am able to function. And the neck adjustment, as sick as it may sound, feels good when it cracks. The staff is all great and very nice. It is the best feeling when you go somewhere and they remember you every time. Not just me, but you can hear them make small talk to other customers too. They ask about work and family and care about how you are away from the office. I've referred plenty of people there and I will not stop doing so. Plus a nice extra is Dr Don is a Dodgers and Lakers fan, so it's nice to talk about sports when being cracked and stretched.
5	I recently went to see Dr Vuong  about my severe neck and shoulder pain. He was very attentive and listened as I explained everything and he always made sure to ask me plenty of questions to understand what can be causing this. When it was time to start the treatment he explained every step and the reason for it. I have visited of Chiropractors around the world. I lived in Europe for years and I am from the east coast. He is the best Chiropractor I have been to. I am so thankful I found him to help treat my neck issues. I am also very thankful that my insurance covers my visits.  Oh and his staff was very friendly and attentive.
1	The dr was great at the clinic, however his medical biller has a lot to be desired.  Basic math is a challenge for her.  The reason I will not be back is solely based on her, there are plenty of other fish in the sea!
5	Amazing job ! Definitely will be back .. Everyone at the clinic was so friendly .. Dr vuong was great ! Highly recommended
5	Was appointed here after I got in a car accident & I must say it's been a pleasure. The staff is very friendly & Dr. Vuong knows what he's doing. I come in happy & leave even more happier. I don't know what Deborah is talking about, i've never had a issue with anything over here. I definitely recommend this place to everybody!
5	I was referred to Active Health Chiropractic after an accident I had in August. I treated about three days a week with Dr. Vuong. He and his staff are wonderful! I love coming here. Dr. Vuong knows knows his stuff and is great at what he does. There is hardly ever a wait time, so I was always in and out very quick. I will continue to treat here, even though I was closed out from my accident. That's just how great this place is. I started off with really horrible neck and lower back pain. Treatment with Dr. Vuong has definitely helped. I highly recommend this place.
5	I went to a chiropractor years ago that was a scammer so was hesitant to ever go back to a chiropractor again.  After a tennis injury, I was in agony and desperate so went to see Dr. Vuong as he was highly recommended.  I went very skeptical but he quickly impressed me with his treatment plan and within one week I as able to work again pain free.  I was very comfortable with his treatment plan and did not feel like he was getting me back for unnecessary appointments, or using pseudoscience as the other chiropractor I saw years ago was.  His staff was fantastic: excellent service, very friendly, and got me in quickly as I was in so much pain.  Thank you so much and I now know what high level chiropractic care is!!  I highly recommend.
