5	For a tanning salon, Darque Tan on Scottsdale and Shea gets top marks. Recently, I decided that although summer was over, my healthy summer glow didn't have to disappear. A friend recommended Darque Tan, and I went in for some information. Let me tell you, I have tanned countless times before, at countless salons NEVER have I received such excellent service from such a friendly, patient and knowledgeable staff member. Usually, tanning salons are staffed with high school girls looking for some extra cash for the weekend who are not at all interested in being overly helpful if it takes them away from texting at the counter. NOT my experience in this case though. The employee walked me through a very thorough explanation of their membership pricing and options, pointing out various deals and discounts along the way. She gave me a full tour of the property and patiently answered all of my questions (and I had PLENTY - if I'm going to spend approx. $80/month for a tanning membership it better be worth it!). She then walked me through the various tanning lotions provided, breaking them down by cost, level of bronzing, even smell! On top of the excellent service I received, I also have to rave about the facility itself. Darque Tan may be more expensive than other tanning salons around (although packages CAN run from $22/$48 month with upgrade options), but their beds are well worth the extra cash. They offer level 1 - level 5 beds, stand up beds, beds with misters and multiple fans, spray tanning, etc. ALL beds are nice, comfortable, and new. Even with the lowest package available, you're still going to get a nice bed - and you never run the risk of getting put in the crap bed that 's been there since 1984. Lets see, what else....There are no appointments required, and they always have plenty of beds available to walk in. They have several locations in the valley, and your membership is valid at all of them. There are no contracts to sign. If you pay for a package, your package stays till you use it (no expiration date) even if you quit your membership. Basically, this place is awesome. I'm a fan!
1	My first feeling upon my arrival at Darque Tan was AWKWARD. The receptionist was taking a smoke break with some friends and considering smoke smell is not the most pleasant thing to be greeted with, it made me feel uncomfortable to approach the salon and walk in. And so I did, not only to have to wait while she had to clean every single bed because she was too busy prior to have that maintained.  This happened the second time I went back as well. Let's just say the minute my package expires I'll be looking for a great tanning salon. Any recommendations?
4	Darque Tan is awesome. I love the selection of tanning beds, the pricing structure is fair and the staff is very nice and helpful. I never feel like I'm being forced to buy packages and lotions in the pushy manner in which SunChain used to do. I appreciate the sale information and new product information that the staff shares with me, but I never leave feeling uncomfortable about what I choose to buy. The tanning beds work really well. I usually tan in Level 3 or 4 and they are definitely nice with working bulbs. My only complaint about this tanning salon is that they don't have the new Mystique Tan spray tan machines that Celebrity Tanning has. I LOVE the open air high definition Mystique machines and the ones (an old Mystique machine and a Versa machine) at Darque Tan just don't compare.
