5	With as much as I eat here, I'm surprised I haven't given them a review. Whenever I feel like pizza I always order from here. I order online because I have a daughter who likes to yell and scream and it is just so much easier. The order time is always accurate, I LOVE the tracker, and the delivery men are also so nice and polite. I used to go to pizza hut, but after having tons and tons of problems with the pizza-cold, gross, and skimpy toppings; I convinced my husband to let me order dominos and we have never turned back... he just wishes they had a better deep dish crust- which i dont mind either way :)
1	Apparantly after 10 years I've been removed from the delivery zone and told that they have never delivered to me because they have no delivery history. Hmmmm.... I've got 10 years of order history from this store but they have never delivered to me. Never, Never, Never go to this store if you can help it. HORRIBLE customer service!!
2	Very inconsistent food and service. Sometimes good, but 80% of the time they screw up part of my order.
4	I'm not embarrassed to say I love Domino's. Ok, maybe a little embarrassed, but there, I've said it.This location is across the street from me, and gets a bunch of stars for location alone.I tend to have some issues with cheese (darn lactose intolerance)-but the thin crust here, with their mild sauce, does not give me any indigestion whatsoever. I can indulge on their stuff whenever!! I love to add the philly cheese steak on there too, with diced tomatoes. It's a crispy, fun filled combo for me.Delivery is always lightening fast (probably cause I live so close, but whatever).
2	So its Friday and I work hard all week and it has been a thing for the last month or two to have pizza every friday night and the kids love itWell needless to say I haven't had Domino's in quite some time so I downloaded the app to order a pizza for pick up which didn't work so I ended up having to call to get the price of the quoted special for the pizza. When I pulled up I noticed the bar next door and there was loud people and smoking and sounded like a few guys arguing so definitely not a place you want to take your kids for picking up pizza. The pizza was the main reason for the trip to Domino's especially since it's a few blocks from my house so why pay the extra 5 to 6 dollars for delivery. We got the 2 medium 2 topping pizzas and 16 parmesan bread bites the pizza had hardly any sauce and the crust was really greasy like they slapped too much of the butter flavor on it and wasn't all to appetizing as a family we can eat 2 medium pizzas no problem especially being that we have hungry kids but there is still a whole pizza left over rare for our family on pizza night. The bread bites didn't come with sauce so I paid the extra 75 cents for a cup of the most awful tasting marinara sauce and the bites were greasy and so salty it was hardly edible.So on a fair note being that the cheese was the only thing good about the pizza give this Domino's 2 stars and I won't be going back probably for another year or so just to remind myself why we never order from Domino's.
3	I've thought about fast food pizza and Dominos was always one I considered fast good; that being said I was wrong. Their pizza was really impressive. Make sure you get the thin crust xtra sauce and you have some really good pizza! Thanks Dominos!
5	Great pizza at a pretty good value. They're always on time and I've yet to have a negative experience. Once I accidentally tipped using the wrong denomination and felt awful so I called the manager and she was able to apply an additional tip to my credit card afterwards. All the staff has been consistently helpful, punctual, and polite, and I've never had cold or bad food.
