5	I've been going here regularly for the past five or six years.  They've recently changed their name, but the menu and taste remains the same.  Get the Bombero if you want a mouthful of awesomeness.UPDATE: Salazar got bought out and re-branded a while ago.  The food is now of inconsistent quality.  Sometimes it's great, sometimes it's booty.  I occasionally roll the dice, but times sure have changed.UPDATE #2: A friend let me know that the official Salazar Bros lives again, this time at 48th St and Baseline.  Back to 5 stars, you go.  Easily the best of the Mexican fast food joints.
5	Great portions of incredibly flavorful food. The burritos are jam packed with meat. The tacos are flavored just right and topped with colorful pico.The relatively new location in the shopping center on the northeast corner of 48th St and Baseline may look like just another fast food Mexican storefront, but the food is well worth checking out.Edited to add 5/23/2011: Nearly 3 years later and they're still in business and still excellent. Quick service and very good food from a simple but varied menu. While there was no one else in the place tonight, I'm really hoping that's not the norm. Quite a few businesses in this shopping center have shut down. This doesn't deserve to be one of those.
3	I have yet to have a 5 star experience here to date.  Can't believe this place is rated this highly.  I've been trying to give them a chance to impress me since they first opened their doors but so far it's nothing but very average Mexican food.  Before writing this review I thought I'd visit them one more time since it had been awhile. Maybe somethings changed I thought.  Nope...still extremely average and not worth driving cross town for but if you're in the area and hungry then go for it.  Yesterdays choice was a carnitas burro and a order of super nachos.   My biggest problem with my two choices yesterday and with every visit I've ever made here is there is just not much flavor to the food.  In my opinion you can usually judge a Mexican food place by the salsa that arrives with your chips before you order. If they can't make a good salsa you can pretty much be assured the rest of your experience will match the salsa experience.  That being said this place has the most flavorless salsa I've ever tasted.
5	I lived off Salazar Bros my first year of college because I lived right near it.  Must have eaten there twice a week minimum.  I was heartbroken when it turned into Armando Bros because as much as people told me they just changed their name, they didn't.  It was a different restaurant.  I had written it off as another great place gone to the pages of history until I moved near 48th and Baseline, and 'lo and behold there was Salazar's, tucked away in the Fry's parking lot next to a Little Caesars and a clothing outlet that appears to have escaped from the mall.  The interior itself is cheaply thrown together and completely forgettable.  The only thing the employees seem to care about is making food.  And none of this bothers me because they make some damn amazing food for cheap prices.I recommend the adobada burrito with extra sour cream and 2 things of red sauce.  It's pork brushed with a delicious sauce of some sort.  Comes with pico and guacamole.  I sometimes have to convince myself to try something new off the menu.  Brownie points for carrying Pepsi products as well, I take Mountain Dew with my burritos.
2	I feel like I must have gone to the wrong place.  First, the map and location here on Yelp is wrong, it's not on Southern/48th it's on Baseline/48th, they moved.  I had the carne adobada plate, after reading the rave adobada reviews here and frankly, I don't get it.  The meat was essentially flavorless and the rice/beans forgettable.  The only good part was the corn tortillas and they weren't even great.  I think this place's reviews are a direct result of Phonecians having very poor taste, in general, and for food.  Not to mention it was gross inside and the outside was ghetto as fuck.  I double-locked my ride and dropped the switches so fools couldn't run off with my 13".
4	To put it simply, it's like Filiberto's but the food taste better.Hierarchy of quick-service Mexican:Los Taquitos is the best, then Salazar, THEN Filiberto's.
4	Excellent prices and the people working there are friendly. CLEAN inside unlike other Mexican rest's in the area. The taste of the food is at top game and love eating at this place!
3	I went to Salazar Bros because of the reviews I read here, and I was not very impressed... Its just like a Filberto's, nothing about it was unique. I ordered a chimi and it was ok - just ok. Nothing to rave about, but a quick fix if you're looking for cheap/fast Mexican food.
4	Camilo O does a great job of summing up Salazar Brothers, it just doesn't exemplify how much better the food is than F-B's.  The food here is unbelievably cheap, and is made very quickly.  More importantly it tastes great as well.  I usually go with the Chicken Tostada when I go here.  I used to always grab a taco or two to go along with it (also quite good), but after having leftovers every time I've found that unless I'm starving, the ridulously-cheap $2.15 tostada is totally sufficient.  Two bucks for a huge heaping pile of lettuce, salsa, chicken, and beans!The environment is just like any other quick-stop Mexican shop, not quite as clean cut as Los Taquitos but not bad by any means.If you're in the area it's probably the best spot around to grab a bite and run!
5	Delicious burritos!
4	Best friend and I went to Salazar Brothers for lunch today; it is one of our fav lunch time places. I haven't been in awhile and am glad we chose this place today. I ordered the #20 which was a carne asada burrito with beans and rice, now I'm not a huge fan on refried beans, but today the beans were great! The burrito was packed with meat, guacamole & Pico de Gallo, very flavorful and yummy! Best friend ordered 2 asada tacos & cheese quesadilla with jalapenos. If you're a fan of really hot sauce that scorches your tongue then they might leave you lacking in the heat, but their red hot sauce is favorable and not tomato saucy like some places it's just missing the heat.    Great food for lunch at a reasonable price!
3	Like a Filibertos but better quality ingredients.  Nothing spectacular but I have not had anything to complain about either.
3	bland, bland, flavorless, and more bland.
3	This is one of my fail safe hole-in-the-wall eateries. They are consistently good and fast, as a matter of a fact I used to eat here even when they were on Southern Ave. All the breakfast burritos are huge and flavorful. Superb rolled tacos and sauce (although I wish they had more meat inside their still darn good). The service is friendly and they keep the tables pretty clean (unless you go during lunch rush at which that point it becomes an utter zoo). Better than Filliberto's and won't give you gas afterwards. Plus they are cheap- long live $5 lunches!
4	Good, convenient, great prices
3	This small little eatery serves up huge breakfast burritos that are easy on your wallet. We shared a steak and eggs burrito (~$4) and a machaca and eggs burrito (~$3.50). The steak and egg burrito had a generous portion of meat and egg, with flavorful, thinly cut steak. I liked that the machaca had veggies in it such as tomato and onion, but I couldn't taste much of the machaca in the burrito, and the flavor of the other ingredients tended to drown out the beef.They also have your standard fare such as enchiladas, various burritos, tacos, as well as menudo. We also tried some horchata ($1.70 for large size). It was cool and refreshing.Condiments are basic, and they have a tub of individually packaged green and red sauce for you to go with your meal.Overall, the breakfast burritos were good, but my favorite choice for a breakfast burrito is still at Los Favoritos.
4	Their bean and cheese burritos are awesome and great when I had a mexican food cravings. Their horchata is outta this world, especially when I've been without it for a while. Definitely give it a try!
4	Lightning fast service early in the morning. The place also looked clean and neat. Got the nachos and a bean 'n cheese burrito with rice. The burrito was definitely enough food for a filling breakfast. I swear it  was at least 12 inches long. The nachos I feel were overpriced, the guac. isn't fresh, but the cheese was decent so it made up for it. I'd love to see them throw the nachos under a broiler or something to help melt and cook the cheese. Overall a good place that will cure the late night Mexican food munches.
4	Love this place, it's my go to place for spicy cheap eats! Always, great food with service that's fast and friendly! I've been coming here for so long that she knows my order, and chuckles because she knows I am going to order my usual quesadilla with jalapenos and a carne asada mini taco. (which comes with two corn tortillas so I always make two tacos out of it as not to wear it) The quesadilla is made from a huge soft tortilla, the jalapenos are fresh and spicy and it it smothered and melted into cheese perfection. The carne asada taco is filled with flavor and covered in pico de gallo & guacamole. They have great tasting red and green sauce if you want to add more heat, of course I always do.  It's the perfect place to go if your craving something quick and spicy!
5	They are back, and just as good as ever,  They are getting back on their feet after they lost the lease seven months ago to goodwill.  I am happy to once again provide them with my business.
