5	I have been going to this nail spa on my many visits to Las Vegas. It is close to our vacation home. I recently became a full time resident. After having 2 very bad experiences elsewhere in the Henderson area, I returned to my favorite place and got the best mani/pedi I have ever had. Clean, very friendly and great prices. Can't beat this place. I highly recommend Boulder Nail & Spa.
5	I just moved out to Las Vegas and had been looking for a good spot to get my nails done for a few months. I tried out a few others but Boulder Nails is the best. It's clean and very relaxing. Kimmy does a great job everytime.
1	Horrible! Horrible! Horrible! If I could give zero stars, I would. The people (who I won't even refer to as nail technicians), were performing a pedicure on my feet when they CUT the bottom of my foot and then called me a LIAR and yelled at me and told me that the cut had already been there, which it obviously hadn't (the cut which they did was bleeding and had erythema around the edges because it had just happened). If the cut would have already been present, I wouldn't have gone in for a pedicure in the first place and they would have noticed a cut during the first five minutes before they cut me. While the cut upset me, the accusatory demeanor of the staff was rude and totally uncalled for. I got up and left after being treated so horribly. With all of the nail salons in the Valley, go somewhere else. Such a horrible "nail spa" with rude, condescending, accusatory staff.
1	Haven't been here in a long time. But I figured I would go close to home than drive to my regular salon. Bad mistake!  They used to be really nice and friendly here. They have new owners since I have been in    The lady owner kept passing us (customers) back and forth between the employees. As a customer that is the most irritating thing. I felt like she just wanted to get as much paying customers done, but the quality was poor.  Don't waste your money here. You can get better service at the numerous salons in the valley.
5	Such a fantastic salon! Moved here from New York with incredibly high standards and this salon exceeded it!! Will be going to this nail salon very frequently.
1	I'm out here on a small vacation with my boyfriend for a few weeks staying at his family's vacation house. I wanted to get my acrylic nails back on (new set). The man that works there walked up to me while I was getting my toes done and sat down next to me and proceeded to start my nails, glue them on, file etc. Once my toes were done i moved over to one of the desks where he could finish my nails. HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!! He was so rough with my nails and fingers, squeezing the sides of them so hard I could relax my hand. When he would tell me to relax my hand I would have to yell at him because I couldn't! Also when he was using the grinder tool thing whatever it is called, & he cut me several times on almost ALL OF MY FINGERS!! Some cuts were also made by the nail file, some were deep cuts too. He didn't even speak to me! I was deffinatley bleeding if you were wondering. Safe to say I'm never going back there and he did NOT recieve a tip. Hoped this help. There's better salons out there ladies, don't go here!
2	Where should I begin. They used to be good. I don't know what happened but customer service and quality of their work has gone way down. It's very very unlikely that I would ever go back there. And I used to go there a lot because it's close to where I live. But the last couple of times I was there it was just bad service and my nails didn't look as good. Today I got a manicure and deluxe pedicure. My manicure was literally 5 min. My nails look bad and he ( Mike) rushed right through. I don't know why he was in a hurry. There was one other person in there. It's not like they were busy. Don't get a deluxe pedicure it's a waste of money. It's the same as their regular one except its $10 more because they wrap a towel around your legs. Big deal. Rush rush rush.  Well I figured out why he was rushing me so much - he had another lady coming. I was in the middle of my pedicure when she walked in and he said I'm ready for you. I do not mind waiting if you have an appointment because I'd rather you do a good job. So don't go there. Do your research and get a place that will do a good job and make you feel relaxed and happy.
1	nasty dirty people who work here tell me why the lady went to the restroom (to drop a #2) and came out with the same gloves on that she was doing my pedicure with GROSS!!!  I now know at least three people that have to go see a doctor now sine the all got fungus from this place...
4	They are a walk-in salon but I recommend making  an appointment. As others have mentioned sometimes they can rush a customer, I find this happens less when I have an appointment. Kimmy does great acrylic nails and eyebrows, but if you are getting shellac than have the gentleman with the tattoos do it (forgot his name). He doesn't go right up to the cuticle and the polish will last three weeks instead of two with Kimmy. The fact that the salon is very clean keeps me going even though sometimes its not relaxing as others. That and again, Kimmy does great eyebrows. I have naturally thick eyebrows and she keeps the natural shape, just cleans them up; not to thin like a lot of others try to do!
