1	The worst experience in my life!!! I was kicked out for no reason at all. Basically, I was told I have an hour to pack! I do not want to tell the details yet as I am taking them to court. They do this a lot to their customers so I do not want them to remember me and try to make up a bullsh.. story in court.  Do some research you will see that N. Rancho Drive Budget Suites is hell on earth!!. Imagine this scenerio, basically, a lot of the staff mostly management work and live there. So they have this attitude like this is my house and if you dont like it or if I have a problem with you ill kick your ass out in a second.!! No customer service at all, its like a 3rd world country in there! The rooms are dirty, smelly with old furnature that is not serviceable. The springs on the beds bend on the sides so youll fall off if you roll over in your sleep. But dare make a call to the management for a small issue, they take it as a direct insult and literally hang up on you. I cant believe this kind of business is still running. Cant wait to see them in small claims court!!!
1	Lived here 1-2 months while searching for a permanent place to live. Outrageously overpriced and dangerous. My car was vandalized while living here. I saw many people arrested here after moving in because I guess they were fugitives. It's directly across from Texas Station and Santa Fe Rancho. Back then I didn't know this was a less than exemplary part of town and I wish I had been warned against staying here. Employees were rude. They refused to return my key deposits ($40) AND my taxes! Police are here day and night. If you have the alternative to stay elsewhere, please do it for safety's sake. Not safe for kids and families and I've heard that goes for all the Budget Suites locations. Some of them have big banners saying "Our background checks make it a safer place to live." Yeah, whatever.
1	I just had a terrible experience at this place. I was making a food delivery to room 10XX, but nobody answered the door. The customer had used the hotel phone to make the order, so I didn't have his cell number either. I went to the lobby, told a young blonde employee at the front desk my situation, and mentioned that the customer had stayed in room 10YY last week, and had just moved to 10XX. She refused to check if anyone is staying in that room at all, and refused to use the info to find if 10XX was the right room. She said she couldn't give out any information unless I gave her the first and the last name of the customer. I understand there are rules and protocals to follow. But what if the customer was having a seizure or a heart attack? All she had to do was type in a few words in the computer, find out if somebody had recently moved from room 10YY, find the right room number, call  the room from the front desk to see if the guy was expecting some food delivery. All these steps won't involve giving out any info to me. Oh, I forgot , it also requires a person's willingness to help, and some common sense.
2	I ended up here with my boyfriend because our Condo was having construction done on it - thankfully we live less than two miles away, so the owner of our Condo (again, because of construction) got us set up in this Budget Suite. Needless to say, the moment we arrived the ladies working behind the counter seemed less than thrilled to be there. Their enthusiasm in being welcoming and warm felt like pulling teeth. We opted for the one bedroom one bathroom layout that was what we called "the bare minimum", as we were not the ones paying to stay, but rather the condo owner. What we got was definitely the bare minimum. The interior was straight out of the 70's - even down to what they used to hang the pictures! It also seems each room or "suite" has AC units. If this is any indication of what the inside looks like, well...The layout of this hotel is a little strange and to be honest, while it is semi-clean outside, the actual residents leave this area less to be desired. Everything about this place screams "NOT SAFE AFTER DARK!" The pool area was very nice, it definitely made us feel as if we were in a resort. I believe this was their goal, when little do you know, people live in these hotels long term! The young woman showing us our room even mentioned people living in their rooms for 10+ years! By the smell of stale cigarette smoke lingering in our suite, I would agree.Did I even mention how overpriced this place is with it having no free wifi, a money trap in getting you to upgrade your 90's TV in your suite to a 26-27" TV and even billing you more money per week to include a microwave in your suite? Overall, this place is super sketch and not worth the money whatsoever. The interior is clean but definitely run-down (at least ff you get the cheapest room possible as that's all we've experienced so far). It's not worth the money to upgrade your suite to something nicer if your car is going to be vandalized over night.
1	This was the worst experience I have ever had not only with a place to stay, but the customer service as a guest here.Do. Not. Come. Here. For. Any. Reason. Under. The. Sun.Why?Because my boyfriend and I were UNLAWFULLY kicked out and they voided their OWN contract and fine-print that they made us sign/initial!My boyfriend basically told me Monday morning  (7/22/13) he was going to go to the front office to renew his wifi. When he got there, he spoke to the two same teenage girls that helped us get set-up in the place the previous week.  Come to find out, because of the billing and credit card situation being odd, because of our property manager paying for everything, he wasn't able to renew the wifi for another week at $5 because they were going to have to have the property manager call the front desk to allow them to charge the same credit card.  It was a pain because it is really hard to get a hold of anyone with property management and come to find out, we were staying there for two weeks and they only paid for one!  My boyfriend in pure frustration after hearing this, grabs his phone in anticipation of calling our property manager and mutters to himself "son of a bitch."  That was a statement made TO HIMSELF.  One of the young girls jumped on that, stating, "Excuse me?" My boyfriend immediately came back with, "..What?" because he didn't know what she was talking about. Rather than being a stand-up, normal person, she immediately took offense and asked him rudely, "Did you just call me a stupid bitch?" From what my boyfriend told me, he immediately said no, stating he was frustrated at the fact that he had to "call these people again" and apologized for making it seem like he was directly insulting her. Rather than taking the apology, she calls her manager over, acting angry stating my boyfriend called her a stupid bitch.This is where it all gets very messed up.This manager decides to go off on my boyfriend totally out of the blue, and I quote from him, "She walks over and starts asking me 'Who do you think you are fucking insulting my employee'", he tells me that again he repeats himself stating it wasn't meant to be an insult and he was cussing to himself. He tried telling her he wasn't threatening her employee and he apologized for the language and she stated "to not use that god damn language in her office". He told her that we hadn't been paying for our room for the past week BECAUSE of the management company, to this she responds, "You don't have to worry about the rent, you need to pack up your shit and go." When he protested, considering that was like an 18-wheeler randomly hitting someone, she pulled out her cellphone and threatened my boyfriend saying she was going to call Metro (the police) on him if he didn't leave immediately. He comes back to our room stating the situation. I, immediately, know it is a miscommunication because I KNOW for a fact my boyfriend does NOT treat anyone so disrespectfully. When I go to speak to this manager face to face, I am treated like shit on her shoe with her telling me I have thirty minutes to pack my "shit" and get out. So, we do. Mind you, my property manager also tried to speak to her via the phone, to no avail! Apparently she's highly offended by cursing in her office - enough to evict someone in half an hour!We were inside our room with our stuff finally packed to go (waiting for a taxi) when a person with courtesy patrol knocks on the door and tells us that we have to vacate the room because he's locking it up. That to me seemed normal, regardless of the terrible circumstances.  To make it WORSE, after he leaves and we're sitting on the steps with three overly stuffed garbage bags of groceries and stuffed to the brim suitcases, he comes back stating - and I QUOTE - "You must have pissed someone off, because 'they' want you off of the property." My boyfriend and I were SPEECHLESS! We were THROWN TO THE CURB!We found out later the manager's name is Dana and that this is NOT the first time she has treated people this way. In a few examples (per tripadvisor), people were given a written eviction notice for no reason at all. One person stating, "--New Manager Dana Alexander comes in and makes her own rules. Totally not in the rules and regulations. I thought maybe the corporation might wanna know how bad shes treating the costumers there so I wrote a letter. 3 days after, she brings a 7 day eviction letter." After all of this, we called her district and regional managers and NO ONE even cares! Their excuse was that "they operate as a hotel for the first 30 days" so that, by NV standards, excuses them and makes what she did legal. If Dana and those girls read this one day, you are all low down and DO NOT deserve your job! Anyone and everyone headed to this place, RUN FOR THE HILLS! We did NOT deserve to be treated like animals and we did not deserve to be at the mercy of a person that is such a control freak that abuses her power.
1	I wish I had read the reviews before giving these crooks a dime.  Murders, drug dealers, robberies, vandalizing are all regular activities.  But the worse part is, if you frown wrong, walk wrong, sneeze wrong, that woman who is the manager (easy to recognize she looks like she smokes a carton of cigarettes a day for any years), will throw you out, give you 30 minutes to pack your stuff and her rent-a-cops will lock you out.  And don't expect to get any of your money back.  I think that's her cigarette fund.  I'm a nurse here in Las Vegas our paths just may cross again, but I can guarantee you she will the same service that she showed me.
3	To offset the negative reviews I see posted before mine, I'm going to give you my viewpoint after living here after a little over a month.How did I get here? A friend I thought I was going to be renting a house with backed out of her verbal agreement with me. I had already put my things in storage, moved out of my dangerous and annoying apartment complex, and was waiting for her to finish her lease. Now, I will be here until I decide my next steps.Pros: Good front desk crew. Daryl promised me a decent building with an upper floor room. I have a third floor, end unit, which overlooks one of their swimming pools. Laundry room is steps away.Security guards roam day and night. Unlike my apartment complex, where they were M.I.A. most of the time.They are right across the street from Fiesta and Texas Station Casinos, if that's your thing.For me, it's been great to be so close to work, which is minutes away at UMC.No credit check, and no lease to fulfill. So when I decide to leave, I can leave.Cons: Absolutely the worst mattress I have ever tried to sleep on. Because I have back issues, I went to Target and invested $15 in a foam mattress topper. That has helped.It is not the cheapest place to stay, and they charge extra for everything: Wi-Fi, microwave oven, or if you prefer a flat-screen TV to the basic tube TV that is provided. SOME, not ALL of the residents there are sketchy. I keep to myself, and don't look for trouble. Transient population,  but that is to be expected from a place that rents week-to-week. A lot of the residents on the first floor of my building are elderly and have decorated their living spaces to the point that you know they've been living there for a minute. Now that I've been there over a month, they've stopped charging me tax on my room. That helps a bit.
