4	Why the hell am I totally addicted to this place???  I usually get the 3 piece breast/wing combo but substitute the last wing with another breast.  (notice a trend here??).  I usually get the pinto beans and fresh veggies along with flour tortillas. Its weird...everyone can remember the best steak they've ever had, perhaps the best sushi but NEVER the best chicken.  Not that I am saying this is the best chicken I've ever had.  It isn't...nothing comes close to my mom's roasted chicken :)I guess I go here since its so close to my apartment and the fact that it is a bit healthier than standard fast food fare.  Why go to Taco Bell when you got this place?
3	riddle me this? how does a mexican chicken shop have english speaking workers & right next door at jack-in-the-box no one can understand a word. the service is fast & friendly. very helpful & thorough. the atmosphere was nice-outdoor seating available.very clean. the food is good, a refreshing change from all the fried stuff. an unusual flavor of lime & smoke but good. a little pricey. but lots of coupons available. if you haven't tried it i would recommend it especially if you've had enough of the wannabe "fried" chicken places
1	I've loved EPL since I was a kid, first choice in chicken FF, never really was fan of fried chicken and EPL has practically been the only one that doesn't serve fried chicken. They have a self-serve Salsa Bar where you can get as much salsa, onions and cilantro as you want. Our usual order is the 10pc Family Meal with 2 large sides (Mac 'n' Cheese & Mashed Potato) and flour tortillas. I love flame grilled chicken and their seasoning soooo good that I actually like eating the skin of the chicken and I usually don't like chicken skin! Mac 'n' Cheese is super inconsistent. The Cheese can be super thick, super thin or chunky. Mashed potatoes are usually a little more consistent. Yes, I've said that I love EPL but I gave this location 1-Star because when we walked in, the Salsa bar was DIRTY, there was only ONE clean table in the entire restaurant and we took it before anyone else could. Trays on the other tables with trash, tables weren't wiped down, it was GROSS. My son accidentally spilled a cup of water on the floor and on the table, so he asked them for a rag, and what they gave him was thinner than the napkins on the table in the dispenser! I got tired of slipping and sliding on the floor so I asked one of the employees to mop it dry and the guy says "OK" and walks away. I don't know if he understood me but the water sat there so I let it be their problem for the person that slips in it. I hope to change the rating on this location in the future as I heart EPL.
1	This is the second time we came to this location and they ran out of chicken! It's a 20 min wait for a chicken breast. Don't waste your time at this location. Does Pizza Hut run out of pizza?
4	SAY What??! I haven't written a review about The Crazy Chicken yet?! For those who know me and those who don't I love the Crazy Chicken! I normally go for the 2 piece breast and wing and 2 side order and that's exactly what I did today. Most of the time the white meat gets overcooked and its tough to eat....however, El Pollo Loco makes it just right. The combination of the chicken with some flour tortilla, rice and salsa make it soooooo delicious. It may be pricier than most fast food joints, but its well worth the dollars.
2	They call you order by name which can get confusing when there is more than one person with the same name. As for the food, I've seen better.
4	This is a great roasted chicken meal.  If you don't have time to do it yourself, then coming in to pick up one the meals combos is  not a bad idea.  The prices are reasonable and the sides are not so bad.  But the best part of the meal is the tortillas, they are unbelievable.  My husband and I often eat low carb and so buying a meal allows us to eat the chicken, but smelling the tortillas will often be too tempting, so we always ask they do not include them, thus eliminating the temptation.
1	First time I have ever given a 1 star ever as a review. It is rather saddening. I go to El Pollo Loco every so often, however, a different location. Came to this location as it is closer to Chinatown area.The 1 star is due to its El Pollo Loco taste. The chicken has a good seasoning and spice in addition to its charbroiled taste.The wait was horrible. Do not expect a fast 'fast food' place. If you are ordering their chicken, you should expect at least a 20-30 minutes wait time. While waiting, I even saw my food laid out in the open (box opened) getting cool before they actually called my name. My chicken ended up only warm. The saddest part is they ran out of forks. How do you run out of forks?!!? Especially during lunch time. We were eating there at the location and asked for plates and utensils when the worker told us, "Sorry we are out of forks, we only have spoons and knifes." It really is a shame that I have to give a one star, other El Pollo Loco locations are more efficient. Just this one tends to be a lot slower. Definitely something to beware of.
4	I have never been into this El Pollo Loco. It is near my work, so when I need to grab a quick lunch and I am burnt out on sandwiches I hit up the EPL drive thru for a fairly quick, fairly healthy meal.I enjoy the grilled chicken salad, and when I am super hungry, the chicken avocado burrito is high in calories and flavor. I also appreciate that the drive thru menu lists calories for the different items. I have always been helped by really nice employees as well. The one area this El Pollo Loco falls short, as noted by another reviewer, is speed.  There have been times when it felt like a slightly excessive wait to get my food... Despite this, El Pollo Loco still remains one of my go to lunch spots because it is inexpensive and tasty.
4	I normally don't do reviews for fast food chains, but I think El Pollo Loco will be one of the exceptions. So I have been impressed with the remodel of this location, which can be best explained as traditional Mexican flair while being modern at the same time. I believe all the older locations will look like this too. I also like the new menu options, they are definitely adding that Tex-Mex attitude. Giving it that fresh taste similar to Chipotle. A good thing is the prices are still affordable and you can order a decent size meal for $5. Did corporate leadership hire a hip up to date marketing consultant to re-vamp their image? Something is definitely going on and I must say it is not just 1 step in the right direction but probably 2? And this is coming from someone with a business degree!
5	First of all: I review this place as a fast food place. Of course you can't expect the same for less then $ 10 as you can for $ 200+ in a nice restaurant.When that's said: This is the place I have eaten most of my lunches for the last couple of years. I always get the grilled 3 piece chicken. As side orders I pick cole slaw and pinto beans (they took out the grilled corn that I had from time to time).The chicken here is in fact better then what you get in most fine restaurants. The side orders are okay, but nothing special. The price for food with drinks is less then $ 10, so you get a really tasty lunch for a cheap price here!If you have a choice for when to go here I would recommend going outside the busiest lunch hour (Noon-1 PM), but before 6. After 6 I have had a couple of experiences with a bit dry of a chicken.You might ask how I can give a place 5* with not everything perfect in my review. Compared to almost all other fast food places it's in another league. And I love chicken :)
2	This location disappointed me. I came here last night and ordered the two piece combo to go. It came with a breast, a wing, tortillas, and two sides. EVERYTHING SUCKED. I usually really enjoy eating el pollo loco's chicken but this place served me a lousy meal. The chicken was dry and came in small pieces. The wing was also half burnt. The mashed potatoes had nothing special about them either. I didn't even bother with the tortillas. All of this came out to be $9 and it wasn't worth it at all. The service was also pretty bad. The cashier forgot to give a cup to everyone (including me) that ordered a meal. I would see each person ask him to give them a cup. He would also keep forgetting what people ordered.
3	El Pollo Loco is one of my favorite fast food lunch spots. Well it's only them and in-n-out that I frequent. The food is good but the drive through was designed way before cars were invented..yea I know it doesn't  make sense. You place an order and have to make a 90 degree turn to the window. Better off going inside and play it safe. I didn't hit the curb but 2 cars in front of me did.
1	Very very bad service. In the drive thru fur 15minutes when I got to order was told that I can not have a four piece meal all thighs. Was told to come back in 20minutes ..I was already in line for 15 minutes. Was told that he needs the thighs for the big family meals people are ordering....ohh I am sorry that I don't have a family to feed... Avoid this location.
2	This place consistently has old food, rude service, and I have recently decided that I'm not going to go here anymore:/.
1	They will sell you a combo even though you didn't want chips. They are always looking to rip off. :-(
