5	OH MY GOODNESS. This place is heaven. The food is delicious, and clearly made with fresh home made ingredients. Authentic Salvadorian food at great prices too, Most of my menu favorites such as tacos, enchilads and pupusa's are about $2.50 each and their huge nacho portion is only $7.00 they beat any attempt at tacos, or cheap tacos in KW and surrounding area. There are other more more expensive dinner options but then its still under $20. This restaurant is awesome for vegetarians too! Most items on the menu can be made vegetarian. The decor in the restaurant is nice and comfortable with great music. The have salsa dancing lessons and other types of dancing through out the week, They have a great patio over looking King street. The staff are very friendly and the service is quick. What more could you ask for!As you can see i am a huge fan of The Gunaquita and highly reccomend you try it an tell your friends and family!nom nom nom
5	A little slow writing this review, but I do remember that the food was excellent. Fresh ingredients, and authentic style make this restaurant a jewel on King Street. Highly recommended
5	Other 5 star reviews of The Guanaquita restaurant definitely do not fall short of how great the food is! All authentic Salvadoran food at great prices.I ordered the Quanaquita platter and it was an excellent choice with several menu options on one plate. The food was not greasy and was prepared with fresh ingredients. Staff were very friendly and the service was great! I would recommend The Guanaquita to anyone who is looking to try something different in Kitchener. Overall great restaurant!
5	Omg awesome.  The food here is very simple but fresh, great taste and the flavours really pop.  The host is great too.  I would recommend the bean and cheese pupusas and the steal burrito.
5	Unbelievably tasty and authentic. Great value and a nice selection of things to enjoy. The pupusas were my favourite but the enchiladas and tacos were also great. A milk-stuffed fried plantain was a wonderful dessert, perfectly sized for sharing. I also liked their mojitos, which are often dodgy in restaurants. We hadn't even finished our dinner before deciding to come back for breakfast the next day.Breakfast was delicious as well. I had a pupusa, enchilada and taco, while my husband had the biggest breakfast on the menu (6D). It came with delicious brown sugar-fried plaintains and also some refried beans. SO good.
5	Authentic El Salvadorian isn't easy to find and Guanaquita does it well, I'm a really big fan.  The pupusas were my favorite item, the tacos were also good, but what made it good was that everything was really fresh and had a home made kind of touch to it.  I'd appreciate a hotter hot sauce, but I eat insanely hot so I have this beef most places.  The service was really friendly, I liked the atmosphere and the prices were very very reasonable.
5	Food was great! I definitely suggest to anyone who wants something "different" to try it! Everything was amazingly fresh!
3	This place is a hidden gem in Kitchener!  Really fresh and authentic Salvadoran food!  If you like that type of food I would definitely eat here. Also, very affordable!However, they are listed as having Mexican food which I found a little misleading- we had enchiladas which came out on a circular hard tortilla (not wrapped in a soft tortilla like every other Enchilada I have ever had).  Service was okay but we were eating pretty spicy food and nobody ever came to refill our waters.I am being a little bit picky but it is only because this place had such amazing Yelp reviews but it really didn't live up to all of the hype.
3	As others have said, the fact that this restaurant was rated as Mexican totally threw us off.  We have never had Salvadoran food and had no idea what to expect (or what was what when it came out for that matter).  The food was not bad tasting...I'm sure if was delicious for those who are familiar with the cuisine.  We were just clueless! We visited during the Blues Festival - and although the restaurant wasn't crazy busy, the manager seemed to want us to leave, reinforcing to us over and over that there would be a 45 minute wait. We were fine with that, given we could get a drink and appetizer.  However, that too took a while (and for the price, the drink was quite small).  After a few seat changes, we ended up on the balcony overlooking the street below and had enough to keep us entertained while we waited.  The staff was very sweet and we enjoyed conversations with the manager, as things calmed down.
5	Wow what Can I say About This place The Guanaquita Restaurant is truly a hidden Gem Plzz no mistaking with Mexican food far from it Im very proud of my culture an proud that I can eat Authentic Salvadoran food . I always Start with my Fav Sopa de Mondongo Ooooohh Heaven :))) that the Beef an Tripe Soup then I end my lunch with 2 pupusas Revueltas with the spicey salsa Big Fan of The Pupusas very tasty good portion not at all Greasy. Did I mention the service Amazing :)) greeted with smiles very attentive all on all The Guanaquita Restaurant is defenitly a 5 star.
4	I have never tasted Salvadorian food but I was feeling adventurous and thought it would be similar to Mexican so I decided to try it!  I can now say I love Salvadorian food :)I tried the combo platter which lets you choose four dishes off the menu.  I won't try to spell the dishes but I will tell you each one we tried was fresh, flavourable, homemade with love and delicious.  The staff was patient and helpful explaining the dishes, very good service.  We will be back very soon, my husband is still talking about the food!Give something new a try, you won't regret it!
5	Good food, low prices. Huge menu. Our server was polite and on top of everything. Above a barfly bar. If the weather is nice, get the balcony seating to enjoy the show. Only buggaboo was we came shortly after noon Saturday and the place wasn't yet open (despite the sign).Have to say the refried beans were some of the best I've ever had.
3	Based on the food, this is a four-star restaurant. The service really brings it down to  a three. The ambiance of the restaurant is fine - it's a bit strange because the decorations are obviously Greek, which we got a kick out of. But no big deal - what matters is the food! The service was quite slow - although we were asked about drinks shortly after sitting down, our server returned more than ten minutes later without the drinks to take our orders and then brought them out rather slowly and one at a time. When I asked about what to order if I'd never had Salvadoran food before our server helpfully suggested a few sampler dinners and what each one includes, but when I started asking about food off the sampler platter he couldn't explain what the food was or what it tastes like because he'd never had it. He also suggested the fajitas, but we didn't opt for them because he couldn't tell us whether they were the same as regular fajitas (which we can get most places). On to the food: There are two sampler platters - one with set items (pork and cheese pupusas, beef and vegetable pastelito, choice of beef or chicken enchilada, and chicken tamales) and another that lets you choose any combo of four pupusas, pastelitos, enchiladas, tamales, and tacos. Since a few people got the set platter I decided to try a few different items and got the customizable one, which I think was more than worth the extra dollar! I had the pork, beans, cheese, and loroco (loroco is apparently a type of flower - the server didn't know what they were and had never tried them, so I Googled it!) pupusa and it was my favourite item. I also strongly prefered the sweet corn tamale to the chicken one - but that's just me! The meal came with salsa (mild, medium, or hot) and a side of vinegar coleslaw that tasted almost pickled. One more word on the food: The enchiladas - they are NOT like Mexican enchiladas! They are more like a giant, extreme nacho. They are really tasty, but you will be surprised if you're expecting a Mexican enchilada. (Nicaraguan enchiladas are also different - they're more like an empanada... must be a thing with enchiladas). I would have liked to try dessert but by the time we were asked about it we'd been at the restaurant for two hours and were worried about getting a ticket for street parking (maxes out at two hours). You could eat here for under $10, but the platter with drinks put our bill for two people up to $35, so I'm putting it in the $$ category.
5	Delicious! We stopped in here later on a Friday evening and the service wad fast and friendly. They had dance lessons going on that were fun to watch. The guanaquita dip was amazing to share to start our meal. I had the smoothy that was delicious but impossible to drink through a straw. I had the nachos as my main and they were better than any nachos I've ever had. Little chucks of steak were so much better than the ground beef you usually get. My partner had the steak burrito and said it was the best he's ever had. Our bill came to $40 including alcohol and a tip. We will definitely be back!
1	Yelp made me put a star in the rating, but i really didn't want to...We arrived later on a Friday evening to find the place full. We asked the hostess if we could eat at the bar, and that was fine. We sat there looking at the menus for around 15 minutes, right in front of the bartender, who never once acknowledged us as two customers sitting there with nothing to drink. We waited a few more minutes and eventually left and went somewhere else to eat. Itts too bad because I have read a lot of good things about it. I dont think we will ever try again, but who knows....
4	The food was astonishingly good.   The service was very slow, which was OK since I was there with friends and time. I'll definitely give them a chance to show me the service was an aberration. The food would get as many stars as I could give them.
5	How do you say "Wow" in Spanish?Service was fantastic, the food was off-the charts great and had a home-cooked qualities and the prices were very reasonable.
5	The best authentic Salvadorian food in Kitchener. I'd been at The Guanaquita many times and found all their dishes amazing and fresh made, fast and very friendly service, it has a full bar, and on Fridays and Saturdays, they have free dancing classes too, and the prices are very reasonables.
4	I liked the food, but some things need improvement! Why 4 stars ?Well, food is Great, don't get me wrong... BUT there are 2 things i want to mention:1. I waited 35 minutes for my TO-GO order to be ready, when on the phone lady told me 15.2. And the biggest one- I GOT DIFFERENT FOOD from what i ordered! LOL How did this happen? anyway, i was so hungry that just ate it instead of coming back and waiting another 35 minutes for them to correct their mistake. I wouldn't stay there as it is an outdated place, but maybe will order to-go here and there and OPEN the package before to leave to make sure its what i want lol
4	Authentic Salvadorean food is especially hard to find.  When I found out there was a Salvadorean restaurant nearby in Downtown Kitchener, I just had to go try it out. The Guanaquita Restaurant is located up a long flight of stairs up above a watering hole near King & Water. The look of the restaurant will throw first time customers off as it is noticeably Greek. Perhaps, it used to be Greek restaurant in a past life. There is a small patio facing King Street and a dance floor for various events happening at the restaurant. Since I lived nearby, I always called ahead for take out and never had a chance to sit down so I cannot comment on the service. It usually takes them 15-20 minutes to get your order ready.  One of the most commonly ordered plates is the Guanaquita Platter - a set platter with pork and cheese pupusas, beef or chicken enchilada, chicken tamales and a beef & vegetable empanada. The platter also came with a side of salsa (I always get the hot one) and coleslaw. All the items in the platter were made fresh and full of flavour and reminded me of  The salsa also added the extra kick needed for me when eating Latin American food. I was not a fan of the coleslaw though. The only caveat for me is that it is closed on Sundays and Mondays. All in all, a great place for some Salvadorean food whether it is your first time or whether you are just satisfying a craving.
5	The food at the restaurant was AMAZING. I rarely give out five stars, but this restaurant really deserves it. I ordered the Guanaquita Platter, which had bright flavours and will keep me coming back! The service was also very friendly, with prices that are surprisingly low!
4	This restaurant is fantastic! It's located in the heart of downtown Kitchener but feels like it's a world away. The waiters are super friendly and offer suggestions very willingly when you ask them. The menu is extensive. I got the pupusa platter. For $6.50 you get to pick two pupusas and a drink. I got the pork, beans and cheese for the first one and chicken and cheese for the second. The pork was my favourite. So flavorful. They are so rich that you get full with two pupusas. My cousin got the vegetarian options which include zucchini and some greens which were also very tasty.They also have dance classes every other Tuesday for a donation of $5
4	Loved the food and the friendly service . I ordered a vegetarian platter based on the recommendation of the waitress.  I honestly had no idea what I was eating or how to pronounce it - but I loved all of it.Adding this little unassuming gem to the roster of places to eat at lunch time.
3	A very typical Latin restaurant. Don't go to get impressed by decor or presentation. You're going here for food. They have a variety of plates, and from my experience I'd say it's home cooked meal level. Many times they might not have an item ready because they ran out of ingredients etc. As usual, I believe they have salsa nights and what not as well.
4	My second visit to this restaurant. Drove a long time to get here.I was again not disappointed.The reason for the imperfect rating I'm giving is the wait time. We had a LONG wait even though the restaurant was not busy. If you are in no hurry you will get an amazing Latin food experience. Just as we started getting frustrated with the wait, the food arrived and took our misery and converted it to bliss.If it is your first time there, get the Guanaquita platter. You'll be able to try 4 of their most popular items. The PUPUSA is to die for. Dirty to pronounce, so delicious to inhale.Not to mention... Waiting for the bill was another gruesome wait. I hope they were only understaffed the day I was there and that this is not their new norm.
5	Stopped in here for lunch after checking Yelp. I've had pupusas before, both in Kensington Market in Toronto and in Costa Rica, but yowza this was on a whole different level. Had one of the platters and everything was terrific. Service was really friendly. If you've never had El Salvadoran food before, this is a good place to start. If you have, you'll love this place. For something different, try the hot chocolate: chocolate and spices dissolved in water. No milk. Really really good.
4	I saw this restaurant rated really well on Yelp so I decided to go for it. Been craving some sort of Mexican-style food so I decided to give this a try even though it is a Salvadoran restaurant. I almost missed this restaurant when trying to find it. The sign was smaller than the other restaurants' signs. Upon entering the restaurant, the waitresses were really warm and seated us quickly. The menu is sorta confusing to read.. there's too many menu items and its not designed very well. I suggest that they should change their menu's layout. The restaurant's atmosphere was very dark and quiet but I guess this is the case because there were no dance classes/concerts that night. Aside from those cosmetic features of the restaurant, the food was phenomenal. I enjoyed the enchiladas and the tacos. Overall, the restaurant is excellent and will return to get my Salvadoran-Mexican fix.
5	My #1 favourite restaurant in KW. I spent 5 years in this city as an undergrad, and I was introduced to Guanaquita in my last year of school. I'd checked out a lot of different food places in KW, but the food here was by far the best. Oh, and it's also got terribly fabulous service. If it's going to be your first time there, try out the Platter! It's a great start :-)The only con is that it's a bit tricky to find, as it's hidden upstairs.
5	Really liked the place: great food and atmosphere. Try the platter to feel the taste of Salvador!
4	I haven't tried many Mexican food places in KW but if you are in mood for some then you will likely be hard pressed to find something better.  Not a fan of salvadorian cuisine so I stick to their Mexican menu which is delicious.  I've tried enchilada and burrito both of which were great.  Family owned who's owner I spoke with and was told by him that his wife and mom do the cooking.
