5	After a very bad experience with Aaron Brothers, I asked a friend at the gallery I purchased the painting to recommend a framer.  She highly recommended Monster Framing, and I'm very glad she did.  I had two paintings framed in a floating frame.  The paintings were a little off size, as many custom canvases are, but Monster got them looking perfect.  As far as price goes, they ended up being only slightly higher than Aaron Brothers, but I had a coupon for Aaron Brothers, so I'm thinking Monster would have been cheaper than AB's standard pricing.  The painting was one on time and the staff was patient and helpful.  Very good experience and I highly recommend them.
5	Monster Framing is the place to go for all your art needs.  Monster Framing handles all of my framing. The staff are very pleasant and knowledgeable. When you want a framing job done well go see Monster Framing. Reasonable prices too.
5	I have used them over the years and they have always done a phenomenal job.  I have had fabric, posters, oil paintings and items from a movie set framed and they have framed every item that I have brought them perfectly (and not all have been easy)!!!  All of the work is custom to your needs and the staff is very nice and helpful when it comes to choosing what is right for you!!
1	STAY AWAY!  Although the owner Paul is personable and they act like they know what they are talking about... I brought in a large job and waited a couple of weeks until I had to call them to check-on progress...they rushed my articles and framed with colors they made-up and printed my stuff on the cheapest paper! For photos???? Wow! Then when I demanded my remaining pieces back, they LOST one of my originals! If you value your work go somewhere else.  They treat you amazing once you walk in they do the worst work product I have experienced. I went somewhere else and received great work. The price was a little more expensive but YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY for. You have been warned!
4	Consistently good quality, on time and very friendly place. The pricing specials they offer seem to be hard to actually get but otherwise it's probably the best frame shop in the area. They've done six jobs for me. All were well done and on time.
1	Wow, super unfriendly companyI am an asian- american n I do know how to speak english.The guy who answering phone sounded like that I was bothring him.I said I just want to get the quote n he was asking if I wana get the coat. Like wearing coat and asked me if I know wat kind of company they are.Of course I do!!!! Why do I call the framing company to get the coat???I had to keep repeat my self that I want to get the quote not wearing coat n even spell out for him!!! But I feel that I was unwelcome guest from his sound of voice.I had to think to myself that maybe they treat ppl differently.I would not recommand this place to my fellow asian ppl
4	Monster Framing & Art Gallery really helped me make the right choice for a romantic gift.  These guys are really knowledgeable about all the different options for custom framing and were very patient in helping me create the perfect gift.
5	Monster Framing is the best frame shop in Las Vegas.  We've had them do about 10 different jobs and we've been very happy with the end result each time.  I've taken them everything from diplomas and artwork to sports and movie memorabilia.  They even designed a custom display case for a signed baseball bat for me.  The staff is very professional and courteous, plus they are willing to spend the time to help you design the perfect look with a wide variety of design elements.  I feel their prices are competitive with other frame shops, but their quality is so much better.
5	I feel very fortunate to have found Monster Framing from an Internet search engine.  I took my artwork over to their shop not knowing exactly what I wanted and they expertly suggested and showed me options resulting in a final product I was thrilled with.Excellent personal service and a selection of materials that is second-to-none.  I personally am looking forward to finding another piece of art that needs to be framed just so I can use them again.I would not call their prices cheap, but like in most things, you get what you pay for.  If you want quality materials and workmanship for art that will be prominently displayed, this is the way to go.
5	Best framing company in Las Vegas hands down. I've gotten many many frames done here. A bit on the expensive side but well well worth it. You pay for quality and quality is exactly what you get here.
