5	I cannot believe anyone else hasn't reviewed Luma yet!  It may be my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. I've been there countless times in groups of size anywhere from two to 14, and each time the experience has been better than the last. I don't think I've had the same meal twice and have never been disappointed.  You can't go wrong with any of their seafood plates, but their stuffed pork chop sticks out in my head from all the visits.  On top of that, the service is top-notch and the bar is fantastic. Do yourself a favor and go this weekend!
2	Okay, so this review is for Luma in Mt. Lebanon... Been there twice now and both times it has been 'just okay'. First time, had the beef tenderloin with pasta in alfredo (something I never get) and it was pretty good. The second time I wasn't sure what to get so I picked an easy one: filet. I ordered it medium, it came out well; the sides of the day were orzo with what seemed like sundried tomato but if was tough to discern the flavor because it had been prepared hours before. The vegetable was a zucchini and yellow squash sauteed in olive oil - undercooked and lacking salt or pepper (a simple dish yet someone was lazy and didn't bother to season it or let it sautee to a put where it was done). Needless to say, for the money I am not going back... Bistro 19 and Il Pizzaiolo are in the same area.
5	Luma in Aspinwall is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. I have tried just about everything on the menu and the service is fantastic. They have a great deal on wines. I think most of their wines are $20/bottle which is their niche.One of Pittsburgh's best kept dining secrets
3	Nice, relaxing atmosphere. Food was well presented and good.
4	Food was delicious.  Enjoyed the Brie and crabcakes.  The wine selection was very good and reasonably priced.  Definitely will be a returning customer.
5	Just went for wine and dinner with a group of 10 women.  We went for the 1/2 off wine Wednesdays, which makes their reasonably priced wines (I think they have 20 bottles for $22) even cheaper!  I was impressed with the food, I had the pumpkin ravioli, and tried the spicy shrimp.  The ravioli were very sweet, but still a nicer dinner dish, and the presentation was great.   Best of all, the service was amazing.  Our waitress even did separate checks.  The restaurant is tastefully decorated, but the bathrooms were a little freaky to me, and the floors were sticky.  If you're going to try something here I've also heard rave reviews of the steak medallions on Alfredo and the crab cakes (and just about everything else on the menu).
4	A cozy, romantic, tasty restaurant in Aspinwall. It is also reasonably-priced for the size of the dishes it offers. The service is polite and friendly, and the place is casual and relaxed.We started out with the calamari, which was lightly fried and delicious with the lemony chimichurri sauce. The Luma house salad was tasty, and was truly a steal for five bucks (Frankly, I was expecting a small side salad...). Our main dishes, Sole Monterey and Seafood Pasta, were very delicious. Especially Sole Monterey -- it had some delicious sauce and was a heaven of vegetables. And, the two dishes came in huge portions...Last but not least, Luma has a 22 for $22 wine bottle deal. We tried out the Slovenian Pinot Grigio and were very pleased.
5	Fantastic place.  Amazing food, reasonably priced wine list, great service.  One of my favorite places in the area.
1	I hate to write a bad review (and this is officially my second), but feel the need to share.  A group of us met up last night for dinner at Luma in Aspinwall.  One friend had a $60 coupon that had expired in June.  He called earlier in the day and spoke to a waitress named Irene who had checked with the manager and told him that they would still honor the certificate.  He happily told our table that he would be able to save us $60 off our bill.  The food was good.  However, when we received our bill the friend was told that even though someone at their establishment had agreed we could use the coupon, they wouldn't be honoring it.  It was an uncomfortable situation, even more so for our friend who thought he was doing something nice and offering up his coupon (and who had been diligent enough to make sure it would be accepted).  We ended up splitting the bill 3 ways, two paying with cards, the last with cash - the waiter neglected to ask if the person paying cash wanted change and kept all the money - a 29% tip (to which we kindly ask for the change back).  We all ended up leaving a 20% tip - but I was very disappointed with the service.  After sleeping on it overnight and prior to posting a review - I called Luma to politely explain why I felt they had fallen short.  After 2 phone calls and several requests to speak with a manager I was told that they didn't have a manager - and the person I ended up explaining the situation to turned out to be the same waiter who had given us the bad service.  He said simply that he was sorry and that the owners would be furious if they had accepted our friend's coupon.  He went onto say that he had asked Irene that morning if she had a conversation the day before and given anyone permission to do so - to which he said she denied it.  I refrained from pointing out that it must have just been a wild coincidence that my friend had made up talking to someone named Irene... who, also coincidentally, was working the day before.  I suggested that if they weren't willing to accept the coupon, he could have at least tried to offer up something (i.e. a glass of wine, perhaps a free dessert) to let us know that they appreciated our business and were sorry for the mix-up.  Unfortunately the bad service continued with only meek apologies being served up through the phone.  Luma did nothing to change my mind and entice me to return.  By saving $60 they lost the future business from our table.  Not, apparently, that they seem to care.
3	It's ok generally. Fish taco is nice. But it's not a good place for steak. I ordered filet. She cooked it well, but u still can tell its not like fresh filet, more like frozen filet.
3	Can a restaurant stay open for over a decade mainly on the strength of one outstanding dish?  If that dish is good enough, Luma has proven that the answer is "yes."The dish that I'm referring to are the absolutely delicious crab cakes which have been Luma's staple since they first opened.  You can get one in an appetizer or 2 in an entree.  I just had one again on a recent dinner and it was just as good as I remembered.  Big fat pieces of crab, lightly baked with a red onion caper sauce.  Seems simple but they're just magical.  I still think it's somewhat of an aberrancy of nature that Luma serves the best crab cakes that I've ever had: better than anything that I've had in Baltimore or Boston.  How is this possible in Pittsburgh you may ask?  Don't know, but I am hardly alone in my assessment.  Every person I know who's tried Luma's crab cakes has told me that they're the best they've ever had.Unfortunately, pretty much everything else on the menu falls short in comparison.  It's all OK, but everything fails to reach the heights of the crab cake.  On a recent dinner, after devouring my crab cake app, my entree was duck with butterscotch gnocci.  The duck was delicious, but the butterscotch was a fail.  Duck naturally pairs with sweeter flavors, but this was entirely too sweet.  I should have seen it coming, but I thought it sounded cool.  The gnocci was so sweet it was inedible for an entree (but might have been an OK dessert).Luma still has a "twenty wines for twenty bucks" list.  Actually, I think it's now 22 wines for 22 bucks.  Sounds like a deal, but each wine tastes like a 6 or 7 dollar bottle of wine so it's really not worth it.  They do have nicer wines which are marked up 3-4 times.If you've been around as long as Luma has, clearly you're doing something right.  The place was packed when we dined recently on a Saturday night.  As long as they keep serving those amazing crab cakes, Luma will easily be around another 10 years.
3	I ate here this past week with my girlfriend for dinner.  The inside of the building is decorated nicely with a soothing shade of blue on the walls which has white recessed shelves and some pretty cool track lighting overhead.Whenever our server came over to greet us, he brought with him some bread and an oil and spice dipping sauce.  The dipping sauce was very good with the flavors of cheese and a bit of spice at the end.  Due to that the bread quickly disappeared and sadly was never replaced.  We decided to start off our meal with the zucchini straws.  The straws came on top of a bed of marinara sauce with a lemon on the side.  Surprisingly, the zucchini was very light and with the acidity of the lemon had a great flavor.  The marinara itself was delicate without many spices which was good so as to not overpower the zucchini.  Overall I thoroughly enjoyed the appetizer.  For my entree I decided upon the tenderloin Alfredo while my girlfriend had the Korean BBQ flank steak.  I was able to take a bite of hers before my own and was surprised at the tenderness of the flank steak.  It also had some good spices on it and I thought that it tasted pretty good.  My tenderloin was also exceptionally tender and paired nicely with Alfredo sauce.  However, the spinach fettuccine that was the pasta base of my meal was nothing memorable but did some needed green color to the dish.The bottom line for me is that I would probably eat here again in the future but would make sure that it was a cooler night. The reason that I say this is the temperature the night that we went was above 90 degrees and for some reason the restaurant was not cool.  By the end of dinner I was covered in sweat which I have never had happen at a restaurant like this before and which made the experience not necessarily pleasant.  However the food was good and so I would probably go again on a cooler night.
4	Great outdoor dining.  Very relaxing and romantic.  Service is always good.
3	Let me preface by saying that because I think it's a bit overpriced, I will not go to Luma unless I have a Groupon for it.  That said, Luma offers a LOT of Groupons (translated - several a  year).  In general, I like Luma.  The decor is tasteful, they have outdoor seating options, the staff is always friendly and courteous, and the food is decent.  I have tried multiple menu items over several seasons and I remember them all being fairly good.  The problem is, nothing really sticks out in my head as being spectactular.  I can't pinpoint why I like it, but I also can't really say there's anything about it I didn't like.  Honestly, I can't even remember what I had with the exception of the calamari.  It's quite odd that I keep going back to a place that is good at best and at worst unmemorable.  Well, I'll just go again and again until I've decided one way or another.
4	CRABS CAKES ARE AMAZING!These are the best Crab Cakes in PIttsburgh IMO. I would like to see more of a business happy hour crowd but the I have not had anything bad at Luma.
4	Shocked that it was not busy last night.  The bar was empty and only a few tables filled. The food was very good and the service was pretty good. Not sure if he was the manager, but it was disappointing that he came over to our table with his shirt 1/2 out and looked kind of sloppy. The waitress tried to be sweet flying across the restaurant in her Nike running shoes. They need to dim the lights and not turn them off, as there is still something good about this place.
1	Since the management change, all the attentive and friendly wait staff is gone. The menu stays trapped in 1985 and all the charm is long gone. Not even close to being worth the time or money.
2	Not impressed at all. Service is unprofessional. They all look disheveled, don't know the menu, and don't offer substitutions on entrees. They did make an exception for my food allergies on the substitution front, but everything was premade and already covered in gluten-laden seasoning and soybean oil. I ended up eating some veggies and fish because everything else was unsafe. Also, my brother ordered a Hoegaarden and out came a dark brown lager. The waitress said, "no, this is Hoegaarden. It says so on the keg." No, it was not Hoegaarden. After a conversation, she said that it must be Michelob Ultra. Not the same. One server came to the table and when asked for recommendations, said she hadn't had a lot of the menu. What? Isn't that your job? Just awful. I think this will be my last stop to Luma. Bumped up from 1 star because I didn't get sick from the meal.
2	Funny thing about Luma, I went to Luma in Mt. Lebanon and the restaurant was great the food was good and the staff was attentive although I will say that the restaurant was a little bit expensive for what you get. But all in I really liked the place. However, I can not say the same at all about this Luma.  The prices were high, the food was not great, the service was average at best. While nothing about the meal stood out as horrible,  when I spend $70-100  (in Pittsburgh) I expect to get a lot more. As a side note, I found out that the two Lumas are actually under different ownership. My advice, skip this luma and head out to Mt. Lebo and give it a try
2	"Meh" is so right on for describing Luma. It's like a diner imitating a classy restaurant. Boring menu that never changes, uninspired cocktail list and a deplorable beer selection. I imagine they must have a lot of freezers for food storage. Servers go through the motions but know better than to give much of a shit. You seriously might as well just go to Eat 'n Park rather than paying moderately high prices for moderately bad food at Luma.
3	They have great crab cakes here, the sauce comes with it is awesome......but the other food is just so so...
1	I live in Washington DC. I game here for my sisters birthday.  The manager had to wait on our table because they were short staffed. At the time there were only 4 tables including ours. The food came out and it seemed it was sitting in the window for at least 10-15 minutes. I ordered the Ahi Tuna and it was absolutely horrible. Normally Ahi Tuna should come out red in the middle while cooked rare. This came out cold and pink meaning it must of been frozen.  Another person I was with ordered spicy shrimp and it came out with the pasta being hard almost as it sat in the window for an extended period of time. It is supposed to have shrimp in it but the manager told us that they ran out of tiger shrimp and had to use small frozen shrimp. The attitude from the manager seemed to he more or less ill take it off the bill or make it free vs making the food correct.  Offering to give away food for free really shows how they value their product. All the other reviews seem to be positive. However, if you are looking for a truly lively American Restaurant with exceptional food; Luma is not it.
3	The food was excellent!  The service was NOT.I had a Groupon for the Mt Lebanon location of Luma and as it was expiring, we decided to try it out.  I strongly urge you to make reservations at Luma.Honestly, it really felt like the people at Luma felt like they were doing US a favor by dining there so if I go back, I will never do so without a reservation.  We called at noon on Friday for our reservation and were able to get one for 6:45 that same night.The hostess is probably a very nice girl, but she could benefit from a little more training.  When she gave me the reservation, she siad, "well, we are not going to be able to put you anywhere but out on the patio."   it was POURING rain that day, so I was like, "Um, not thank you," and only then did she say, "Its enclosed."  So that was ok.The interior of Luma was surprisingly hip and had cool lighting effects.  I would definetly go here on a date--but what was also surprising was despite how hip and cool Luma is inside, the average age of the clientele (at least that night) was 55+.  And families.  We were led out onto the fully enclosed patio.  Sparsely decorated but I've got to say it was kind of cool to be out there on a very rainy day bc it was like sitting under and umbrella, I love rain.Heres what really sucked:  We were seated directly under an outdoor heater.  My contacts were drying out and sticking to my eyes.  It was SO WARM.  There were several empty tables but when I asked to be moved, the hostess said that wasn't an option.  WHAT. THE.FUCK.  So we suffered, and I put my glasses on.  But that really really sucked.  The hostess also said the heater couldn't be turned down, but when she went inside we turned it down ourselves.Our waitress took FOREVER to come to our tabel btu the 3 times she stopped by she was very nice.  FOOD: I had the stuffed salmon, and it was spectacular.  My friend had the crab cakes, and I heard they were also spectactular, but he was not sharing.  The problem is the experience sucked so much I just know the food was good but I don't remember much about it.The weirdest part of the evening is when the hostess came out and started dumping the remains of half drunk beverages over the side of the deck.  ???  That looked bizarre!  She even dumped my coke out right next to me before getting my refill.  Overall, the food was good and I did not think it was over priced.  It was a shame our waitress was S L O W and the hostess/reservations were crappy, but if they have another Groupon, I would definetly be back.  I dont know that I'd go back without the Groupoon, and if I do go back, I'd try to get in the dining room!  ...unless its raining
