1	Not a pleasant experience...I like to find the positive in most anything, but trying to do that for this location of 'Famous Ray's Pizza' is going to be a challenge.  We went in because Jared was craving a slice or two of pizza and we were headed north for the weekend.  At other pizza joints around town, you can literally walk in and choose your slice from the counter and it is ready to go... not the case here.Jared ordered his slices and I ordered what I thought would be a grilled chicken salad.  Side note - Jared questioned the girl taking our orders about what kind of meats and cheeses they use for their sandwiches and she had no idea.  He wanted to hear 'Boar's Head,' but he got a clueless expression instead.  Anyways, back to our order...Not only could he not choose his slice, but we waited a good 10 minutes for the slices and the salad... which would be ok if the food were good.  Unfortunately, the pizza was really greasy and the salad came with fried chicken (not grilled as I thought) and not only fried, but fried with a huge piece of hair inside it... GROSS!Since I did say I try to find the positive, I will say that when we made the restaurant aware of the hair in the salad, they offered to replace it, give us a pizza, or give us our money back... I was surprised when Jared said "it's ok, just remember us next time we're back."  I think he felt bad... needless to say, we will not be going back anytime soon - free pizza or not!
3	It may not be the nicest looking place in town but you can't beat Ray's pepperoni - delicious!  I've had better luck with whole pies vs the standalone slices; don't know why.  Maybe they've just been sitting out too long.
1	Whoever the manager was on Sunday 30th Dec was awful. I called to let him know that we got a pizza with things on it we did not order. His response was, "we use a mix so if you order green peppers you get other peppers, and i'll bet you $1000.00 there was no tomato on your pizza, you're just saying that because you didn't like my pizza".Not acceptable. I will never go there again. We have given them many chances and I'm always disappointed. If I have the opportunity to talk to the owner I will let him know his people need to step it up...My only frustration is that we actually have tipped ungrateful people :(
5	Have been coming to this rays for years with many family members and friends. We love coming here and have become regulars and are recognized by the friendly individuals whom work here each time we walk through the doors. They are extremely hard working and have always given our family a great experience each time we come in. The pizza is great as well as the subs and one of our favorites, the antipasto salad. We have made it a tradition to come eat here after every lake trip over the summer. I recommend this rays over all the others in the area. We love it!
5	the location has been taken over by a new owner.   Great lunch specials   quick servicewe try to get here at least once a month.   Give the new guy a shot.   You won't be disappointed!
1	I understand why the place is always empty because the food sucks. The manager is rude everytime I go and the food takes for ever to make. I been there 3 times and I always leave pissed off. (I go to rays at last minute because Joeys next door always busy) I will never go back to rays.
3	Something in the water out here in Arizona prevents the production of first rate pizza.  Even the Grimaldi's and NYPD's can't attain the quality of crust that you get on the East Coast.  Oh well...Ray's does the job of satisfying our pizza cravings. The cheese is a bit salty, and the crust is somewhat floppy.  Wait, sounds like a corner pizza store in small-town USA.  Which is exactly what this is.
1	The guy who took our order reeked of cigarettes. As we were eating our pizza he went outside to smoke again. I watched him when he came in and he did not wash his hands. Hand to mouth contact. I dont want your saliva in or on my pizza. He then went to the back and started handling food. The pizza was good and he was a nice guy. I just dont like the person making or delivering my food reeking like an ashtray. As we left there was an ashtray full of nasty, stinky cigarettes outside the door. Not what i want to see when I am going into an establishment to eat.We are new to the area and were hoping this would be our new pizza place. Will now have to keep looking.
