3	This proves that if I live long enough, I'll eventually stop at every Wells Fargo branch in Las Vegas.I was in the neighborhood, needed to stop at an ATM, so why not?  The people in front of me didn't dawdle, and I was in and out almost before I could check in.  Since there were no photos yet, I had to drive around front and get one.  That's an extra star for me.
2	After seriously giving up on the Rancho location (which is only a mile away from work), thought I would try this location (2 miles away). Ok, I don't know what's with Wells Fargo, but they don't seem to get customer service. No matter what branch I go to, they are ALWAYS short in tellers. There always seems to be an issue when I come here. The systems are down, not enough tellers, the really slow teller I seem to always end up with, the business line takes just as long, they don't have change. Never ending list. There are however, 2 tellers that I have become acquainted with who are fast and friendly, Pariese and Carlos. Thank you guys for making my trips bearable. Kudos to you guys, but seriously Wells Fargo, when will you step up?
2	I've always had to wait in super long gone lines at this place and the customer service isn't the best. Every now and again you'll get one employee that will be nice, but that's few and far between. If you have plans after the bank make sure you at least have 45 minutes to spare.
3	Each month I make an appearance to pay my car loan.Somehow I usually luck out and get the same cashier- the older hispanic lady to the far left. That's not a complaint though, because she's fast and genuinely friendly, the type that will ask about your day and wish you a great upcoming weekend. I'm actually kind of bummed that I can't remember her name- first starts with an M, last is Delgado. It's on her nametag, I'm not a stalker.Lines here tend to move fast, they have a lot of tellers present when I come between 3-5PM on weekdays, and I've never used the drive-thru. There also seem to be a lot of personal banking employees standing around or chatting by the desks. This location seems to be exceptionally well staffed compared to others.
