4	For a quick bite to eat, this place really hits the spot.  After not eating for literally the entire day and walking the floor of the CES, I came here for a relatively inexpensive fast meal that I could take back.  Thinking I was incredibly hungry, I ordered two sandwiches - the Italian and a chicken parm, as well as a cannoli.   Eyes truly bigger than my stomach, I could only eat half of each sandwich and was sufficiently stuffed.  Chicken parm though, really delicious.  Don't hesitate to order it.  I could do without the Italian and the cannoli.  The cannoli in particular was way too sweet.  Also have good-looking gelato and lots of coffee options, though I'm not a coffee drinker (gasp!) so I couldn't tell you about it.
5	Va Bene offers a lot more than coffee and is a great spot to check out for coffee and...broccolini? Yeah, fresh, garlic-punched broccolini. On separate occasions, I indulged in an iced coffee, mini cookies, plain coffee (now with soy available!) and on pizza night, headed over for a side of broccolini for a nice side of roughage.Overall, great service and a beautiful addition to the shoppes and the Cosmo. The coffee is smooth and the perfect pick-me up while in the area.
3	The coffee is fine, nothing spectacular, the same goes for the pastries. The lines move fast, though, which is a plus when you need that caffeine fix first thing in the morning.
3	I like this place because it is one of the very few places that serve Illy coffee. It reminded me of a cafe in Rome. Located in the Cosmopolitan, it is convenient place to get your coffee and food to go. Also, they have quick eats here like sandwiches, salads, and pastries. The place doesn't have a table, but you can stand and get a quick bite. There is no better place for your coffee than Va Bene.
3	Service - 6Atmosphere - 6Food - 7Vegetarian Friendly - 9General Awesomeness - 6Great gelato, we got some pastries to go for breakfast the next day, they were good too.  Nothing really stood out as great, but nothing wrong either.  If you are walking by and want a coffee or some sweets, stop it.  Don't go out of your way.
4	Great little spot for coffee at the Cosmopolitan, and near Crystals shopping area.  Free wifi from the hotel (no log in page even).Good for lattes.  Grad a croissant (chocolate for a quarter more), even though they are already $4 a pop.  Pretty large though.
4	Modern and up-to-date with digital menu boards, this bustling coffee shop in the Cosmo in Vegas has fabulous, friendly staff and a great selection of coffee, gelato, sweets and sandwiches.I just had the $4 coffee, which was decent. Everything looked delicious though.
2	After an Elite Yelp event I snacked on some pizza and washed it down with some mint chocolate chip gelato from Va Benne. They only have one size -- 2 scoops for $4.50. It was ok... not enough minty goodness and a touch on the bland side. Definitely not worth the calories.They also had plenty of paninis and baked goods that looked pretty good. It's a worth a stop if you're looking for an inexpensive dining option at the Cosmo.
3	Great little snack spot inside the Cosmopolitan...they have a nice little assortment of various drinks and baked goods!I stopped by here on a hot Vegas afternoon and tried out their Passion Fruit cream soda...My initial reaction after the liquid hit my tongue was MEH, but after the second and third sip, it started tasting a lot better!I also took a few sips of the orange cream soda that one of my friends ordered, but I still liked the passion fruit cream soda more.If I'm ever in the Cosmo again, I'd definitely stop by and check out the other snacks here.
4	Fast friendly service, and they make a great ice chai with a shot of expresso with no questions....that is sometimes hard to find. A little expensive, $4 for a self serve coffee and $6.50 for a chai. This coffee shop has no place to sit so don't bring a paper or a computer. For me if the price was a little lower they would get 5 stars =)  Aaron
4	Not a fan of italian pasta dishes, but i sure love their sandwiches!!This italian coffee/gelato bar/shop is just around the corner near Cosmo's Marquee. It's easily passed by since it just a tiny store between restaurants and shops however. This place is IT!I went here for a quick dinner prior to partying @ the Marquee. Service is decent, waiting time is not even there. Staff is nice, place is petite, nothing fancy, but then the food is delicious. Their sandwiches, as simple as they get are awesomely mouth watering. Don't have the appetite for ice cream but they're gelato looks yummy though i haven't tried it. Will come back here for a decent bang for your buck quick grub, if you don't wanna fall out of line to Marquee!!!!
4	i liked the white chocolate espresso and italian breakfast panini
2	The taste was a 3 star, but $6.49 for a 16 oz iced vanilla soy latte? Really? Definitely minus one star for the ridiculously expensive prices. I could have gotten 2 drinks at Starbucks, and taste isn't much different either.
3	My cousin got the white chocolate mocha and I got the vanilla latte with a shot of hazelnut.  Not sure if she even got the right order and her drink was warm.  Mine however never came out.  I had to address it to them and they finally got it right.  My coffee was pretty good.  Just really dissatisfied with the service.
4	I only got a caramel latte, it was delicious. Service was good too, she deserved a tip.
4	Amazing roasted beet  salad marinated with vinagrette and mixed with mandarin oranges and red cabbage.   Worth a visit.
3	Glad it is here.  Certainly a good thing to have in the hotel and I came here several times during my stay.  And it's just fine.  Not as efficient as a Starbucks.  Croissant not as good as Pret-a-manger.  Pineapple chestnut thing was tasty and light and the espresso coffees were just fine.
2	Only tried their caramel soy lattes here, but my friends tried other coffee drinks. I am not a  big coffee drinker but I am picky with coffee when I DO drink it and I think this place is OK.  We went here because we stayed at the Cosmopolitan and could not find a coffee bean or starbucks nearby. However, we were not disappointed, nor were we uberly-impressed. BUT their staff was exceptionally friendship and amazing and for that reason, I would definitely go back!
2	Illy espresso made by robotic-like servers.   Espresso plus a barely edible chocolate croissant was close to $10.  The shop itself was sort of cool, in a chrome and 1980's GQ sort of way.
3	Satified my craving for a Hazelnut Americano.
5	After waiting nearly an hour to pay and line up for Wicked Spoon buffet, I ran over to Va Bene Caffe, in heels, at that, to satiate my growling tummy. Everything in Vegas is expensive, but this food was DARN good. I ordered the blueberry muffin on two different occasions. It's the first I've had with a crispy exterior and a soft interior. SOOO GOOD!! The hot cocoa is what we call "CoCocaine," because it's sooo rich and delicious that it's addictive!My server was so sweet and open with recommendations. I also love the look of the place -- very modern. You can't go expecting much, but a darn good snack. Yum!
3	I didn't go into the actual restaurant but I greatly appreciated the fact that they had a little coffee cart right by the elevators on the second floor so that I could run down in my pjs and grab a couple of lattes and pastry to bring up to the room.  On a related note, what's up with the Cosmo not providing coffee makers in their rooms?  In our suite, we had a fridge, a microwave, a dishwasher (I'm being serious) but no coffee pot. WTF?!
2	Although I didn't actually pay for the coffee myself, I know the price is far too expensive for what it was worth. I had a medium iced white mocha latte, and was really disappointed. The syrup to coffee & milk ratio was perfect which is usually hard to find, but the espresso shot itself was at best was a 15 second shot and tasted too bitter. Maybe i'm being a snot because I used to be a Barista, but I'd much rather drink the illy coffee at work than go back here again.
3	I'm only rating this place a 3-star simply because I had a great enough company with me to disregard the overpriced coffee and muffins I bought. The place, no doubt, has a great atmosphere. It leans more to the contemporary and trendy style but $5 for a really small cup of latte and another $4.50 for a muffin pushed it a little for me. Still, my friend and I were on the strip and like Disneyland, overpriced food was inevitable. We sat on the bar stools overlooking the lounge across the cafe. The service was really good, we had a cool, flamboyant cashier who was very accomodating. I'd say it was very smart of the Cosmopolitan to fit in a little cafe amongst the high end shops and glittery chandelier lounges but if possible, perhaps cutting back on the pricing could help garner more customers, not that there weren't a lot when we went. People were enthusiastically handing over their $10-20 bills for a pastry and drink. For the most part, keep in mind you'll ultimately be paying for the fancy atmosphere so not unless you're planning on staying in for awhile to chit-chat, go to the Mirage and get yourself a starbucks.
4	ILLY COFFEE that means its good coffee.  Little Pricey but there is a price when you pay for good coffee...
3	Even though the Cosmopolitan is filled with restaurants (and their awesome buffet!), I think it's pretty cool how they still manage to fit in a cute, little coffee/gelato shop.  Of course, it's still rather chic and modern like the rest of the hotel...but a coffee/gelato shop nonetheless.After seeing their case of Panini's and sandwiches earlier in the day, I stopped off on my way to my room to grab a Chicken Milanese sandwich for dinner before heading back out for the night.  Essentially a breaded and fried chicken cutlet with a spiced tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese, the sandwich was surprisingly filling but it was just okay.  I loved the melted mozzarella, but I got a tired of the sauce by the end (the spice kind of overpowered everything else).   While the chicken cutlet was fine for the most part, it kind of sucked how the breading started to get soggy by the time I got back to my room (the sandwich steamed itself during the walk from Va Bene to my room).  Hard to blame Va Bene for that one though.Between the small Orangina and Chicken Milanese sandwich I had, my dinner was quick, but not really cheap for what I had ($13 or so).  Not all that shocking being the Strip, but there are better sandwich options nearby if you're willing to walk (JJ's at Paris or Earl's at PH).  Otherwise they aren't bad and offer plenty of menu choices for a caffeine fix to keep you going for the day.  Or night.
3	If you're staying at the Cosmo this is a good breakfast option. It's good and quick, which I like because it lets you get on with your day in Vegas. I did see that they also offer coffee and gelato, however, I can't comment on the taste of either of those options. The caffe is small, there isn't really a place to sit and eat/drink your purchase at this location, but it's near enough to other seating options.Star #1: Flavorful food. Panini was good.Star #2: Food causes cravings. No.Star #3: Price worthiness. I feel like I have to scale my price worthiness on what's available in the area. It's $11 for the sandwich, which is a pricey sandwich, however, it's tasty and convenient. So yes, I feel like it's worth it for the convenience. You do have the option crossing the pedestrian bridge to the Miracle Mile area for cheaper food options.Star #4: Decent service. Minimal interaction, but there were no incidents.Star #5: X factor (ie amazing service, ambiance, creativity, etc). No X factor, but I'm going to mention that the decor is cute and it fits in nicely with the rest of the hotel.
2	My husband and I stopped by Va Bene Caffe, a coffee shop inside The Cosmopolitan, for some gelato. We ordered a scoop of the tiramisu gelato, which was $5.41 w/tax. To get a waffle cone was $9 plus tax. The texture of the gelato was quite good--smooth and creamy--but the flavor was somewhat lacking, weak without any depth. The cafe has extremely limited seating, and fortunately we arrived on a slow weekday afternoon and found a seat.For the price, even though this is Vegas, Va Bene Caffe is so-so.
5	Best food I've ever had from counter service. Salads are great, as as well as sandwiches. Not a restaurant by any means, but great for grab and go.
2	$3.50 for a cup of tea????? I know this is Vegas, but I didn't realize hot water was a commodity.
2	Ordered the Italian sandwich and a coke 17 bucks! Sandwich was just A-okay but I was super hungry so oh well probably would not go back for real food but ice cream looked good.
3	This place is nothing special.  Just a glorified Starbucks.  The cosmopolitan is pretty cool though.
4	I love the hazelnut latte here! There is almost always a line, but they are really efficient and move the line fast. I only had the hazelnut latte here, but they have tons of options and ice cream too!
4	This little spot was a pleasant surprise. We decided to go here for desert because we didn't want to spend more money at Comme Ca. The employees are friendly and happy to assist you in choosing out a flavor. We went with a white mocha latte which went down very smooth and had a rich flavor. We each had a scoop of the gelatto-- my girlfriend opted for the pistachio and i went with the chocolate chip and cream. Both very impressive-- I must say that the pistachio takes the cake because it had the strongest pistachio flavor of any ice cream i have ever had...anywhere. The chips and cream was buttery and delicious. The next time we're in the Cosmo we will probably be back for seconds.
3	I came here to get coffee to keep myself from passing out during the 1.5 hour wait in line for Wicked Spoon! Their coffee is nice, high quality. The fact that they are inside the Cosmopolitan gives you an idea that you will be spending more than at other coffee shops.Be aware that they do charge 25 cents if you ask for a cup of tap water.
2	My BF and I stayed at the Cosmopolitan the last time we were in Vegas.  Of course, coffee was the first thing on our minds in the morning and Va Bene is the only coffee house at the Cosmopolitan.  No biggie, right?  Wrong.  Two coffees (one drip and one iced--literally, just iced, not a latte!) and an egg panini cost us $23!  After that, my BF was in a pissed off mood.  He couldn't believe we just spent THAT much on a breakfast sandwich (we shared!) and two coffees that would've been a 1/3rd the price at a Starbucks.Skip this place.  Go outside, cross the street, and get your coffee at 7-11.
4	These guys have an espresso kiosk on the second floor of the West Tower. All I want in life in the morning is good coffee without any trouble, and that kiosk fits the bill admirable. Perfect latte, good blueberry muffin and kind staff. They'll get my morning trade anytime.
2	The place is cute and convenient and it's nice to be able to sit in the nearby lounge area. However the prices are high for mediocre coffee. They serve the coffee scorching hot and it lacks fullness/body. The pastries and gelato are ok but it's so much better at the Bellagio.
3	Good coffee and fun decor, but so pricey!! I guess that describes a lot of the businesses found within the Cosmo, sigh. As the hotel's only real coffee bar, the morning crowd here on a Saturday was pretty insane. I got a small Chirascuro (fancy name for "black and white") Mocha and it was like $6. I think a friend's regular drip coffee was like $4--which she had to go get herself from those dispenser carafes, I might add. I didn't try any of their food but their dessert and deli case did look amazing. Well the next time I feel like spending $20 at a coffee place I'll go back and try those items.
4	Just had a coffee and cheese Danish from here while staying at the cosmopolitan. Seriously one of the BEST cheese Danish I've ever had, however it is very pricey (but what isn't in Vegas).
5	We eat here every time we stay at Cosmo. Unfortunately the Cosmo doesn't have a lot of dining choices so we frequently grab a sandwich and salad from Va Bene and its always great!
1	1.5my flight was delayed so everyone was going to do wicked spoon lunch after checking out from our respective hotels..i didn't think i was going to make my flight after seeing the long line at wicked spoon so opted to catch a cab.. my friend was adamant about getting me a bite to go (i didn't eat much during my entire trip)ordered:-prosciutto panini: this was ok, wished there were more slices but it started to get really salty halfway through-iced chai: love chai so this was good and refreshing if i was going to get an overpriced panini i'd rather go back to jean philippe bc it was slightly more filling..
3	I was craving for something cold and icy, I asked the casino host for some advice and they show me up to this joint.I got a blended cafe mocha, it satisfied my cravings but something wasn't quite right.  Didn't taste rich, needed more sweet.  Should of asked for some caramel.  A tall cup is $8.30
2	Super pricey! Wow!I know this place is the only coffee joint in The Cosmopolitan, but are you serious?! Seven to Eight bucks for blended drinks?! Crazy stuff.To top it off, the coffee and pastries are average at best. I would say Starbucks at a different hotel is a better bet. If you want great coffee, head over to Palio at the Bellagio!
4	I stopped in twice here during my three day stay at the Cosmopolitan. The first stop was unexpected because I didn't realize that this hotel has a coffee/cafe shop, so when I saw gelato, I had to check it out. I got a small scoop of the Nutella gelato... Ahhhmazing :) My second stop consisted of 3 min before I had to be on the shuttle back to the airport, so I didn't really pick and choose what I wanted. I grabbed three desserts  - a Chocolate cannoli, a delish looking cheese danish for the bf, and a raspberry tart pastry. Three pastries equaled to about $15, which is wayyyy too much for my liking. But due to its incredibly convenient location next to all the restaurants and stores on the 2nd or 3rd floor (don't remember), I give this place four stars rather than three. Also, everything I did try, was incredibly delicious and fresh. I hope my next stay in Vegas will be at the Cosmopolitan, because honestly, it does NOT get better than that, so I will def be back to Va Bene for a quick bite to eat, or just some cold gelato to cool off in the heat!
4	I got the Salted caramel peanut gelato because i LOVE caramel!! Very smooth, creamy, yummy, cold, and delicious. They also got affogato here.
3	My second review as a resident of Las Vegas and my first stop of my coffee house hunt, located on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo (same floor as marquee) it was JUST OK, Va Bene uses illy beans which isn't my preference (Hakimer , intelligentsia) but it turned out okay.I ordered a medium iced coffee at $5.60 with tax (nevada has a state tax of 8.1% for beverages and food, BOOOO..) pricey even for LA standards.. on to the next one, can i get some recommendations for coffee houses on and off the strip??
4	I work at a retail store in the cosmopolitan and I often stop in here before my morning shift. Victoria is always personable and greets me by name, and every member of the staff is helpful and very nice. Prices are a little steep, but I'm always happy with my beverage. I recommend the grapefruit salad and the pastries are always fresh!
5	OH MY CHAI!  ridiculously overpriced, hands down BEST chai tea EVER!  I also love that the managers are always on the line taking orders and making drinks!  THAT is teamwork!  Nicely done!
4	When I stay at the Cosmo i always come down here for coffee in the morning.  They have very good service, the girls at the front are always patient while I make my decision.  The coffee has been smooth and slightly above average.  The only thing i don't like is that they take forever to complete your drink- whether it's 1 or 5, I have always waited 7-10 minutes for my drink.  They also have the BEST nutella gelato.
4	The OJ is refreshing and delicious. I also had a chocolate chip muffin & fruit. All were tasty. A little on the pricey side.
4	Every time I am here at the Cosmopolitan, I'd stop by Va Bene for a scoop of coffee gelato. At ~$6 for a scoop, this place isn't cheap but the ice cream is rather delicious. You're not allowed to bring food into the Chandelier Bar but the waitress will make an exception for a scoop of gelato. ;)
3	Pros:- Located super close to Marquee so if you're hungry, it's a good place to grab a bite- Caprese salad was good, as was the pasta one- White chocolate mocha with soy milk was good, kinda sweet- Quick serviceCons:- Pricier - Limited seating- Super crowded before day clubbing
4	Had the most basic drink: a small coffee.But it was very tasty. I think it was Illy.  However, I think that little cup of coffee was over $3.  But it is the Cosmo, so I'm not sure if you can find a cheaper coffee.   I think the lattes were over $5! and I don't think it comes with a gold leaf or anything.There wasn't too much of a line so it was very quick, but when we left a huge group of people were in line, and depending on what they order, I have no idea how long it could take (e.g., gelato, sandwiches, snacks, etc).Takes credit cards, so that was convenient.If you're looking for a coffee, it's really not a bad option, just be prepared to pay for it, as if the coffee were made of gold.
1	$6.25 for an iced coffee isn't expensive it is price gouging.
4	Try cafe latte .. And butter crossiant
1	Impossible to get my coffee right even after returning over and over. I used to work on the property so I would come in often and even after a pricey coffee that included a discount it still would not live up to Wynn's standards. Never again.
3	This is a cute little coffee and gelato shop located in the Cosmopolitan. $9 for 2 scoops of gelato in a waffle cone was pretty steep, but all you need to know is that their straciatella flavor is amazing. Another thing is that I usually love Pistachio flavored things, but their pistachio gelato tasted more like peanut butter...I didn't try get to try the coffee that day because I lost in black jack, but perhaps next time?
4	I was on the hunt for macaroons & spotted them in the pastry case. The service was great and the employees were very friendly and helpful! I had a great experience and the macaroons were fantastic! I will definitely stop in the next time I'm in Vegas! Macaroons were a tad pricey but you get what you pay for so I can't complain!
3	Friendly and quick service - great for grabbing a bite to go. Picked up a breakfast panini (the bread was very hard, ouch, but it was scrumptious otherwise), orange juice, and a cookie here. Kinda pricey but it was to be expected. There aren't too many other options in the vicinity so it's convenient that they carry the good basics. 3.5 stars!
3	Stumbled upon this place in our hungover state. No wonder this place is only getting 3 stars! No one wants to pay $5 for a coffee/juice and wait forever on slow service when desperately seeking respite from the night before. Thought a pastry would be tasty sustenance for the morning, but the almond croissant was so... chewy. We sadly slunk back into our heavily-curtained room and gave up that morning.
5	A lot of reviewers commented on the high prices........ Come on people, this is the Cosmopolitan and if you're staying at the hotel, you already are paying a higher than averge price for the rooms, so paying $6 for coffee is normal.I've been here many times.  Their butter croissants are out of this world!  They're flaky and layered and just melt in your mouth.  The Italian breakfast sandwich is also very yummy and can be shared.  The ice cream is smooth and creamy.  The muffins were a tad on the dry side but yummy as well.Nothing beats a caffe mocha and a croissant after you've rolled put of bed and stumbled down to this place.  I just wish they had other locations.
3	PART 1: boring breakfastWhat a waste of money! $13 for a mediocre iced latte and a Danish? I ordered the Danish but was given A croissant. Sadly I was too far away to return it. Neither were worth the money and I think I could get the equivalent at a street cartPART 2: gelato redemptionHave you ever thought, that Nutella is good it would be better As gelato? Me either, but I wish I had. It was perfectly flavored and went delightfully with mint crunch. The homemade waffle cone was not worth the extra cost.2 stars for breakfast4 stars for gelatoAverage: 3 stars have the gelato but eat somewhere else
4	Not sure why this place has negative reviews, but for morning coffee and pastries this place is pretty good. Compared to room service, this place is cheap! Have had coffee and pastries from this place almost every morning while in Vegas over the last two years, and it's a good value. Way better than Starbucks too! The only complaint is they can be a little slow sometimes, but sometimes it takes time to make a specialty coffee so I understand. Overall, a great place to grab a quick breakfast!
5	Cost is high but you get great service and its about the location as well.  Your in one of the nicer hotels so don't expect not to spend some money on breakfast.  Coffees are kept fresh and when you ask for a triple shot they do not short you like a few other places... Worth it.
4	Not to damn Va Bene with faint praise, but I will say that this was the least disappointing place I ate at in Vegas.  Coming from the Northeast and marrying into an Italian family, I've had a lot of excellent gelato in my day.  While Va Bene is not quite on par with that, it was pretty close.  I had a scoop of nutella and a scoop of coffee with white chocolate crunch.  I thoroughly enjoyed both.  I also got coffee from here a few times.  It was fresh and delicious every time.  If you need a quick, good cup of coffee, or a snack, not a bad place to go.
4	Va Bene is a nice italian coffee house. They know how to make a proper cappuccino with a lovely head of foam. They also have a nice selection of fresh pasties. They also have a few breakfast sandwiches that are tasty. I ate breakfast here a couple of times on my last visit to Vegas and made a couple mid-day stops for a quick double shot of esspresso pick me up.
5	Grape Fruit Salad!! Italian Breakfast Sandwich!! The Coffee!! All delicious! I ate the GF salad everyday! Yea it's pricey BUT so is this hotel.. So worth it! If your worried about the extra few $$. It's not for you. I still think about the GF salad daily. :)
3	While our stay at the Cosmo I purchased 2 small mochas (a regular and a coconut made with soy) and 2 muffins (bran and apple cinnamon) in the morning for Hubs and I. The staff was friendly and helpful. Order was ready quickly and correctly. They serve a small selection of pastries, parfaits, pre-made sandwiches, gelato and fruit.The mochas turned our great and the muffins were fresh and delicious. A little over priced but to be expected in a hotel (paying for convenience) Overall it is much better compared to the nearby Starbucks. My total with tax was $23.24. Decent place to grab a good coffee and a quick bite.
1	If you like being taken advantage of, go here- this could be your morning coffee run.. We were staying at the Cosmo and decided on our last day to give this coffee shop a try instead if walking across to the PH Starbucks. Tried to order 2 iced coffees with flavor, one with soy. Had to give the order THREE times to the woman behind the counter. Also got a blueberry muffin and a banana. The first time it was rung up, the total was $18. I handed her my money, when all of a sudden the total jumps to $26 (!). I questioned the mark-up and the on duty manager came over. She verified my order as iced coffees, I said yes, and yet it still got rung up as $26. I don't care how fancy, or expensive a hotel is- at some point it becomes price gauging and taking advantage of tourists. I told them to forget the order, I would go to Starbucks. Staff tried to tell me it would cost the same there (we actually laughed at that). Ordered the SAME thing at the 'bucks, came to TEN dollars less. Take the five minutes to cross the walkway to Planet Hollywood!!
3	Snazzy coffee shop in the Cosmopolitan.  Stopped by here to pick up a latte (for me) and blueberry muffin (for the kids) to snack on while we waited in the monstrous line for Thanksgiving Wicked Spoon.  Nothing spectacular about either item and very comparable to a Starbucks.  Latte lacked a thick foam on top (so it was basically just hot milk and espresso) and the muffins were just meh.  But they did the job in staving off the hunger pangs that we all suffered from in that long LONG buffet line...  At least you don't have to walk too far for a coffee.
2	No.walk away. the design and fanciness of this place makes me cringe. the staff here are sweet. i had fun bs-ing with them while ordering my coffees. i stayed at the Cosmo for a week and got coffee here 3 times only out of convenience. each and every time, a SIMPLE iced coffee and regular coffee taste foul and the grinds were in there. i also grabbed coffees for others at Va Bene Cafe, but their mochas, latte and coffee all had faults to them. I walked to Starbucks across the street at Planet Hollywood or even Walgreens will better suffice.
1	Nothing is va bene at Va Bene... except their croissant is passable. We usually stay at the palazzo when we go in big groups and I'm used to getting a perfect coffee and PERFECT croissant from Bouchon Bakery every morning when I'm in Vegas.This time around was a smaller group so we opted for the Cosmo. I love this casino... but am VERY disappointed in Va Bene. NON VA BENE.First, it took me repeating my order multiple multiple times for them to get it all. The drinks were a little complicated but nothing an experienced barista couldn't handle:Small iced vanilla latte, regular milk, 1/2 the vanilla syrupSmall almond milk cappuccinoThis took a little longer than desired but understandable. The 1/2 syrup throws some people... I guess...Then I said, banana, OJ, plain croissant. THIS was where they got confused. Multiple times.Then the cashier who was standing right next to the person taking my order and just waiting for me was NOT listening and I had to repeat everything AGAIN for the 10th time to just pay.Whatever... they looked super tired and maybe that's it. Though I would imagine they work at a cafe... they should be expecting a crowd in the mornings.Then as I wait for my order at the side, the woman bringing my food items CRUSHES my croissant between her arm and her boob. I mean... DUDE.... make two trips or put the croissant on top of the other customer's boxed order.... there were other options other than crushing the ONLY thing passable about va bene.The croissant surprisingly was very flakey and had that fermented flavor. I will give them that.Then the latte comes which I cannot verify in terms of quality.Then I wait. And then wait. And then wait as three customers who had bigger orders and were after me came and went.THEN I get my cappuccino. I leave and get to my room. Take a sip of this long awaited caffeine goodness and BLECH. It tastes basically BURNT. After last night's perfect cup from Scarpetta.... this tasted like cigarette ashes.WORST.
5	Great pistachio gelato and service was friendly and fantastic!  Would stop by every time we come to Vegas! Did I mention the pistachio gelato?
5	Delicious, creamy gelato.  The best I've had.  The sugar free chocolate gelato is so outstanding you can't tell it's sugar free.
2	CAUTION: Mild ranting to follow...I went to this coffee shop after having just arrived to the Cosmo, our hotel, after a 5+ hour drive; thus, coffee was a necessity! :)Anyway, I was happy they had almond milk, BUT dismayed by the price. $7 for a regular almond milk  hazelnut latte.  In addition, I asked for a cup of water and the barista tried to charge me $.25, so I said forget it.  The flavor of the coffee was fine, but it was nothing special.  After having Stumptown coffee in New York for cheaper than $7, this was a joke.  I know Vegas is expensive, but there are other coffee shops that will probably be cheaper in Vegas.  Some cons, though, are that if you want a flavor shot or almond milk, they charge a lot more.  For hazelnut flavor, they charged me like $1.50 and then another $.50-$.75 for the almond milk, which added up to a ridiculous $7+! ...end of rant.Overall, not worth it.  I would venture across the street to the Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf. It is a bit pricey as well with flavor shots and non-dairy milk substitutes but at least they give you a 16 ounce beverage, instead of a double-the-price 12 ounce beverage.  If worse comes to worse...can't believe I am saying this...just go to Starbucks...at least you know the price is standard and what to expect.
5	Best chocolate croissants ever had. Buttery and flakey. Wish to come back at another time to try the rest of their breakfast pastries.
1	Coffe was bland but the espresso was good. Hard to mess up espresso tho I guess. Staff was really nice tho. Starbucks is better and I don't say that lightly.
5	On the way back from a breakfast special at Planet Hollywood, we passed this place on the way to the elevator leading to our room in the Cosmopolitan.  We saw from the mall area, a generous Almond Croissant that beckoned us by name and rifled through our pockets for the dollars and cents it would cost to buy it!  Hmmm....this was THE BEST croissant my husband and I have ever had and almond.......up the wazoo...best $5.42 we ever spent on a pastry.
3	Cute cafe inside the cosmopolitan.Modern seating area and design.Friendly and service.Coffee was good, but not worth 4.60$ for a medium.
1	Bought chicken millines sandwich. Returned sandwich. Will not purchase or refund in the future.
5	I could not find a coffee bar one morning and stumbled upon this place. It was crowded but the line moved fast. They have so many selections of munchies, teas and coffee. I was very pleased with it! Regular priced for Vegas
3	OVERPRICED!!!!! but....Delicious. This is not your ordinary cheap coffee shop. They have great tasting coffee and pastries but it's overpriced, especially if you are staying at the Cosmo for more than 3 days and you need coffee or tea daily as a quick picker upper. I ordered 1 coffee, 1 tea, 2 chocolate croissants and 1 yogurt parfait and the total came out to almost $35. Yikes
3	I'm all about continuous networking and building relationships with all sorts of people in all sorts of industries. When I had the opportunity to meet with a regional manager from Yelp, I didn't want to miss that chance. We both decided to meet up at Va Bene Caffe as she was staying at the Cosmo. When I walked into this place I was pleasantly surprised! For a coffee shop, this place was pretty stacked. You first notice the huge windows separating this cafe from the Cosmo floor. There's a red and black theme going on which gives that regal modern impression. There are high chairs and bistro table tops for seating. The was ok. They were nice when you asked for help, but didn't really offer it. This joint offers gelato, pastries, alcohol, coffee and tea. Pastries go for about $3-$5, coffees and teas around $3-$7 and cocktails for $12. On my visit, I got the large green mint tea for $5. They used 3 tea bags to make a dark green flavor accompanied with a lot of depth. Along with that, there was a prominent mint presence. The tea was made scalding hot though. I had to wait almost 10 minutes just to be able to enjoy it. This place is definitely a product of a strip casino. The look is modern, dramatic and totally consistent to what the Cosmo stands for. Through the glitz and glamour, it's just a regular coffee shop. When you're in the Cosmo, be sure to check them out. On my next visit, I'm going straight for the gelato!
4	Delicious coffee, pastries, and sandwiches. There's two locations one on the first floor and one on the second floor near the east side towers.What's nice about it is you can get free refills of coffee :)
5	I only tried the croissant.... And it was soo good! So flaky and buttery... The outer shell was crispy and then inside was so soft and velvety. Yummmmmm I want some more
2	We stopped for breakfast this morning. Everything was ok, but not wonderful. The cashier wasn't listening & failed to give us our pastries. My husbands mocha was more like hot chocolate & my was just ok. My muffin was a bit on the stale side.
4	I recently went back and was a bit disappointed  - the croissants were not as great/fresh as they were before.  Hope that they will work on it, since this used to be my favorite place for breakfast & croissants.  They are still better then other places, so it's worth a try....
5	Good coffee, nice pastries quick service nice atmosphereCome here every morning and love it
1	My iced latte was mediocre and overpriced, I also had their version of a Cronut and that was pretty good, But my gripe here is with the staff, who are INCREDIBLY RUDE! Service matters, because it can ruin an experience no matter how good food can be. Everyone in the hotel has been gracious until my boyfriend tried to order a chai latte with soy milk and an add shot. The cashier kept interrupting him when he was asked to repeat his order not letting him finish his sentence because he was confused about the add shot request and spoke in a condescending irritated tone and practically rolled his eyes at us!   Service was so bad I felt compelled to speak to the manager because I was so appalled at how we were being treated and wanted to prevent others from experiencing this, unfortunately they were unavailable. The baristas saw this happening and I could tell they were uncomfortable with what was going on. I'll save my caffeine fix for Starbucks instead next time, sorry Cosmo you hired whack people at this place.
4	Love their breakfast panini sandwich it doesn't disappoint! Large enough for 2, and has egg, cheese, prosciutto, and pesto served on toasted sourdough! Yum! The line can be long to grab one but goes very quickly! They also have pastries, coffees, smoothies, desserts and more! If you're watching your wallet, kinda pricey!
3	Yes, the coffee is good.  However, $9 for an Americano is CRAZY.  The mark-up is out of control and you end up buying it because you don't want to actually sit at a restaurant, call room-service, or leave the building.  Sigh.
1	This cafe is located at the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino by the west tower. I was staying at the Cosmo for a conference so I needed some breakfast. Their selection was very limited. I got an almost croissant and it was waaay too sweet. It was more like eating dessert. I also needed a bottle of water. It was like 5 bucks for a bottle of Smart Water. If it was Fiji water I wouldn't mind as much. I got 2 bottles of water and 2 croissants for $20. So expensive and I didn't even finish the croissant. I didn't go back here. I found out McDonalds  was close by at Planet Hollywood so I ended up going there for breakfast the next few days. And there's also a Walgreens close by so you can probably buy a pack of water bottles for 5-6 bucks. Would NOT recommend.
1	This place is pretty much a breakfast snack shop. I think it might be open 24 hours but not sure. I was staying at Cosmopolitan and was looking for a little bite to eat for breakfast. I ordered two almond croissants and 2 waters and it came out to $20! This place was too pricey for what it was. All there is in the menu was breakfast things. Not sure why it is open 24 hours then and they don't add more food to their stand.I would recommend trying to find other places to get food than this because this is way to pricey for what they are selling. If you're desperate and need something to drink/eat and can't find anywhere else, then go here. I won't be coming back here and will walk whatever distance I have to to get my food/drinks.
4	I came here at some awful hour of the day and was pleased they were open. I looked forward to the illy espresso and people watching, but was a little shell shocked when I saw the price for my latte. A medium latte came to $7. I paid the $7 and was very pleased with my drink. It was perfectly prepared and I had a nice conversation with a woman behind the counter. There were plenty of people on staff and busy for 515 in the morning. It was clear they were having fun with their job and were happy to be at their job. Although it's pricey, it comes with the territory. I enjoyed stopping by, being involved with the energy of the baristas, people watching in the Cosmo, and sipping my expensive latte.
1	I have tried them a few times and haven't had one good experience. The coffee always tastes stale and the prices are out of control!! I see why they are never busy. They offer free refills but so does Starbucks for gold members. There are a couple Starbucks across the bridge at Planet Hollywood.. It's definitely worth the short walk especially since the workers there don't seem so snooty.
4	Probably the best croissant you'll ever have! As other reviewers have said, this place is not cheap (what really is in Vegas?) but the atmosphere is clean and bright. Service is friendly and efficient. Most bakery items in their case are about $5 each, including the croissant. I had a croissant two mornings in a row due to the amazing quality and taste. Very flakey on the outside, soft and buttery on the inside. For $5 it was gigantic and filling enough to hold me over until lunch at my convention. A friend I was with had the chocolate croissant twice and said it was also delicious. Another friend chose an egg filled breakfast panini ($14) and was not impressed. If you are looking for a treat for your tastebuds, enjoy a bakery item from Va Bene!
4	You know you're in the right place when they start remembering you from day to day, and you've only been there 3 days.  Quick service and tasty drinks made me a happy customer.  I'll definitely go back if staying close by on a trip. While the prices might not be the cheapest, the service and taste of the items make up for it.  Thanks!
3	The three-stars is only based off of the spinach and egg breakfast sandwich I got from here. Swung through here on my way through the Cosmopolitan to grab a bite on the go. They had two breakfast sandwiches in the display, so I opted for the spinach and egg $13 dollars. The sandwich was served on sourdough bread with a square shaped egg with some spinach cooked in. I am definity not picky at all when it comes to food so it was not bad but nothing 4 or 5 star worthy of writing. They warm up the sandwich prior to serving to make everything warm and crunchy. If you're in a pinch or want to grab 'n go this place is that check-in-the-box for a quick refuel on coffee or snack.
3	Coffee and desserts. Overpriced for both. It's a Illy coffee bar, with seasonal treats including pastries as well as gelato options- nothing that really stands out. Expect a large drink to run you $8 simply because there are no other caffeine options in the Cosmo.Service was nonexistent. Blonde female employee with pigtail braids should not be working around food unless her hair is pulled back.
4	Of course it's expensive it's in a top end casino on the strip. It's called convenience people. Walk your lazy ass to McDonalds if you want cheap.P.S loved the egg, spinach, fontina croissant sandwich.
3	Love the freeze squeeze OJ! Perfect after hangover.
4	Yes, pricey... Um you are in Vegas. Illy coffee is always solid. Their almond croissant, best one I've eaten. Grapefruit salad, pairs nicely with my croissant.  Like the name, doing good. Overall legit.
