2	Hotel des Alpes is a cute small 3 floor European hotel just south of St Catherine St and the gay village. I have stayed here many times over the past 20 years. This past week, may be the last, time however. Many small things. It is a non smoking hotel, however the room smelled of cigarettes.Rooms small, and need updating. Bathroom shower runs like Niagra falls, but the curtain needs to be heaver, as it blows all over and gets water all over the floor. Tacky decorating, towels not changed daily. Pluses for free parking and continental breakfast in morning.
4	Montreal is full of  so-called "small hotels" which are kind of a cross between a regular hotel and a smaller bed and breakfast. They often provide a free breakfast and have personal service, but there are more rooms and the rooms are more like regular hotel rooms than foofy b&b bedrooms. These are often mom and pop outfits and can be of varying quality. On a recent trip to Montreal, our stay at the Manoir des Alpes was well worth the price, a clean, quiet, moderately appointed room, continental breakfast with many varieties of baked goods, friendly courteous staff, and best of all, more than ample parking -- which is difficult to find at a moderate priced hotel in Montreal. The location is great, it was one block from the Olympiad, a theater on St. Catherine street. Old Montreal is a 10 minute walk, and the contemporary art museum, the Bay department store and many other local attractions are within walking distance. In addition, the hotel is a block from the Beri-Uqam subway stop making it very easy to get around the city from this terrific location. We were very happy with the price and accomodations and will make this our first choice when planning future trips to Montreal.
4	One thing to remember about this place is you get what you pay for.  I have always stayed here and even though the beds feel like your sleeping on stacked cardboard.  I bring my own pillow and throw, because it can be a bit chilly here in the winter.  But if you want to spend $300+ for lavish amenities without the continental breakfast and free parking, go for it.  I am sure there are other B&B's out there that are better, but I have to say, I enjoy stepping into a shower and having it feel like I am being sandblasted clean.
4	Great location right off of St. Catherine's on St Andre. You can walk everywhere from here -- up to Mont Royal is about a 20 minute walk, to old town 10 minutes.We've stayed here twice, in budget rooms both times. The budget rooms are quite small, but clean with a nice, firm bed. The staff is courteous and friendly. In fact, one of the main staff people remembered us, even though it had been over six months since our last visit. The breakfast is nothing to rave about, but there's a grocery store a half block away, so you could grab some yogurt and fresh fruit.Free parking is a HUGE perk here. Anywhere else in this area, you can pay upwards of $30 / night for parking. This makes Hotel des Alpes a great value.Free internet is also a plus. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you're looking for a budget night in downtown Montreal.
5	As far as my hostel experience goes, we were definitely spoiled with this one.We had to upgrade from it's sister hostel a few blocks away- bunk beds, the bath wasn't separate from the room (?) and generally a lot of hotel/hostel traffic.But this place, tucked in the middle St-Andre away from all that was amazing.First, you wouldn't even guess it a hostel. It's a hotel room on the cheap-  the double bed (w daily turndown service and replacing the towels) to the complimentary cable (flat screen TV!) and the free breakfast in the a.m.- it's not like any other hostel.It's so close the IGA,  Jean- Parc, Pharmaprix and the Station Berri-UQAM, Rue St. Denis- it's within walking distance of everything that you need on your trip.When we go back- definitely booking this place.
5	This was definitely one of the best hostels I have ever stayed at, and I've stayed at quite a few during my backpacking trip across Europe. I found this place on HostelWorld, and it actually had the highest hostel rating in North America. I came with high expectations, and it didn't disappoint. The receptionists were extremely friendly and approachable, and they actually make an effort to remember your name! They are also great when it comes to recommendations for things to see and do in the city.The rooms and beds were super clean - on the same level of cleanliness as hotels, I would say. The cleaning staff does a great job cleaning everything in the morning, and they give you fresh towels every day as well (included in the price). There is a pretty cool bar in the basement of the hostel, with different events every day of the week (live music, stand-up comedy, happy hour, etc.). The drinks were super cheap on the Friday happy hour ($2 for a pint!). The place still has a "Manoir des Alpes" sign out front, but it's actually called "M Montreal" now. I think they changed ownership and renovated the place a year or two ago, but never bothered to remove the huge sign.
5	Fantastic hostel! Great people, friendly staff, beautiful facilities. Awesome location, free breakfast, and clean rooms. As well, the bar downstairs is great, with terrific local bands. Best hostel I've stayed at in years.
5	Really friendly, clean and safe hostel. They have everything you need, the beds are comfortable, there is parking behind the hostel and they even have a bar in the basement. They really have a great setup! Breakfast isn't amazing, but they have a great nice new kitchen you can use.
5	I've been to many hostels and this one by far has the most amenities. Mini-fridge, A/C, TV, phone, and ceiling fans in every room! The staff were extremely meticulous at keeping common areas, bathrooms and dorms clean. Easy access to metro lines, Old Montreal, Rue St. Denis and many other attractions. Breakfast included isn't the greatest but it has your basics. Will definitely be back again!
5	First time staying in a hostel and it was awesome! I was told from other more experienced travelers that M Montreal was the best and that I shouldn't expect accommodations like it elsewhere. Staff was extremely helpful and friendly. Facilities very modern and contemporary designed. Events were held nightly to keep guests entertained. Themed events included Beer Pong Tuesdays, Karaoke Monday, and Comedy Night Thursdays, all free with stay. Free light breakfast served in the basement bar. I highly recommend staying here if you are looking for an affordable and fun place to stay while in Montreal.
4	I've stayed in another Hostel before but it cannot even be compared to this one. This place is so cool and full of friendly people. From the moment I check in, to the moment I left, all the people at the front the desk were super helpful and friendly to me. They help me planning my trip and they gave me great tips of how to enjoy my day better. The room was very clean, and the little lamp on top of which bed it's a genius idea. I'll recommend this place to all my friends and yelp users. I just didn't give a 5 stars because I think they could make breakfast a little more fun. But for the price we pay still a great deal.
