4	What a find!  We're staying at a hotel right down the road, and weren't satisfied with the nearby chain and fast food options.  Taste of Paradise Island Grill has apparently only been open three months, but they're off to a running start.  We were there on a Sunday early evening.  There were a few people picking up take-out orders, but it was just us at one of the 5 or so tables.  This is a casual establishment, so order at the counter.  The menu has offerings from a Hawaiian side, a Soul side or you can make your own combinations.  I chose fried saimin noodles (kind of like Japanese yakisoba) with Portuguese sausage.  They were delicious, just like what you'd get in Hawaii.  The bf chose a double patty teriyaki burger and fries, which was also very good.Prices at Taste of Paradise were very reasonable, and they're open for breakfast!  I'll be back soon for a loco moco.  Best of luck to Taste of Paradise.  It's worth the drive north to check them out!The very informative, spunky and good-natured lady who took our order brought everything over to the table, along with real silverware and a cloth napkin.  It was a bit of a wait before our order came out, but it was worth the wait.
4	My husband and I make Taste of Paradise a regular stop. We both love the mix of Hawaiian and "soul" food they offer there. It's a family run place in which the husband is usually acting as cook, and the wife usually helping customers, but they also sometimes have other family members (and friends?) working there as well. Their small staff means the food always takes a while, so we usually call it in before we head over. It's a very laid back and friendly atmosphere, and we're always greeted with a cheerful "Hello, Auntie! Hello, Uncle!" upon walking in. They knew our names after only two visits. The Short Ribs are my favorite thing there; really salty but very flavorful as well. My husband's favorite is the Chicken Katsu; the breading and sauce is delicious. I also really enjoy the extra-crispy catfish and french toast for breakfast. The mini burgers are great too. I don't recommend the pasta salad which comes with every meal, though; it's very bland and I usually have them leave it off. The portions are hefty without being overkill; perfect for my husband, and I'm always stuffed when we leave. Finally, they give a military discount, 15% to active duty and 10% for dependents.I recommend this place for a casual, friendly, and flavorful meal, especially if you call and order ahead.
1	This was not a good experience at all.  To summarize:-No menus on the walls.  You have to look at the take out menu.-"We'll be right with you," means 10-15 minutes.-"Let me clean your table first," means wipe it down, but then leave the spray bottle on the table.-"We're out of salad," supposedly meant "We're out of salmon," which actually means that they had both in stock.  Huh?  I don't know either.-The "office" for the restaurant is the last table in the corner, with a computer and everything set up in plain view of the customers.-Behind the "office" is the daycare for the employee's daughters, who had toys, papers and a TV there on the floor.-The employee's daughters are nice enough to come and play with their toys on your table.  The toys that have been on the floor and the girl's mouth.  Also, be on the lookout for them throwing their toys around the restaurant.-The men's restroom had dirty aprons from the kitchen and an open toolbox.-The employee's daughters were also in the men's restroom.  Quite the surprise when I go in and almost trip over a couple little girls.-The food is around $10 per dish and is not that good.  But it will take 20-25 minutes to prepare.-The macaroni salad is actually a penne salad.  As in, it was penne pasta used in the recipe.  It lacked flavor and was warm.-Chicken katsu was mostly breading, very little chicken.  Katsu sauce was barely present on the chicken.It was an uncomfortable meal, spending an hour and a half at this restaurant.  A lot of time was spent waiting, but when the food arrived, you spent your time eating while also hoping the kids wouldn't come to your table after playing on the floor the whole time.  Take out is offered, so you can avoid the environment if you go that route.  However, the food was nothing special, so I can't even recommend that.  I don't know if I've ever been so relieved to get out of a restaurant.
1	I've been driving past this place quite often lately and noticed they moved a few doors down so I decided to check it out before heading over to Formula Drift. I'm so sorry I suggested to Anthony M and Jieun L that we have dinner here before the event. The first thing we notice is that there is no menu on the wall and this is one of those places where you have to order at the counter. I looked over at the tables and notice that the two empty tables still had dirty dishes. I told the lady at the counter that we were eating here so she went to clean off one of the tables. It took her at least 10 minutes to come back to take our order.As we walk over to the table she cleaned for us, I notice the cleaning solution spray bottle sitting in the middle of the table. I think she got distracted because she is trying to juggle running the restaurant and also taking care of the two little ones running around. The table in the back corner looks like their office cause it had a computer set up on there. Her two daughters are sweet, but should not be playing and running around the restaurant.After waiting for our food for about 30 minutes, we start to get thirsty. We ordered sodas with our food, but she didn't give us cups for the self-service fountain. We finally get our food after about 60 minutes. Not once did our server come by to apologize for the food taking so long. I ordered the Jamaican Jerk Chicken Bowl. It did not taste like paradise to me...I don't think I will come back.
3	The inside of the restaurant was clean. The things that I didn't like was that it took forever to get my food. The children were running around playing. I ordered lunch and it was very good. I had a turkey burger with fries and one of the smoothies. It was fresh and well prepared. I liked the fun atmosphere that the restaurant had and the nice staff.
