5	5 stars all the way when it comes to pest control and Fischer's Pest Control of Las Vegas.  Always on time with great rates and customer service.  They call every day prior to our appointment date for a friendly reminder.  We would never leave Fischer's!
5	Pros:*Awesome friendly people when I call.*Always on time service calls.*Haven't seen a bug since they came.Cons:*None yet!I have had to deal with many pest control companies over the years and with that had to deal with many problems as well. Fischer's Pest Control has never been late, never forgotten my yard's specific needs, and has always been available whenever I call. After trying the huge companies and being so disappointed, I didn't think a reliable bug company existed. Fischer's Pest Control was a local company and their quality standard is second to none.
5	Fischer's pest control is one of the local LV businesses that wants to stay in business! They were really helpful walking me through my initial pest questions, provided timely service at a rate that I couldn't beat elsewhere. When I wanted to switch services it was painless, and they are proactive --- so it makes the problems go away from their side!Recommend highly.
5	This is a top notch company. Their professionalism and quality really show! My technician was super friendly.. I would give them five stars all day long..
5	Fischer's Pest Control provides excellent service!For the past 6 months I've been using another pest control service and while their service was okay, their prices and robotic personality was quickly losing it's charm.  I looked around for another service and came across Fischer's Pest Control.I setup an appointment through their website and was quickly contacted by Jeff.  He walked me through their services and was very kind, courteous and wasn't trying to push me to sign up or get rid of me because I had a lot of questions.  Jeff informed me that there were some techs working in my area already and I could get my house sprayed today or they could accommodate me on another day.  I set it up for the same day and they gave me a 1 hour window, which is a relief because most companies give you this huge 4-6 hour window and basically make you waste half of your day waiting on them.When the tech (James) came out to my house, he greeted me and explained the service he was going to perform.  I had signed up for exterior and interior spray.  James was very professional and walked me through what he was about to perform.  He started on the outside of the house and fully sprayed every wall, corner, crevice, backyard and even my garage before coming inside the house.  Before I could tell him to please cover up his shoes before walking on carpeted areas, he was already in the process of covering them up!  As he sprayed the interior, he explained what types of bugs would be repelled and asked what types of bugs I've seen.  I told him I've seen roaches, crickets and 1 scorpion.  He assured me that the service being performed would help in building up the defense in my house to keep these nasty bugs away.After the service was finished, James informed that my invoice would be emailed to me.  I hate having to deal with paper and having to file that somewhere, email is preferred and Fischer's Pest Control accommodated me!  After James left, I received the invoice by email about 15 minutes later.I've already started recommending Fischer's Pest Control to my family and friends that live in Las Vegas and I recommend you give it a shot too!  Friendly and professional technicians, great service and excellent prices that can't be beat!
5	I was getting overrun with ants every summer. I tried everything, all the poisons and homemade tricks. Nothing worked. The first time Fischer's Pest Control came out, they were very nice, unobtrusive, and were done pretty quickly. That was a few months ago. I still do not have an ant issue. For the first time, my house is ant free during the summer. Money very well spent.
5	Fischer's Pest Control is the best! I have used them for more years than I can even remember. Always prompt, courteous & responsive to any pest control needs that I have. And very reasonable prices. I also happen to be a Realtor and I refer them to all my clients. They are always happy as well. Call them today - you won't be disappointed!
5	Fishers is great! Jeff was very friendly & knowledgable & not pushy when I called in. Called another company to compare & the person who answered had no idea what was going on! I like fishers because they use a bait & spray that is non toxic so you don't need to leave your place for hours or take everything out of your cabinets. They also had a tech out to me the SAME DAY I called. With a city as full of pests as Vegas thats pretty awesome! They were the same price as the other company too. The tech that came to my condo was friendly, knowledgable & meticulous. Thank you Jeff & Keshan!!!
