5	I had the absolute best pedicure of my life today from Raisa.  My feet were in sad shape after months of neglect, and she worked on them for an hour and a half and turned them into gorgeous, soft, smooth, perfectly polished feet. I've been happy with pedicures at the spa at Camelback Inn and the spa at the Royal Palms  but  the pedicure I got today was nothing short of a miracle.  I would recommend Raisa's Signature Pedicure to anyone and plan to go back in a few weeks.  It was an indulgence, but it was completely worth it!
5	Jodena is wonderful if you need a Brazilian wax! I am moving to the Phoenix area in about 6 months but was in town over the holidays and decided to try this Elizabeth Arden location (since I go to another one where I currently live for Brazilians). I am sooo glad I did because now I know where I can get an awesome wax once I move! Jodena was so nice and got it ALL! I can't wait to go back.
2	I have been wanting to try Red Door for a while, the bold Red Door calling my name.  I have been to my fair share of Spas, but lean towards resorts when I am craving luxury.  Stick to old faithful for the bi weekly services.Any who, I discovered Spa Week in the Valley and saw that Red Door was on the list of providers  I thought I hit the spa jackpot!.  I really was thinking that Spa Week was an awesome promotion, get your facial on week, but now I can't tell if it actually causes the spas to be lazy.Premise of Spa Week, Spas offer 50 minutes services for $50, each place has a select 3 things they are offering.I booked a facial with mircoderm and pedicure ($50 each service, microderm extra which is understandable), each service costing $50.  I showed up about 5 minutes before my appt. ( work ran late)  I stood there for about 10 mins, while the front desk had one person  sign in and out.  A couple other employees walked by but seemed to act too busy to assist.  Once completed and one person cutting in line, the front desk escorts me back with another customer, doesn't show us around and leaves me to show the other patron how to use the electronic lock ( used them at Joya :)  Facial:  I couldn't get mircoderm since I use an acid treatment regularly on my face ( must have 2 week break)  I got a 30 minute facial that was a makeup removal, execration and a face mask.  I got a week arm massage and it was over and not to mention cut short by 10 minutes, you do need to honor the 10 minutes I stood at the front counter.Pedicure:  This on the other hand was painfully long.  I had asked the front desk to shorten and add a polish change so my nails would match ( I would pay extra)  When the nail tech came to get me, should told me she didn't know and didn't have time.  I am sorry, I don't know why, but the cultural cheaper nails places ( Andy's, Chic and Kens)  They know how to give a pedicure...They get down in there scrub it off and slap on some perfect polish.  I do expect a $20 massage on my feet in a $50 pedicure, not paraffin which I could drip a cancel on my foot.  This is basically what you are paying for.Well as you can imagine that massage was lack luster as well.  The whole place was lack luster, small locker room and I am not even sure there was a steam room, I was definitely not shown around or told there was.  I give the Kudos on the Decor, the agency they hired at corporate did a great job.  However, I will not be going back, I fell so let down...I was so excited and the follow thru was just not there, but they did have time to plug some products.
3	It is only fair to update.  Post last review, a woman by the name Linda called me the following day about my experience, I have to say this did really impress me and she obviously cares about her job and the salon.  Linda offered me the services again I accepted the facial, I didn't feel it was necessary to comp me the entire day.  Linda selected my facial artist Lucy who I have to say was amazing and was probably one of the better facials I have received.  1 hour felt like an hour and half and she did a really nice job and made it all about me and relaxing.  I am really impressed with management reaching out and giving me a better experience.  I will probably go back to Lucy because the facial was wonderful.  I still think that the spa lacks certain amenities like steam and sauna.  With that being said I am going to increase my rating of Red Door and recommend Lucy.
5	Great service!!  Just ordered a mani/pedi treatment from them over the phone for my mother-in-law.  This is an annual treat for her on Mother's Day and she absolutely loves it.  This salon is well organized and professional!  And my mother-in-law raves about the quality and service for months.
5	I love this place!  I live out of state and recently called Elizabeth Arden for a gift certificate for my mother-in-law for Mother's Day.  I have done this annually for her for several years and she had always loved the service.  I must admit that I was going to go to a less expensive place this year...cut backs and the economy.  After reading reviews online, I selected a nail spa close by.  The service was really horrible on the phone.  I can only imagine what it would have been like in person.  I ended up not purchasing a gift certificate from them and instead coming back to Elizabeth Arden again.  Yes, I spent twice as much for her mother's day present...but I would rather pay double verses deal with poor service and questionable product.  When my mother-in-law comes here she is always happy and feels pampered on her special day.  And they really do gift certificates well.  I will not shop around again!!
5	All I can say is I got my wife a massage package for Christmas last year and she hasn't stopped talking about it. She was glowing for weeks. The staff was awesome about helping me pick out a package in my price range without trying to upsell me. I would highly recommend giving a package as a gift, my wife LOVED it.
4	Last week had my second facial treatment from Lucy.  She is amazing...and I am not only saying this because we are both Polish.My skin looked flawless and my pores have never been so clean! The advice Lucy gave has changed my skin and I finally figured out what I was doing wrong. EVERYTHING.  (cider vinegar is GOOD for my skin? who knew!?)I can't wait to get back this summer and have another treatment at the Red Door.   I just hope Lucy isn't booked.
5	I have only had mani/pedi's at the Red Door, but they are the best I've ever had anywhere. I don't have artificial nails, and I've always had problems with the polish on my nails chipping - like the very next day!!!  I don't know what Gina does, but the polish on my fingernails lasts a full week, and then they don't chip, they merely wear at the tips. And the toe polish lasts weeks & weeks! The warm 'bucky' on the shoulders is an added bonus as are the complimentary neck/shoulder massages (when the masseuse has time)
4	Let's say you're going to an important event such as a black-tie affair. This is your big chance to impress the boss, showing him how you really are executive material... deserving of that Senior VP spot he's been holding open since Smithers moved back to Ohio. But you're not going to do this alone. You need your wife with you and she's a far cry from the executive wife's look after having that fifth child a few months back.What do you do?Simple.SIgn her up for a day of pampering at the Red Door Spa where they'll turn your lactating little housefrau into Cinderella and in only a day! Go figure. I recommend the Signature Escape package. You're probably going to want to toss in a massage, body tan, facial and make-up too.It's going to cost you a bundle, but it beats the alternative when she shows up with her long unkempt toenails, trying to pull it off as a French pedicure. Or her generous application of  sky-blue eye makeup, making her look like a rodeo clown. And that gown... two sizes two small..squeezing her tits into oblivion so that by the time dessert is served, she's managed a one-woman parody of the BP spill.  Just do it man.Shell out the five hundred or so bucks to make her feel like a woman again, and not the sweat-wearing, baby-vomit smelling inmate she's become. Not only will she thank you, your boss just may sign you up for that corner office after he sees your little hottie...secretly hoping to get a piece of that someday after he fires you. Seriously?Do this for her at least once in your married life together even if she's become a size sixteen after number five.Just think of it as dating a Lane Bryant model for the evening.
5	Came here for AZ Spa Week and it was a great experience!! I got a $50 Stress Melting Treatment (Normally $230!!)John was my treatment specialist and was super personable and sweet. The changing room is a bit small//tight if there are multiple gals changing at the same time. But otherwise, the whole spa is CLEAN!I would go here more often if I could afford it!
5	I have been coming to the Elizabeth Arden Red Door Spa since 2001.  David is a wonderful colorist and Frank cuts and styles my hair better than anyone I have had in my life.  I am Asian and my hair is not easy to cut, so kudos to Frank and all the other stylists that have filled in in the past when I didn't call ahead to book an appt.  I have never had a bad hair day since 2001.In the past year, I have seen Jon for therapeutic deep tissue massage.  Because of my work, a good massage is not just a luxury; it is a necessity.  I take my out-of-town girlfriends to the Phoenician to chill-out, but I take my back and shoulder issues to Jon.  He is the best therapeutic massage therapist I have experienced, and I am so glad he is at the Spa now. Selfishly, I am hoping he doesn't get too many requests after this post to still have time to fit me in!
3	Just what I wanted, quick massage to spoil myself on my birthday.  I was happy that they got me in within about 30 minutes of calling for an appointment, but the 20 minute wait in their back waiting room was boring and a waste of time.  Massage was wonderful and the only reason I'd consider going back, the wait and the price will probably keep me away from now on though.
3	I personally have had good experiences at Red Door both of the times that I've gone there.  However, it is way too pricey.  If your wallet can stand it, then it's perfect.  If not, it becomes a place that you go to if you want to spoil yourself once in a while. But  I no longer care for them since a former roommate of mine had an "unwelcoming" visit with them.  A couple of us put money together to give her a nice spa day as a birthday gift but instead she came back with a broken spirit and a badly done mani-pedi.  She said she felt unwelcome by the way the specialist treated her.  It was a vibe that could not easily be shaken nor dismissed.I complained to management immediately and vehemently when I found out and she was quick to recompense us for the bad service.  But regardless of the offer she made, this former roommate would rather pass it up than to go back.I believe that if you are offering beauty services, you should accept beauties of all kinds.  You can't be intolerant.
2	I came here the other day to really pamper myself after a stressful day at work. I had let me eyebrows, fingernails, and toenails go rogue for way too long and needed much work done on them. The eyebrow was was a typical eyebrow wax, nothing fancy, but for twice the price of an eyebrow wax at other salons. The aesthetician was super nice and friendly and I would definitely come back to see her...but for half the price! I decided to get the milk and honey manicure and pedicure. I had the same nail technician for both and she just did not seem "into" it; I could tell she had other stuff on her mind, which she even admitted she was stressed and not all there that day. That is fine, I understand people have lives outside of work that sometimes interfere, but for a service industry where I am paying $40 for a manicure and $80 for a pedicure, it would have been nice to receive something as an "I'm sorry" I guess to acknowledge that is not how the services always are. Again, the services were okay, but nothing special; I have had better at many other salons and nail spas that charge much less. I did not like the pedicure chairs at all. They are the benches that you sit on so you cannot adjust anything for short legs, there is no massage chair, and it was kind of uncomfortable. While I'm happy I got to say I experienced services here, I must say I was quite let down with the experience and will probably not be returning. The one plus of the trip was the nail polish - I have developed a new love for Essie polish that I may not have had otherwise!
5	Bought a package treatment deal for my friend about 2 months ago. She went today and called me back, she was so happy! She said everybody was super nice, very friendly and relaxing atmosphere. She said they offered like a small upgrade. I am real happy to hear that she had such a wonderful day. It was a gift for her and Red Door Spa came thru in making her feel special and appreciated.I want to say thank you to all the people that worked there on April 14.
5	Best mani pedi ever. A little pricey but worth it. Miranda is excellent.
3	My little piggies and fingers were in for a treat! And so was the rest of my body - no, I didn't get a massage, but this place... the ambiance was upscale, relaxing and trendy (fruit-infused water, anyone? Iced tea? Hot tea? Keurig coffee?). My expectations were high the moment I stepped in the salon.1.5hrs later, it turned out to be only an okay experience. The salon is very time-oriented, as opposed to task-oriented, i.e., they'll do the best that they can to prettify your nails within your appointment time, which in my case was 1.5hrs (45min each for mani/pedi). This could work for people who are on a tight schedule, but I'm not sure if I really like that...Also this is a $$$ salon. Little piggies and fingers did come out nice and pretty, but I couldn't really tell it apart from my $ task-oriented Asian nail salon -- which might not have all the fufu, but at least I get to keep the extra $$ for the same quality! Or buy my own refreshments? I probably won't be coming back here unless I get bribed, but I will definitely recommend this place to friend$$$.
1	Keep trying to unsubscribe from their mailing list, though today they sent me 7 SPAM emails.  Stop it! They also have a link to review their spa's on Yelp on the e-mail - though it just goes to the Yelp homepage. They obviously don't care much about their customers.  It was so long ago I was there I can't remember the service.
3	I treated my mom to a very enjoyable facial at Red Door Spa today... it was for her birthday, but of course I treated myself to a facial as well!  I chose Red Door Spa because I remembered hearing good things about it from a friend, and also because of their convenient Biltmore Shopping Park location.  We were able to have lunch and do a little shopping together prior to our facials, so that worked out really well.We both enjoyed our "EA Essential Facials."  My esthetician was Christine and my mom's was Alina.  They both seemed knowledgeable and professional and had a fair amount of experience.  As with most facials, they also recommended some products for us, and we did end up making a few purchases as well.It's worth noting that I made our appointments last week and we did not get confirmation phone calls.  We also were not told exactly where they were located and hence wandered up via a back entrance, which was very shady.  If you're reading this, note that you'll want to enter via the Royal Coffee - next door to The Capital Grill, and then head upstairs via the stairs or elevator from there.  I shared this feedback with one of the staff members working at the front desk, but she didn't seem to be interested.So, while the facials themselves were fine, the overall experience was dampened a bit due to the fact that the ladies working up front were not the friendliest or interested in my feedback.  It's also just as pricey as the local resort spas but the facility does not compare.  If you're looking for a full spa experience, I'd head elsewhere, but if you are just about a service or two and the Biltmore is convenient for you, this may be your spot... pamper it up!
2	Had eyebrows done and esthetician ripped my skin off in two places. I called and spoke to the manager Casey and she was rude and blamed me for it. I explained I have had this done a number of times and never had any issues. She asked that I come back in and I was seen by a different esthetician. I saw the new esthetician who was extremely professional and relieved the pain I was feeling in my eyebrow. She apologized and explained to me how this could have happened. When we finished she thanked me and apologized once again. When I was leaving, we saw the manager Casey and the esthetician explained to her what happened. The manager never apologized or thanked me for my business. This woman should not be managing a spa of this caliber. I don't plan on going back there again.
4	Got a standard Red Door Facial here.  Great atmosphere- relaxing, friendly staff, clean and upscale.  Skin looks great the day after my facial- extractions removed acne, no peeling or recovery and skin is glowing.  Got a scalp, face and hand massage during my "facial", which was a nice surprise.  Little pricey, but will definitely return!
5	I am not sure about the other services. But there is a hidden gem here. Lucy is an aesthetician. I strictly go to her for all of my brow waxing. My brows are a challenge and most have royally screwed them up. My brows should be the test for beauty schools. Lucy is seriously the brow whisperer. Go to her for your wax needs-- she is in a class all her own. This is the only reason why I give them 5 stars. Also the front desk service is always attentive and super nice.
5	Marie was great! Thoroughly enjoyed the signature massage. Nice relaxing and clean space. Only regret was my limited time. Definitely recommend.
4	What a great "hidden" gem.  I have seen the sign for years, finally made my way up there and checked it out.  The staff is friendly, welcoming and knowledgeable. Can't wait to go back.
5	I am a regular at the Red Door Spa, and I am so pleased with the work that they do I decided to share a little bit on here. I have been fortunate to go to many high end spas/resorts and this is definitely up there!The Red Door Spa really is a hidden gem at Biltmore Fashion Park. It's the perfect location to do a little leisurely shopping before or after your appointment as well!I absolutely adore the facials they have to offer; my personal favorite is the Advanced Brightening Facial. My esthetician is Renee Lange, I have nothing except rave reviews of Renee. She is extremely knowledgeable, professional, and experienced. She is great at recommending great skin care products, yet not pushy whatsoever. She is genuinely interested in getting your skin to be the best version possible. I also strictly go to her for my brow waxing/shaping. My brows have been destroyed in the past by inexperienced estheticians, and Renee has managed to get them looking amazing.  She is extremely detail-oriented and she takes her time. She has also taught me shaping techniques and recommended some amazing brow mousse that I now can't live without. I always leave the Red Door Spa feeling so refreshed, rejuvenated, and my skin feels absolutely amazing.The spa itself is quite serene and peaceful. The staff members are extremely polite, friendly, and prompt. I highly recommend scheduling an appointment with Renee Lange, you will not be disappointed!
5	Visiting the Red Door Spa is an experience every time I go.  The ambiance is amazing and serene. I love the location at the Biltmore, conveniently located by great stores and restaurants. I have had the opportunity to venture to many of the high end resorts/spa and in the Phoenix area, and I have to say Red Door Spa is certainly up there.Highly recommend getting a facial with RENEE, she is outstanding at what she does! She is so gentle, yet firm, and I always leave there with rejuvenated, brighter skin. All of the products she has recommended are now my staples in my skin care routine. She is also an expert on eyebrow waxing; unfortunately, my eyebrows have been ruined in the past and Renee has been able to get them back looking pristine. She always takes her time and is extremely detail-oriented. I highly recommend the Red Door Spa! If you do decide to indulge in this amazing experience yourself, Renee is a true gem and she will not disappoint with the amazing work that she does!
5	Came here from LA to get my hair cut and styled for a friend's wedding and couldn't be any happier. Elise did a wonderful job. Thank you!!!!
2	80 mins deep tissue massage costs 205 dollars plus tip. However the massage therapist did not perform a deep tissue massage at all. I am always bad at face to face confrontation so I was not able to tell them this was probably one of the worst deep tissue massages I ever received.
5	Ive been a client at this salon for over 10 years. I used to see David but he opened his own business, too far of a commute. I prefer male hair dressers, so the front recommended Rudy. Thankfully I found another male hair dresser to suit my needs. Request Rudy if you want your experience to be...#friendly #professional #experienced
5	I have been going here for over 8 years, everyone is professional. The services are top notch and the staff well educated n analyzing your spa needs. Get a gift card for yourself or a love one, let them pick the services. They provide everything.When you are done shop and eat at the Biltmore Fashion Park.
