5	This is my first Yelp review, that's how much I like this place (along with my whole family). The prices are incredible. This restaurant is owned by the same people that own the one in Boston and the one in Boston has lines out the door ALL THE TIME. I highly recommend Christina's!!!
5	I love going here for a quick lunch, $3 for 2 huge slices of cheese pizza and a drink!Props to the owners for closing on Sundays! The Christina's Calzone is amazing I am not one to boast over items with no meat in them but for a Catholic on a Friday this was PERFECT!The Staff is wonderful and you will most likely be served by one of the owners when you go.SUPPORT LOCAL!
5	Christina's Pizzeria has great gluten-free pizza.  This is the first gluten-free crust I have ever had that tasted like real pizza.  It is amazing!!  Great choice of toppings and sauce too.  Try it!The staff is friendly and helpful and the prices are great too.  I recommend that everyone in Gilbert try Christina's!
5	For the last 6 months I had been resorting to eating Costco pizza's because I was not happy with the pizza available within pickup/delivery distance.  On a whim, we decided to try out Christina's which has just recently opened.  We ordered a large Pepperoni and a Ceasar Chicken wrap.  The pizza crust was just the right amount of chewy and was not greasy which I find with so many other restaurants.  The ceasar wrap was tasty and fresh tasting.  I have absolutely found my new go-to place for pizza!9/5/13  Update--Have been here several more times since the original review and am still in love with the place.  Have had a number of different items and have been pleased with all of them.
5	The pizza here is awesome. Trust the other four reviewers. Small cheese pizza is $5 and a large cheese is $8. The specialties are a little more, still totally worth it. I love the pizza muffins. Think a salty cinnamon bun with cheese and pepperoni. Honestly if I wasn't on a diet I would seriously eat here at least 3 times a month. Let's just say in general, ALL pizza has way to many calories. :) I totally recommend Christina's Pizza especially when I want to cheat my diet.
4	Heard about the restaurant during a Gilbert Chamber of Commerce meeting and immediately decided I was going there for lunch the same day.  This seems to be a sister restaurant to "Christina's Italian Restaurant" a few miles away, also on Williams Field.The owners have obviously taken over a previously improved space.  Decorations are sparse.  There is a kids play area right by the front door so you can tell immediately that they are catering to families.  There is a bar, but it is really for decoration, as the owners plan on only having beer and wine, and they have not gotten their license yet.  I was there a little early (11:30) but I was the only person besides for one of the owner's family members and two small kids.  It does not seem like it is well set up for sit-down meals.I perused the menu, which had a few items that were no longer available or aren't really on the menu (they have a "Reuben" with no sauerkraut which is just a hot pastrami sandwich - 'printer error').  I settled on the Chicken Parm sandwich to go.  All sandwiches are served panini style.Sandwich was quite excellent.  Marinara was flavorful but not over-served (sometimes the sandwich feels like it is swimming in sauce).  Chicken was cooked right and had a nice crisp edge to it.  I look forward to trying their pizza, as I usually get Gilbert Pizza when I want to support local places, but while their pizza is excellent (yum garlic knots), they are short on service.  Hopefully Christina's will pull up strong where Gilbert Pizza falls short.
5	On recommendation from our son, we got four large pizzas for dinner before high school graduation for family and guests. All were excellent. The prices are also very affordable.  We are definitely coming back.
4	Fresh salad bar! Pizza is so good! Staff could be friendlier!
4	Is it Bianco? No. Is it equal to or better than Barro's? Easily. Good, inexpensive pizza and they are BYOB for beer and wine with no fees! The Christina Special was delicious. I'm a fan.
5	food is AMAZING. staff is so friendly. and the prices are incredible. i'm a pizza addict/and a bit of a pizza snob. definitely recommended.
5	Holy cow! This pizza was AWESOME! I am so excited that I have finally found a pizza place to call home! I can't wait to go back! I'm dying to try the calzones or pasta or the salad bar! We picked up a pizza and I was so thankful for the little play area complete with baby dolls for my little girl! The wait was so easy since she was having a blast (and not asking for quarters for the video games!) and it took all of about 12 minutes anyway!
4	Great pizza nice and crispy (make sure to say well done), wings were phenomenal. Interior lay out is off, however, the food is well worth it.
5	Excellent pizza!  Best I've had in AZ!  This place is closed on Sundays which puts a kink in the football pizza plans but the pizza is awesome.
5	True taste of home. Being from Boston, I'm a tough sell when it comes to pizza and Italian cuisine. This place nailed it. Like true Italians, their portions will feed an army. The crust is perfect, with a great balance of crunch and chewiness. The red sauce I could eat like soup. It has a great vibe, slightly dimmed and some old school arcade games. To wrap it up, it's BYOB. If I can bring my favorite 6-pack to a joint with a good slice, count me in. This place is a must try.
1	I believe this place is closed. Phone continues to ring with no voicemail. Email address bounces back with mailer daemon.
1	Unfortunately this place appears to be closed now. Number is disconnected and doors are locked...
