4	I've said it before when reviewing other FCU branches, and I'll say it again:  banks SUCK!First Credit Union is not a bank.  They report to no shareholders, no investors.  There's just the members (like me!).  Service is better, fewer (and smaller) fees, and a full-range of services.  The only down-side is fewer locations.  But that's not a major problem since I have direct deposit to my checking account, and I can pay most other bills electronically.  FCU also financed my last car, and our home.Leave your bank. Come to a credit union.  I am happy with this one, but there are other CUs to choose from (which you may qualify to join).
1	FIRST IN NAME ONLY...THIS PLACE IS THE WORST CREDIT UNION IN ARIZONA!!!I recently moved to Arizona and belong to a credit union back home. My credit union is a "member" of the shared branch arrangement that creates a nationwide network where you can bank anywhere in the country.Well, I had an important transaction to handle, and was in need of a Medallion Guarantee Stamp. I called several credit unions in the Phoenix/Chandler area and many said that they did not provide that service at all, so when I contacted FCU and was told that they could stamp my documents I was elated.Upon my arrival, I was told to sign in and that someone would assist me shortly. I waited approximately 15 minutes without any further acknowledgement while two employees held what sounded to be a personal conversation. When one of the women finally came over to help me, she did not introduce herself, or display any customer service etiquette. I explained my situation and she promptly told me that they could not help me because I was not one of their customers.I told her that I phoned the branch prior to driving over there, and was told that they could, in fact, provide the Medallion Guarantee. She asked me if I spoke to the call center and I said yes. She phoned someone to ask if my information was correct, and laughed throughout the entire conversation with the person on the other end of the phone. She hung up and again told me that they could not help me because I was not a "member" of their credit union.Of course I was frustrated because they had not only wasted my time, but their poorly trained staff gave out incorrect information despite placing me on hold several times during my initial call. Long story short, this was the most unprofessional, substandard level of customer service that I have ever experienced from a supposed "shared branch". This person didn't even bother to ask if I would be willing to open up an account. However, after the despicable customer service that she exhibited, I would never consider doing business with First Credit Union. I am happy report that I went to Chase Bank about a mile away, and was pleasantly surprised.  I received the most OUTSTANDING customer service from the Assistant Branch manager. I explained my situation to her, and she went above and beyond what I expected. They had the same policy of not providing the Medallion stamp for  non-customers, but her approach was very impressive and a stark contrast to my experience at FCU. It's abundantly clear that Chase places a premium on customer service and FCU does not. I am happy to report that I opened an account on the spot. CHASE ROCKS!!!
1	I've banked with this bank for almost 15 years. There is nothing special about them. They are impossible to get ahold of. If they call you don't bother trying to call them back because they don't answer.  There are only 3 locations in the valley so hope you live close.
