5	I've been searching for a good vet to use, that doesn't charge as much as a regular doctor.  I found it!  Desert Bloom did such a great job, they came to my house, took care of what I needed and was a very affordable price.  I have a Pit Bull and a Doberman, both needed some vet work (Fecal test, heartworm test, rabies, DH2PP, Bordetella) and they were in and out.  They really did care about the animals as well, gave them treats, hugged them, made them feel comfortable while they did the regular checks a vet does.Best part was, they came to my house!  I didn't have to go anywhere.  I would definitely recommend them as a vet!
4	I have been using Dr. Molina for a few years now and can't say enough great things about her and her staff.  We all know how traumatizing a vet visit can be for both animal and human; it's great to be able to have my animals taken care of in an environment they feel comfortable in.  I find the prices to be lower than the average vet office as well.  I have referred them to many friends and I do the same for all of you.  London says hi Jeanette
5	I have two cats and five Ferrets, and Dr. Molina and her team have been amazing with them. I had six Ferrets, but one had cancer, and Dr. Molina researched everything she could and with her knowledge with Ferrets (which is amazing) she helped me keep my precious Pocket with us for much longer than we hoped for, and she was a happy girl to the end. This Team of wonderful caring and very knowledgeable women make my life with my little farm a happy one.
5	This review is long overdue...My ex boyfriend owned 2 ferrets and we had difficulties finding a vet that had the knowledge and experience with ferrets and in searching the great WWW have read sooo many horror stories. through out my research of ferret vets I continually read reviews of this amazing vet Dr. Molina however the contact info was outdated on most of them and the places I contacted did not (or weren't willing) to give me her current location.  time went on and I don't remember how I managed to get her contact info but I did and something just told me this vet is the one for our ferrets. We made an appt with her and she and her "crew" were nothing shy of my high expectations of her from all the great things I had read.She is mobile its such a relief to have her come to you. Reminds me of old skool house calls. She shows up and is very professional and at the same time very laid back in the way that she is comfortable to talk to and I wasn't concerned that the dishes weren't done when they were there She has an intern or two along with her. They took their vitals weight etc. Dr. Molina has an obvious love for animals. It showed immediately in the way she and her employees interacted and handled our ferrets. She was very thorough and wasn't trying to run up our bill and worked with us to find a plan to afford what our ferrets needed via schedule. Had awesome suggestions of natural flower essences that worked! she knows her stuff.oh another thing that sticks in my memory is when our little girl ferret Xyla had passed we called in a panic because we could not tell if she had really passed and she took my call while she was on vacation out of the country. Maybe it was luck that she was available.. but she gave us advice to try and revive Xyla.  ferrets get blood sugar issues sometimes as they age and had us put syrup on her gums. Xyla had indeed passed already but it was so amazing her sense of urgency in our distress. Since then our other ferret Zeiq has passed. So we haven't seen her in awhile. We tell all our friends about Desert Bloom. Any of them who have used her services were beyond satisfied. Luckily my cat hasn't needed any vet care but when he does its Desert Bloom and Dr Molina we will be calling.Thanks Desert Bloom!
5	I have used Desert Bloom Mobile vet  to treat and maintain the health of my two Great Danes. Those of you that know anything about danes, know that they can big fraidy-cats. Taking them to the vet was a huge hassle, and a crazy fur-flying time-consuming experience. Having Dr. Molina and her team come to the house has been a god-send. She loves the dogs, and her and her team is so great with them.  It is so convenient and awesome not to take them anywhere to get great medical care - I can get it in the convenience of my home.  I would highly recommend them!
5	Yesterday was our first day using Desert Bloom Mobile Vet Service. After reading the reviews on Yelp and the testimonials on their website I figured I would give them a try since we were looking for a vet in Gilbert. How unique to be able to have a vet come to the house...I've heard of concierge medicine but not for animals. I was thrilled they were able to squeeze me in, since 1 of my 3 dogs had an "emergency" situation. Dr. Molina and her staff were wonderful from the moment they walked in the door. Very professional and my dog wasn't nervous because he was in his own environment. They were very thorough and provided a great service. We were so happy with Dr. Molina that we will be having them come back to do a check up on our other two dogs and do teeth cleanings for all three of the boys :)I would highly recommend Desert Bloom Mobile Vet Service!
5	I had no idea how convenient and affordable a mobile vet could be. Dr. Molina from Desert Bloom Mobile Veterinary Service was on time which meant I did not have to hang out in a smelly waiting room.  She was really nice and provided a thorough exam.  The best part is that Bubba and Roxy did not freak out.
