3	This review is just for CityCenter of CityNorth, the first phase of development and only part currently open.  Perhaps I had too many preconceived notions of what this could be - a North Phoenix Kierland Commons or the Phoenix version of The Grove (in LA).  CityNorth isn't like either of these.  It's going for a highly urban environment, with condo buildings atop first-floor shops and restaurants, but it lacks uniqueness, charm, and beauty.  Maybe it's just me, but the development and the architecture are too stark - where's the greenery, the fountains, the central gathering spaces?  This could have been an opportunity to create more than just another mixed use development - it had potential to be a destination in itself, like The Grove or Kierland.  If you know those places, you know what a magical charm they have, how you could spend time just strolling around and enjoying the scenery and people-watching.  That charm is lacking in CityNorth.  Sure, I'll go there for the occasional meal or stop into Mojo Yogurt, but I'll be in and out.  Also, there's really not a lot of great stores yet - rather than establishing CityNorth as a fashion-forward destination, it's filled with mostly chains and otherwise staid, boring fashion.  Dining is another problem.  Kona Grill will be a nice addition to the neighborhood, the coffee place looks unique (always nice to have original places rather than Starbucks, not that I don't enjoy Starbucks), and the other restaurants looks promising, but they're all high-end.  I was there on opening weekend, and people were wandering around asking if there was anywhere affordable to grab a lunch - there's NOTHING!  They need some casual, inexpensive dining.  So while I anticipate my rating will change once we get our first North Valley Nordstrom and AZ's only Bloomingdale's, for now CityNorth is nothing more than yet another ubiquitous Valley mixed-use development.
1	City Noth=Westgate=Kierland Commons=Tempe Marketplace=Boring, Depressing, Place Unworthy of Affection
1	CityNorth is a failure, quite frankly.It's a great idea, with a large budget...But it jumped the gun and was swallowed by the recession. North of Deer Valley is still largely undeveloped still, therefore, CityNorth isn't the "city-center" it aims to be, it's an edge of the city catastrophe. There's one "street" open, as all the other phases have yet to be completed. Bloomingdale's pulled out, Nordstrom pulled out, etc. The entire project just blows.
2	When I heard the news of the City North development, I was thrilled because I live so close.  Bloomingdales, Macy's, Nordstrom were all rumored to be coming so I thought how my shopping addiction would really be satisfied.   Well, it is a sad one-street development that slightly models Kierland Commons.  I believe it had great potential and now its future looks bleak as the storefronts are empty and things are starting to close.  I feel bad for the people that may have bought those trendy expensive condos on High Street.  Bummer...
1	Wow... Another Casualty of our TimesI was just at the cool clothing store Status on New Years eve to buy Hubby a cute couple of things that he might like to wear that evening to our New Years Dinner.  One Rock and Republic pair of jeans and 2 awesome rocker-type button up shirts.  He wore the shirt out to dinner but the pants were a little too tight.Went there yesterday to see if we could exchange them for him - and like a thief in the night, the Status clothing store was gone.  The only thing that would tell you it was there was the awning.  What irks me more is that I was there only 8 days ago and spoke to the general manager guy about his selection of clothing.  He did not ever mention they were going out of business or moving - and he knew I was buying this for my husband.  I would probably not have bought the jeans for him had i known I couldnt exchange them.The rest of City North is just depressing as well.  Ocean Club is still anchoring it.  Food there is good but really more expensive than necessary.  A real shame about CityNorth.  I thought it was going to be great...
2	The only good thing about City North is the Farmer's Market.  I love it, unfortunately it is only once a month.  For the rest, what rest. there are barely any shops left.
5	CityNorth absolutely rocks. Why, because nobody is there. As a business venture it's an absolute failure, financially worse than a train filled with kittens crashing into a train full of puppies.The result for me? I can go to any restaurant or shop there (all 3 or so), park right in front and never need a reservation. It's like my own private Kierland without the crowds. Sorry investors and real estate developers, your loss is my gain.
4	I've actually had a great time here anytime I've come.The best part is definitely that it isn't crowded!!Considering the JW Marriott is almost right across the street, I think it's an awesome place for someone on vacation or staycation.The restaurants are higher end, but offer happy hour. Probably my favorite Kona Grill location, and I love Mellow Mushroom Pizza! The fro-yo place (Mojo)  is a little more unique than some of the cookie cutter fro-yo places around town. Blue Martini is a very fun place to go, and also very unique for Phoenix. If you like live music, this is your place!I love that it's not as pretentious as some places in Scottsdale, but still has a mature and classy atmosphere.Not really a place to "be seen", but not everyone is looking for that anyway!Great place for special occasions, or if you do happen to be fortunate enough to have a large budget for dining. The shopping is a lack thereof, but there's no shortage of shopping in general anywhere in Phx.I can't believe no one mentioned the fact that the street is called High Street!
2	A great idea built that was built at the wrong place at the wrong time.  CityNorth was supposed to be that urban environment that Phoenix is desperately lacking.  An all-in-one place where you can live, eat and shop.  Big things were intended for this spot of land near the Loop 101 and 56th street.  That was announced and construction began back in 2007.  We all know what happened next.Thanks to the bust.  No one was interested in living in overpriced luxury condos.  Major retailers weren't interested in opening more locations only minutes away from their established stores, and just a few [mostly] high end restaurants and bars decided to stick around with a couple of speciality shops.  While the places on High Street are quite nice, there's very little reason for people who don't live in the area, or who aren't staying at the JW Marriott across the street, to check it out.There's also no fountain or lawn area for people to just relax and chill like at other outdoor malls.  The architecture is not esthetically pleasing.  There's no upbeat atmosphere in the tiny strip of buildings surrounded by a big parking lot that was intended to be more.  There also isn't any type of a market (with the exception of the monthly farmer's market), meaning if you did live in CityNorth, you still need to go down the block to Desert Ridge for a bulk of your shopping.  Kind of defeats the purpose.Unfortunately, CityNorth will just have to continue to limp on until things finally turn around.
4	If you live in the desert ridge area you have to take a stroll on the City North Strip thank me later.
5	If mill avenue and scottsdale fashion square had a baby, their oops baby would be named city north.
3	The reviews here are horrible and pretty scathing. Its the developer's fault, not the CityNorth name itself. Give it some time, you will see this place slowly develop. It will just have to take an alternate root to that inevitable "go to" spot for some people. Fact is, there are some nice parts to the site. Lets delve into CityNorth..~What To Do~There are a couple very fine restaurants in this shopping center, the main one being Ocean Prime. There are a couple shopping stores sparingly placed across the lot. Also, above the shops there are apartments or Condos (not sure which) for rent. ~The Good~Well, first off, I actually really like the design. Its set up like city blocks, with different storefronts throughout. Rather than being a traditional AZ outdoors mall, its more open in space. Its refreshingly different. The food options are also something to write home about, with Mellow Mushroom and Ocean Prime as well as Kona Grill, they have some pretty nice tenants to hold down the fort. Also, they have a farmers market each month, which utilizes the open space perfectly and showcases local vendors.~The Bad~Unfortunately, due primarily to the economy, the former tenants that used to be housed here have closed up shop. A lot of the shops are gone, and its pretty unsightly seeing all the dead space. What was a promising location and idea is now a big mess. If the area develops more, I think more shops will pop up. Being right near Desert Ridge makes this an interesting complex, since there are already entertainment options just a block away. Due to a lack of options, and the fact that the retail stores at CityNorth are just not my cup of tea, it really downgrades the overall experience.....Why drive all the way out here for barely any store options? I hate to say it, but its not worth my drive. Also, the Farmers Market idea is nice, but this barely had any farm action going on. The farms that were there had nice options, but the vendors here weren't of the quality that other markets have. Its a novel idea, at least.~The Down Low~Really, this place would be hopping if the area was more developed. Until they open up more shops, this place looks amazing, but is EXTREMELY underdeveloped. I foresee numerous changing of hands here, until the final lucky owner holds onto the property long enough to when the are gets developed and stores come back. That makes sense in my eyes... In 15 years this place will probably have a completely different outlook. Mark my words. Until then, its just a white elephant.... sigh. 3 Stars for The nice food options, the unique layout of the center, and for the Farmers Market they hold. They lose 2 full stars for the lack of activity at the center and for a lack of store options.
3	Very Very Slow! Not a lot there to draw in the crowds except Blu Martini.
5	It' a very nice place for meal's and enjoy good day or evening.
4	There are some great restaurants at City North. This hidden gem is like the Scottsdale Quarter with its upscale vibe. The nice part is that it is more down to earth. That is refreshing. From the freeway you can not see all of the potential. Someone did not plan out the "curb appeal" well. From the freeway you only see a multi level car garage. I am eager to see this shopping area further developed.
5	Love this place! Super easy to find and the parking is also great! They have multiple parallel parking spots, vertical spots and some underground spots but that is quite enough! It's right next to Desert Ridge so it is not a far walk if coming from there. There isn't a ton of stores in this complex but surely there are more to come in the near future!
4	This place is NOT closed. I'm surprised Yelp says that. This is the perfect spot to go to eat and/or drink. It's for people who can't stand the douchbaggery of Old Town Scottsdale. I love this place.
4	this place isnt closed!!! i live right next  door! new places are even opening up like toby keiths bar and grill in dec 2014!
