1	Worst place ever! If I could give them no stars or a negative I would. I would NOT recommend this place to anybody especially to OUT OF STATE individuals they hold your collateral check money for so long & the collateral department never gets back not even in a timely manner, I could see if it took them 1 day or 2 to call back but they NVR do, the lady at the front has even admitted to me that they erase messages left for the collateral dept if  not worded properly. I have asked to speak with the owner as I have encountered him before & she told me he would not be in for awhile & NO I COULD NOT LEAVE A MSG FOR HIM! What kind of business is this? They are so quick to take your money but not give it back such bad business practice. I would never do business with them ever again. Or recommend them to anybody.*update collateral lady called back & guess what the paperwork I dropped off for exoneration has never been submitted to her &&&& the girls (Mary & Melissa) she also gave me the name Samantha (but if she is the younger, prettier one it is NOT her, it is the older skinnier lady) have lost my paperwork!! & they don't have the answer as too what I should do but what do u know LEAVE A MSG FOR COLLATERAL AGAIN! ( I had to pay for a courier service to obtain certified copies and drop them off in person -they kept the certified copies- for them to just lose them one can say that I am livid but this is the worst experience ever! I will be reporting them to the BBB.
5	Thought  I was going to have a problem to have a large amount of Collateral in Cash returned! Read some negative stuff on internet, and expected a lot of run around getting my money back! Well turns out I WAS WRONG! Turns out EVERYTHING  they said was going to happen did, only faster, I got all my money back in about 72hrs and I Live out of state. Jazman Was great, she was fast, experienced, gave me lots of information that helped a lot! SORRY for ever doubting BLACK JACK, You EARNED 5 stares! ASK for JAZMAN She Great!!! This is the first time I have EVER wrote a review on Yelp, because JAZMAN and Black Jack EARNED IT!
1	DO NOT use this bail bond place!!!Defenitly go to Dads Bail bonds instead. $50.00 cheaper!!! The ONLY reason I decided to go here is beacause they said they would allow me to run the inmates credit card over the phone and then come down later on in the day to sign the paperwork in order to post bond quickly. THAT NEVER HAPPENED!! When I called to do just that, they said I needed to come down there, and then they coould fax me the paperwork to sign, but the card needed to be in their possesion to run it. As I needed to go into work, I sent the inmates card with a friend and asked them to fax me the paperwork as they instructed they could AND would. I called 5 hours later to see when the paperwork would be sent over as I had not received it, at that point they instructed me that I needed to come back to the bail bond because it would be faster as the person who does the bonds left for the day, so the bail still had not been posted at 2pm as they instructed it would be when the card was left to be charged. I could not believe this!! I told them that their establishment was a shame, and I would NOT be using them as the inmate has been sitting in jail and NO ONE bothered to call me to say the bail was still not yet posted. I told them I would be back only to pick up the inmates card and go to a another bail bond person! They then said they would not release the card back to me to do so even though the inmates possesion was released to me???? "What the hell?"
1	1 star only cause i had to i would not recommend anyone here the office staff is unprofessional uneducated  nasty bitches that are rude as shit. they will take your money and send you straight to collections with out notice or contacting you first! DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT USE THEM AS YOUR 3RD PARTY BAIL ALADDIN BAIL BONDS ARE CLEAN NICE AND PROFESSIONAL!
