5	My husband and I came here for lunch and both left feeling really full and satisfied. We both ordered the lunch special (sweet & sour pork for me, shrimp with lobster sauce for him) and the portions were very generous. Lunch specials come with soup, egg rolls, rice (fried or steamed), AND chow mein. We felt like it was a pretty good deal for just $5.25 and $6.25. On top of that, all of our food tasted fresh, like it was JUST made...and the guy who took our order (I think he is the owner too) actually said that they had just made the soup. Quality of service was good as well, the ambience was decent, and the place was clean. I think the dinner prices are a couple dollars more expensive, but we really liked the lunch special and would recommend this place to anyone who is craving Americanized Chinese food!
4	This was my first Chinese restaurant that I tried in the area.  I came for the lunch special and had the orange chicken.  While it was good, I felt that the portion was very small for the price and I left still feeling hungry.
3	I can't seem to find a good Chinese place anywhere in Henderson! The restaurant was clean, and the staff was super friendly, and I even got a free drink while I waited for my take-out. But unfortunately, the food wasn't that good. My pork fried rice was mushy and bland. The spring rolls were really greasy and had no flavor. The pepper steak was alright- definitely had fresh ingredients, big chunks of onion and bell peppers. But it too was devoid of any real flavor. If I could rate just the service though, it was exceptional!
4	Happy nice folks;Quit decent food and a reasonable price.If you are in the neighborhood give it a shot.
5	Fresh ingredients, reasonable price and the food is good. Service is excellent for a chinese restaurant, place is clean. Its not the best tasting chinese you can find but its a lot better than most.
3	This place is very small but offers great service. I liked the flavors in the chicken with string beans and the bqq pork fried rice. I did not enjoy the dipping sauce for the potsticker, way too bland. I also did not enjoy the thai iced tea. It's CANNED! What an agregious offense. Need I say more?
5	We stopped by this restaurant on a trip to Las Vegas. The restaurant is mostly focused on take out and delivery, which means they don't have a lot of tables. That's actually a good thing. It has a nice intimate atmosphere, not crowded.Because they don't have tons of tables, they focus on making good food. We ordered the Orange Chicken, Wor Wonton Soup, and Egg Foo Young, which they make fresh, unlike other restaurants.I definitely recommend Golden Gate if you're looking for good, fresh Chinese food, either for delivery or to sit down.
4	I'm from San Francisco and we have lots of Chinese restaurants. My mother and I are on vacation and looked this place up on yelp. We wanted Chinese and yelp showed this place to be closer but was a few blocks off. We walked close to a mile or the place and it was well worth it. Better then some Chinese restaurants where I'm from. We ordered the fish with black bean sauce and the braised beans both really good. Also ordered the beef fried rice that lacked flavor. Other than that if I'm in the area I would come again. Also friendly staff. Thanks guys. :)
4	FInally found good Chinese in Las Vegas.  Prices are excellent, too. Go out of their way to please...I wanted a particular item...they made it special for me.  Of course, language skills are always a problem with most ethnic restaurants...but for everything that matters, it is great food at a great price.
5	Delicious food! Great prices! Large quantities of food! And a very nice man that helped me each time I went! Definitely our new Chinese food spot!
1	My husband and I went there the other day for lunch because of all the good reviews.  I was craving fish with black bean sauce and Stanley C. wrote a good review on this dish.  So I ordered the fish and my husband ordered the Egg Foo Young.  Let me tell you, this was the worst Chinese food I have ever had!  We're use to driving to Chinatown for our favorite Chinese dishes.  On this particular day, we weren't in the mood to drive so I looked up reviews on Yelp for a restaurant close by.  First off, it seemed like they use the same basic sauce for both dishes, with black beans in the fish dish.  Anyway, the fish they used in this dish was haddock (I asked the waiter because I couldn't believe the chewiness of the fish).  Haddock is best served deep fried (such as in McDonald's Filet o Fish).  If not cooked properly, it will become chewy.  This fish is not meant to be stir fried.  I should have asked what kind of fish they used in this dish before ordering, but I assumed that their cook (notice I didn't say "chef") would already know the best fish for stir fry.  OK, so on to the Egg Foo Young.  My husband thought that they were premade earlier, then frozen, because they were ice cold in the center and hot on the edges.  The sauce poured over it was hot but it was not hot enough to penetrate the center of the egg foo young. It's not like this restaurant was packed so they have to prepare their food in advance.  The only people in the restaurant when we went was my husband and I.  The place was entirely empty, except for the one guy who picked up a take out.  We only took a few bites of our meal and left.  Didn't even bother to pack the rest to go.  The waiter was nice and for this I am giving 1 star, besides, that is the minimum you can rate on Yelp.
1	This used to be our favorite Chinese restaurant in the area, but it seems it has been taken over by new ownership. The flavor is nowhere near what it used to be. The husband and wife who used to run the restaurant were very nice and we knew our food would be delicious every time. With the recent changes, they have lost the flavor and therefore, have lost us as customers.
2	MAN: Hello! Is this for dine in or take out?ME: Dine in.MAN: Okay! Have a seat!** ME sits at a two-top table by door **MAN: No not there! (Gestures to seat at four-top with one setting)ME: Ooookaaaayyy....So, an odd way to start my dining experience, but it didn't really get much worse than that. Otherwise the guy was pretty friendly. It was a small place, only a few tables (of which I must have picked the wrong one), but clean and quiet -- the perfect place for a quick break while running errands, all conveniently on the corner of Warm Springs and Arroyo Grande.I went to my absolute favorite dish, Pineapple Fried Rice. It usually combines the sweet with the savory with the spicy perfectly. But this place just didn't hack it.First, I had to ask what kind of meat came in it. Almost everywhere I've been has had either chicken, pork, beef, or something mixed in. Then he told me it was just the pineapple and the fried rice, but he said I could order some meat with it, so I got some beef added in. Again, odd, but not too off-putting.The portion was nice and big... and pretty plain. It was just pineapple, egg, and a tiny bit of green onion on top. Don't most fried rices come with more veggies? At the very least some carrots and peas, right? Not this one. And it was pretty bland. I was kind of disappointed. It wasn't BAD, per se, but it left a lot to be desired.I don't know how the rest of the dishes are, so maybe I just caught them on an off-day, but I don't know if I'll ever be back to find out.
3	The best Chinese fast food place so far. We bough Mongolian beef, general Tao chicken, combo kungpao, chow mein and the stuffed wontons. All were pretty good except the wontons lacked flavor and stuffing. But overall pretty good...
2	I was so excited to find a Chinese food place near me and by the yelp reviews I thought this place is worth a try. I got the combo lo mein, orange chicken, crab Rangoon and egg rolls. The lo mein noodles were very tasty but the chicken, beef and especially the shrimp were not very good. Lacked flavor and the shrimp tasted really fishy. The orange chicken had no flavor and the tempura coating was soggy. I will say the crab Rangoon was delicious and the egg rolls were tasty as well. Unfortunately although the guy working there was nice I won't be returning here. My search continues!
5	Staff is amazing and food is yummy!! Prices are reasonable. Great small seating area. Best chicken fried rice!!
1	Went in for some quick take out. The only person available to talk to couldn't answer any questions. She didn't the know what was in any of the dishes and she couldn't tell me what dishes the pictures were of on the menu. I finally just chose two dishes that I was already familiar with just because I was tired of hearing "I don't know." I definitely will not be back to this establishment.
