3	Finally, just what we've allllll been waiting for. Sarcasm aside, this place turned out classier than expected, and if I squinted my eyes a bit I almost felt like I was in Vegas (until the cocktail waitress asked if 'yinz want a crab cake?'). Anyway, I was lucky to come on a soft-opening (VIP/charity) day, so the crowds were at a minimum and you could really check out the facilities. Machines are organized into smoking and non-smoking sections, and they have "video" table-games which are as close as you'll currently get to a dealer for now. With these there's actually a huge flat-screen tv with a real (recorded) person 'dealing' to you. Everything was super clean, but new, sooo that's expected. One thing I do have to point out is the lame names of the bars within the casino. Spiral bar? Drum bar?? Levels??? Really???? Anyway, the bottom line is I was expecting the worst - and was somewhat surprised. You definitely have to check it out at least once. I personally can't wait and return when it's open to the public and it's just a sea of black & gold (I mean literally - the number of steelers/pens/pirates? jerseys will be amazing).
3	Another Gem in Pittsburgh's Crown!This is a tasteful slots casino offering a smooth and sleek decor with excellent views of the three rivers! PREFACE - I do not really dig buffets - that said...Check out the buffet! It's nicer than other non Vegas casinos I've been to. Good service and great views give the buffet an edge. I'm excited to try other eateries on the property in the future. This is a good place to bring out of town guests.
5	Finally a real casino in the city of Pittsburgh! I went on opening day and was surprised it wasn't more crowded. One thing I don't like is that all the good machines (Star Wars, Sopranos) etc. are in the smoking section. The inside is really nice for a non Vegas casino especially the different bars and steak house. The buffet line was insane! I did okay on the penny slots. Make sure to sign up for the player's card. They put free money on your card every couple weeks to gamble with and it also lets you park in the garage for free. It doesn't help that it's takes 15 minutes from my driveway to being parked and sitting at a machine. You might see me there tonight!
3	21.95 for brunch that includes all you can drink champagne, Bloody Marys and beer...I am there! Brunch at the Rivers seemed like the perfect cure for my hangover the day after Halloween. The food was ok...it was a standard buffet fare. The champagne and Bloody Marys weren't bad either. My only grip is the servers gave me an eye roll every time I asked for a drink! I don't want to feel bad for ordering another round. I was not visibly drunk, loud or rude. I just wanted to hang out with friends, talk about last night's debauchery and enjoy a glass of champagne. Well joke is on you Rivers...I ate your food, drank your booze and walked away with $20 in winnings! The house didn't win this time!!! :)
2	The place is still nice but now the slots are virgin tight because they have to help pay for the new Penguin's Arena.
2	Wheelhouse lounge in Casino was very slow service. "signature" Fries are terrible, fresh fish sandwich good but oily, Italian sausage ok, wedding soup was tasty. Large screen sports bar is nice but drafty in the back. There is better food in the Casino, probably won't go here again.Forget this place, pay a little more and go to Andrews.
2	Met some friends for a birthday dinner at the Grandview Buffet on a Saturday evening.  Was pretty easy to get to by car and I was immediately herded to the 7th floor of the parking garage upon arrival.  From their I descended into the Casino and made my way to the Wheelhouse Bar to meet some people.  I'm not a gambler so I nervously passed by all the flashy lights.All of the food and drinks are MAD EXPENSIVE.  I mean, I understand it's a casino, but this is Pittsburgh, they easily added a 100-200% markup to what you would pay anywhere else.  OK, enough about money.The food at the buffet was good.  It was a bit like a dormitory cafeteria.  There are different stations with things like "Asian", "American" and "BBQ" and "Dessert."  I chowed a lot of the BBQ and Italian and it was all pretty good.  I think dessert was a little lacking.After the dinner, we hung out for a while in the Drum Bar, which was nice but played a lot of random music.It was a weird night.  I have no intentions to go back.
2	People watching that's better than the airport....I promise.  2 1/2 stars.  The 1/2 is for the non-smoking section, which was greatly appreciated.  Drinks at the bar were $5, not bad.  Live jazz as well.  All parking is free now.  It looks so much bigger on the outside than it is on the inside.  Must be for all the parking.Didn't get to scream "Winner, winner, chicken dinner" as I did my share supporting the Pittsburgh economy.  Damn slots.
2	A casino usually has various means for gamblers to fork over cash, but the Rivers Casino in Pittsburgh has acre upon acre of nothing but slot machines. It's pretty lame. Plenty of retired people on oxygen strapped to their walkers as they light up another cigarette while they slide a twenty into the slot in front of them. There are restaurants, buffets, and lame attempts at entertainment, but a casino this is not. Maybe if they got some table games it would be, but in its current incarnation this is just another sad attempt for a struggling city to make cash from a cash-strapped community.
4	Awesome, fun, and different, Pittsburgh bars and barely existent club scene only get you so far. When you're getting bored of your usual haunts, cross the river and you can gamble! And watch old ladies and men with oxygen tanks play slot machines. Sure, it's no Vegas or even Reno but you also don't have to fly anywhere. Parking is free and valet is available. Great way to spend an afternoon or an evening.
1	What a shame that they permit smoking and ruined this casino.
3	Went on Saturday Night.Hit for $100 on two separate occasions playing Keno on $20 worth of betting.all table games had a $15 minimum.The place was crowded and it was difficult to get in a craps game or get a seat  at the black jack table.   It seemed like they could've opened up more tables to accommodate the players standing around waiting for a seat.  The dealers on the whole were a bit shaky with numerous recounts and mistakes made for and against the player.  The poker room was packed and again it seemed like the room could've been bigger for more games.   All the bars are cool and different so its fun having a drink at each one.  If you order a drink at a table be prepared to wait 15-20 minutes for your drink unless you tip extremely well.   I will have to check this place out during the week to see the difference compared to a post-bucco game Saturday night.
4	Typical casino now that table games have become legal . I feel the best part of this place is food selections . The Grandview Buffett is 5 stars , especially seafood night every Friday . Try to get a table outside overlooking the river . The casino is very crowded on Friday and Saturday nights . I do like the fact that you can park in the garage for free and walk to sporting events . However , you can't have anyone under 21 with you because you must enter and exit thru the casino floor .
3	Really torn on Rivers Casino....The good: Personally, I really like it. Go down to play poker about once a week, and I love their poker room. It's open, spacious, comfortable, and pretty busy. The casino interior is nice, looks a lot better than your average non-Vegas slots parlors across the country. I enjoyed the buffet all but one trip, but that was really late right before they closed, so it wasn't busy and the food wasn't being filled fresh. Every other time was really good.It's really convenient. Even though the garage is fugly, it's extremely easy to get in and out. I live in Brookline, and I can walk out my front door and have my butt in a poker seat in about ten minutes!The Bad: Smoky!! I don't smoke, and the poker room is non smoking, but one trip across the casino and I get home smelling like an ash tray. Table stakes can be kinda high. I like to play craps, $10 minimum bet is fine, but I've NEVER seen $5 stakes, and often it's just $15 and $25. I understand it's a business and if they're getting the action they can keep stakes high, but I'd like to get some more play out of my money. Atleast they didn't go to 6:5 Blackjack like a lot of Vegas casinos are.Maybe it's just me, but I think it looks cheap from the outside. The color changing part is cool, but the rest of the exterior just doesn't seem like quality material or unique architecture.The Hideously Ugly: The parking garage!! I remember thinking the riverlife organization,  or whatever they're called, were being babies when they made a stink about how bad the garage was gonna look, but they're right! It's definitely a monstrous eyesore, and the 'decorative' metal they put on the outside doesn't help much. And there's the big cheesy yellow lettering 'CASINO' you see from the west end bridge and Carson St, which I don't get when they could have used the sweet Rivers logo they have.I want to give Rivers 4 stars, but I can't ignore the smoke and garage, which almost drop it to a 2 for me.
4	Went on a Friday night and the joint is PACKED!!!!  If you are a table game player, there's 100% chance you are standing behind someone waiting to get a seat.  Mind you, by midnight they had at least 20 blackjack tables open and they are all loaded with players.  By midnight also saw 6 craps tables open.  It's staffed well to handle the crowds.  Bad = no free drinks.  At least no Yuenglings. And that's a PA beer!  Also, last call at 1:30 until 9:00am.  Guess they don't have a 24hour license like most casinos.  All in all, very modern and nice.  Design is open concept which is completely opposite of the playbook on casino design.Table mins on a Friday night:Blackjack - $15 (at least 15 tables at this price)Video Blackjack - $5 (huge TV screen with 4 chairs and a computer dealer)Craps - $10 (one table near wheelhouse bar.  All others are $15 and $25)Mini Baccarat - $10Roulette - $5Video Roulette - $1 (Huge TV screen with about 15 seats around it)All other tables games - $15
4	Review of the Champagne Brunch Buffet $19.95 for unlimited food and unlimited booze on a hungover sunday morning, yes and yes! My normally healthy eating habits were thrown into the river when I saw the spread at the buffet.  In order to get over my hangover I started off with a water, a diet pepsi and a bloody mary. I followed that with a full plate of mac and cheese, french toast, pizza, mushroom ravioli, large plate of desserts.  They had a wide variety of food (seafood, salad bar, craving stations, asian stir fry) but I was grease focused there was no room for salad or seafood on my plate. Did I mention they have unlimited booze? Check it out! Your pounding headache will thank you! Brunch is no joke in my book.
2	Ate at the Grandview Buffet on a Friday evening.  We were disappointed from start to finish.  To begin our dining experience, we were sat at a table that had not been properly cleaned (both the table and chairs were dirty)  Then, we proceeded to the buffet.  The quality is far, far below what was expected for the price: $26.95/person.  The shrimp was overcooked, the salmon was dry, the crab legs were small (even small for snow crab) and nothing great.We didn't try the American or BBQ offerings - the reason we went was "seafood Friday".  Perhaps those choices are better, but based upon this experience we would not hold our breath.I'm giving two stars because we had a great guy clearing our table and checking our drinks.  He was the only one really hustling as most of the other floor staff were standing about the cashiers table watching the clock.
3	Walked over here before catching a flight with my buddy and went in for 10 minutes. I put 40 bones into the wheel of fortune machine was down to my last few bucks and ended up wining 500 bones. Then walked out immediately to airport! Haha... I love you Rivers!
4	Better than a lot of the casinos in vegas IMO. My only gripe is that its 95% electronic, I'm not keen on the table games being computerized but what can you do. I like the decor, it's more classy than gawdy.  The buffet was pretty good...highlights for me were the mac and cheese, salad bar, rosa salad from the italian section and the entire asian bar (delicious hot & sour soup). The staff was just kinda blah... the man behind the asian counter was very personable, he was the only one to actually engage people in conversation. I know you're there to eat and not socialize but a hello and a smile go very far in my book. Skip the dessert section, I sampled a cannoli, baklava, and a mini caramel apple martini, I took a bite from each and that was it...there was no flavor at all.
3	Wheelhouse is just ok.  Chicken sandwich bland.  Service just ok.  Enjoyed good company.  Prices $8 to $12 for sandwich and fries.
3	.  I finally went to the casino for the first time. Unlike some people, I didn't go there to watch the Pitt game, or to check out the buffet, I went there to GAMBLE. The casino is surprisingly big and spacious. We walked straight to one of the bars to grab drinks before we parted with our money. Drinks weren't cheap, but that's no shocker. My vodka soda was $5 (and weak), my friend's tequila and water was almost $10. My two games are roulette and black jack so most of my time was spent there.  They have automated roulette, as well as regular tables.  There were a lot of black jack and poker tables, most with a seat or two open, which I was happy to see even if it was a Saturday night.  The staff was very friendly and helpful, and the waitress came around often to refill my drink. The bathrooms were clean, easy to find and huge. ATM machines and the cashier stations were also spread throughout the floor and didn't have a line. Since I won $150 at roulette, it was definitely a good experience for me. We stayed for a few hours, which was probably just enough. I'll definitely go back at some point in the near future, maybe when I get my tax return..
2	I didn't really like it. Maybe it was because of how much money I lost and how quickly, but why were the minimums so high? I didn't understand that. The whole place was way too smokey and the dealers didn't seem to be enjoying themselves and the pit bosses seems barely more professional. It is a HUGE casino and is pretty new, but man the type of gambler that was in there wasn't fun to play with nor were the dealers.
2	Second time there, not as good as the first. This time in the lounge in front of the big TV for the Pens game. Plus - still a great big TV and fun to watch the Pens game with other fans. Minus - exceptionally poor and slow service, and high prices for average food and drinks. Next time I'll get a free soda at one of the stations around the casino before coming in because I was dying of thirst before I got service.
4	Last night I hung out with some friends I haven't seen in awhile, and we decided to start our night at Rivers Casino. I like the casino for a number of different reasons. My top three are:1. Great atmosphere. From the moment you exit the elevators from the parking garage into the casino floor, you can feel the energy.2. Diverse entertainment options. From live jazz playing in Levels Lounge, to live bands in Wheelhouse, to a club DJ in the Drum Bar, there are options for every taste.3. Awesome location. Very easy to access from any major highway around the city- and you can't beat the free parking. I really love coming here in the summer months too, especially when they have their outside summer concerts right on the river. If you haven't checked it out yet, you'll have to go. There's a lot more to do here than just gamble.
4	Ok, so I was a little iffy on coming here after reading all the reviews talking about the smoke being a problem. I have a really bad sensitivity to smoke, to the point that I cannot breath if someone has a lit cigarette near me.That being said, it honestly was not as bad as I thought it would be. As a transplant from California, I am very familiar with Vegas, Primm (Stateline), and Laughlin, and I have to say that on the grand scale of casinos this was not that smokey at all. At least not compared to Vegas or Stateline. It does get more noticable as it gets later, especially on a Friday like when my fiance and I went. But when we arrived there at three in the afternoon it was not bad at all. We got the Player's Club cards, because valet parking is worth it, as is 10% off buffet and the gift shop (which I never found, but was not actively looking for). They apparently do take the cards at the table games, as we found out when we walked up to the lone $5 craps table (rest were $10), which was very busy. The dealers were all very nice and professional... though not all the people at the table were, as the other side of the table kept tossing bets down at the same time as everyone else near them, sometimes as the dice were being rolled, so it did slow the game down while they had to sort out people's bets. Our side was just as crowded, but apparently had more experienced players who knew to wait patiently. We both walked away winners though, so we were quite happy.Took a walk around the casino, very nice grounds, and we noticed that the casino looks much bigger on the inside. Also spent some time in the Levels bar (because it was non-smoking), had a very nice midori sour and bloody mary... kudos to Josh, our bartender. Ate dinner at the Wheelhouse, also nice, and watched the Penguins game in their lounge... I am sad that they do not do the pre-game show during the playoffs, but they did have some promotion with Miller Lite going that won us a Penguins shirt and hat, so that was cool.Overall, I came with very low expectations and I was very pleasantly surprised. I hope to be back soon to enjoy more of the casino and also check out the buffet... and to have more of the really awesome coffee that they have in the free drink stations. Minus one start because I could not find the no smoking area of the casino or more than one drink station.
4	I had a great time here. Lost my money on a Ladybug penny machine and had some drinks. If you like casinos you will like it if you don't like them then you won't like it. The place is beautiful and overlooks the water.
3	3.5, but rounding down because it's no Vegas or AC. :-)This place is definitely something to do if you're bored in Pittsburgh -- nice view, free parking, and fairly clean. And you don't have to dress up or anything, because there's not much to do here except to eat and gamble. They also have a free soda/drink bar, where you can quench your thirst if the gambling gets too intense!ALSO, I won $30 playing slots here... and I *NEVER* win anything... ever!
4	Went in with a couple hundred, had dinner at the wheelhouse (that will be another review) had a few drinks then hit the nickel slots being the high roller I am.So I go get a card and fill out the info. Behind the counter was a wheel with different amounts of cash, so the dude helping me spun the wheel and it landed on 200, so that pit that amount on my card.... Good deal. Got a t shirt to for playing tic tac toe with the chicken, it was a tie.Left with more than I came with, that's always good!The casino is very classy in design, it's not Vegas or even Atlantic city, but that's a good thing!
3	Could use a few improvements but not too bad..My overall experience with this place was quite mixed. I walked in through the front doors and had no idea where to go. There was very limited signage pointing you in the right direction. I eventually made my way to the player's club registration. The staff at the registration was very nice and they were very helpful. They gave me plenty of information about the place and where everything was located.  That was very nice and to me it was a bit  unneeded  but  it might be helpful to someone.I didn't go to any of the inside bars or the buffet but I did treat myself to the complimentary beverages they offered, However my only complaint with that is once they run out of coffee it is like mission impossible to get the thing changed. I understand that it is complimentary and they don't have an obligation to make it a main priority but if it's going to be offered someone should keep up with it a bit more. We asked numerous people and they were all friendly and met with the we will get somebody on that response. That was reassuring but near an hour had passed and no coffee change. That's all fine though as I was there for the slots. Just a minor annoyance is all.The slot machine variety seemed very similar to many of the other PA casinos I have been to. Wolf Run, Black Knight, Fairy Something, Survivor, Wizard of Oz, Monopoly, Wheel of Fortune.  So nothing that I noticed that was too different. I didn't take notice to what 25 cent or $1 slot machines they had as I normally don't play them unless i'm feeling lucky.There were a few ones I haven't seen before such as the Leslie Neilson airplane and Dark Gypsy.I played a few varieties but was not seeming to win very much. So I decided to quit before losing too much money. Overall an enjoyable place but seems that you have to be there a while to hit some big money. I would come back if I were in the area. It was a nice smaller Casino and not a bad time. Would love to come back and try the buffet.
2	Grand Buffet Sunday Brunch at Rivers Casino - I guess I was expecting it ot be "grander."  It was very similar to the buffets in the Las Vegas casinos.  Nothing spectacular, but nothing horrible either.  One good thing - your beverages are included in the price and if you have a player's card (which is free), you save 10% on your brunch (not the whole group unless everyone has a card).
5	I do love the Casino.  It is the best Casino in Pittsburgh...ok it's the only Casino in Pittsburgh.  One of the nice things is I usually get carded when I walk in.  I love playing slots of all kinds.  The high roller room is a great place to win big money.  There is always someone winning in that room.The bartenders are very nice but you will pay more at the bar than with a waitress not including tip.  The hard thing is to actually find a waitress.I do agree with the other reviews in that there is alot of smoke inside.  There are non smoking sections but I always go home smelling like smoke.They usually have specials on the weekends and great entertainment.  The concerts in the summer on the water are fantastic.  The bands that play at the Levels bar are also fabulous.  Drum bar usually has some dance music playing.  The Spiral Bar is usually good if you want to take in the baseball game and have a drink.I love the seats at the Levels bar.  They offer sofas and seats that are very comfortable and moveable to accomodate any size group.The Casino is great for anyone.  You can sit and relax, listen to entertainment, or take a gamble.
4	The service was amazing when I dined at their buffet. Our waitress was extremely friendly and helpful. I wouldn't recommend going to eat there an hour before closing. Unfortunately the chefs left and I couldn't get Old Bay seasoning for the crab legs. The price for the beer was great. I recommend dining at their buffet.
4	Parking is a bit insane, especially on a Friday.  It's free, but there was a huge line and from what I heard shortly after I found a parking space, they were completely full.  And this garage is massive!  So just keep that in mind if you plan on going on a heavy traffic evening.As for the inside, I was very impressed.  Maybe b/c it still has that new building glimmer, but I didn't even feel like I was in Pittsburgh anymore.  There were slots everywhere, I couldn't really see the table games - I guess they're tucked away - or maybe I wasn't paying attention.  There were also a ton of people of all ages. Everywhere you looked there was a bar or a restaurant.  I'm not much of a gambler so I can't really comment on any of that.  I would think this would be a great place for a group of friends just looking for something different to do in the 'Burgh.  I'd definitely like to go back again!
3	Like many others, I'm really torn on my review of the Rivers Casino. To begin with, anything that adds to the diversity of activities in a city is always a plus. It's definitely something different to do in Raleigh and definitely worth checking out at least once to form your own opinion. On the other hand, I'm not much a gambler and that which I do play (blackjack) typically starts at $10/$15 depending on the evening. Thus, I usually end up sitting at a table in the Drum bar and enjoying the beautiful view of the rivers and the point. I will say, surprisingly, the drink prices are not horrible and the smoke definitely isn't too bad when you're sitting in there. Although, like some have mentioned, you will go home with the smell on you. I haven't eaten at any of the restaurants; however, last time I went was with a member of the Triple Diamond Club. If my review was based on that alone I would certainly give the Rivers 4 or 5 stars. The drinks are far cheaper in the club and the free buffet is typically pretty good: prime rib, shrimp cocktail, a great dessert selection, etc. However, I'm betting that the amount of money that it would take to get to this level is better spent on a nice dinner at one of the better restaurants in Pittsburgh. So if you haven't been yet, I would definitely recommend checking it out at least once. While it's not my favorite place in Pittsburgh (and certainly doesn't compare to Vegas), it offers an  interesting alternative activity for an evening out.
2	It's great that they have a casino in this town. I am all about casinos.On the other hand - HOLY SHIT, is it crowded. Wall-to-wall people everywhere you go. Yeah, the bustle of a casino is part of the excitement, but when you have to wait 15 minutes for a seat at the table games, and a hand of blackjack or a roll on the craps table takes 5 minutes because the table is always completely full, it seriously detracts from the fun.The table games are also pretty pricey - a few $10 games, but mostly $15 and up. But what do you expect - they're the only casino in town, so they can get away with it. This is also not a very good place for card counting. Pretty much all shoe games or continuous shuffle machines with a high minimum bet, and the crowded tables certainly don't help. I tried anyway and won about $200, but that was mostly due to blind luck.Anyway ... a neat place to visit once if you're in town, but if you've ever been to Vegas, this is pretty ho-hum.
3	I came here on a Monday.  Tons of people for a Monday but it wasn't crowded.  Security gave my friend trouble for her ID.  Said she didn't look 29 when she is.  We went to the buffet during dinner.  The place was spacious and looks nice.  However, we find the food average.  Not one dish there was amazing.  Spare rib has to be one of the worst I've had.  Crab legs were decent but a new batch takes too long to come out.  Plus, there was no lemon anywhere to make my dipping sauce for the crab legs.  The calzones in the Italian section was good.  Pasta looked awful.  Sushi, amazingly laughable.  Egg drop soup was good at the Asian section but had to walk to the other side of the buffet to get my own soup bowl.  After dinner, we gamble a bit.  The dealers were really nice.  While cashing out, those security guards were mad dogging us.Overall, the buffet wasn't anything special.  I definitely don't think it is worth coming here on the weekends.  Honestly, I would just avoid the surrounding areas during the weekend.  I have been stuck in traffic for over an hour with all the people trying to go there on the weekends.  Plus, the smoking makes you feel icky.  Being relatively new to Pittsburgh, I find it sad that you can smoke in many public places.
4	I was extremely pleased to find this establishment in Pittsburgh. Let's be clear: this is a 4-star rating for a casino in Pittsburgh and if it was in Vegas, it would only get 3 stars, but it's not in Vegas, it's a 30 minute drive from home.We've been here on a Saturday night and a Thursday night, both times between about 8pm and 11pm. If you can, go with valet parking, because, as many others mentioned, parking is a beast here. So let's start with the pros:Lots of table games. It's a little crowded on the weekends, but on Thursday I sat right down at a nice, sparsely-occupied table. Craps tables were still busy, though.Clean, well-decorated interior. It's classy and well-lit and easy to get around in.Ample walkway space around the pits. Numerous bars. Great dealers (last night I got to play roulette with Doug and a dark-haired gal whose name I didn't get; both were A++). And now the cons:Lack of cocktail waitresses. I'm a great tipper, but in order to find that out, you would have to pass by my table at least ONCE in two hours. High minimums. This is Pittsburgh, not Vegas. $10 minimums on most tables on Thursday night was a little disappointing. Tacky ID check system. You get wrist-banded at the door, not classy. And the biggest con of them all: I have to pay for my alcohol. I believe sitting at two tables (me at roulette, my husband at craps) for 2 hours playing with a generous budget entitles us a to some complimentary drinks. But, as a rule, we love to hit the casino every couple months and Rivers is nice enough that I can sit down and play for a few hours, have a great time, and fool myself into thinking I'm in Vegas.
3	I enjoy coming here.  Just don't come on the weekend or during a Steelers game, because you'll have to wait for a table, if that's your thing.  Also, less smoking would be nice in this place.  Other than that, great casino.
2	Grand Buffet Sunday Brunch at Rivers Casino - I guess I was expecting it to be "grander."  It was very similar to the buffets in the Las Vegas casinos.  Nothing spectacular, but nothing horrible either.  One good thing - your beverages are included in the price and if you have a player's card (which is free), you save 10% on your brunch (not the whole group unless everyone has a card).  All in all, not bad.
4	The Rivers Casino, always has a lot of people sitting at slot machines, not playing, I think it should be the responsibility of the casino to have these people move, and not the user.
1	Not a gambler, but enjoyed Vegas' casinos when I went about 3 years ago.  They were not smokey, ashtray lined venues (NYNY smelled like apples, Mandalay bay like coconuts, you get the picture).  This place  was so smoke filled it was disgusting.  Will not ever go back!For those who want to try it--we were dressed up, but there were those in sweats and blue jeans, and those in furs (although not many).  Anything goes, just be sure you have your ID.
1	Meh. Although a lot better than mountaineer and it does quench my gambling thirst, the dealers, pit bosses are mostly awful. As a frequent visitor to Vegas (I know, who can compare), I would say that the service Rivers provides is awful.The comps are bad (don't even bother getting a player card) the dealers are awful (i had dealers take my money when they shouldn't have on MULTIPLE occasions) and the pit bosses are SO rude. Granted my favorite (Tony) is awesome. I once cashed in for 2 thousand at the BJ table with my bf and there was a chair missing. I asked the pit boss where I could find the nearest chair (i didn't ask him to get me one, mind you) and he just told me I could stand.. WTH?I wouldn't visit this place again, i rather go to vegas.. you know.. where the REAL casinos and experienced dealers are.
3	This is a review of the brunch buffet. I sort of wish that I would have passed on this place and saved a few bucks, but it was alright. I would have preferred this place as a lunch buffet over a brunch buffet. Some of the better looking food was too heavy for my brunch-taste. There are, however, bottomless mimosas! One star for those little gems, and one star for pretty good service (even on New Years Day). I'd skip a lot of the stuff they have and go straight for crab legs, and I would spend more time cracking than talking to get my fill. Maybe I'll give it another go, but then again, maybe not. I hear good things about the Harris Grill Brunch.
2	Prior to having visited Las Vegas I would have rated The Rivers Casino at a decent 4-stars.  However, since my six day stint in Sin City and it's Casinos I have come to detest (partially) Rivers and have downgraded it to two stars.The Good:- It is close, accessible, and it has a decent amount of parking.- The facilities are being kept properly and the clientele hasn't run it to the ground yet.- They run a decent amount of promotions and deals, albeit for regulars only.- Free Pop & Coffee, although they need to do something about the funky drain smells.The Bad:- Cocktail waitresses are vying with the Dodo bird for which is seen less.- Drinks, when you go grab one yourself, tend to be on the weak and overpriced side.- For the most part, a lot of the staff seems absolutely miserable to be working.The Ugly:- Gambling returns, seriously ... at least keep me playing for more than 30 minutes.- Smoking sections are a JOKE, and people smoke almost everywhere anyways.- The Clientele sometimes is a rude and curt as the cranky employees....I'm torn, I used to love it but now I know there's a lot better out there.  So yeah, two stars, since "Meh. I've experience better." is definitely what this place left me feeling.
4	Great first time gambling!
4	Winner-Winner - Chicken DinnerI won!   All I can say is that the casino was nice and clean.    The people were friendly.I played some blackjack and won big so all i can say is "Woohoo!"I will be back - I found a chip I have to cashin :-)
4	After reading mixed reviews, I was pleasantly surprised by this place.  Free self parking in the garage, which was a plus since we continued on to the Pirates game! That saved at least $12 and made for a beautiful walk along the river.Casino Itself is beautifully decorated and clean.  Sign up for a players card and you can get in on certain promos (I got the free $10 in slot play at the pirates game).  It also gives you 5% off in the gift shop and at the buffet.  Mostly we did slot machines, not really lucky there. No free alcohol, but free soda and coffee and tea.Sunday buffet was nice, for the price of $19.95 you get as much champagne, mimosa, beer or bloody Mary as you'd like!  Typical breakfast, salads, Italian, Mongolian, BBQ and crab legs! Nice desserts too. Ask to sit on the patio for a relaxing and quieter area with nice views of the river.
3	Pretty nice casino.  Many slot machines and a few craps tables among all the other standard casino attractions.  The bar in the back facing the river is a cool spot to have a drink.  Easy parking.  Avoid the coffee at the cafe.  Their lattes are terrible.
3	Rivers is a nice property for the people of Pittsburgh to visit. However, it is pretty plain in terms of many casinos I've visited in the past.It's disappointing that alcoholic drinks are not complimentary while playing at this casino. Its distance from its east coast competitors allow it to charge for beverages ordered on the floor. There are some locations to pour yourself a complimentary soft drink while visiting the location.The dealers are friendly and conversant here. The machines were "tight" and didn't offer a lot of entertainment for the money spent during our visit.They have all the amenities you would expect a few bars, a buffet, and some restaurants. Overall, there's nothing too amazing or excellent about this casino.
3	The Casino is what it is. I was disappointed that we couldn't find a place for my Mom to dance, but if you exercise some restraint, playing the slot machines can be fun. I also like the valet parking, which is super convenient. I wouldn't come here often, but again, it is what it is.
3	If you've been to Vegas, or a casino in the islands, or Monaco -- Rivers isn't for you.  While we rate Andrew's Steakhouse as excellent in both service and food, the casino is just "meh".  Agreeing with Darren, the waitresses scurry around looking busy, but rarely, if ever, ask if you want a drink.  The one time I was able to flag one down, she was clearly pissed.  And, don't bother to dress up -- ANYTHING goes.  (See, e.g, "People of Walmart").
3	How do you rate a casino when you don't gambe?  Hmmmm....On aesthetics?  Casino's are usually dim and little shady.  But this one isn't.  Well it is in some parts and isn't in the parts by the river.  The windows overlooking the river give you a gorgeous view.  There's even a tiny outdoor concert pavilion which I'm sure is a great time to be at when someone good is playing (is there ever anyone good playing there??).  It's like it's a bit bi-polar. I've also been into many casino's in Vegas and this one is very nice in looks but considering you can still smoke in casino's (in my opinion ban it if you want to keep it classy) you have to have the right ventilation system.  The thing that blows me away in Vegas is that most of the casinos you don't smell the smoke at all.  As soon as I walked into River's the smell of smoke hit me.  Ew.   It's new, so I'd expect it to be a better system but it's not.I also had the pleasure of going to an event here.  The space is really nice, and smartly facing the river.  It's also great to have an outdoor balcony where you get a beautiful view of the river and sunset if you're attending something in the evening.  I would have been happy spending the entire evening out there.  The food was catered by the casino and I was not impressed at all.  The veggie tray had overly salted veggies, the grape leaves were dry and the little bites of food were all bland.  I know catering is hard when things are massed produced but I've had delicious catering before, so I know it's possible.  Maybe tonight wasn't there night... On the other hand I have heard the brunch buffet on Sundays are awesome, so I still have faith they could redeem themselves.  But we'll see...If I ever threw a quarter in the slot machine and hit it big maybe the star rating would go up... just maybe...
2	To summarize the Rivers Casino is a joke.I don't like it I have gone once or twice but never will they get another dime from me!!!I lost 7 dollars on my first trip and I think that scarred me, I've read in the paper that The Rivers Casino isn't doing so hot financially. Go figure who  builds a Casino during record high unemployment rates and a recession, it's just plain sad. Their hotdog special is a laugh, who wants to spends tons of money at a place that has the audacity to only offer a hot dog special. Geez. The inside is very nice looking and clean and well maintained for now, and there is lovely water feature in the main entrance, I am just underwhelmed by the whole idea of the Rivers Casino I would like it more if that space could have gone to something more family orientated. I certainly don't think the Rivers is here to stay.
5	I love going to this place any time im in Pittsburgh. Ive never been to any other casino in my life so I cant really measure this against others. It does make a first impression on you when you first walk in with a very nice water fixture. But at the same time, it has a Pittsburgh atmosphere to it. Ive gone here after Pirates games and seen plenty of ppl wearing buccos jerseys. Also, the slot machines ive played have lil tv screens on them showing whatever is on root sports. That alone won me in. Something that was unexpected to me was the free parking(a rarity downtown) and the free fountain drinks and coffee. Im not really a table gamer so I cant say much about it. I did end up winning some money in the slots so that made me happy. Overall, this is a great place and I will be back.
3	Poker grinder looking for a casino with a great poker room with good tournaments which allow longer play. Saturday deepstack fits the bill. Sad that we don't have casino poker tounaments in Cleveland. Smoking allowed in casino not in poker room, but smoke still comes into the poker room so not a fan of that here. Free soft drinks and parking is usually free. I only play poker so it's an above average poker room outside of Vegas. If you play tournaments Rivers does it well. Shuffle up and deal.
3	If you have been to Vegas, this place will be disappointing. If you just want to go to a casino and play a few games, this place will satisfy that urge.  It is not huge, it is not fancy, it is a casino with table games and slot machines 'o plenty.  The Wheelhouse restaurant is very good and a better value than the buffet upstairs.  It is geared towards locals and close out of towners (Ohioans and West Virginians) with plenty of bus pick up and drop offs.  I walked out $19 richer so I can't complain too much.
4	Now that I am finally 21, I got the chance to go to The Rivers, and I have to say I was extremely pleased.  First off, I do not know what the minimums are for a Friday or Saturday night, but when I was there Sunday afternoon, many of the tables were $5 minimums!  That beats Niagra Falls' $15 and $25 minimums by a long shot!  Obviiously if the review were based off of my happiness of winning and losing, there would be a few less stars, but based off the casino itself and not the fact I lost $40, I would say I had a solid time.  Unfortunately for my wallet, I will be going back!
4	For my 200th review I guess i shall delve into the casino.  Let me start by saying that I'm not a huge fan of any casino.  In fact this was the first time I visited in over three years.  So why would I consider stepping foot into the casino and then proceed to write a review, well let me tell ya.I came to attend an event at the Drum Bar located within.  I was unaware that they were able to accommodate special events here.  I really don't want to go much into the Drum Bar right now because that will be another review later.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that there is much more to do at the casino than just gamble.  So much so that I didn't even notice the slot machines for a majority of the night.  With a different variety of foods at the restaurants throughout it's easy to find something to please your palate.  Everyone raves about the buffet and I would be one of those people too.  Tons to choose from, even if it's a bit pricey, it's still worth it.  Gift shop located inside as well.This place is also nice to just walk around in.  It is a very wide open place and doesn't feel like you are trapped inside.  The views of the city are amazing, you get the right angle and you get a spectacular view of downtown.  And the view of the West End and Mt. Washington isn't too bad either.I may have to come down here a few more times to experience all the other places to chill out at.
4	I've been here a number of times and I must say that it is no Vegas casino, I was impressed with it.The place is nicely laid out and and like any proper casino has table games, slots, cafes, restaurants, and bars all under one roof.  They also offer free parking in their parking garage, a rarity for anything so close to Downtown.
2	Poker Room Review (only):I always look for the good things Casino's have to offer and Rivers Casino started off doing things right. The desk staff was very helpful in getting me started with a comp card and telling me about the games. It was my first time here and the only gaming I wanted to do was play some poker.The poker room was a good size 30 or 40 tables and it had the usual games NL, LH and Omaha. While I will never critic the level of play of players, the games were active with lots of action.My objection with the facility was the lack of cleanliness. The poker room was littered with beer bottles, water bottles, plates, napkins, etc. It was just not only my area of play, it was throughout the poker room. I have played in most of the poker rooms in Vegas and AC; and have enjoyed a facility that has pride in keeping a room well maintain.Additionally, the bathroom had no hand soap. This is bad on my book for a plethora of reasons. While I did see the bathroom service a couple of times it still lacked soap. While I mention to staff about soap situation; I just found another bathroom fully stocked at the other end of the Casino.Would I come back; yes, if I happen to be in town. It seems the Rivers Casino is the only game around so, putting up with some dirty floors and so on, is not the end of the world. Water and soda is comp, but beer and liquor you pay. Corona at $4.50 not bad, but com'on man I need to be Comped.
3	First casino I visited in PA. Convenient location, ample parking in the garage and security is great too. Layout of the casino is very good with a diverse choice of slots (I am pretty much a slot player - so I cannot say much abt table games here but they look well visited).
4	Andrews Steak & Seafood has great oysters on the half-shell - fresh and smooth. Drinking throughout the Casino is filled with quick and friendly service. The bar in the middle is a great place to sit down and converse.
3	the casino is there to make money, not for you to make money.this is no las vegas casino environment, although I was only 12 when I visited Vegas so my memory is 10+ years old, but it's pretty unique inside for Pittsburgh. I've always enjoyed the water fountain inside the front doors. I've only won once-- okay twice,the 2nd was $5. my boyfriend put $1 in a penny machine then hit max bet & we won $60.  i usually decide we should go somewhere else when he brings up he wants to go.... you lose more altogether than total winnings.fyi- dont waste your time or money at penny machines. the one time I won also meant a lot of losing 2 other days that I spent 10 minutes there. I graduated to the quarter machine now-- the 2 days of the year that I end up here.
3	My first casino outside of either vegas or A.CWhen you seen one casino I think you have seen them all really despite fancy layouts to some   Upstairs was very nice overlooking the river with a cool venue with seats outside. This is a nice step in the right direction for a city that still uses trolly cars and horse&buggy to get around.The bar had some crazy neon lights and post art deco crap...reminds me of Call of Duty Black Ops Plaza(guys know what Im talking about).The food was average and the staff were not the most friendly of people and my god are you slow cashing my chips in.The casino itself was ok.  I wanted to play blackjack so bad but 90% of the tables were 50 dollar buy ins and for the few that weren't there were lines to play. Did anyone else see across the river the Trivia question billboard with the red lights running down the hillside?  Neat.
4	I'm not sure why others don't like it, it's a casino, not a theater or showplace like some out in Vegas. Parking is free (except maybe during Pirates or Steelers games), the view along the river was nice, I didn't stick around for dinner but the restaurants looked OK. Yeah, no free alcohol drinks but soft drinks were free and it's pretty easy to build up points for free meals. Maybe my having a winning day on my way home helped with the rating, its always nice to leave with more than you started with.
3	I live in Atlantic City so I have seen a couple casinos.. this is a very typical sort of casino, but the positive feature is that since it is the only one here pretty lively place... negative is that alcohol not free on the floor, just soda.. some quite photogenic cocktail waitresses, not that i would notice something like that.. the fruit tart at ciao is great!! good selection of french/italian style pastries and good espresso. i had won $200 and only had to reinvest $5 in the casino in exchange for a delicious fruit tart with blackberries, apricot,and strawberry on a custard bed and a tasty espresso
1	So I go to The Rivers Casino with my 18-year old son to eat at the buffet and maybe play an hour of Limit Hold'em (just me of course).As you can surmise, I never made it past the door.  You have to be 21 years old to just enter the casino.  Now I can see that my son couldn't gamble; but to eat at the buffet -- c'mon that's stupid.  Now my son can go blow all his money on lottery tickets, or vote, or join the military.  But he's too young to eat at the casino buffet.Casinos throughout the country are too inconsistent in their minimum age policies.
4	What can you say about a Casino. Pretty much what he name says. Not sure if you get free drinks I was here for about two hour and I was never offered one. They did have free sodas but you had to get them.
5	This place is HUGE with tons of tables. We always have a good time and find good people and dealers to sit with. If you're not a gambler, I don't know what you'd think of the place, but we're fans!
4	I do not know what more the diner could hope for in a buffet: extraordinary selection, quality, and quantity: the best salad buffet in the region, soups, multiple ethnic food stations with entrees and side dishes, prime rib, vegetables galore, fresh fruit, extraordinary desserts: everything prepared to appeal to the eye and the stomach.  The restaurant is spaced for comfort and to avoid crowds at the buffet tables.  Outdoor dining and seating at the large window make the experience especially nice.  The host and server staff have become more accommodating and friendly with the passage of time. The problem is that the casino does not trust customers to pay on the way out, so at times that it is busy, there is a line of people waiting to pay upon entry.  I have waited in line as long as thirty minutes, which is absurd. The casino is currently offering a buy one, get one free promotion Mondays through Thursdays through October 31, 2013, with presentation of a Pittsburgh Pirates ticket with the promotion printed on the reverse side: unbeatable at two for $21.99.  I wish the buffet was open later, at least on weekends, and that the casino made an effort to get exiting Pirates fans to come for the buffet.  It closes at 9:00 during the week, 10:00 Fridays and Saturdays, too late for those that attend the baseball game.
1	Too smokey
4	I finally made it to the Rivers Casino. Its clean, modern and classy. I lost $10 in one minute on the penny slots. It happened so fast I can't believe it actually happened at all. There is a smoking and non-smoking section, but there are so many smokers and the entire area is filled with cigarette smoke. Parking is free and so is pop and coffee.  This is a really nice place to hang out if you're a senior citizen and/or have money.
2	Flashing lights, lots of noise, pushing buttons, etc.  Either I just described a toy you buy for a two year old, or the reasons I like casinos. Well, I like casinos! Something about total sensory overload combined with the promise of turning my $20 into $24. That's how I roll. I've never been to Vegas, but I've visited numerous casinos so I have a decent basis of comparison. Riverboat casinos in St. Louis, Greektown gambling in Detroit, some stellar facilities in Canada, and other local-ish casinos in the area, like Mountaineer and The Meadows. Compared to the local competitors, Rivers is sprawling and feels much cleaner.  From my driveway to Rivers Casino is literally a 4 minute drive, which is pretty nice twice a year or so when the mood strikes me to play some nickel slots.The smoke in this place is ridiculous. Beyond unbearable. Even the non-smoking section is smokey. The ventilation system is subpar and the designated smoking area seems to take up 75% of the casino floor. The boundaries are not enforced and gamblers walk with their lit cigs anywhere they want. My clothes are always carefully chosen when knowing I'll end up at Rivers to ensure I can throw everything directly into the wash immediately upon getting home. Why in 2013 is there still smoking allowed indoors?!?! The food here is unexciting. Hardly any vegetarian choices and what I have found to eat here has fallen somewhere between lackluster and downright nasty. I've had better food at a roller skating rink concession stand.Please ban smoking at Rivers. I don't want to have to drive to Canada every time I want an enjoyable casino experience.
2	Gambling Problem? Not so much. Smoking Problem? Oh yeah, this certainly exists here!  The casino itself could be pretty nice except for that cloud of smoke that exists everywhere. There's no differentiation of where smoking & non-smoking sections end & begin other than signs. People puff away as they wander through both areas. Figure out what the Vegas casinos use & copy it! They know how to extract smoke so you never realize its there. Or better yet, ban it! All that puffing paints Pittsburgh in a very negative light. So much so that it ruins the Casino.
4	It was a good casino. Free parking, 10-15 dollar tables, and friendlier than Vegas employees. The only drawback was paying for drinks but I can deal with that if the atmosphere is as good as Rivers.
4	Good casino, nice people working the casino tables and it was a good crowd. I can't comment on the slots because I didn't play them but had fun playing craps. Had a gyro sandwich to eat and it was decent, but u enjoyed it here.
2	I've been to many a casino in my short over 21 life. Well short in comparison to being 100 and never once have I had to pay for a drink. I was so shocked that there isn't house drinks!!! Every casino I've ever been to has house drinks!! That being said I like that there's a non smoking section for people like me who have struggled to quit and don't need the temptation. Also Bryan won one of the poker tournaments a few month back so that's encouraging and we hit big on roulette which is my fav game. I just can't get beyond the drink thing though. If I'm going to give away money the least you can do is give me a free drink to help me cope with my loss.
3	Full disclosure: Being that this is my virgin review so please be kind on my lack of proper grammar and spelling and if you had my elementary and junior high English teachers, you would have tuned out as well and be 3/5 literate on your good days :)   Being that I will stick with a subject matter I am familiar with (CASINOS) I might be nitpicking and reviewing the minutia of THE RIVERS!!!!!!  PARKING AND ENTRANCE: choice of valet or self parking garage and I went with the latter.   Easy to navigate and plenty of surv cameras so that you don't feel like you will get jacked before you ever get into the building (Btw. I can never understand why most casino property patron robberies are late hours after 94% of people are leaving with less $ than they came with but i suppose they get stalked after leaving the cage and cashing their cheques/chips/one arm bandit vouchers)   Lots of security guards in between the elevators and casino floor.  Getting carded nearing age 40 always makes me feel a bit flattered yet annoys me frothing to get to the action.  SLOT MACHINES:  one of my least favorite gaming activities but THE RIVERS machines have plush chairs for my lazy ass with cool little TVs built into machines for ADHD people to multi task as to distract their clearLY addictive slot play.... slid a CIVIL WAR GENERAL/CLOWN PRESIDENT dollar bill into  "blazin 7s" and after about 24 full credit spins, my balance read goose eggs..(and people think humans continue to evolve HA)  -$50TABLE GAMES:  I went with the lesser of all evils BJ/21.  It was early afternoon and the limits seemed a bit high so I choose a  $ 25 dollar table and bought in for 2 bills.. .. Original Dealer was quick and courteous and didn't seem to vibe off of people  getting buried or complaining about poor tipping.  Typical BJ session  and get bored with it up 7 units and getting a baby powder stench from the septuagenerarian seated to my left..... +175POKER ROOM:  very spacious, modern and smokefree(reminded me of the Venetian Las Vegas when it was first to open such a layout back in ~2002),,,,,, played 1/2 NL hold em for over 2 hours and was very pleased with the polite yet gregarious dealers who knew how to get the hands out fast yet not cluster f/ ck the process and confuse the players by needing to redeal or take 24858 minutes to seperate side pots..... I played tight and unfortunately so did everyone else so I lasted 45 minutes and -$65BEVERAGES:  self service coffee/tea and soft drink stations which oddly seemed like they had more people in line for them then were in the rest of the casino.... oh and some goofball filling his oversized thermus with MOUNTAIN DEW  (official drink of white trash)HAHAHA   i loved that!!!!!!    Many bars on the grounds and being that it must be state laIw or something not to offer free alcohol to players, I proceeded to sit at a bar and drink a beer and as usual in casinos, the only person not playing a slot machine.  Was something near 5 bucks for a domestic so i threw down $8 ...-$8BATHROOMS: large and clean in typical casino fashion and satisfying in a way that I didn't feel like I needed to blow torch my hands instead of washing them after taking a basic leak  $0 (and don't laugh as i remember paying toilet stalls when i was a wee lad in Nia Falls )I didn't try any of the restaurants as ran out of time and patience to do so.   Overall THE RIVERS was a decent  yet a bit plain jane facility and just the vibe of any casino knowing it preying on my and everyone else's money can never make it 5 stars but  I probably will return and the next time not alone and partially intoxicated.  In an odd way it reminded me of MGM Grand Las Vegas in its color schemes and layout with a mundane atmosphere.....  THE RIVERS 3.5 Stars :)
4	The Rivers is a great spot downtown to play some slots or table games! They have non-smoking sections, a wide variety of machines, beverage service, great buffets with a ton of freshly made cuisines and free parking. Everything is incredibly clean, too! The machines are usually pretty tight but it's still fun to go!
3	Not bad for a local casino, but keep in mind this isn't Vegas.It is to Pittsburgh what the Horseshoe is to Cleveland. It is a gathering place geared towards keeping younger crowds (who don't know how to play basic strategy - more on that later) and older degenerates in downtown.I want to like the blackjack here. State rules on blackjack are extremely favorable. However, management here decided to install continuous shuffle machines onto most table games, which I despise. The rules are still amazing (as are the table minimums), but the CSMs take away from the games itself by "randomizing" each game.People here do not know how to play blackjack. I'm dead fucking serious. I've seen people stay on a 14 vs. a dealer 7 and on a 12 vs. a dealer 10. Who in their right mind would do that? If you want to win money, learn how to play the game first. Jesus titty-fucking Christ.I can't comment on the buffet here; however, the bars here really are good.I'd check this place out if I'm in the area again.
2	Great atmosphere but I hate the idea of gambling. Being the cheap person that I am I can't imagine losing that much money on something so trivial.
3	Smokey, hard to breath cough, cough. Beer is to expensive. They had a few events on the bike path causing a unsafe detour to trail users. The trail was there first and needs to be seperated from the outdoor parking area. Cheaper to eat elsewhere and who wants a nasty cancer causing hotdog. Slot machines so loud I cant barely hear the music or announcements. Got a headache last time I was there, no alcohol involved.
4	Was here a few years ago (4-5 yrs ago). Put $20 in won $500 on a quarter machine. I never ever win at slots anywhere else except Vegas, so that was really nice. Haven't been back since (I live out of state) but I'd love to go back when I visit family again.
3	I'll admit upfront that I'm not a huge gambler; however, I do enjoy the grandness and general environment of a casino. I like playing the cheap slots, watching some of the higher stakes games (from afar, of course), and maybe enjoying some free or at least cheap booze and food. I've been to the river casino 3 times and I've generally had a good time. One thing that I will complain about is that not only are the drinks not free, they're freakin expensive. From my experience this is very unique for a casino. Either way, it's a good time to spend a night here at least once to try your luck at some of the games. I may come back at some point and eat at one of the buffets, but on the other hand I may go somewhere with cheaper drinks and a better time.
2	I must preface this review by saying I grew up in New Jersey and frequented Atlantic City countless times.  Perhaps gambling and gaming have different rules here in Pittsburgh then in AC but.... one super downfall for this casino; you pay for your drinks.  WHAT !!! In AC, if you are in the Casino and playing you will get free drinks.  You give a good tip to the server and drink all night.  Well here, you pay for your drinks, not much ($3-10) but still it makes the night more somber.  One of the perks to gambling is the free drinks, well FREE is a misnomer but, you know where I am going with this.That being said, it is a very small Casino in comparison to Atlantic City and paying for drinks ... well .. that sucks.  I did win a bit at craps and left the Casino ahead, so I guess it is a win for me.  Im not a gambler so not sure Ill go back anytime soon but, I can say this, if they offered free drinks like AC does, I may be inclined to go back just for a day of fun.
3	I have been to Rivers twice now. I'm not really into the gambling scene but Rivers still offers a fun experience and lots of food/drink choices.My first trip here was also my first time inside of a casino. I couldn't believe how huge the place was... slot machines appeared to go on for miles. I totally understand now why people say casinos are disorienting and that it's easy to lose your sense of time. We each had a drink and played the slots for a bit, but we set strict limits on how much we were willing to spend, and pretty much lost our money right away. It was still a fun experience but I just don't really "get" it... to each their own!My second trip was today, and the entire purpose was for the Sunday champagne brunch at the Grand View Buffet. My company was a sponsor for the March for Babies, and a group of us decided to get brunch and drinks after the walk was over. Buffets are so hit or miss, but I did enjoy this. With tip, the total price came to about $26. I think this is pretty reasonable considering it includes an unlimited Bloody Mary/mimosa bar (I think there was also a domestic beer offering) and tons of food options. I was expecting the entire buffet to be traditional breakfast items (they did have some), but they really offered a full range of options. To me it's a little odd to service french toast and crab legs at the same time, but I guess that's the point of a buffet.Everything that I tried was good, especially the desserts. They had a whole variety of small dessert items served in shot glasses and mini martini glasses, which we enjoyed. Nothing really blew me away, but that generally seems to be the case with buffets. A million options but nothing is particularly spectacular. One thing I did appreciate was the attentive staff. My "bottomless" Mimosa was truly never bottomless and there was always somebody with a bottle of champagne nearby to offer refills.
4	This was definitely a nice surprise!  A casino in Pittsburgh!  My husband and I absolutely love to gamble, so we were happy!  I won the whole time I played, so I left with more than I started with (that never happens).  I don't give 5 stars because this is the only casino I have ever been to that doesn't have free drinks for players.  Boo!  B-
1	Visiting family from California and my Fiance and I decided to visit this dump...big mistake. Slots are tight the patrons that wander this shit hole remind of a Friday night at your typical Pittsburgh area wal mart (stained shirt/sweat-pants/velcro sneakers) since it was mid March and Pnc park wasn't open yet this was on our to do list. If you are from Pittsburgh and have a Gf/Bf you want to show around Pittsburgh don't bring them here!! Exp. If they have been to Vegas before they will look at you like you are crazy and say " So this is Pittsburgh?" Trust me take them to Penns Brewery or the Carnegie science center before you waste your time and money here
3	This is a nice and convenient place to go.  I only go here solely since it's close, clean, and for their buffet.  Their Grandview Buffet is incredible.  It is a nice view and you get your money's worth.  The casino on the other hand never pays out.  I always lose money here.  Their high limit room doesn't pay out either.  I will usually play a few slots just for fun, however I never bring a chunk of money here.  I think 3 stars is fair.
4	Keep in mind this isn't AC or Vegas.  That said, rivers is pretty nice for what it is.  There are some drawbacks sure, but it does well.  It's laid out nice, has a good selection of table games and slots.  The card room is always has games and the tournament structure is pretty good.  They have lots of free giveaways and plenty of promotions to keep you coming back.  The food is good, the better being Andrews steakhouse and the buffet.   Protip - the champagne brunch is really good. The cons?  To start, drinks on the playing floor should be free.  There's no hotel.  There's nothing really live or upbeat.  Friday and Saturday nights should have live bands, dancing, and be really uplifting.  It just doesn't happen here.  It's pretty much all about the gambling.
5	The buffet is outstanding. Free Mimosas on Sunday is the best deal going. Parking is free unless there's a game then its $50+ to park. The Drum Bar is great for drinks. I want to try Wheelhouse I've heard good things about it. I'm not big on gambling so I spend very little time on the gaming floor. It's always open and a great outing in Pittsburgh!
3	Was told they don't serve crab legs anymore and found out they did by a customer ! Need better communication with staff mcrees
3	Please get your ID. It's not like caesers or MGM. Though indoor free parking is good.
4	This year they are taking my money...last year they were very good to me. Such the life of a gambler.One thing that is really great is the service here. Yes, I have a slot host. I'm not big time, I just win (lose, spend, donate) enough. Thanks, Anthony...you're the best!(Is it sad that this is the main mail that comes to my house? And, they're often handwritten notes? How about a Valentine's Day card this year?!?!)Decent casino for the area and they do pay out.
2	So when we travel back to Pittsburgh to visit family, we stop at The Rivers. However, I am so over this Casino it's not even funny. The smoke is so overwhelming that even in the non-smoking areas, it is still thick. My husband was playing poker one night, so I was there going from slot to slot for a couple hours to kill time. I'm not much of a gambler, though I do enjoy slots and blackjack. Anyway, back to my point... After maybe 3 hours, my lungs were so filled with smoke that they hurt. I was coughing into the next day. I went back there with my sister a couple days later to have dinner and hang out, and I felt my lungs crying out for help once again. There is a casino in Dover, DE and it is non-smoking throughout. I love that because it caters to all of the patrons. If you are a smoker, then you have to go outside to allow for proper ventilation and respect those that don't smoke. The Rivers should change something about that. Even though it's probably too late for all that.As far as everything else, there are restaurants, a night club, cocktail bars and live entertainment on Friday nights. The buffet is upstairs and is very good. Many different options and types of food is available. Also downstairs there is complimentary soft drinks along the side walls.
