5	I ordered a bouquet of chocolate-dipped fruit for my wife for Valentine's Day online and opted to deliver it myself.  The website was easy to use and the prices were about on par with what I would have paid for any of the other more traditional gifts.  I was in and out of their location in about 5 minutes.  The fruit smelled great and the presentation was very nicely done (the package I ordered came with a balloon and teddy bear) and easy to carry.  It made a great impression when I delivered it to my wife at her work.  She had some leftovers that made it home to me so I can attest to the fact that the fruit was fresh and delicious, even 2 days later (keeping it refrigerated of course).  Definitely a creative gift idea for any holiday that I would use again!
5	I was very skeptical of this idea from the very first time I saw it advertised. How could they keep the fruit fresh? How could they keep it so it really was "edible?"Would it really look like the advertisements?Well, let me tell you . . . I received some absolutely glorious, HUGE chocolate-covered strawberries on Mother's Day from this location and I was blown away at how beautiful and delicious they were! I say "were" . . . they were scarfed down in no time . . . there was no time for them to be anything but . . . . FRESH! Thank you to my gifters . . . thank you also to this location of "Edible Arrangements" . . . they truly were EDIBLE! I am no longer skeptical . . . .
1	I am not very happy with this particular Edible Arrangements location. After placing an order online it says to call the delivery store to see if you can get a schedule delivery time. So after I placed my order I went ahead and did this. After talking to a woman about my delivery she said that she couldn't guarantee an exact delivery time, which is understandable, but I was wondering if I could at least request a morning time delivery. She looked at her drivers schedule and she said her driver isn't scheduled to even start delivering until 12. So I asked her if my delivery could be close to the top for the delivery address is literally 2 miles from their store and the person receiving it gets off around 3. She said she would put a note on my order and have it delivered as one of the first stops. The day of the delivery by 1:00 I new my ordered wasn't delivered, so I called the store and asked them for an update. Another woman answered and said she talked to her driver and it would be delivered in the next 30 - 45 minutes which puts the time at 1:30-1:45ish. By 2:30 I called the person who was supposed to get the SURPRISE delivery and they still did not receive it. I knew they were leaving work soon and so I wanted to call them and give them a heads up so they could receive their surprise edible arrangement before they left, this was the reason I called the day before and asked the store to have it delivered as early as possible. By 3:00 I finally received word for the person receiving the delivery that they got it. They were headed out the door when the driver showed up. What was the point in ordering this surprise delivery, going to all the work to talking to the store to have it delivered as soon as possible if I was going to have to go through the hassle of ruining the surprise and it being delivered right before the person leaves work. I was hoping since I went out of my way to communicate with the store that was literally 2 miles from the delivery stop that it would be taken care of.On a side note, why would a place delivering fruit wait so long to start sending out deliveries, especially if they have business deliveries to make. In my mind fruit is more of a breakfast thing and would make sense to be delivered in the morning time. Who wants to eat fruit for a snack, after they have just filled up on lunch? Also if its delivered to an office after lunch, im sure the person receiving the delivery is not really hungry anymore so they take it home, what is the point of getting it delivered to work if you end up taking it home because its delivered right before you end your day at work or you have already eaten for the day.These arrangements are beautiful and pretty pricy, I expected a little more from this company. My surprise delivery was completely ruined because the store couldn't take care of or didn't listen to my needs, even though they assured me they would take care of it. As a customer when you go out of your way to communicate with a company and they tell you they are going to take care of it, you shouldn't have to worry about it and check up on it. I ended up calling this company 3 times to check on my delivery and each time they told me it was getting taken care of. The surprise was ruined; my delivery wasn't delivered until the person receiving it was walking out the door and it was nothing but a huge hassle. Not impressed or satisfied at all and will probably not be ordering from Edible Arrangements again, let alone this particular delivery store.
1	Omg this is the worst edible arrangement to order from.... The delivery sucks and the employees are no help, the person I requested to get something delivered too did not receive on the correct date because they delivered too later, he did not recieve until the next business day very late in the afternoon! I will never order from this location again!
1	Unbelievable!!! We order my mom, which is dying of cancer some "edible arrangements" for Valentines day, hoping it would bring a smile to her face! All day long we tracked the order and it said "in transit" the day came and went and my moms arrangement never showed up!!! Almost $60 bucks down the drain! We told my mom something was coming the day before, so she was excited, only nothing ever came!! And on top of it all, NOT EVEN A PHONE CALL letting us know that they were not going to be able to fulfill the order, at least if they had let us know we could have gotten her some flowers or something to replace it. THANKS "EDIBLE ARRANGEMENTS", thanks a lot for let my mom down!!!!!!!!  I'm not even mad about it, In fact I'm very sadden by it......
4	I've gotten chocolate dipped fruit on a couple of occasions and they always produce wonderful results. The sweetness of the strawberries seem to be hit or miss but my new favorite is the chocolate dipped pineapple.
