1	DO NOT USE THIS SERVICE! I am still absolutely horrified by the customer service we received today. Our spa broke the other night (of course when we were actually going to use it), so we called our home warrenty who apparently are contracted with Foster's. I read some negative and positive reviews on Kudzu, but of course, we are at the mercy of our home warrenty.The technician came to our house today to do a diagnostic on it, and after a while with him outside, we received a call from our home warranty telling us that the technician called them and said he was unfamiliar with our type of spa and would not be able to fix it. First of all, the spa and control panel are by two different companies so we have no clue what which company  he was unfamiliar with. Second, and most shocking, we went outside to talk to him and HE WAS GONE! He just left without even speaking to us. In all fairness, we called the company to complain and they offered to send someone else out. Thankfully our warranty is sending a different company to us.
1	My home warranty sent us to Fosters to repair our pool heater. The technician showed up; looked at the outside of it and drew the conclusion that the heat exchanger was leaking. He then called the home warranty company and told them the heater was leaking due to lack of owner maintenance. The warranty company then refused to fix it. I called Fosters to complain. They said they were willing to repair it for $1900. That is $400 more than a new one   This company is unethical and an absolute rip off.
1	While going through our home warranty, we had fosters come out to diagnose our pool problem. The repair guy never came in the time they said he would, after 4 messages, which were never returned, we gave up. The next day we get a call that the guy diagnosed it as a clog. The guy absolutely never came out, my dog would have let me know, and he said it was a much different problem than what it ended up being after we had someone else fix it. He wasted a lot of our time and it took a lot longer to find someone else to come fix it. Also, because of his bogus diagnosis, we are having trouble getting the home warranty to cover what the actual problem and repair was. So upset with fosters, would never recommend them. Never had them return any of our messages either. If I could, I would give ZERO stars!! Use someone else.
1	Unfortunately this is another bad review for both Fosters pool service and Old Republic home warranty.  My biggest issue with Fosters is that they do not answer calls or return voice mails... over the period of 2 weeks I left countless voice mails trying to get them to come fix the problem they diagnosed, they never returned one call.  I had to have another pool company come out and and take care of the problem.  As it turns out, Fosters misdiagnosed the problem and the other pool company that came out fixed everything and was much better.  Old Republic home protection/warranty is a completely different level of bad service and I will be leaving reviews on them as well.  If anyone tries to send Fosters out, dont let them because it is a waste of time.
1	This company is terrible! We used them only because it was who our home warranty company sent out. After over a week of back and forth phone calls a repairman finally came out and assessed the problem. Left said he had to get approval and would be back. Another week later he replaced our filter. He left the old filter full of sand on its side on the side of our yard (which we later had to remove ourselves after emptying it of sand which took HOURS) then when I realized I had no checks for payment he said they were unable to accept other forms of payment and then THREATENED me that a lien would be placed on the filter if I didn't pay. Later that day I sent in a money order. They never reported back to my home warranty company that I had paid, and later without realizing it my bill was sent to collections. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!
