4	Hotel Le Cantlie Suites was a very nice surprise. I had booked as part of a cheap, weekend tour, not having a say over the accommodations, and was anticipating a lot less. Hotel Le Cantlie, although not much to look at on the outside, is a nice clean hotel with friendly and knowledgeable staff.First off, location. The hotel is located very close to downtown, so even if it is mid-winter, a walk to the bars on Crescent Street or to the shops on Ste. Catherine will not completely freeze you. If you do prefer to freeze, there is also an ice bar right in front of the hotel. Even more ideal, the hotel is quiet so proximity to the action doesn't translate to sleepless nights.The staff are very friendly. Not only were they able to answer inane questions about hearty breakfasts, but would whip up a map with personalized directions and serve it up to you with a smile. The rooms are very spacious and ours (on the tenth floor) included a kitchenette. The beds have down comforters which are always a great change of pace from the smelly overstarched bedspreads in most hotels. The only real point of contention was the shower. Although, the showerhead brand name, Tingle King, initially provided a few laughs those quickly turned to tears. Ok, not really tears. More like yelps of pain and surprise. See, the Tingle King is a devious little fucker and likes to oscillate between scalding hot and ice water without warning. Makes for a real anxious shower experience. By day three I was really starting to embrace bedhead and was ready to bring back the grunge look. Damn you Tingle King. If you get Rm 1000, I suggest testing the shower for a few minutes before submitting yourself to this torture.
4	I thought this hotel was pretty standard. Nothing blew me away, but it did deliver on everything I expected. What's giving this place 4 stars are the friendly and knowledgeable staff and its location. Conveniently centered in downtown Montreal, with close proximity to all the shopping, and fun happenings on Crescent or St. Catherines St. Moderately priced as well. When I come back to Montreal, I will definitely book a room here again.
4	Hotel Le Cantlie is exactly 4-stars!It is a four-star hotel with a three-star price. The suites were comfortable, and our room had a wonderful view of the street to the Sofitel across the street. While this building is older, the price that I got was so great (for 3 nights, I was paying around $90 w/o parking). The amiable and friendly staff, especially Sam who works in the evenings, and the valet drivers in their garage make this place great. The mezzanine level has a great sitting area where I could enjoy the views in the morning while mostly everyone was still asleep. The location also makes this place great as it is situated extremely close to the downtown locations, restaurants, stores, and if you want to walk Old Montreal. Rene Levesque is only 6-8 blocks away, walkable!When I plan to return to Montreal, Hotel Le Cantlie is definitely the spot.
4	An absolutely fantastic value, and overall a hotel I'd recommend regardless of what I paid.  It's an older building, but it is kept up well and the staff provides a level of service that makes you feel like an appreciated guest.The rooms are clean and spacious, and though the air conditioning struggles to cool them off, it's better than no air conditioning at all.  The bathrooms are on the small side, but nicely appointed and equipped with what is easily the most powerful shower heads conceived by humankind.  It's as if God is screaming at you when you're in there.Location-wise, you have Downtown right there.  You're a few blocks over from St-Catherine, a block from Peel Station, and a short walk to open green spaces.  If (and when) I make it back to Montreal, the Cantlie will be in the conversation for where to stay.  You won't find a better value.
4	After endlessly searching for a decent hotel for a last minute trip to Montreal we settled on Cantlie, mainly based on the deal they were running on Travel Zoo (3 nights for $280). The thing that made the search a nightmare was the sub-par reviews on this, and comparable, hotels. Well thank god for Yelp because I intend to author a comprehensive review...Location - On Sherbrooke, downtown, with what seemed like all the other hotels. Great because I would have been peeved if I shelled out $400 for the Sofitel, it's literally across the street. Cantlie is a few blocks down from the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts, a short walk away from restaurants, shopping, etc. Room - Everything I want in a hotel room - spacious, super comfy bed, TV, closet space, bathroom - and a few extras too! (fridge, microwave, couch, desk). Everything is clean and spotless. The bathroom was small but uses space very effectively. The shower is pretty hardcore (water pressure and temperature, yikes) but I got used to it. Amazing view with our windows facing out from the back of the hotel.Parking - Private garage entrance in the rear alley. Easy in and out access. They bill your room the cost, roughly $18 (+tax) for 24 hours. Very cordial attendant!Internet - Wifi for around $5 (+tax) per day. The front desk provides an authorization code and the charge is billed to your room. I'm actually writing this review from it right now, fast speed!Lobby/Facilities - Clean, well kept, spacious. The three elevators are constantly in use and are a bit of clusterfuck sometimes because they only hold 4/5 people at a time. Decor is a little dated but I expected much worse. It appears that all efforts to modernize have been taken.Pool - Roof deck pool with an amazing view! Lounge chairs circle the pool for sun bathing if you don't want to swim.Fitness Room - One treadmill, two bikes, a few multi-purpose weight benches, and a stretching room. Fitness area also has a cold water filtration dispenser and a TV. It gets a little stuffy when you're working out but there is an AC going.Buffet Breakfast - Decent. Buffet standards: eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, cereal, yogurt., fruit, bagels, toast. Way too pricey if you were paying but we had free meal vouchers for each morning of our stay. Service was spotty, seemed like the staff were running around with their heads cut off. Adequate.I think that's it. I would highly recommend this hotel and return any time!
3	I got a really good rate of $89 through a travelzoo offer which included wifi and a buffet breakfast. Considering I was staying for 6 nights the price was right. I can't really imagine paying much more though: This place ain't the Ritz! Pros - the room is clean and comfortable - the pillow are actually quite nice - you get a kitchenette with fridge/freezer, stove, dishes and microwave - even if you have to pay for wifi it's $5 per day - the buffet has eggs, meats, potatoes, pastries, yogurts, cereals, etc - they have a roof top pool that I didn't check out - free newspapers at breakfast - good location right near McGill and close to many stores and restaurants - plenty of closet space Cons - the rooms need an upgrade. Paint's chipping, carpet's buckling, etc - the staff are ok, not a lot of big genuine smiles (although the waiter on my last morning was very sweet compared to the women that worked the rest of the week) - the internet cut out A LOT which is annoying when you're trying to work - no wine glasses in the kitchen (they had a corkscrew though). Not a big deal but... - no recycling program!!! NOTHING. Even the towels were replaced every day. - the chicken Caesar I ordered through room service was doused in dressing which covered the bland taste of the roast chicken. - my bathroom taps could either be held on or blast out water. No gentle water stream. So I'd probably stay there again if I was on a long stay and got that good price again but I'll be checking out what else is available in the price with kitchenettes first.
5	Stayed here last year and after just returning from Montreal after staying at a far lesser hotel, I felt compelled to review this hotel and give it the praise it deserves. The rooms are very, very large and my room had a kitchen with a refrigerator, a microwave, cupboards and a sink which was awesome since there was a supermarket in the vicinity. The staff was friendly, the beds were insanely comfy (pillowtop bedding and huge comforters!) and the hotel has an old world charm which suits Montreal. We stayed here because of a deal on Travelocity and we were shocked when we arrived and saw our room. We felt like we hit the jackpot! It's a great hotel if you can get a good deal, it doesn't disappoint in any way. It's also close to the McGill area and so there are many shops, food options and public transit in walking distance.
4	Have stayed here a couple times over the last few years only while in town visiting family and needed one night to unwind with friends & a few beers away from them. Lol!The price has definitely gone up, and I actually furnish hotels for a living, so I always find myself wanting to get the owners to upgrade...but the bottom line here is they offer very good service, their rooms are clean, and the beds are really comfortable. That's enough for me after a night in downtown Montreal.There are other choices for sure, but the reasons above will bring me back again. :)
3	This hotel was just ok for me...the location was great, the service was great, the food was ok but the rooms really need updating. They are big, so that is a plus, but they are dated for sure.  I have a few pet peeves when it comes to hotel rooms and one is when there is a little bit of mold (or mold looking) in the grout in the shower....the least they can do is spray some bleach on there so it goes away. I will say that it was clean, but definitely does not have updated amenities. If you can, stay someplace else. The Sofitel across the street looked really nice...
4	Nice hotel, a bit dated, but you are getting a suite.  Full kitchen, living room with a pullout couch, small bathroom and a seperated bedroom with a king sized bed.I was able to check in a bit early, which was nice.  The front desk was quite nice and it seemed over the five days I was there I saw the same girl working everyday morning and night, probably just a coincidence, but take a break.The room was always cleaned and very livable.  They need an update on tvs though.  Flat screens guys, I know I'm on vacation and hardly in the room, but I love watching local news and weather.The only thing I didn't like was calling for room service.  One night we got back late and ordered, apparently close to closing time and they seemed pissed.  Great, spit burger here I come.Also went to the hotel bar once.  Nothing special, but the bartender was very nice and was quite talkative.  The location is great.  Around the corner from the Metro, close to shopping, close to the bar scene.  All in all a great place to stay.
4	As others have noted, the kitchens in the "suite" are a little dated, but suited me just fine. As did the very central location, the very comfortable beds, and the good price. Unfortunately, there were a whole lot of teenagers also staying here (for New Years) with a whole lot of alcohol, but the hotel smartly put them all on the same floor and they didn't really bother us. Parking in the lot at the Omni is actually cheaper (and just a few doors down) than parking at the hotel. Street parking is definitely hard to find. And you'll have to pay a few bucks for wireless. Enjoy!
4	clean, cheap and right in the middle of the city. walking distance to everything. The room is very spacious and with tv's small kitchen, table, chairs,fridge, Coffey pot and quiet floors. the beds are very comfortable and bathrooms are bigDuring Summer Days, they have a pool on the roof.Definitely will be going back to this hotel.
2	Came here along with some friends for about 4 days during August. We are all from New York City and in our 30s.PROS: Location is in center of downtown, couple blocks from McGill University and all the shops and restaurants.The price was pretty good as we got it for about $119/night. Room was comfortable as far as the beds, tv and wasnt loud.Service was very good as far as when we asked for extra toothbrushes, coffee, etc they responded very quickly.CONS: You have to pay for internet, $4.95/24 hours for upto 3 devices.Parking is $23/day!!!!!!!!!!!!!Hotel is old, stove in room is old, fridge is not cold at all, AC is not functioning, some of the outlets were working on/off. There is a gym, laundry and japanese restaurant available but I cant comment on those as we didnt try them out.
4	Huge rooms with good views.  Great location!
2	The room had a full stove, microwave, and fridge - which was a surprise - would be great for longer stays.The cornerstone to any hotel room when traveling is the shower water pressure.  Le Cantlie fails miserably.  My hair is barely an inch and a half long and it took 5 minutes to get rid of shampoo suds.  Also there was the ever-difficult struggle for the right temperature:  turned 5 times it`s scalding, 4.9999 times it`s ice cold :(The cleaning staff seems to have a particular obsession with wanting to get into the rooms and clean them.  It`s 9:30 AM on a weekday, why are you trying to open my door to clean it?  And when I tell you go away, why did you come back two more times to check if I`m gone even though there was two do not disturb signs on the door?
3	Good, central location, clean, big rooms. The hotel was a little old and the bathtub flooded a lot...but otherwise, a reasonable place to stayIt's opposite the Sofitel, next to the Omni and near McGill. A 3 min walk to Rue St Catherine- Shopping District 2 min walk to Peel Station (subway)4 blocks from Crescent street where a row of clubs, bars and pubs are located
3	We booked this hotel as part of a last minute romantic night in town on the recommendation of a friend who knows I'm slightly neurotic about cleanliness and promised this place would deliver. The price was right and the location was good so we decided to give it a try. The suites are on the older side and the decor is a little schmaltzy but the bed was FANTASTIC! It was pillow top, spotless and had a pristine white duvet....very comfortable. The rest of the room was huge and clean and the mini kitchen-in-a-closet was cute and practical for longer stays. Our tv was tiny and old and didn't work when the hairdryer was plugged in....but we weren't there to watch tv so it was fine. Bathroom was clean but tiny given size of room. There wasn't much counter space and the tub flooded if you weren't careful but the water pressure and temperature were great!Hotel was quiet and staff was very helpful - they drew us a personnalized map with all of the breakfast places in the vicinity!You can't beat the price or the location - definitely reccomend!
1	Unfortunately, we experienced very poor customer service at this hotel.  They were extremely rude with respect to the medical emergency we faced the day of our reservation.  There are businesses that train and develop their employees to stick to a 'policy' - no matter what the situation instead of relying on what makes good business sense.  If a person with lung cancer is not able to make to the hotel despite fully expecting to be able to, this would a situation where it is not advisable to have a monkey at the front desk.  This hotel, had placed a gentlemen at the reception desk whose world revolved around their policy instead of his brain and what is good for the overall hotel's business - it's unfortunate that either this person works for a hotel with such values or that the hotel hired a person with this level of thinking.  I do not recommend this hotel for the simple reason that businesses in 2012, if they want to survive are going to have to stop either hiring monkeys or stop training reasonable people to be monkeys.
4	I think Peter K. below hit all of the points about this hotel, so I will give you my personal experience staying here for 5 days/nights during the week in July:I arrived and the staff were very nice and helpful.  I paid for Internet daily which was $5/day (not bad, and it was a business trip, so well worth it).  They do have physical keys which I kind of like because for me it's harder to lose.  The room smelled fine (sometimes older hotels smell like mold, but this one did not).  The bathroom was small, but enough for me staying by myself.  I had a room with 2 queen beds and there was plenty of room for 4 people to sleep, tons of pillows and very comfortable pillow top mattress and soft white sheets/comforter.  There was a desk for my laptop, a flat screen TV and a remote that worked!  I even used their alarm which was easy enough to set and worked every morning to wake me up.The one complaint I have about the room is that the air conditioner was loud.  I actually had to bang on it, pretty hard, and then the noise stopped.  It's old, so I'm sure some part was loose, but I was able to fix it, and the air was strong and nice because it was pretty hot outside.The location is GREAT!  It is right next to the Metro station, and in the heart of downtown where there is a bunch of great shopping, bars and restaurants!  Our group of virus biologists had a great time walking around the city and had no trouble finding our way back to Le Cantlie.  I would recommend this place to anyone visiting Montreal on a budget.  It's a nice hotel and not super expensive, and in a perfect location.
4	We hosted a small conference at Hotel Le Cantlie Suites and stayed there one additional time so far. For the conference we w,ere extremely happy. The catering manager was always at our disposal, ensuring that every detail was the way we'd like it to be. The hotel food was very good - the coffee especially was excellent and several participants commented on it, but we were also able to offer everyone a nice French meal without leaving the hotel for lunch. Everything went smoothly through the weekend. I wouldn't hesitate a second to recommend Hotel Le Cantlie Suites for anyone looking to host a meeting or conference. I'm not sure if it's true, but someone told me that this hotel used to be an apartment building. As a result every room is equipped with a kitchenette (at least they seem to be), which is handy if you'd like to take care of some of your own meals or bring leftovers back with you. Every room I've been in has been clean and nicely furnished (the beds are very comfortable), but it's also an old building so there are a few problems - for instance on our last stay we had only hot water from the bathroom sink and had to go to the kitchenette for cold water... not a big deal, and I'm sure if we had asked we could have been moved or had it fixed, but we just used the second sink. If these were formerly apartments it would explain the small bathrooms in relation to the size of the rest of the accommodations.This isn't my favourite part of Montreal, but if you need to be downtown, walking distance from old town or near McGill without breaking the bank this is the place to stay. You'll be comfortable and the staff are excellent.
3	In town for a couple nights with a friend, he had stayed here before and suggested it as a reasonably priced spot right in the heart of the downtown.Upon check in, it has a nice lobby and service was friendly. We were up on the 20th-ish floor so we had a nice view of our surroundings, which although they were mostly other tall buildings, it was still nice. My feelings on the room are a bit mixed, as it seemed like the place might in transition, and hopefully towards something nicer while still maintaining its current affordability. The leather furniture in our suite still had that new leather smell, and the table and chairs seemed new as well. However, the desk and no name TV were dated and of questionable quality and the beds, while soft and pretty comfy, seemed somewhat worn and a bit sunken in.Then of course there is the infamous kitchen-in-a-closet. Hidden behind innocuous looking, cheap, folding closet -type doors, there was a good sized kitchen. Again, the appliances were pretty dated, but it would have been quite useful if we had been staying for more than a couple nights.It may not be anything fancy and you won't impress anyone with it, but Cantlie Suites does the trick and at a great price.
4	I would defiantly stay here again. The location is great and car parking rates for this hotel is fair. You are within walking distance of many great restaurants, shopping areas, and banks. Rooms are very big and a lot of the hotel has been updated. No complaints regarding cleanliness as they keep the rooms and common area as shiny as possible.
4	Stayed here on a recent weekend during the jazz fest.Have now stayed here several times, and believe it to be one of the best hotel values in Downtown MTL. Decently sized suite, good kitchen (which generally goes unused, save for fridge), Metro just a block away, and easy walks to jazz fest, Crescent Street bars, Ste Catherine St, Bell Centre and Mont Royal. Also, accommodating staff, decent rooftop pool with great view of the city, and parking--always a bane of MTL trips--is generally $10/day cheaper than other hotels.Overall, a solid hotel that will always be on my radar when heading to Montreal.
4	I can't get over how nice and big the rooms are at this place. We paid $150 a night (taxes all in) for a 2 double bed room. The beds were massive and comfy with new linens and lots of big pillows. Huge flatscreen tv and new furnishings. Little kitchenette and huge closet too. Bathroom was large. There was no fan in the bathroom.The rest of the hotel is quite outdated looking, when you get off the elevator on your floor you start thinking "what have I gotten myself into" as the carpets and walls look more 1970s or so.Check-in/check-out was fast, friendly and efficient. Location is super fab, near all the shopping and most good areas are walkable.
4	A great find and a great hotel in the downtown district!As a first timer to Montreal we were not clear on exactly where we wanted to stay. Based on the reviews, and in researching other hotels, I chose the Hotel Cantlie. The price kinda had me questioning my decision, but boy was I so completely wrong...The facts: it's a fantastic location that puts you one block away from the Metro. You can go anywhere (and trust me, we did), either by the Metro, or by walking. Montreal is one of the most easily walked cities I have ever encountered. It was fantastic!The service was very good, in that we not only were greeted and treated well by the staff, but, we do not speak French. I don't understand any of the reviews citing rude or indifferent treatment. I think maybe these were sourpusses when they walked in the door to begin with.To put our experience into perspective. We actually landed in Montreal, stayed one night at the Cantlie, then spent a couple days in Quebec City, and then returned back to the Cantlie. So we got to experience two different rooms on this trip.The first room was one of the older, non-remodeled rooms. Yes, the room was quite large, with a cubby kitchen area. The bath was rather worn, and the sink and tub had cracks in them. The bed was extremely comfortable, and so we did get a great sleep, before heading out the next morning for Quebec City.Upon our return, they put us in a remodeled room. This was a very large room with a sofa, and full apartment size kitchen. The room and bath had been completely updated. Very nicely done. My only "bitchy" comment would be that I don't understand why hotels put pedestal sinks in. Travelers need a lot of bathroom space, and although cool in appearance, a pedestal sink is useless in this situation. They do have a glass shelf above the sink, but still...We also had difficulty with getting the a/c to function properly. It would come on and cool for about an hour, then the cooling would shut down and we would have just the fan running. It made the room very humid. We would rectify this by shutting off the fan for a few minutes, then restart it. But, when you come "home" after being out all day to a humid and stuffy room, it wasn't so good. The system did cool the room rather quickly.All in all, I would totally recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great deal on a really nice and comfortable hotel. Great price, super location, and friendly staff. They also have a restaurant that is open late, and serves a buffet breakfast (or order from the menu). Nice mezzanine lounge area too.
2	Pros- The concierge was very knowledgeable of the hotel and surroundings, also of any questions clients had- The rooms were relatively clean, neat and organized- Heart of downtown and minutes away from shopping and restaurantsCons**please brace yourself.PARKING- If you decided to park underneath the hotel, valet was mandatory. Unfortunately, my friends and I did not arrive into the city and hotel until 4 am so we had the chance to drive ourselves into the parking lot. The horrendous condition of the hotel was probably why they made valet mandatory. The pipes were peeling, the ceilings were low that I had to slouch to walk around and they also used the parking space as their own storage facility for extra tables, chairs and what not. On top of that, you had to give your keys to the lobby, making the convenience of going in, out and about from the hotel a hassle. Another added note was the elevators to the underground dungeon of a parking lot was separate from the elevators to the rooms, and it could only fit 5 persons at max. They were very outdated with dim lights, reminded me of a horror movie in the making.ROOMS- I am not sure of other hotel policies, but I had shared my room with 3 other friends with 2 queen sized beds. There was an extra charge of 25$ per person PER NIGHT.- Access of the rooms were actual keys and not key cards. Very outdated for the price I'm paying for a hotel.
3	The location cannot be beat, and the beds are comfortable. These two things are the best features of this hotel.  We had to park 2 blocks away, as their garage was full, it only cost is 16 bucks for 24 hours, so it worked out for the best.  The hotel is super outdated, and only one elevator was working while we were there. It was a 5-10 minute wait any time you needed to use it.  My biggest complaint is the bathroom has no fan, not good when 3 people are taking showers in the morning. Also, the room never cooled down, the temp was set at 60, but it felt more like 70. We stayed there in October, so you would not think it would be so hard to keep it cool.   The flat screen TV was nice, but no HD and no movies to order.
3	Went there for a weekend and ended up in a nice suite. View was ok but not sure why the neighbours got a balcony and we didn't. The view is nice and the location is good just next to the main fun street. Staff was friendly but abrupt. Price was not too bad but the parking was a little high, especially since you could get an indoor parking spot next door for a third of the price.
2	Stayed here while working in Montreal. To be honest I wasn't very impressed with this hotel. The rooms were very nice, I will give them that but it was the service that fell by the wayside. First off they do not offer wifi with the room, you have to pay for each 24h that you use it and can only have 3 devices hooked up. I was in the room with 2 other colleagues, we were there for work and had about 3 devices each. Secondly I went out for a late dinner and when we retuned the board with all the keys for the valley was sitting out in front of the elevators, completely unsupervised. Anyone could easily have taken a set of keys and walked down to the parking garage. Thirdly, the fire alarm went off at about 11:20 am and the whole building had to be evacuated for about 20 minutes. Not the hotels fault, but afterwards they would not push back the check out time, which the lady at the front desk rudely let me know.  We had to rush back up an pack all our things to leave. All in all, I wouldn't go back.
4	A real steal here. When you first walk in the hotel it's like  going I to some secret service building with a small reception area, typical for it being downtown. The elevator to the room levels blends in with the hotel walls. Which was pretty cool. TO THE ROOM-I didn't expect too much because it was a last minute booking but I was in for a surprise. The room I got was to die for. It was HUUUUGE.its as if I walked into a loft.  It was clean (expected), but sparkling clean. The bed was huge as well and very comfortable. There were loads of pillows and clean linens.  Don't get me started with the view of the city from the room. Breathtaking!
2	Cons: Valet parking was an issue that resulted in us getting two tickets because we had to park on the road until day 2. We were supposed to stay for 10 days and received mediocre service resulting us leaving 3 days earlier. Internet barely worked...frustrating when the front desk doesn't help you and you have to work! Spotty and honestly pretty bad..could get better if I just went to a Starbucks. Restaurant food was ok but definitely overpriced and inconsistent. One morning the kids were free and the next only one of them was?!? I would not stay here again based on these things.Pros: location is good, right down town with plenty to do within walking distance. Room was nice with comfortable beds and roomy. View was nice from 20th floor. Housekeeping was excellent and rooms were very clean.
3	Montreal is not a great city to bring a car to -- especially a large SUV.  I know that now The problem is that we live a mere 4.5 hours away by car, and it's a delightful drive from New Hampshire through Vermont to come to this wonderful city.  Within moments of arriving at Hotel Le Cantile, the car became a problem.  The hotel does feature its own parking garage, but it quickly becomes filled to capacity -- it's small and uses a valet system. The valet told me that they had no more room and directed me to a nearby garage -- full.  I spent an hour driving in ever-widening concentric circles looking for a place to park overnight.  I had no luck.  I ended up parking on the street.  It went like this for two days, and resulted in two parking tickets.The staff at the Hotel Le Cantile could not be any less interested in our dilemma. After all, they all likely used the city's excellent public transportation system to get to work, so why should the plight of some American tourists in their fat SUV be a concern to them? Fine, I get it.The hotel is located right on Rue Sherbrooke, just blocks away from the Musee des Beaux-arts de Montreal (wonderful!), Universite' McGill, Catherine St., and a number of cafes, restaurants, pubs, and shops.  The location was excellent as you could walk pretty much everywhere you needed to.  The Metro stop was minutes away and an affordable way to get around for a family of four. There's an ATM machine/bank right next door as well.We had a room on the 20th floor, I believe, and it had an astounding view of the city thanks to floor to ceiling windows (nerve-wracking with toddlers).  We loved the view.  The room was a "deluxe suite" and featured two queen beds french doors separating the rooms.  There was a quaint kitchenette that was tucked away in the closet with a stove and small refrigerator and a selection of silverware, plates, and pots.  This was truly helpful because the price of restaurants and room service in Montreal quickly sends painful aftershocks to your wallet.The hotel restaurant was fine, but expensive.  They offer a breakfast buffet in the morning.  It had bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs, home fries, fruit, yogurt, pastries, bagels, and eggs/omelets made to order.  The buffet was around $13.00 per person. On some days it seemed that our kids were free, on others, they were not.  It depended upon the staff you had.  The quality of food was good. It was too chilly for the pool, but it wasp n the roof, which was kind of cool.  The gym is tiny, but features a couple of treadmills and a universal weight machine that was a little dated.  There are laundry facilities on the same floor as the gym.Internet service was horrible, and calls to the front desk met with complete apathy.  This made things tough because my wife had some work to finish so we could enjoy our days.The elevator was super slow, which made our forays to the ground floor and back a tedious event.I would have gladly given this hotel four stars if not for the complete ambivalence of the front desk staff.  We've travelled quite a bit internationally and do our best to avoid being the "ugly Americans" but still, the sense of service lacked here.  I don't want to overgeneralize, because some staff members were super pleasant.  The cleaning staff (which, many were unusually attractive Eastern Europeans) made a point to set up our kids' stuffed animals on the bed each day, which made the kids happy when we came back from our adventures.  Nice little touch there.Good cost savings, but not an entirely great experience.
