1	Not your typical Denny's it is funny how often I encounter a business that comes off like they don't want my money. RUN FOR THE HILLS. Especially at night. You are lucky if a waiter even knows your waiting to be seated. It might be the loud rap music playing from his pants.
1	May or may not be surprising due to the fact that this is a Denny's, but I will outline my latest visit to this location anyways. Breakfast at Denny's with a fair sized group of 8 on a Saturday morning. The waitress was ditzy and favored the "elbow in the face" serving technique. Although our drinks stayed full, my friend somehow had the luxury of receiving 3 full glasses of coke, despite his first glass not even being close to empty and ended up being waste. Our orders arrived inconsistently and staggered, with meals being brought out seemingly one at a time. This left some of us at the table waiting minutes until everyone had their food. The sounding of the FIRE ALARM marked the highlight of the visit. A friend had ordered the cookie dessert (basically a warm cookie topped with ice cream). Not only did she receive the cookie still well into the process of finishing her breakfast, but the waitress had explained that the fire alarm was no concern. She explained the alarm was triggered by leaving the now black and charcoal-smelling cookie placed on our table in the oven too long causing a large amount of  smoke (....hwhat..??!). It was easily the most awful looking, foul smelling dessert I had ever seen brought out of any commercial kitchen. Why the waitress even thought anyone would consider eating a hockey puck is beyond me. Oh, and the cookie was topped with an abundance of ice cream and chocolate sauce so as to conceal the burnt look and smell I'm guessing. SMOOTH MOVE. Obviously after one terrifying bite it was immediately sent back. Needless to say, they were suddenly out of cookies for the day, but that's understandable since its the number one ordered item at 10 am right? Right? The waitress deleted the cookie off the check but nothing else. No alternative dessert, no discount, not even a free OJ. The manager was non existent. Cheap food? Yes. Open late? Yes. If that's all you care about then look no further. I, however, will seek better alternatives that better deserve my hard-earned money. Thank you.
4	Been going to this location now for about a year (mostly after 9pm) and have always had a good experience, We have received hot food that was prepared in a timely manor 99% of the time. The night staff is about 1-2 waitresses after 9 so it can be a little wait to get served but it doesn't really change my experience. Nice place to go when everywhere else is closed and you want a quick, pretty cheap meal.
5	I have been coming here for breakfast for years and have always had terrific experience.  The wait staff is outstanding and most accommodating.
