5	Hatoya is awesome!  They have everything, even my favorite kind of  ready to cook pan fry yakisoba noodles - Marusan.  I think it's the best and it's hard to find in Charlotte.It's a small shop but they have everything you could need to make your own sushi at home.  They have all kinds of tsukemono, tea, okake, miso, wakame, kombu, nori, candy like Pokki and gummies, pounded rice red bean pasties, Japanese bread, all kinds of pre-packaged treats and snacks...  I could list a hundred things I haven't seen since the last time I was actually in Japan.The store is impeccably clean and run by the nicest Japanese people you ever met.  They were very patient with me when I was asking dumb questions like what kind of sauce to use when I try to make my own yaki-onigiri at home.  It's down by pineville but the fact that they're a little cheaper than other places around Charlotte means it's worth the drive.
4	Great to have a real Japanese market with all the essentials for Japanese cooking.
5	What a gem to find! Hatoya has many Japanese food items like furikake, miso, and of course snacks! What surprised me is the selection of books and a DVD section! There is also a small section for household goods and a nice sized sake and beer section in the back. The staff is friendly, they may not speak a ton of English but that is what makes them so authentic! If you are in the area, definitely pop in to buy some treats! It's worth it, I promise!
4	this place is fantastic! for a long time, i had been driving all the way to the large asian market on independence. and i prolly will still stop there every once in a while, but this is much closer to home base for me. they have just about everything you need to make a japanese meal and then some in asian cuisine. they have fresh produce and lots of different selections of frozen meat/fish/seafood too. like other reviewers mentioned, there are also tons of books and videos. if you're like me, you will love all the snacks and candies there. the store clerks that work there are way nice and make me feel like i'm in japan again.
5	Absolutely authentic Japanese grocery store in the town. Japanese food only!  This is not a big store, but I can find almost 90% things I need to cook.  I love their frozen fishes, variety choice at a reasonable price.  I love their frozen tofu stuffs and frozen fish balls. I put these for my homemade hot pot.  They also have some vegetables and snacks. They are at Westinghouse in Pineville, I just drive 5 more minutes after I take exit 65B.
