1	Horrible!  My husband and I went through the drive thru, and after screaming out our order several times, she finally repeated it back to us correctly.  After driving to the window, she handed us our drinks.  1 was the correct size, one wasn't.  We asked her to correct the situation and she actually rolled her eyes.  We FINALLY get our food and instead of the onion rings that I ordered, I got french fries.  I told her about that problem and that I would just keep the fries instead of waiting any longer and her response?  "Oh".  Yep, that was it. I tried to call the restaurant to complain after we left, but got no answer.  We have been to this Carls Jr many times as it's convenient, but we won't be back.
4	I was driving on US Route 60 east of Phoenix and needed a pit stop. I saw the sign for Carl's and decided to stop for lunch. The service was quick and the food was standard Carl's fare which I enjoy. My burger was moist and my onion rings were fried nicely. Very easy on-off from US Route 60. Also - the Circle K gas station/mini mart next door was convenient. I would recommend this Carl's for anybody passing through AJ.
4	Gotta love that spicy chicken sandwich. . .  clean facilities, great food, nice staff. I think this is the longest they've had a single restaurant in here, so they are doing pretty good.
2	I ordered the new cheesestake burger combo first time no steak no baked bun as advertised called mgr to complain. I ordered a big carl last week stale bun and one piece of cheese to much sauce sloppy burger.
1	Hate this place! On the window its advertised $5 for a 5 piece chicken tender combo and I wanted to substitute my fries for chili cheese fries and that is supposed to coat $1.39 extra. The guy charged us almost $4 for the chili cheese fries on top of the $5 we paid for the combo. We argued with him and he denied the picture was outside on the window. Service was slow, food was gross, and customer service sucked!!!!
5	In a horrible twist of fate. my car died right in the middle of their drive thru in the dead of the night.  David on their night crew, was AMAZING.  He helped me push my car into a space, and even brought me his phone to use.  I never thought Id find myself with a dead car and a dead phone in the middle of the night, but I am so grateful this outstanding employee was there to help me out.  You rarely see that level of service, and I'm not sure what I would've done without him.  In going above and beyond, he completely saved my night.
2	Coffee sucks!  It's just tan water.  Brought it to their attention .  They said it was all remeasured and there was nothing they could do.  Don't drink the coffee!!
