5	The best wings in Fountain Hills!  Great lunch special too.  Sausage pizza is top notch.  My momma likes their lasagna.  When you got that fix, they hit the spot.
5	OMG!!! I hate greasy wings, but I was craving them. I read the review on yelp( THX!!!) and decided to try it. I was not expecting to be so overwhelmed with such yumminess. I was floored by the abundant amount of meat. I was overjoyed and I know it sounds stooge, but I was really happy, and full. I don't want wings from anywhere else!!!
1	Dissappointing to say the least. Pizza crust is good but the add on's are just thrown on to a piece of cheese pizza and called good. Ray's still has the best by the slice! I won't be going back...
5	Best pizza in Arizona!  I'm a pizza snob and this is no run of the mill pizza.  We love the sausage pizza. The kids like pepperoni of course. You won't be disappointed.
5	Pisa pizza is by far the best pizza you can get in fountain hills. They're lunch specials are great, and they always have friendly service. Whenever I'm in town, this is my me and my moms favorite place to order a pizza, and now they even deliver! If you want great pizza, this place is a gem and a locally owned business as well so support it! I know I will continue to. Keep up the great work guys!
5	We love this place! Wonderful pizza!
5	Wife and I are big fans of their thin-crust cheese pizza. It's simple but tasty. Not as complex as Redendo's but that's OK; sometimes simple is good. Hot wings are sublime. Haven't tried their stromboli but it sounds intriguing.
1	I don't normally take precious time out of my life to complain however in this case I think it is warranted.  I called in to place my order and wanted 2 pizzas, each with two toppings.  I had a coupon for two free toppings on any pizza delivery.  I was told it would be $20. and change.  My fault for not asking how much each pizza was in the first place, lesson learned.  What I got was one pizza with 4 toppings.  Now being in the restaurant industry myself I know that mistakes happen.  I also know that regardless of who's mistake it is mine or my customer's it is my best interest to keep my customer happy and fix the problem.  My biggest complaint is that I told the order taker on the phone three (3) times (at least) what I wanted and plainly told him I wanted two (2) pizzas with two toppings on each one so that I could use my coupon.  I proceeded to call pisa pizza back and ask where my other pizza was.  After speaking to the owner, the delivery guy and the order taker again to get my second pizza and bantering back and forth I decided I didn't that second pizza for fear of what might be on it. I will admit I got into a little heated discussion with Lucky the owner and perhaps said some insulting things about his cardboard pizza that I regret.  I was serious when I told him I have had better pizza for less money!   End of story I paid $23.00 for a cardboard pizza.  I will never patronage this place again I don't care if it the only pizza place in Fountain Hills.  Sigh.....Why couldn't I bring my pizzamania pizza joint with me when I moved from CA.
5	I have been going to Pisa Pizza since off-campus lunch in high school... years later I've been around the block a time or two, and it is still my go to pizza joint when I am in town.  Additionally, I find myself comparing other places to Pisa Pizza when I am out and about; more often than not, PP comes out on top in my mind. I actively recommend this place to people when they say they are looking for a more authentic NYC pizza joint, or anyone seeking some wings.  Salads are what you would expect and other menu items are not bad... I just love the pizza crust and sauce so much, it is hard to stray.  Not too sweet, not too salty or overpowering. They have always had great lunch specials, and take-out has been consistently seamless for me.  While there is dine in seating, it's not fancy but it's certainly a comfortable enough place to plunk down amongst the NYC wall murals, and eat.  If there is an important game on, odds are good they will be playing it.I really like the friendly family that runs/owns the joint, and they give off a "legit pizza  place with Italian roots" vibe that for me is a central part of the experience.
1	I would not know how the pizza is as they were incapable of knocking or calling to announce their presence. We found a note on our door that they had tried to deliver but that we hadn't answered. When we called they wanted to deliver the same cold pizza. We refused and we were verbally abused not only by the son who's the "manager" and who apparently delivers without a phone or knuckles (or perhaps he wore them off dragging them on the ground) but we also had the joy of his father the owner yelling at us. 4 thumbs down from this household.
2	so far, not impressed. walked in, place has 1 table full of about 8 people. and  a couple people waiting for food. other then that, all the other tables are vacant, and dirty! it's not busy, why isn't it clean? i sit at a dirty table... dude says it will be 6-7 minutes and if i mind the wait... i said no. 10 minutes go by, and i only ordered 2 slices of pepperoni. you think this would be ready at lunch time, right? maybe not...so it takes longer then what he said... i get it in 15.. and it is just cheese pizza re heated up with whatever topping you want, not fresh.... but hot as hell! sauce is not very tasty, dough is very bland. the cheese was really good though, and the hint of italian herbs seasoning help the taste. The crust was nice and crisp though... i wont be back. food didn't do it for me. even if a place is dirty and unorganized, i'll still come back if the food is awesome!!! but not the case at Pisa Pizza. It's ok food with a dirty atmosphere, 2 tv's and only 1 on playing nothing interesting.... very boring nothing special, not very good service.... i'll say no more.
5	Yum! I'll definitely be back to this place!!!So...I'm kinda weird and I'm trying this whole vegan diet thing. One of the things I struggle with giving up is pizza. I mean, you're talking to a guy who would eat pizza with like 8 different cheeses on it. Ugh. But yeah, Pisa Pizza helped me out!When I called, the gentleman who answered the phone was very polite and accomodating to my weird request. I ordered a sicilian pizza without cheese and added fresh basil. Sounds kinda boring, right? Nah! Their crust was pretty good...it was light and crispy and not too doughy. It was cooked just right...not overdone, not underdone. The pizza sauce they use was really good too...not too garlicy and not under seasoned. The basil was fresh...I just wish there was more of it. I bet their pizza is REAL good with cheese.
3	ok so I like them however for some reason the top part of the pizza is always a little under done. Bottom of pizza is always cook great and crust but sometimes if you get a bite of raw dough its not the best. is there way to request the top being cooked a little longer. ?
5	I personally believe this is the best pizza and also wings in Fountain Hills.  Now I like my wings crunchy, which is not to everyone's taste.  So if you like them big, fluffy and dripping in sauce they probably aren't going to be for you, I guess that's for each person to decide.  They have a decent Large pizza and wings combo price and I like that I can order online through Grub Hub because I hate talking in the phone.
3	I live in Fountain Hills and strongly believe in supporting our local small businesses. I actively seek out these places and give them multiple opportunities to wow me. And I have been pleasantly and surprisingly wowed by many of our town establishments. Based on the reviews here, I knew I had to give Pisa Pizza a try. It was...okay, but not great. If you're going to do thin crust pizza, I want the crust to be crisp and maybe I've just had odd experiences, but I've never gotten the crunch I was looking for. Toppings are okay, but nothing surprising or unique. In addition, it's a small place without much ambience, so I always order ahead for take-out. For whatever reason, every time I've called and ordered pizza and was told how long it would take, when I went to pick it up, it hadn't even been started yet. It's not that the place was busy and they were running behind - at most there were one or two other people waiting for their pizza. If you tell me 15 minutes and I get there 15 minutes later, I don't expect to wait another half hour.
1	Terrible pizza.  Wings are ok.  Asked for artichoke with chicken and mushroom. Got anchovies with chicken and mushroom.   Customer service had trouble speaking English, which explains the problems.   Crust was tough and pizza was cold when we picked up within timeframe.  Wings were ok.  I will not eat here again.
5	I wish to share my very good experience with Pisa Pizza.  The dough is crispy and fresh, the pizza very flavorful, and the order prepared quickly by a friendly staff.  Overall a very good value.  I'll be back.I wanted to address a prior review.  C N gave this place three stars.  Let me tell you, from him, THAT'S AMAZING!  Read his prior reviews.  THIS GUY IS A TOTAL BUTCHER.  All he does is complain about peripheral things at every place he goes, (weak wifi on the patio?!?!?  WAAAAAHHHH!!!!) and then makes himself feel better by using words like "shame" and "avoid."   Are the wings at Pisa Pizza perfect?  NO!  It's a pizza place.  Get a life.  If you pay any attention to his reviews, SHAME on you.  AVOID listening to C N. and give Pisa Pizza a try.
4	Pisa pizza is awesome.  Their pizza, thick or thin, is very good. Salads are very good. People are always friendly.  Best in fountain hills!! Have tried others and no one comes close. Redondo's is yucchy.
4	I have had the pizza here a few times when I come from NY to visit my parents. It's pretty good pizza. I just ate there tonight though and it was fantastic. Perfectly crisp and flavorful. The restaurant is clean and the owners/servers are very nice.  Overall a good choice for a small pizza place
5	My go to place in Fountain Hills for NY style pizza. I grew up in Brooklyn, NY so it can be difficult to find what I would call 'good' pizza. This place fits the bill. Keep up the good work guys!!
4	We have been here for dinner & for wings on several occasions.  We have never been disappointed. Usually a good meal.  Big portions so we never leave hungry.  Their plain wings are our go to when we want a late night snack.I would recommend this as a go to in Fountain Hills. For dinner & for lunch.
