4	OK, I took my little brother to Vegas for his 21st birthday.  Naturally, we did the stuff in between, the buffet, the shows, countless bars and drunken taxi rides back to the room, where we then get escorted out of our hotel room and the whole cycle continues....But in between, my brother wanted to do some things that were away and off the Vegas strip, something different that would make it more interesting when people asked what did you do on your 21st birthday in Vegas?We found our answer on the Internet, we were a small five person group, non of us had any ATV riding experience and one of the guys asked if we ever had done this before, we had planned to just go out, rent the ATV for a couple of hours and screw around, fortunately the guy did pick up on how green we were and said he could take us out on a riding tour.  It was 50 dollars more then we had initially budgeted and it was 2 hours less, still at $250 per person it was a expensive endeavor, but I figured it was a one time deal and I sure at the tables one of the guys would lose that much in the same amount of time, at least this way were were getting outside and doing something different.  I am glad we did this, first of all we wouldn't have been able to find the place, the actual business location and the trail was a short drive away...  they took us to it...  They also gave us lessons, taught some of us how to ride a manual ATV and took us on a proving training grounds to prepare us.  30 minutes later, they thought we were prepared and decided we would go and do the real thing.  They trail was nuts!  There was anything you could imagine, narrow chicanes, long dusty straight, moguls, drops, cliff sides and steep hill climbs and descents. I took some of the most amazing shots ever on this trip, it was absolutely stunning scenery.  We even got to explore and check out some of the abandoned mines and the tour guides supplied us with some water and took pictures of us riding with our camera.  One other reason I'm glad we had guides with us was that we were out in the middle of the day in 107+ degree F weather, and one of the people in our group was getting pretty bad heat exhaustion, and got us a short cut back to the car.  They helped find him some shelter to cool down and eventually we decided to move out, still despite that little heat thing, it was a fantastic outing.  I was told that if you go in the mornings the heat is not nearly an issue, we just decided to show up middle of the day in the worst possible conditions...  :)  Still it makes for a good cocktail story...The lady that runs the inside of the office can be a little rude, but don't let that put you off, the people that run the trails and tours for this company is freakin awesome!!!  Oh and I want an ATV now....
4	I agreed to this tour not thinking much about it.  Hey, I have fun riding my Grandpa's ATV when I visit, how hard could it be?  HARD!  Holy moley, my entire body hurt so badly after this tour, especially my arms because I was holding on for dear life.  And, I didn't realize until close to the end of the tour that I was sporting a dirt mustache and goatee despite wearing a helmet.  Hehehe, at least I can laugh at myself.  This tour takes you along mountainous terrain and I thought certain parts were extremely dangerous, but overall it was a good experience.  Definitely something to check out if you're a thrill seeker, not saying that I'm not, but this certain thrill no longer exists for me.  The pain was easily managed with some Aleve and a few drinks, after I was done driving/riding the ATV of course.  Check it out, but with caution.  My boss just told me that his physical therapist fractured his arm on a similar tour.P.S. - I was a little nervous at the beginning after they make you sign a waiver releasing liability for injuries and death.  =/  Proceed with caution.
4	As part of my buddies bachelor party I wanted to take him to do something that was fun and away from the strip.  Yes, we've already went to the gun range last year for another friends bachelor party and shot automatic weapons so this time we decided to go ATVing in the desert.  After a quick Internet search, I found Las Vegas ATV Tours and Rentals and went to their web site.  I saw their Internet special where we could rent a quad for 3 hours for $99!  (A Polaris Trailblazer 250).Over all great experience with this outfit.  The lady who took my call was very friendly.  Upon arriving we were promptly outfitted with our helmets, gloves and goggles and went through the paper work.  Yes,  you sign you life away but nothing serious can really happen unless you're doing something stupid.  The terrain is mostly hard packed dirt and rocks.  Lots of open trails and some technical trails.  Be sure to hydrate before you go out because its hot.  Also be sure to wear clothes you wont mind getting dirty as you'll be covered in dust by the end of the day.
5	seriously the most fun i've ever had. the whole experience from start to finish was awesome. we almost cancelled on a monday morning appointment because we were hung over. but when we found out we were going to be charged anyway, we toughed it out and headed out to the desert and it was sooooo worth it. i would be kicking myself if i didn't do it. the desert scenery is breathtaking and our guide was kick ass awesome! we spent 2 hours riding and talking with him and it made our vegas trip so much more fun!
1	This place is a nightmare.  They rented us a boat, but admitted it had been damaged the day before with a rope sucked into the intake.  While we had the boat out, the gas gauge was broken so we never knew if we were going to run out!  We returned the boat on time, and they looked it over.  The guy found a hole on the outdrive nozzel the size of a grapefruit.  We never ran aground or abused the boat so we didn't do this!  The damage was likely from the previous renters.  The lady at the desk even assured us it wasn't our fault and was going to talk to her boss.  Now all the sudden they want $1000 damages from us!  They lied to our faces and are cheating us because they have our credit card and deposit.  For all we know they do this scam on everyone!  DO NOT RENT HERE
3	Get your motor running...As with most people, my buddies and I did this for a friend's bachelor party.  The drive can take a bit of time (a good 30-45m) from the strip before you actually get riding, so be forewarned.  One of the positives is that they come to your hotel and pick you up.  The van is stocked w/water thats included with the rental.  So drink away.  The staff was really friendly and easy to talk to.  So there wasn't much awkward silence during the whole car ride to the dessert area.  Pricing isn't too bad compared to other ATV locations we considered but then again, we weren't too experienced in what is considered "good" pricing either.  So I could be wrong.The conditions of the atv's weren't as "new" as I thought they might be but given that they're atv's...can't really expect it to be new either right?  Since none of us ever rode on an atv, we went with the tour option.  This option isn't too bad but can get boring fairly quickly because you're not out on your own doing the crazy stuff that you'd really want to do.  Overtime, you kind of get itchy to just let loose and see how far you can push it.  So that's something to consider for next time.  However, the trail we were taken on did have a bit of variety that was fairly exciting.This place is kind of so-so.  Its worth trying if you've never gone atv-ing before but I'd probably recommend just doing a free ride if you can instead of going on the trail/tour.
5	I brought a group of bunch of freaks to the desert. It was dirty fun to ride real live Super Mario carts; chucking turtle shells at Wario, running over Princess Peach, and knocking over Yoshi on his ass.  The guide kept us from going lightening speed. But I guess I can't complain since we all walked out without a bruise.  Two shrooms up!!
5	Absolutely amazing! Kim was very helpful as well as our tour guide. I am a such a "girly girl" and I had a blast. The staff was very knowledgeable and willing to answer questions and offer suggestions. The view was absolutely amazing, we were offered time to stop and take pictures and drink water. We paid $99 a piece... I swear the best hundred dollars spent.
1	my rental from this place was nothing but a nightmare. equipment broke down from the start and didn't work right all week. one of the worst customer service experiences of my life. i recommend you not to do any business with this company.Richard L.'s review has this place described just right... don't believe Carmen K.
5	Definitely recommend. Worth every penny. Dave, our guide, was very professional and personable. This was our first ATV experience and will definitely come back!
4	Outstanding, especially with groupon discount. Sean and Lou were friendly and helpful and the pickup and drop off where we were staying was great.After a 10 minute prep talk we tooled around the loading zone getting used to the bikes and then rode off into the dunes. They are both excellent guides and fantastic for newbies and experienced riders alike. The terrain is rough so be prepared for a physical workout as you manhandle the bike through and over dunes and shale.Would totally recommend this to anyone.
1	Took our credit card information, and scheduled us for a 4 hour 2 o'clock tour We were so excited to go, this was an anniversary present to each other too. We had it all planned, and were waiting outside for our guaranteed pick up from the hotel. We found out 10 minutes before the tour was supposed to start, 20 after we were supposed to have already been picked up, that our tour was canceled, and HOW did we find out? We had to call them ten times before one single pick up.There are plenty of other ATV tours in Vegas, try for a more reliable group. Wouldn't recommend. At all. Ever.
