5	This place was really impressive. A nice selection of hip unique labels and meticulously hand picked vintage pieces. The decor inside was very thoughtful. I always like when shops have a turntable and a stack of old records. Its a good sign. The gentlemen working here, Tyler I believe, was incredibly helpful and super nice.
3	Really nice $1,000 jacket here. Heavy and lined with wool & gold no doubt.
5	Probably Montreal's most carefully curated clothing boutique.  Certainly the most genuinely friendly of its carefully curated clothing boutiques.  Contrary to one of the earlier reviews, there's no vintage clothing here, but you will find a small, but smart selection of men's and women's clothes by small and up-and-coming designers from Europe and North America.
5	The SpotLes Etoffes can be found nearing the quieter end of Boulevard St-Laurent, but by no means out of the way. You'll recognize it by its fashionable black wooden storefront. Step into this store and you'll immediately be transported away from Montreal. Where to exactly? We couldn't tell you, but this store is distinctly un-Montreal, in the best sense of the word. The orange sun peeking around the mountain and pouring in the front window on a fall afternoon makes this an especially pleasant shopping experience.What's Really Good?Les Etoffes is run by a stylish Montreal couple who definitely know how to pick their items, and what their clientele are looking for. Where many stores offer never-ending selections, this sleek looking boutique has a special selection of timeless pieces that vary in price ranges to fit anyone willing to pay for quality. You'll also like the quiet and friendly atmosphere.You'll Wanna KnowKeep an eye out for the wallpaper. You'll get a kick out of it.
5	Brilliant little boutique, carrying only high-quality clothing. Love that the owner cares about quality, materials... And supports small companies. The set up is amazing, creative, clean and easy to shop. Not sure if it's the owner or the manager we spoke to a few days ago but he was very knowledgable about the lines and designers they carry. Played great music, too.
