4	Prices are slightly cheaper than Office Depot & the checkout clerk was very friendly & helpful as I was buying a wireless N Broadband router $79.99.  He explained the extended warranty which was $11 for a year which I didn't get since the credit card has the same coverage.  The store has a clearance in the back but nothing that I really needed.
4	I always come here to buy the TDK DVD-R 100pk when they are on sale. This week they are only $17.99. The staff is always friendly and helpful every time I shop here.
4	Stopped in to get some information on labels I was making for a project I was working on. The clerk at the service counter was very knowledgeable and helpful. I will take all my printing and office needs to the Max from now on.
1	I decided to refinance my home. I was told that my documents would be emailed to me.  The email never arrived OfficeMax kept my documents for 2 days.   someone took the information from those documents and decided to write checks against my account now I'm dealing with identity theft.  I have never had issues with officemax and I have been going there for years but I must warn others please stay away.
1	I went there March 3rd in the morning to print some photos and the guy there was sohelpful he really deserves the 5 stars the bad thing is that I don't remember his name (I think Mike) but he looks super young and with black hair he edited my photos the size I want them and had great ideas on how to cut them I ended up paying 8 dollars for 14 copies (color). I go back there two days after March 5th and the girl there called another man (don't remember his name but he has a beard and brown hair) to help me he first told me that I didn't send the email correct with my file of photos, when I was about to re-send it he found my email which I knew I send but whatever is not a big deal, then I started explaining him the lengths I needed for this photos so he was about to start doing it but he stopped to clarify me that he was going to charge me 1.xx dollars for editing them and there was a minimum of 5.xx dollars that I needed to pay. I was very mad because since the beginning the service wasn't the greatest and then he told me about this "charge" of course I ran to Office Depot where they didn't have this "labor charge"..... Office max in general is a good company even better than Office Depot in my opinion but come on is all about the customer service. I know how important it is as I'm a sales associate specially if you are working with local customers. Economy is though you really want to make these customers come back by offering them great customer service if not people won't stop by your shop.... No business=no money=no store= no job for you ;) so try to make an effort with your service!
