5	I love this place!  The staff is fantastic as is the service.  Great selection of eyewear and all at really great prices.  Couldn't ask for more.  Will be going here indefinitely.
2	After using this location as our eye care specialists for the last three years, my husband and I finally decided to call it quits. They had three years to impress us--never have they done so. The staff (depending on the day/month/year) can range from completely unprofessional to outstanding. Unfortunately, they change so often that you are never quite sure what kind of help/service you will receive. The doctor herself seems nice enough, but you spend about 5 minutes with her that it's really hard to built a client/patient relationship. (She comes across as if she could care less to, anyway.)This last visit, my husband and I had back to back appointments. We both took about 30 minutes each--totally reasonable. When it came time to pay and order contact lenses & new glasses frames--the process took over an hour. That's just absurd! Even after all that waiting, I didn't leave with a receipt, new contact lens or glasses.  I was told in two days, I would be emailed the receipt, confirmation of my contact lenses purchased and once she had figured out the cost of my new glasses lenses--the price. I called five days later to have them email my receipt and my rx's. Looks like it's time to find a new optometrist. Sorry 20/20, you had three years of chances.
1	My initial appointment was good and I was able to get in quick. They spent at least half an hour with me teaching me how to put contacts in.However, they didn't tell me what my insurance coverage was. Additionally, the contacts I was prescribed are not comfortable. I'm a first-time contact wearer so after the 10 day trial, it wasn't something I could distinguish and I ordered a 90-day supply. That's fine; I understand they may not know exactly what works for each individual.The issue I have is that I have called twice (and will soon be a third time) in the past 3 weeks trying to get a prescription for a different brand of contacts. I'm told the doctor will get back to me, but nothing. Usual doctor call-backs should occur by the next business day.I will not be returning.
5	We recently switched our eye dr. to Dr. Shifrin and are very happy with our decision. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Will definitely be recommending to friends and family.
5	Great service Tony is awesome best classes ever and Rachel was amazing best service ever.
4	I have been going here for about three years.  The doctor is great I really like her.  The rest of the staff seems to turnover frequently.  They carry some really nice frames and the staff is always very helpful with selecting what looks good.
