4	Was up all night with some sort of tummy bug. Finally at 3am I couldn't stand it a second longer. Uhg!  Try finding a place that sells Pepto, in Scottsdale, open past 10pm.. good luck. Fortunately this is the only Walgreen's even remotely close to where I live that's open 24 hours a day. Let me warn you though, at 3am there are loads of freaky people! So, keep to yourself, get what you need and get out.
4	is it weird to be in love with a walgreens location? i consider this MY walgreens.today i went and guess what- they have like mini dr. offices there to write prescriptions!!!!!! its my new favorite thing!!!!!!! its so hard to get in to see my doc so this totally makes me super happy. everyone is so nice here and this store is so clean and the restrooms don't have those annoying keypad locks that the rest of the walgreens restrooms have. ya, i could go on why this is the alpha location but i wont. i just love this place. esp the 'as seen on tv' aisle.  (btw- the smooth away does not get rid of any hair-fine, course, medium, nada- dont buy one)
4	Being sick and nearly alive.. the last thing you ever wanna do is wait in a damn pharmacy for for pills right!? all you wanna do is take some and pass out!  I LOVE THIS PLACE.... even though there were old ladies bout to throw down in line... and only one pharmacy tech on hand (damn economy - cut backs) all in all i only had to wait about 20 minutes ... the cashier and the tech were absolutely lovely and sweet.. even though they were just about to get jumped by an 80yo lady with a hot little temper! this place tops walmart any day .... : )
4	While CVS carries my prescriptions, this is MY Walgreens... (hope you're ok with that, Samantha!)  It's Jared's Walgreen's also!  We're out of toilet paper, go to Walgreen's.We need soap or over-the-counter drugs, go to Walgreen's.The latter was the reason for our visit tonight.  I'm not the sick one, Jared is... but being the good wife that I am, I went with him to the store.  He didn't trust my judgement on which Sudafed or Tylenol to purchase, so we waited in line and asked Kelly the pharmacist for her opinion.  We had to wait a bit, but it was worth it.  She recommended Walgreens brand Nyquil flu liquid medication and a Walgreens 12 hour daytime tablet too.  The receipt from this visit came to $24.47 including the above meds, Kleenex, Angel Soft toilet paper (9 rolls on sale for $4), and a three-pack of paper towel.  Not bad, right?  Especially if Jared feels better soon!****The store itself deserves three stars but they get bumped up to four because of the fact that they are open 24 hours!
1	I went to this store in order to have some of my pictures restored and unfortunately came across an employee named Dolores in the photo department. This is by far the worst display of customer service that I have experienced with Walgreens or any other store I have ever visited. I was using the self-service computer and had asked her what I needed to do next in order to progress with my order. She started by telling me that I needed to scan the pictures and rudely kept pointing to the machine as if I was somehow supposed to know exactly where the scanner was hidden. I asked her to show me instead of just pointing and she just kept repeating "there, there". I then realized that there was a drawer underneath the computer and opened it to scan the pictures. She then condescendingly stated "there you go" and advised me that I obviously had to scan the pictures in order to get them into the computer. After I scanned the pictures she then stood next to me and started rudely telling me how to operate the machine by saying "do this and do that" without explaining anything or making sure it was the way I wanted it. During this, there was another customer asking her to show her where an item was located and had asked Dolores to get it for her as she seemed to have an issue that made it hard for her to get around. I was amazed how Dolores told her that she would not get it for her and told that it was only a arms reach away and that the customer could easily get it herself. After this customer asked again and Dolores would not do it, I took it upon myself to get the item for the customer. Dolores came back to my machine and just started hitting buttons as if to quickly finish my order and rush me out of the store. I then advised her that I no longer wanted her help and eventually was able to get the order correctly into the machine myself. After I complained to her manager Dolores told me that I didnt need to get upset about it and began telling me how the previous customer had been in the store for multiple hours and was just trying to be a nuisance, I told her that there was no excuse for treating someone the way she did. She than told me that I didnt know what she was going through or what kind of life she had as if to argue with me further. I advised her that this was none of my business and that no matter what; the customer should always come first. Dolores than told me that she always treats every customer the same and would not be changing her ways anytime soon. She also stated that she had been there for a long time and no matter what, she would be there for a long time to come. I told her that I was amazed that Walgreens would keep someone for so long if that is how she treated all of her customers and asked for my claim check so I could leave. She proceeded to continue as if she had not heard me and after 5 minutes of this she finally gave me my claim check. I will never go to this walgreens again.
5	This Walgreens is pretty dang cool!
4	This is our local pharmacy of choice.  They usually have what we're looking for, and the pharmacy's turnaround times are consistently quick.
4	Located in the heart of downtown Scottsdale, I stop here to pick up random stuff when I'm in the area.  My most recent visit, I bought some tooth pick/flossers......I'm a regular flosser and can't stand having stuff in my teeth after a meal.This place is always busy when I stop by....probably because there's a bunch of tourist areas nearby.  The staff here is always friendly and the long lines move quickly.Return Factor - 82%
4	Great location near downtown Scottsdale, always plenty of parking and freeeeeeeeeee, and a nice selection of everything you would expect.  I come here EACH and EVERY time for something when I am visiting, whether it is toiletries, snacks, water, or allergy pills...this is my place!  It's kept clean and neat, and the clerks are very helpful and nice.
4	I love this Walgreens.  I love that it's right down the street from my work.  I LOVE  that there's a Take Care Clinic inside (which I only have to pay a $20 copay via my insurance) if I need to see a NP.  I love that I can get not only my meds but also make digital photo prints while waiting for those meds.  Love the fact that I can go in at 2pm or 2am and find what I need - Gotta love 24hr locations!!Shoot even if I did need something at 2am, I'd still drive to this location rather than the 24hr location off Thomas and 36th Street.  Without even thinking twice about the distance.
4	Came in here at about 3am. The STL was pretty chill and nice-- not like a lot of the other ones. My roomie needed some ROCKSTAR to drive back down to Tucson and thank god for this Walgreens. :D
4	Why aren't there MORE things that are open 24 hours, that's my question. But I'm just glad this Walgreens is. Mild health emergencies, a sudden craving for a box of Dots, the realization the milk you thought would last for two more days is definitely sour... Walgreens has you covered. The pharmacy staff here are very friendly and patient, unlike other pharmacies in my experience. You don't get the feeling you're ruining their day just by asking them to do their job. The clerks are all pretty nice too, but there's something about a friendly pharmacy staff that warrants a special mention, I think because when you're sick and you have to deal with insurance stuff and prescriptions, it makes all the difference in the world if the people helping you are nice about it.
5	I've never walked into a store like Walgreens and been greeted with such enthusiasm and and warmth.  I only came in buy some water, but I was greeted once upon walking into the store, another time while walking down an aisle and the cashier was gushing with customer service and wished me well as I walked out the door.Color me super impressed!
5	I've stopped into this Walgreens for random things before, it's not on my usual list for toiletries and such but I didn't feel like driving to Walmart.  I was strolling around their beauty section and a couple of the sales associates actually asked me if I was finding everything ok. One of the associates who was working the counter in that dept came over and offered me a sample of the product I was looking at. A sample? At Walgreens? I had no idea. She even mentioned that she tried the product herself and told me that it's a good seller. Wow! I've never had such personal service before at a Walgreens. It was a nice surprise. I think they are pushing a new slogan because both she and the associate on my way out the door told me to "Be Well". Thanks :)
5	The manager Dereck caught a mistake on my sons prescription and called my doctor to confirm. Turns out what was suppose to be 1 dose the doc wrote 4 doses for my lil 3 year son. I can't praise dereck enough for his expertise and caution. I will never go anywhere else! Thank you!!!!!!!!!
5	Usually I go to Walmart for shampoo, soap, moisturizer, etc because it's cheap. The last few times though I've been so frustrated because their beauty section is always messy and never has anything in stock! In revolt I declared I shall go to Walgreens! I realized how nicely displayed their beauty section is and they are starting to carry a few new product lines. I was able to find my hair, skin, and nail products all in stock and all at decent prices. The store associates here were so friendly too, I was greeted three times which kind of catches you off guard because it's unexpected. They have a new rewards card that they've implemented. Although I think those are a necessary pain, at least this one allows you to keep track through your phone number which you input into the credit card machine. You don't have to carry yet another card! At the end of my transaction I got a coupon for $2 off one of the products I purchased to be used next time. Hey, at least it's a coupon for something I'll actually use!
5	This review is for the Take Care clinic in the Walgreens. This weekend I had a run in with a rusty nail and it won. Needless to say I wasn't sure when my last tetanus shot was but I knew it had been about ten years since my last one so I hobbled into the Take Care clinic. I was lucky enough to have no wait when I arrived. I checked in on the electronic screen, sat down in the clean tidy waiting area and  was called less than a minute later. The nice assistant showed me to large doctors room where I filled out a short form and questionnaire. The doctor Heather was SOO nice! She answered all my questions and was extremely knowledgable! She made me feel better by easing my mind almost instantly. I received my shot and was out of there in 15-20 min! Heather was awesome and I would defiantly be back to see her! Oh and if you have insurance majority of all immunization are covered! The services at Take Care clinics are also cheaper than seeing a doctor in a private practice for ur everyday sicknesses. Check them out! Heather keep up the awesome work! You were great!
5	This review is for the Take Care clinic in the Walgreens. This weekend I had a run in with a rusty nail and it won. Needless to say I wasn't sure when my last tetanus shot was but I knew it had been about ten years since my last one so I hobbled into the Take Care clinic. I was lucky enough to have no wait when I arrived. I checked in on the electronic screen, sat down in the clean tidy waiting area and  was called less than a minute later. The nice assistant showed me to large doctors room where I filled out a short form and questionnaire. The doctor Heather was SOO nice! She answered all my questions and was extremely knowledgable! She made me feel better by easing my mind almost instantly. I received my shot and was out of there in 15-20 min! Heather was awesome and I would defiantly be back to see her! Oh and if you have insurance majority of all immunization are covered! The services at Take Care clinics are also cheaper than seeing a doctor in a private practice for ur everyday sicknesses. Check them out! Heather keep up the awesome work! You were great!
4	Love that this Walgreens is open 24hours! :)The store is well lit, well organised, and staff cordial at the least. Cosmetics are mostly out of stock... Especially the ones that we need, currently. :(
5	Stopped in here today for some face lotion and eye cream, a girl needs to moisturize. As I was waiting in line the lady from the beauty counter waves me over that she can check me out at her register. She looked at my products, pulled out a shoebox and then proceeded to take out two $1 manufacture coupons for the products I was buying. HUH? It was liked they had clipped coupons for me!!! I couldn't believe it. What amazing service, I just had to update my review to share this experience. I am loving this store.
4	I am going to start calling this "Disney Walgreens". It's huge, well lit, has a mini grocery section, and is always clean. I went into the Take Care Health Care Clinic this morning-- no appointment, and had to wait for about a half an hour, which was fine, considering that I was able to sign in and then meander around the gigantic store for the majority of the time that I spent there.Barbara (Barb) was the RN who helped me with what I thought was an ear infection. She did the normal doctor thing, and then wrote me a prescription. She was very nice and funny. She was also especially interested in the swelling that I had in my throat because it wasn't any of the "usuals". She recommended that I take an antibiotic for 72 hours, and if the swelling had not gone down, to go to an Urgent Care or the ER. I really appreciated that she took the time to thoroughly check me out and that she didn't make up a fake diagnosis, and came right out and said that she wasn't exactly sure what it was. Really appreciate the honesty.Let's cross our fingers and hope it is just some obscure infection and that penicillin will get it gone.Overall, very pleasant experience. Also, took my Aetna insurance. Woo!
1	HORRIBLE! I called in my prescription 3 hours ago and they said it would be ready in 30 minutes. I called to check on the status on my way there...7 minutes later I'm still in hold and already in the door and at the pharmacy counter to find that I have to wait another 15 minutes for the not so polite tall grey haired man to fill it. I'm tired and the whole reason to call it in is so I don't have to wait!
5	Easy healthcare clinic visit. Quick. Even filled a script for me. came in with a horrendous case of poison ivy from helping my brother clear brush in Georgia. did you know poison ivy doesn't spread? me neither! anyway, a quick online appt, a quick visit (because i knew i only needed a dose of steroids), and bam! all done! cheap and quick...and didn't have to listen to my doctor try to pawn life long meds on me. and this walgreens is so freaking clean and neat.
1	Customer service is so bad I bought a prescription from one store my doctor gave me a discount card to save money they said I had to go all the way cross town to get the discount because that is were I bought it Walmart would never do that and manager was so mean did not care at all
5	This review is specifically for the Walgreen's website/photo department.As part of a Christmas gift, I needed to print 6 photos. Initially, I had planned on going to CVS because I needed to go there anyway. After experiencing their website,I quickly changed my mind. First strike: the CVS website was clunky and awkward to use. Second strike: my six photos wouldn't be ready for three to four hours. Third strike: CVS was going to charge me and extra $1.50 because my order was under $5. Say whaaaaa?I quickly opted to check out Walgreen's, and holy cow, am I glad! The website was flawless. The photos were ready in less than an hour. For six photos, it was going to cost me less than $1.50. But, I searched and found a promo code for 40% off-- and do you know what Yelp? IT WORKED! I paid a grand total of 78 cents today. It was magical.I am now trying to figure out what other photos I can print. Yay Walgreens!
5	Open 24 hours. Always has what I need.
1	Just had an asain casket treat us rudely .   Why we did nothing wrong.All we did was ask him about different shots and what was better he asked if we were intoxicated and wouldn't sell them to us
1	This has got to be the worst pharmacy of all the Walgreens stores! They are always so busy never enough staff how to handle the amount of people.
3	Wow. Last night, I offer to leave my insurance card for the tech to run later..and I would just pick up my rx in the am before work. There were at least 5 cars behind me..and I had already been waiting at the window for at least 5 minutes for someone to finally help me (I pull up to the window and the guy says..."I'll be with you in a moment". A moment doesn't equate 5+ minutes.).  I am told everything would be ready in the morning. I get here and the pharmacist is the one helping this am. I tell him my name and I am there to pick up meds. He grabs my bag..looks at the slip and sees my insurance card. My rx was never processed through my insurance last night. It took him all of 30 seconds to run it through and get the new slip. Unbelievable.All in all I like the location, I think some of the tech staff needs to get a clue. Either that or they need more techs working the late afternoon shift. Cause they were super busy...both inside and in the drive-thru.
4	Walgreens is much more expensive for what it is than I remember in Nashville ... Also the pharmacy is not always on top of things... They used to have good food in the front cooler but now it's completely different and sad looking.  No more fresh salads and fruit... Also they can't keep bolthouse juice drinks in stock, quit carrying  English muffins:(. I don't know who changed everything but you messed up a good thing!  And what's the deal with never having spray Evian in stock??!!!:( I need it!!!  Drop the "naked" juice and please get more Bolthouse and the orange Neuro sleep drink!  All this being said, I love walgreens and probably am there every other day, it is so close and convenient!!! Just fix a few things!! I miss the walgreens about 6-7 months ago!!  Also you really don't have to tell me to "be well".... Some corporate nonsense?? ;) one last thing, it takes 5 mins to check out on your card reader... Can't you just do a simple version?? And have a no receipt policy! I hate receipts.  Waste of paper!
4	This is a really nice Walgreen's. What makes it better than any other Walgreen's? Its the staff. I knew what I was looking for, so didn't need any help. But, I still couldn't find it. One of the Walgreen's employees came up and asked me if I need help and I said, "I don't think you carry what I'm looking for," as I was getting ready to leave. However, the employee said, "Well, maybe we DO carry it. Maybe I can help you." Sure enough, they led me right to it. I really felt like they went the extra mile. Great, convenient location, too.
