4	I almost pooped my pants this was such a good time.   Everything you could expect from a bank, nice people taking your money and holding onto it for you.  The ATM is in a good location with a nice interface, drive thru people are nice.  This Wells Fargo is in a pretty convient location right off I-10.  Quick easy transactions, and if you go thru the drive thru with a kid they will give you a sucker.   Would be 5star if they just gave me free money.
1	I have used this location in the past for convenience, not anymore.  I pulled into the drive through and waited while the teller greeted people who arrived after me.   I waited over ten minutes and at this point I push the talk button and ask her what's up.  She says oh you must have had your window rolled up when I greeted you, I did not.  Then I ask her if I need to come in to do a credit card transfer no response.  Again I wait, when she comes back on the speaker she says is that all I can get you?  I say all you can get me you did not even ask me what I needed.  At this point I'm told I need to come in to make the transfer.  It has been 20 plus minutes at this time and I go in the bank.  There are at least 15-20 people waiting who came after me so I ask for a manager.  The manager tells me to get in line and I say but I've already waited almost a half hour due to teller error.  He wants to argue with me, of course the "manager" has no name tag.  I tell him I will close my FIVE accounts with them and he says OK.  I call the girl who opened three of my five accounts to close them, leave her a message, and she never calls me back.  I guess this is why their credit rating took a huge hit, their EXCELLENT customer service.
5	I come to this bank almost everyday to make the deposit for my work. The staff here is extremely pleasant! They are attentive and very kind. Even though I'm not currently a Wells Fargo customer, I plan to be. These people really know how to treat their customers.
5	I went to the bank to create a notarized document to fax to another bank regarding the disbursement of funds.   After waiting about 2 minutes I was helped by Edward G., a personal banker who greeted me with a smile and proceeded to help me create the document, notarized it and faxed it over to the other bank within about 10 minutes.  Edward was awesome!  It was the best customer service experience I've had in long time.Hopefully Wells Fargo monitors Yelp and gives Edward an attaboy or two so he hangs around awhile.  He is definitely an asset  to the business.
