4	Sometimes you just wanna go where everybody knows your name.  This is a fave for my roomie and I when we want to go to a central hang out with friendly and fun bartenders who actually take the time to introduce themselves and get to know you.  Not to mention the likelihood of running into a hottie or two during a weeknight happy hour or a good crowd of locals prime time Saturday.  The eats are high-end for bar food - the basics with a bit of a gourmet twist.  It's not just a burger, it's a Kobe burger.  Or there's the ahi tuna sandwich or artichoke and goat cheese pizza.  Of course there's the gaming at the bar but plenty of non-gaming seats too.  The only downfall is that you can only get a good view of the majority of the bar at a few select seats of which I won't be disclosing but will let you figure out.  The beautifully designed mahogany structure happens to be right in the middle of the rectangular bar but nevertheless there is still a social atmosphere.  The plasma TVs are plentiful, dining area can seat medium-sized parties, a side area has pool tables, and there's a cozy room in the back to chill in or reserve for your group.  A large fancy banquet area is upstairs and perfect for a variety of events.  The background music is nostalgic and after a few seasonal beers (bring back the Skinny Dip!), Journey's Don't Stop Believin' becomes my anthem.  We're pretty sure we saw Junior from the Sopranos there one night too.
2	Ok, this location of Sierra gold did not compare at all to the Henderson location. While they look almost identical from the inside, this locations service was horrible. Especially at the bar. The bartenders seem to spend all of their time on the other side of the bar, which is separated by a large centerpiece that they can't see through. We even had to wait about 20 minutes just to get our bill, 20 minutes after we asked for it.  I think I took an unintentional nano nap. After sitting at the bar we moved into the restaurant portion. The server here was a little more on top of things, even though she came across like she was very new. I didnt get anything to eat except for crispy fried mozzerella, which was nothing to right home about. It tasted like the frozen TGIF brand mozzeralla you can get at any grocery store. In fact it looked like it too. May have actually been. :) I didnt get the Flamin' Hot Cheeto onion rings this time, but wish I had, since they were the highlight of my last visit to the Henderson branch.
5	Never been here? Well...just imagine a PT's Pub that Ty Pennington just threw up on! Oh yeah...it's a PT's Pub with an Extreme Makeover Home Style Edition written all over it. I ventured over to this bar with a group of friends to watch a little Sunday Night Football and AL Playoff action. I was quite surprised when I entered. A very classy watering hole for locals who are looking to chill and having a good time amongst friends. Decor was great.....very modern and inviting. My group and I sat down and were immediately greeted by a friendly waitress whose service was impeccable throughout the entire night. Always in the nick of time when our glasses were empty,  she was right there to take our order. The food....I must say... was some of the greatest bar food I have had in a long time. The wings, nachos and fried ravioli were delectable!!  Sierra Gold will definitely see my face more often now that I have experienced it!!
4	Sierra Gold is a nice bar to chill at.  Plenty of people if you don't like the dead atmosphere.  The food's pretty good.  It's good to know the bartender too.  There's pool tables there to play on which is about it.  It's spaced out pretty nicely too, and people can enjoy watching the games on the flat screen televisions.
4	Can't say enough good about the flagship version of Pt's. It's easily my favorite local bar. With there being one Sierra Gold in Henderson I've only been here a few times and have enjoyed myself each time. A+ establishment
3	Probably the best lunch I've had on this business trip so far...I ordered the pear and goat cheese salad, served with baby spinach and candied walnuts.  Everything was delicious about this salad with the exception of the pears.  I was expecting fresh pears, but instead got these sugary brownish mushy blobs which had no pear flavor whatsoever.  Must be canned...Note to self...Just push mushy blobs to the side and enjoy your lunch.
5	My FAVORITE breakfast/lunch spot in VEGAS, their menu is HUGE, its so hard to make a decision, My favorite dish is definitely the Chicken fried steak its just amazing, and hits the spots those days after drinking in vegas and waking up around noon.  I found this place from one of my buddies whose a local, and everytime im in vegas i go here for lunch or breakfast there are no lines like the dinners or restaurants at the strip, and its good to get away from the strip for a bit.
5	Stopped here twice in one week to eat after the UNLV/San Diego State football game, then going there for Monday night football. I love this place, a wide range of high quality food, friendly wait staff and some goo specials going on during the games. There is one section I particularly like for watching games, is in the northeast corner ,there is 2 flat panels on one wall and 2 on another and 2 large booth/bar chairs to fit 6-8 people comfortably.We have already made plans to watch our teams bowl games and am positive it will  be a great time!!!
5	Flamin' Hot Cheeto Onion Rings... as their menu says, "just order them."This place is a regular stop for me when heading out to Vegas.  Great staff, great happy hour specials, TV's all within sight, and no attitude. Just an overall cool place to have a brew and a bite to eat.
5	Well, been a few years since I yelped and I still find myself hangin at Sierra Gold. Liked it so much that I recently recommended it for the Michigan State alumni bar when we needed to find a new home to root for our Spartan teams. We're a rowdy, fun bunch, especially when we have a cowbell to rock it to our "Go State" cheer.  But I'm sure the Gold can handle us.  Now I haven't just been sitting here for 3 years, took a little hiatus from the bar scene here and there, but nice to come back to a place where Charlie still knows my name :).
4	Sierra gold has been my new local bar as of recently. Located off of S. Jones and the 215, this is a HUGE establishment from the outside view. The interior is quite large and seats well up to 300 people or more. The bar is the centerpiece of the restaurant, which can also seat about 50 patrons. There is 2 full sized pool tables, separate restaurant seating and an upstairs private event floor with a full bar. Sierra gold is a part of the gold group (pts pub, pts gold) so the food selections are very similar. In that regard, this is more of an upscale PT's, the food is a lot better. I haven't tried much of their food aside from happy hour offerings of pizzas and appetizers, but those are above average, good for the happy hour price. Draft selection of beer is big as well with about 25 different beers on draft, along with many more bottled. Cocktails are good, bartenders are knowledgeable and will gladly make any drink for you. Atmosphere is great, this place is often packed most nights and it's hard to grab a bar seat so arrive fairly early.
5	Bar food is one of my favorite food genres and Sierra Gold has some of the best bar food ever!  We had great service and the prices were ok as well.  Those curly fries are to die for - I'm still craving them!  They have an awesome selection of sandwiches and paninis.  I had the chicken parm. panini and it was tasty!  Oh, and you can't go wrong with a place that serves BUCKETS of fries that are drenched in CHEESE WHIZ!
5	This place is minutes from my house, and is one of my favorite non-casino establishments in Las Vegas (yes they have Video Poker but who doesn't).Sierra Gold is a member of the Golden Gaming Family (which also includes PT's) so they do arguably one of the best happy hours in town twice a day. From 3p-7p and 12a-4a they have half priced Pizzas and Drinks...not just drafts or wells, all drinks in the house are half price.I really like the vibe here, it has a laid back lodge/bar feel, and a top notch menu. I almost always end up with The Hunter's Pizza,  which never disappoints.There are really only 2 complaints I have about  Sierra Gold1 on the weekends it can get a little crowded, but it's usually not too bad#2 it's not across the street from my house
5	This is the first establishment I have ever yelped solely on the basis of leftovers out of a friend's fridge. Yes, seriously. AH-MAZE-ING. Super yummy. The thinest most delicious crust, an amazingly wonderful non-tomato based sauce with black pepper perfectly distributed over the delicious goat cheese and sun dried tomatos. Mmmmmmmm.  Oh yes, and half-off between 12 am and 4 am. I may actually have to go =)
1	I've never done this before and usually brush off any bad experiences I have. This location was beautifully set up, and had an awesome happy hour and maybe it had something to do with it being busy ? I have to say I was pretty embaressed I invited some people here to have drinks and dinner I had probably the worst all around service I've ever had. They were either under staffed or the waitress we had was miserable but mmm we had three different waitresses and they were all the same miserable! Sorry to you loyal customers but I will never go back:(
4	Sierra Gold is like that girl you're great friends with in high school but that you dont realize you actually loved until you've both gone on to college.  When i first moved to Vegas, I went to Sierra Gold all the time.  It was a great spot to watch a game, grab a bite and have a beer.  It was, simply put, another sports bar.But then a new place came into my life.  It was an intense affair, but it wasnt built on love...just really cheap drinks.  My heart yearned for something, a missing element.  I realized Sierra Gold is what it desired and I have gone back to claim my love.  In my haste for the "Hot, new chick" on campus, I neglected to see that the staff at Sierra Gold was always friendly, the food always reliable and the beer always plentiful and cold. Highlights of our relationship include the Footlong Philly Cheese-steak Hot Dog, the Jumbo Pretzel, the Chicken Tenders and a really good breakfast menu (for a bar).  Im glad she took me back because there is no other place I want to be.   Now you might be asking why I gave a 4 stars to my love...well its just a sports bar after all.  Ive got to save the 5's for those places I dont get to go all the time...much like a Victoria's Secret model compared to your wife.
4	Happy hour and reverse happy hour. My two favorite times of the day! Luckily Sierra Gold is there for me when I need it.The pizzas are always a good choice. They're not fantastic, but they're cheap, which sells it for me.  I'm addicted to the Pretzel Bites and Pulled Pork Potato Skins.It's my happy hour of choice when I'm trying to be frugal, but still feel like socializing.
5	I love it here. My god, I think I inhaled my food. It's a great place to come to eat after you've been drinking or perhaps, WHILE you are drinking. My only wish is that they had more food options on the happy hour menu. That would make this place over the top. The service was great! I should have caught her name but our waitress was very attentive to our needs and had a great smile on her face despite it being late at night.Our order: 2 yummy blue moons, loaded tator tots, chicken and mushroom pizza, and garlic Parmesan wings. What a freakin' meal! It was the perfect bar meal ever! Wait, I should mention that I didn't really enjoy the chicken/mushroom pizza but well, the other 2 made up for it. The tator tots were so crunchy even after being attacked by the sour cream. The bacon. The cheese. The green onions. OHHHHH MY GOODDD. I loved it. Can you not tell?And those wings. Man, I love wingstop.. but geez, these ones have topped them. They were crunchy and had a light garlic taste. Dip that in ranch and bam! Explosion of flavor!I was seriously full but I NEEDED to finish the food. I washed it all down with a large pint of blue moon and called it a night.Sierra gold's tator tots should be worth it's weight in GOLD!
4	Sierra Gold is a dressed up PT's and what's not to love? During Happy Hour (3-7 PM) pizzas and drinks are half off. The pizzas are actually fabulous (thin crust) and the big mugs of cold icy beer are dirt cheap. The atmosphere here is actually pretty nice, but I have to admit as a lady the overly sleezy waitress outfits and obnoxious art is a turnoff . I see so much sleeze here in town, it would be nice to have just an ounce of class in a local's bar! This particular SG location is one of my favorites because it is so freaking well located. It's not all that far from anywhere - Spring Valley, Summerlin, SW, Henderson, etc . It's kind of a default meet up spot when we have groups coming from all over the valley. Easy on/off freeway access from everywhere!
4	One of the best sports bars.  We got the back area (3 tvs and plenty of couches and chairs) reserved for $20!  The food was great as well; greasy but great.
4	This location ROCKS!!  The service is excellent and the food is made fresh.  This is not your typical bar food!  So tasty and the portions are ample!  Even the side salad is WAY better than other bars that I've been to!  And then there's the BAR!  Clean, rich woods, high ceilings and a relaxed atmosphere.  Overall, I will be back over and over again.  Maybe I'll become the Duke!
3	I have had to downgrade this to a 3 star review because of the terrible service at this location. The service is always SLOW, yet I always seem to come back for more, lol. I just can't resist the bar food and cheap drinks.
2	Before the review, I have to admit that I have an automatic dislike for establishments such as this. I don't go to sports bars, don't watch ESPN or Fox News and don't fancy having to choose from a menu that promises cardiovascular disease.  Lunch for me involves conversation, delicate food and pleasant service. None of this was achieved today at lunch at Sierra Gold. Suffice to say I didn't have a say in the lunch choice. I ordered the Pear & Arugula Salad ($10). The pears were very strange. They seemed to have been soaked in a marinade for a very long time and were soggy and tasted quite offensive. The portion of salad was enormous with a generous heaping of fresh arugula as well as candied pecans. The dressing was very average and the star of this dish was the 3 fried onion strings that they threw on the top. Yes three. I count this as one of the top five worst meals of my life. The service here was very lukewarm. No one on the waitstaff really wanted to be there. Our orders were taken right and the drinks were filled.I've been here before and had the Garden Vegetable Pizza which was just slightly better than this salad. Since I'm already looking towards the future in trepidation of my next trip to this joint, I'm going to have to give this place 2 stars. 1 star for the convenient location off 215 and 1star for forcing me to diet today with the abysmal meal I had.  Man, am I glad I didn't have to pay for this meal.
4	After a night of chillin' like a villain, my tummy was ready for some steak fillin'.  Hmm where to go for a steak and egg that's under $7?  I only knew Tuscany as one serving a good plate but luckily I was with a friend who brought me here instead.This place is like an upgraded cleaner version of PT's.  Cheap food and drinks after 12pm and conveniently right off the 215.  Man their cookies and ice cream on top is off the shizzle my nizzle and steak and eggs weren't bad either.  Heard good things about their pizzas too but I could only eat so much in one night.  This is definitely my new grub spot after a long night at Town Square.And it looks like a good place to watch sports too in the daytime. Plenty of flatscreens around the bar area.
3	I stopped for breakfast this morning on the way to the Run For the Wish 5K.  I had to buzz to get in because it was only 7:30 or so when I got here.  The front door was unlocked, and in I went to a very dark place.I was given a menu and time to look it over.  When I asked about one of the breakfasts, he said to me that all of their dishes are large portions.  I ordered the Miner's Breakfast, a combination of many sliced potatoes along with scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, ham, onions, and peppers all topped with melted cheddar and pepper jack cheese.  It was very tasty, and it was too much.  Things here seem to be made for two people. I was served coffe in the beginning, but I never was asked about a refill.  Service was a bit slow, but since there were only three of us there, it should have been better.  I took away one star for the service and the no refill on the coffee.I did enjoy breakfast and I'll continue my tradition of having breakfast at a different place before each of the events like this that I do.
3	I recently turned 21 and a couple of friends brought me here for my first bar/happy hour experience. Wooo!My initial impressions is that its in a nice neighborhood, doesn't feel run down, and the atmosphere was pretty relaxed. Sierra Gold was probably half full, people were having a good time, and some were making out at the bar.. alright! The happy hour special is after 12, requires a beer bytes card, and is consisted of half off pizzas and all drinks. Had a large Blue Moon which was in a big mug (maybe 2 bottles?) but had a tiny orange slice. Aw come on now.. the orange is not a decoration it has a real purpose. One of my friends ordered his pizza first while me and my other friend decided to think a bit more, it was another 15 minutes before we saw the waitress again, kind of slow.. but understandable I suppose since she was the only waitress taking care of 6 or 7 parties.So the pizzas were decent, but I'm not expecting something crazy from a bar. It was a thin crust but had many specialty choices like the fajita pizza. I noticed a bit of inconsistency between my fajita pizza and my friend's hunter pizza, his toppings covering almost the pizza to the edge and mine was 2 inches short from the edge. Oh well not a big deal.Its hard not to want to come back though with the decent food and cheap drinks. Hours and hours can pass away with some friends and a buzz.. which is why I'll be back :)
4	Sierra Gold invites you into a very comfortable atmosphere with good quality food & satisfying craves to enjoy whether one might be there for televised sports, video poker, or simple just sitting down at the bar or amusing seating area.First thing to keep note: HAPPY HOUR everyday from 3pm-7pm & 12am-4am (50% off all drinks & pizza)As for the food:_Thin crust pizza (not a fan, but just got sold with the quality & outcome of the pizza that's served here)_Bucket of wings (so many favors, garlic parmesan is a favorite)_Bucket of curly fries (gotta love'em)_ZOOKIE (too good to be true! The warm white chocolate macadamia nut cookie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, whip cream, & dizzled with chocolate/caramel just hits the spot to that sweet tooth crave)Service could have been better, but what do you expect at midnigt: top noch service? (minus 1 star)I have yet to try more & what's best: this local spot is open 24hours!!!
3	My husband and I met his client at Sierra Gold for a late mid week dinner. There were quite a few guests at both the bar and in the dining room. We sat down and had our drinks fairly quickly. After his client arrived, our waitress came back to our table promptly. We ordered my all time favorite: the Flamin' Hot Cheetos Onion Rings. OMG, yummy. I would recommend giving these a try. We had to get a second order because for 3 hungry men, and me, one order was just not enough. :) For dinner I had the BBQ Chicken Salad. First off, let me say that typically I don't order salads at a place that serves "pub style food." A burger or pizza would probably have been more appropriate. However, I'm on a mission to stay away from junk, and considering my guilt from the Onion Rings I tried to keep it "healthy" with a salad, dressing on the side. Not a great choice, but oh well, lesson learned and it wasn't horrible, just not good. Caramelized onions were in a giant heap, lettuce wasn't plentiful and overall the dressing lacked flavor. My table-mates all ordered burgers and sandwiches and they were all satisfied with their meal. I'm sure we will return for more glasses of ice cold beer and this time....pizzas and burgers :)
4	A fantastic happy hour! 50% off all drinks and pizzas! They have the best BBQ chicken pizza mmmmm yummy, the barbeque sauce and tender chicken exploded in my warm mouth causing a nice sensation with intense flavor! AWWWW mmmmm Ohhhhh yesssssss! The service is top notch. I had my birthday party here, for $20 bucks I reserved a private lounge with 42 inch plasma screen tvs and a fireplace and wine cellar chest with comfy sofas and chairs. Service was out of this world, the pizzas were fantastic! Our server treated us like royalty! I wish I knew her name :( Check out my pics!
2	The food is great, especially the pizza and wings. In fact, I haven't had a pizza there that I didn't like, and the wings have a lot of different flavor options. But the service is so aggravatingly slow! If you sit at a table, even on a slow night it takes a while before someone will ask you for your order. I will probably go back at some point, since it is so close to home, but it wouldn't be my first choice. Go here if you plan on sitting for while, eating and drinking slowly; skip it if you are looking for a quick beer and a meal after work.
4	Great bar and pretty good grub for bar food. It gets packed! I walked in on a Tuesday night around 1am and couldn't find a seat! You've been warned.
3	The day staff has always been friendly and accommodating.  However, when I went with some co-workers on a Friday night for reverse happy hour, I had the exact opposite experience.  The staff seemed as if they wanted us to leave, and that they did not want to be bothered.  No one in the group was being demanding,  we were just trying to buy drinks every now and again.  Giving them the benefit of the doubt, they could have just been having a bad night.  I'll still give them another shot.
3	Worth it only for happy hour prices. For 6 people it was only $60 and everyone got drinks and ate until we were stuffed. I really enjoyed the ground beef nachos and gilroy pizza. The pizzas are really thin and flavorful. Nice atmosphere and chill environment.
3	My first visit to Sierra Gold saw a loss of $40 for me and $20 for my friend in the poker machines before anyone ever stopped by to say hello or take our order - and it wasn't even busy. After that, I was certain it would take angelic intervention to get me back.While I did see some angels on my second visit, none of them were flying. It was Friday happy hour and the place was hoppin', although due in large part to a college reunion group who were having a great time and passing that happiness on to the rest of the bar.I ordered their half-price HH special sausage and pepperoni pizza. The angel behind the bar asked if I wanted basil on top - what a refreshing suggestion. The pizza crust was good and crispy, but very bland. The sauce and topping were good, but would have been great if there was just a little more sauce. Much to my chagrin, HH special half price pizza is actually $10, plus $1 for every topping (yep, they charged me a buck for the basil). Total damage was $15, before tip. For a crispy thin-crust pizza, that's not a special, it's a rip-off. At this point our foursome was having a great time with the angels who tended bar and some others who were making their way through the crowd.  The place was about to get, let's say, maybe a 4 star rating  - despite some miserable happy hours prices.Then disaster struck - happy hour ended and the angels behind the bar were replaced by pissy young men with little sense of humor and even less personality.  The place took a dramatic change of moods in just a matter of moments and all-of-a-sudden we couldn't wait to get out. I leave the review with a shaky 3 star rating and some very strong suggestions to management - reconsider your HH prices and get rid of those depressing boys. Seriously, they were all in such a pissy mood, you could literally see the happiness evaporating from the faces of patrons all around the bar.
3	Standard quality food, although slightly inflated over the PTs prices.  Not sure if that's because of the brass trim decor or because the servers wear leather vests instead of tank tops.Anyway, lunch was exactly what I expected.
4	Sierra Gold is one of the best neighborhood bars.  They give me the VIP treatment every time we visit; a couple of the girls even remember my name.  Their food selection is fantastic.  When Steve, I think he's the bar manager, is there things do tend to run much more smoothly.  If you are a player, they really do take great care of you.Love the calamari & thin crust pizzas.  They offer the pizza @ 50% off for happy hour from 5-7.  Generous portion of nachos that is difficult to finish.  Good bloody marys - they have their own mix.  You would be surprised at how difficult it is to find good bloody marys around here.I always have much more fun at SG than I expected.  Good food, good service, & I frequently get lucky @ video poker here.
1	How do you go from the crossroads of Vegas, to the arm pit of the company. There was a time when no matter when you went in there you would run into someone you know. Now it's, walk in the door, look around and say lets go somewhere else.  Ate a burger last night. Thanks for the diarrhea.
4	Was in town on vacation and my Sun devils were playing that night. So I saw that the Alumni group has it's game watching parties there, so we headed over. It is a good drive from the strip, but once you get out there, it looked like a stucco oasis in a strip mall. (Cue the blowing tumbleweed)Then I walked in... WOW! Nice place. The party was in one of the VIP rooms with couches and comfy sofas with big ass TVs! As soon as I walked in, I was greeted by a friendly waitress and she got my drivers license and automatically got me a players card and a drink. Works for me!It is true - for happy hour, they have 50% off their thin crust pizzas! And they are really good. Had the nachos and some wings too! Really good food! The service was good, the place was clean, and it had a really good crowd. The only thing that sucked was the devils lost and having to drive back to the strip! LOL!
5	The girly drink I had was sooooo good! I would pick Sierra Gold over Blue Martini any day! Half off pizzas and drinks for $3? Im game!
5	I love it here.  This is our local spot.  It's down the street and ready for us every time we walk through the wide double doors!  It's warm and inviting and there are lots of seats to fill.  Walk and in and take your pick.  There are TV's in every corner you look so sitting anywhere is perfect. There are a lot of regulars here..  and the wait staff is super nice and accommodating.  They are quick to come and take care of you when you need and always poppin' up behind you to refill your drinks!  Beer selections are awesome... they even have my fave: Linenkeugal!  LOVE.Regular or LARGE.  Yes... there are options.  The menu is pretty much all bar food.  But not all bars offer good food.  SIERRA GOLD DOES!  Gilroy Garlic is THE BEST.  They have lots of other goodies.. like the ahi tuna salad, the wings.... etc etc.  but... the Gilroy Garlic always does it for us.  Looking for a cool local hangout.. this is a good spot to try!PS: They have a little room called the VIP room I think... that you can reserve for 20.00 and host a little get together for friends during games and just for fun!I recently reserved it for my husbands 35th birthday during the niner saints game...We were able to just lounge and chill on the couches watch the game on 3 tv's.  It was a good comfortable time.  they also have 2 pool tables! - i think you have to reserve them though!
4	Like Pt's but better. More variety of food and slightly more upscale
5	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (12 of 365).I love Sierra Gold!  This place is always poppin' and at any time of day.  They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner here 24-7 and they have 2 happy hours.  The bartenders and waiters are always inviting when you come in the door, and the atmosphere is super chill.  It's a nice weekly hangout and good for Monday night football, Sunday football, and pretty much for any game as they have a number of TVs available to watch any game playing on any given day.Their menu is fairly extensive but I enjoy a few things that are at the top of my must eat on a monthly basis list:# 1 - Gilroy Pizza.  Best thin crust pizza on their menu.  All pizzas are half off during their happy hour!# 2 - Wings. with any sauce on the side.  They have a number of sauces to choose from!# 3 - Tuna Panini Sandwich - it's a hit or miss, but if they make it right; it's so good because of the extra cucumber crisp they add in the sandwich.# 4 - Peanut Butter Cookie Pazookie! Yum!  Best dessert to indulge in when you're having a bad day.You can gamble on their video poker bartops, sports bet, and they even have a secret rewards program for women who gamble in the bar.  Awesome!Their private dining area with the big screen TV only costs $20 to rent plus of course you have to purchase food and drink, but there is no minimum tab which is awesome.This is definitely my neighborhood bar; forever!
3	I stopped in here for a last minute business meeting on Friday morning around 11:15. When I arrived the place was empty but it must be a pretty popular spot for lunch. By the time my clam chowder arrived at the table this place was starting to fill up. The service was better when we first arrived due to the fact that we had the waiters undivided attention. We weren't exactly neglected after the lunch crowd filed in but it took a little longer to get my water glass refilled. I guess that's to be expected. My chowder came out the perfect temperature in a large bowl accompanied by a package of oyster crackers and a bottle of tabasco. All set! Great temp, good presentation, mediocre soup. Ehh, I've had better clam chowder on the salad bar at a buffet. There were lots of large chunks of red skinned potatoes and not much else. It was a hearty serving of chowder but it was mostly filler and only a few small clams. I'm pretty sure I paid $6.99 for a bowl of potato soup masquerading as clam chowder. Meal aside, this place gets a 3 star A-OK from me because of the wonderful smoke-free atmosphere. That goes a long way when I pass judgment on a place. Clean air and enforced no smoking is worth a star or two any day.
4	I haven't been to Sierra Gold in quite a while until today where I had a lunch meeting in an upstairs private room.  I must say I was impressed.  I forgot how good this place is relative to other bars.  The service was really good for having a large party.  I had the cheesesteak which is a signature dish and it was the best cheesesteak i've had in Vegas!  It even has good old fashioned cheese wiz!  The fries where great---a little salty!  Net Net this place for the money is great!
5	This is by far the best happy hour in all of town. It was 7 days a week and twice a day. Every drink at the bar is half off then
2	I've been here a few times and the service has been hit or miss. Some nights you get the right attention and others not so much. So far I haven't been impressed enough to go out of my way to come here instead of a PT's closer to my house.
5	My family and I had a huge surprise birthday party planned for my uncle at a local park.  As the day came closer, we realized that the weather was probably going to be terrible; therefore, we were trying to scramble for a new location to host a party with 50+ guests with 2 days notice.  I had been to Sierra Gold a couple times in the past and had seen their upstairs room.  I thought I'd give the restaurant a call to see what they had available.  After talking to the manager, Tami, I found out that we could have the room for the exact time we were looking for!  Not only that, but Tami felt so bad for us because we had already purchased all our food, so she gave us a rockin' discount!  It's nice to know that there are still business people out there who care about people and not just the $$.  I will definitely start making Sierra Gold one of my regular spots simply because Tami was so great.  Oh yeah, and our waitress, Shurine, was by far super helpful!  Even though she was the only one attending us, she was on top of everything!
3	Went there due to all the good reviews.  It's pretty much like numerous other taverns in Vegas.  A bit nicer maybe, but still pretty standard.  The cleavage-showing leather vests the female servers and bartenders wear are nice, but this is Vegas. I can see cleavage anywhere.  Heck, the receptionist at my dentist's office shows more boob.  Food was OK, but standard tavern food.  My server was slow to wait on me. He was too busy flirting with one of the cleavage girls to get to me in a timely manner.  Overall OK, but since it's not very close to my house I doubt that I'll be back.  I'll stick to Rounders.
2	This place use to be really good. Good food and good staff. Paid $10 for 4 chicken breast sliders that were not even real chicken, more like formed chicken with rib meat and chunks of fat. Slow service. Messy bar. Only comped one pint of beer after gambling $1 hands at blackjack over 2 hours. Definitely not what I remember coming too when I still lived on that side of town a year ago.
4	Visited Sierra Gold during happy hour for the first time.  1/2 priced beer = a large beer  for $4 (I had a Guinness that was probably 24 oz).  The pizzas are also half price = about $8 for a huge 2 or 3 person thin crust.  They had additional Saturday specials and the one I had was the "Knife and Fork" sandwich -a Philly cheese steak on toast with a sunny-side up egg on top and then fries on top of that.  Awesome for $5.  The space is cool with very high ceilings and lots of interesting seating areas.  The servers were friendly and attentive except for a little while when they were slammed with lots of customers arriving at once.
3	So when a co-worker said that we should come here, I had first thought that we were visiting an adult star for lunch.  I mean, what sort of weird name is that?However when we pulled up, it was a pub.  Yeap.  Greasy pub food. Yum.Two things that bothered me though.  The first was that it seemed like the music was turned up pretty loud.  Understandably, it is a pub, but at one point, someone decided to jack with the sound system and turn it up even more annoyingly loud.  To the point where you had to yell to hear anyone speaking.That was alleviated finally after someone fixed it, but it was interesting that someone wanted to mess with the sound volume in the first place when most of the people in there were your normal business lunch crowd.The other was the fact that the waitress didn't even bother to check if my credit card was even in the payment jacket thingiemajiggy.  I literally was looking all around and was about to have a melt down until one of my co-workers spotted my lonely card on the floor.I mean, I know I'm good lookin' but really now... I didn't think that waitress wanted me for my card that bad.... or... so I had thought.In any case, the ordered french dip that came with au jus, and horseradish sauce (you know, horseradish + sour cream) was delish.  Everything seemed okay except the issues above.  Now whether or not future visits will have the same results remains to be seen.But watch out, Sierra Gold waitresses.  Sorry, I'm taken.
4	This is like the other Sierra Golds.  The happy hour is probably your best option.  The pizzas are half off for happy hour and all drinks are 50% off.  Of course they just raise the regular prices but atleast it is reasonably priced with the discount... you have to have a beer and bites card to get the discount.  That card does make your visit seem corporate and impersonable.  I guess Vegas has changed... "sigh..."The pizzas are suprisingly good.  Not in the traditional pizza way - because the crust is more like a cracker than real pizza dough.  even though it is not tradional pizza it still tastes pretty good.  This particular location seems busier than other Sierra Golds.  It had a pretty good crowd there - lively but not too lively.
4	I've been coming here for lunch A LOT lately, ha ha.  I've had three different servers and the service has always been good, I don't think my drink has ever gone empty.  Of course my favorite server is Christy as she usually brings us some nice, warm, free cookies for dessert.  Christy's cookies are the best, no euphemisms here!Most of the food has been pretty good, my faves so far are the Ahi Tuna Salad and the Ahi Tuna Sandwich.  Mmmm, I wish I was eating some now instead of this cold pizza hut, yuck!I enjoyed all of the wraps except for the fajita wrap, ugh, hard to explain but it sort of had a slimy texture.  Just not too good.Most items come with fries or you can upgrade for a 50 cent charge to curly fries, onion rings  or several other items.Today I had the french dip.  Pretty standard operating procedure here except for the Flamin Hot Cheetos battered onion rings that accompany the sandwich.  Sounds awesome right?  Using something that's been fried as batter so that you can fry it again.  I have to hand it to them, it's a great concept.  The execution, however, isn't quite there.  These should be orgasmic and they just sort of taste like onion rings.  Don't get me wrong, I like getting my O Ring face on but I thought these would be better.
3	Service definitely leaves something to be desired here. The bartenders are nice enough, it's not attitudes that are the problem - it's the waiting! Having to ask for the check after we've been done eating almost 45 minutes is annoying. Having to wait an additional 20 minutes to find someone to take my credit card is even more annoying. I've been here a couple times on busy Football nights and each time the bar was completely full, but there were people sitting at machines not playing, and I was looking to lose money. That's a pet peeve of mine. If one person is sitting down and four people are hovering around them and you're just sitting at a machine but not playing/not planning to, have some decency to move over. The food is pretty good, not as greasy as most bar foods, but typical PT's/Sierra Gold fare. This place is pretty big. One night we walked in and found a group playing Yahtzee in the corner at a table - those people were awesome.One note, and maybe this shouldn't surprise me but it's never been a problem before - apparently it's not OK to smoke clove cigarettes at this bar. While I was losing money at a machine, my friend was smoking and there was no problem. We move down after we're done playing and all of the sudden the bartender tells us she has to take her cigarettes outside because they "bother people." Umm... ok?
4	Great 24 hour spot and nice for games. Clean and comfortable with good service.
4	Nestled close to a major freeway and major roadway.. perfect for intoxicated people to drive home on. Seriously this place is always busy.. sometimes tooooooo busy, it seems to be a local hangout of for "trendy" crowds. The food is decent and who doesnt love beer? The location is well planned and the enterior is nice. I would come here more often if there wasnt 100 bars closer to my pad.
4	Been a fan of Sierra Gold for a while and this location is another good reason to stay that way.  I haven't had a bad experience at any of the locations and this location is another great location.Service was great and although the place was pretty crowded, it wasn't smokey or too loud.
2	So NOT impressed. I used to love this bar, but it has gone so far downhill in service, they should be embarrassed. Maybe I just don't have the right anatomical parts, because the female bartender only paid attention to the men at the bar who were gambling. She ignored us to where we still had NO plates nor utensils for when our food finally came....and there were Maybe 15 people at the bar.  We even had to wave down a server as she was going by and she was nice enough to bring us set ups and plates. Food may be good, but they are now off my fave list. I hate poor customer service almost more than anything!
4	I usually go here during happy hour. 5-7pm & 12am-2am half price pizzas and drinks. Food & service here for the most part has been decent on my visits here. Their happy hour used to be 3hrs twice a day but they cut it down from 5-8pm & 12-3am back in September. Sometimes it does take a bit to catch someone's attention. Surprisingly decent food for a bar.  Their Gilroy pizza is the bomb! Thin crust white garlic sauce pizza with salami, pepperoni, artichokes, onions, tomatoes & mushrooms. During happy hour large 16" pizzas are half priced at $10. I would eat here on ocassion after work if it coincided with happy hour.
4	Sierra Gold gets a big fat 4 out 5 for their happy hour, the atmosphere, the decor, and the service.I think the whole Nevada tavern concept is a true testament to Las Vegas locals and the home-y neighborhood that is this city.Sierra Gold is right down the street from my house so I frequent this location quite a bit. I've had 2 different company parties here, and several department-wide happy hours as well.FOR LARGE PARTIES, this place is quite accommodating. The large "living room" was perfect for space for events with 10-20 people. We reserved the space for a department Holiday party in under 3 weeks notice for a $20 fee. The space was perfect for the par-tay peeps under 30 years old and had just enough elegance to make our VP comfortable with his cufflinks and cognac.SG's menu is quite extensive. Plus their monthly specials are always worth a try. 50% off pizza and drinks for happy hour 7 days a week is probably worth all 5 stars.... On days when I need to eat my feelings, I have to order a buffalo chicken pizza (aka Chicken ranch) and..... the GILROY!!! I am sad they eliminated their size variety and only offer what most would consider a large - but the gilroy tastes just as good as leftovers (not the Buffalo one though - not good reheated).More times than not, SG & their sister PT's have half off breakfast specials,,,, This used to be a big win for my husband and myself because we were\are huge fans of their breakfast pizza...but they reformulated the menu about a year or so back and it's just not as great - it's good still but not as great. Darn. R.I.P old SG breakfast pizza.I have a friend that gripes about the bartenders and their "uniforms" or as she calls it "boobtenders".... lol.. but I mean, really?! it doesn't bother me - to be honest - I've lived in this town for 10+ years... I see more cleavage at Smith's.
5	Awesome Service...why go anywhere else since they have the Happy Hour at 12a-2am its awesome dued to me working the night shift..always feel welcomed..lol
4	I went here last night with some friends for the first time.  The bartenders are great from the swing to graveyard.  The crowd is a mix.  Some people go there for the food, some for the sports, but I went for the drinks.  They have a nice selection.  Pizza was great.  They even have a nice lounge area in the back with a huge flat screen.  Only reason I have four stars is because they didn't have a pool table.
4	Brought clients in for lunch which is near their office. I've dined  here in the past but it been years since last time I was visited. Sierra Gold is a upscale tavern with even a part of the PT's group which I wasn't aware of.  Parking is easy to locate since the parking lot is large.There were five in our party and we were seated where a pool table was once located. The waitresses here are really hot looking and ours was no exception. Tattooed and friendly she was on her game. I went with the ahi salad which was delish. Generous amounts of sliced ahi over mixed greens with jicama, carrots, cucumbers, tomatoes, pickled ginger, wasabi and sesame dressing. Everybody in our group was happy with their food and beverages.Sierra Gold offers Happy Hour from 4:00 pm to 7:00 pm and 11:00 pm to 2:00 am everyday. I'll definitely will be back soon.
1	Went to Sierra Gold tonight and waited 10 min for the bartender to even acknowledge us and then another 15 min passed and she never came to take our order so we moved to the dining room where the server came right over and was very attentive. We are regulars there and it always takes the bartenders forever to acknowledge we're there, even when it's not busy, like tonight. The females need a lot of work.
4	Might be my new favorite watering hole.I came here for happy hour with my co-workers. I wasn't very excited about this place, because my first experience here was just mediocre. However, being the new guy in the office, I was thrilled to get an invite to hang out with popular workers in the office.  I went to the bathroom and told myself to suck it up and try not to be weird. It was my first invite in 6 months, so I really, really didn't want to screw this up.I was surprised how busy the place was. I was equally surprised that we were able to get a table without waiting. I got a frosty 24 oz mug of Guinness for $3.50. After drinking and laughing, I got hungry and ordered a large pizza. The pizza was 50% off during happy hour and it was amazing. I went with the Gilroy and it was loaded with toppings and had a very thin, crisp crust. Freakin' delicious! For $9.99, that is really hard to beat. My only compliant is they need some more items on the happy hour munchies menu. I wouldn't mind chowing down some nachos, fries, or wings. Service is okay and bathrooms are clean. Overall, great experience.My street creds:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
3	Pizza, pizza, and more pizza. Oh yeah, beer too.I've never been to Sierra Gold on a non-happy hour. All I know is that it's half off on pizzas and half off on beers. End of story.Do: Get a black velvet and it goes with your pizza (I usually get the goat cheese, sun dried tomato and artichokes). Don't: expect to have a great service. There have been times where the pizzas I want, they didn't have. There have been times where it takes FOREVER AND A HALF to get my orders.But, a must stop for happy hour.
3	Wings, pizza, beer. Nothing really stood out so I guess it was just A-OK. Service was great, but we were the only ones there! Lol.
2	I know everyone has their favorites in pizza choices and flavor, but the pizza my friend and I ordered here after a concert evening out, was just plain horrible. In all honesty, Little Caesars $5.00 pizza would have been SOOOO much better! We sat at the bar, and the place was pretty packed after a recent concert and it was happy hour as well. Service was actually really quick. All staff was friendly.  We went with a margarita pie because it was 50% off...and now I know why.  I am not a fan of thin crust. I don't like picking up what seems like a tortilla and having all the toppings fold over. Being a margarita pizza, obviously there are not many toppings on it.  The sauce was rancid. It was like they took a can of tomato paste and slathered it all over the tortilla like crust.  Cheese was good, as was the fresh chopped basil, but what a waste of good toppings on a crappy crust and sauce.  I never liked the thin crust/tortilla like crusts that PT's group has. Especially if you're not there for happy hour when they're 50% off, you're paying full price for something that should cost $5-$8 given the size and thickness of the pizza. Lackluster.  Sorry....
4	I haven't always had stellar experiences here, mostly similar gripes as other reviews  (slow service, mysterious credit card charges, unhelpful staff), however, the last two visits have vastly improved my opinion. Service was great and attentive. No complaints.One thing that hasn't changed for me is the food. Now, that doesn't go for all menu items, but there are select dishes that are great. The Gilroy Pizza, one of their specialities, made with garlic white sauce, cheese blend, Italian sausage, pepperoni, salami, artichoke hearts, red onion, mushrooms, and tomatoes is always crazy delicious. The thin crust completes it. Best white sauce pizza ever. I also enjoy their boneless wings and chicken fingers with their Double Baked Cajun dry seasoning. Moist chicken breast with an always crispy breading. Their signature Coo Coo fries, Twister fries, or buckets: Garlic (chopped garlic, Parmesan cheese, olive oil), and Cajun (Cajun seasoning an Frank's RedHot sauce) are all really good and well-seasoned. On my last visit, I gave their burger a try (10 oz beef, lettuce, tomato, onion on a toasted bun, served with a pickle and Coo Coo fries) and it was surprisingly good! I asked for medium rare preparation and they did just that (seems so simple, but this is commonly ruined and my biggest pet peeve).With Happy Hour specials (50% off pizzas and drink specials), I think this is a wonderful place to hang out with friends and have good food and drinks at a small cost. It's laid back and also a great place to catch that day's games.
4	Great place for a fantasy draft. TV that you can plug your laptop into, private areas, great sexy waitresses, and above average food.(sliders and pizza and wings).  This is the upscale version of PT's and it shows.
2	When I first walked in, I thought it was a really nice place, we rented a private room to watch a program that a coworker was being featured on, and the decor all over the place was really cool.  I ordered a glass of wine for my wife and bottled water for myself and it took alot longer than it should have, the bar had a  few people in there but it really wasn't THAT busy, but we eventually got our drinks, I tipped appropriately and when it came time to order my next one, I heard lots of "be right with you" from a few different people, and lots of eye contact, hand raising, waving money,  but no service.  15 minutes later in a bar that isn't busy at all, I ended up just walking away, of course at that point the girl asked "what can I get you honey".  I just said "never mind" and now I know not to go in there again, a shame because we initially thought about renting the room from them again in the future. Also, no waitresses came into our room to see if we needed a refill or took away any empty glasses, which is usually the case in other establishments, but there were several walking around the rest of the place.  Oh well, you heard it here, maybe this place is more into taking care of their regulars and ignoring the newcomers, or maybe it was just an off night, either way, they presented nothing for me to want to return.
5	Still not happy about the happy hour changes but this is still top shelf food, drinks and bartenders - especially Ashley (weekdays) and Brandy !!!
4	Typical local bar, but I'd say it's nicer than most. The drinks are cold and food is descent. The pizzas are pretty good, and even better during happy hour. The wings are good as well. Nice spot to hangout after work.
4	This place is right down the street from my house so it's the perfect place to pop in from time to time. We decided to stop by after playing some football to watch some football. Everytime I've stopped in it always looks clean. Grabbed a table top across from the bar which is in plain view of all the tvs. The waitress stopped by originally & didn't seem too friendly at first. She took our drink order which was a special on mugs for $5. When the waitress came back to take our order she was in better spirits. There was a special request by my friend who wanted a grilled cheese sandwich w/ bacon, but w/ a burger in the middle. The waitress was kind enough to find out the pricing for it & provided two options for the request. My friend def enjoyed her grilled cheese burger. I ordered the ham sandwich which had apples in it. It was so tasty & the fries are the bomb. Everything was solid.The only downfall I would say is that I did notice someone smoking which made me realize why I don't visit this establishment often as there is no patio to escape to. They do have happy hours, however it did not apply on this day due to the time we stopped in.
4	Sierra Gold is consistent with the food all the time. The appetizers are great for games and seating is great for viewing of games. I had the potato skins, wings, and pizza with a group of friends. It was a great variety for a group during Sunday football.  I recommend for the beer selection as well.
4	Sierra Gold is solid sports bar with that home town locals feel. Atmosphere is great and service at the bar is always great. The bartenders are very attentive and serve great drinks. It's a great place to catch up with friends or catch the games of the day. The apps are amazing and the white pizza is a must try. Open 24 hrs a day and the staff is very friendly. Happy hour with 1/2 price drink specials are also a plus. Fun atmosphere and reasonably priced. Must try if you're in the neighborhood.
4	This is one of the best spots in town to pop in for a drink after work, watch a sports game, or just simply hang out. The food is bomb especially the pizzas and the fries. The happy hour is also great. The only reason I would give them 4 stars instead of 5 is the smoking. I know that they might be allowed to smoke by law but if one person lights up a cigarette it stinks up the entire place. I definitely leave the bar smelling like ashtrays :)The bartenders are all very friendly especially Brady who is AWESOME!
2	Ok, so I've been here a few times before and have always left somewhat neutral. The food is somewhat ok. Service is "meh" sometimes. I will admit though, I did have a bar back/busser/porter (I dont really know what he was to tell you the truth) step up his game and give us better service than our server one time. So kudos to him.But the reason Im finally writing a review and giving this place a 2 star is due to my recent visit on 6/4/11 night shift. I came in to meet a few friends, got a couple of beers, signed my check and called it a night. Upon reading my bank statement yesterday, it appears I was double charged on the tip I left. Not cool, ms. bartender. This is my credit card you guys are playing with. Mind you, it could have just been a simple mistake, which happens. But being in this industry myself, making that mistake, whether unintentional or intentional, is some serious shit.
3	Service isn't too slow but not quick either. Sucks that you can order one drink at a time  for happy hour but then it isn't a PTs pub. Huge and nice though.
2	Came for some dranks on a Saturday night.Pt's sister bar, they have the same HH so we scored on some half price dranky dranks!Wanted some munchies and the Garlic Fries caught my eye and the Flamin' Hot Onion Rings. Say whaaaat??!! DONT BELIEVE THE HYPE!! No wonder these come with three different dipping sauces including sriacha! Its more like food coloring that make these onion rings LOOK like flamin hot awesomeness! There was little flavor to the onion ring itself and ZERO flamin hotness! Not even a HINT of spiciness in fact! These are such a scam! Ugh!!! RIP OFF!!
5	Stop here every time I'm in town. Order a beer - half cider half bud light. Amazing appetizers. All menu items are priced fairly and taste amazing. Great pretzel bites. bring a jacket - they run the AC on high all year
1	Horrible horrible horrible everything!! Gaming sucks! Bartenders suck!! Food sucks!! The only reason for possibly a 1 star was because of a sweet server that walked by and said hello
4	If you love happy hour then I would recommend this place! Great specials and great prices on beers. Every time I go during happy hour I am never let down. I recommend any of the pizzas they offer, but I truly enjoy the BBQ chicken pizza. The mixture between the sweet tangy BBQ sauce and chicken just hit the spot as I'm washing it down with a cold glass of beer!
1	Service is slow..on slow and busy night..either they need to get more bartenders or they need to stop checking themselves out in the mirror..and do some good service..
5	This is obviously one of my regular hangouts. It's close to home, so it's my favorite late night spot. Excellent service & food. My favorite server is Christy, who is super sweet & beautiful.  My favorite bartenders are Brady & Alex. Prices are reasonable & they have a great happy hour!
5	Awesome place to hang with friends! Great drink prices only die happy hour only included pizza
1	The draw of Sierra Gold: decent food, great prices, nice interior/furniture, flexible hours, and location. Sounds like a recipe for success. Great way to screw it up: inconsistencies with food quality and more importantly, customer service. I've been here more times than I can count and it was a solid choice for quick eats and gatherings. After my last experience, the chances of another visit is zero. One month prior to a surprise party I was planning for Ruben's 30th birthday, I called them for information regarding their VIP lounge. I was told that it was just $40 to reserve the room and that a menu wasn't required (guests could order and pay freely). It was perfect for what I needed! I asked for a particular date and after being on hold for a few minutes, the associate confirmed that the date was available. Before providing my credit card information for the deposit, I confirmed that it was indeed their VIP lounge, etc. Everything was good to go and I was stoked! I created invitations, secretly invited guests, and planned how it would all go down.I arrived at SG approximately 30-45 minutes prior to the time I asked the guests to gather, so I would have time to set up and ensure everything was in order. I informed someone at the bar that I had reserved the VIP lounge. She responded with a gentleman's name and I said no, while confused. She said she would check with the manager, but that she may have seen the wrong name. I waited for a couple minutes next to the VIP lounge when the manager came to speak to me. He informed me that another individual had reserved the lounge and that the information showed that I reserved a dining area on the left side of the bar. I urged that there must have been a mistake because I specifically asked for the VIP lounge and I was told that it was available when I paid last month. He explained that what I described was impossible since the lounge had been reserved months in advance. WTF. I lost it. The next few lines are everything I, angrily, told the manager. I could not believe that someone was idiotic enough to provide me terrible information and created a false reservation. I'm certain that someone, if not that person, discovered the error along the way and didn't even think of contacting me about the change! If I knew I was reserving a dining area, I would never have been okay with making a deposit AND more importantly, if their lounge wasn't available, I would have gone somewhere else. It was extremely inconsiderate, especially knowing the importance of the event we were celebrating. I was devastated. I had this beautiful party planned and Ruben had absolutely no idea what was going on. His closest friends had already started arriving while this was happening and it was almost time for the party, so finding another location was not an option. Of course, all I wanted to do was leave. Nothing could undo what had been done. I was infuriated.As horrible as the evening began, everyone was extremely accommodating and kind. The manager happily refunded my $40 deposit when I requested it and when I finally decided to stay, he said that they would take care of us - they ended up comping one of our H/H pizzas ($10) on our $28 bill. He was also apologetic and our server was really attentive. Therefore, I commend these individuals for trying to salvage the night. Unfortunately, the damage had already been done.
5	I love coming to here for a good cocktail, plus it's close to my house. Came in for a dirty martini after a night on the strip. Received again excellent service from the bartenders (Brady & forgot the tall blonde haired guy). They make the drinks on point & they are super quick. Very hospitable & checked on everyone at the bar. They also remember us coming there. Great guys!!! Atmosphere was nice. Not smoky at all. Great lighting in there. I also love their comfy bar stools. I like the nice touches throughout the place, with the art on ceiling & nice & intimate VIP section. Makes it more modern. As far as food, I really like their buffalo ranch pizza a lot. The have a really yummy pazookie dessert.
4	This is a great place to hang out in the southwest.  Right off 215 and jones, it's convenient and they have an extensive menu of good food.  They also have pretty good specials for happy hour and a good crowd.  Seems to be a place people like to hang out on the way home from work.  I've been coming here for years and it's one of my favorite places to stop in vegas.  They have gaming as well and private rooms to watch games, etc.
3	Been here about 3 times during the last 2 weeks.  Both times were either a Fri night or Sat night during March Madness so there were a ton of people.  The first time we came, we ordered beers and appetizers, when the food came out, the chips that came with the spinach dip were stale..it also came with bread which was fine.  The next time we came, we ordered pizza and pretzel bites and the food wasn't like we remembered it a while back.  The pizza was super dry and well done and the pretzel bites which I remember were really good was served differently and tasted different.  We also had one server in the beginning of the night and then never saw her again and I guess some other server took over.  This was just confusing because we weren't sure if our server was coming back or who was taking our table/section over? We came one more time just for a few beers and as we were sitting for a while no one came by the table so we just decided to order our drinks at bar and bring them back to the table.  I'm giving 3 stars for the service which is not consistent as well as the food quality which is not consistent either.  The happy hour is not bad though and at least they have a few more food options available then most bars, we also like the atmosphere here.
4	One of the best local bars in the city, if you are ever on the jones 215 area its a must check out place! Great food and amazing service!!!
4	My favorite spot after work. The staff is nice and friendly and most of them already know my orders. Everything I've tried here has been really good top 2 things for me to eat Calamari and Shrimp fried and tossed with banana peppers and cilantro served with sweet and spicy dipping sauced. GFC Bourbon Wings with Coo Coo fries. Love the Coo Coo fries they have a sweet and spicy taste. One thing I have to say I dislike is if my regular bartender is not there it takes me a little longer to put my order in and to get my bill.
4	As a fairly social person and someone who is not a stranger to bars, Sierra gold is a place that I have frequented quite a bit. The draw of Sierra gold is that it's a PTs, but just higher class, which I mostly agree with. You walk in and you see that the bar is quite spacious, there's the bar and the dining areas, so you can choose how you want your experience to be. I've had all types of nights here, from just a quick midday drink, to watching the game, to let's get chocolate wasted type of night. The bartenders are usually pretty knowledgable with their drinks and the service here, as with most places tends to vary on the staff. It sucks, but you just do what you can in that regardsAnother amenity they have is a VIP room, so if you want a private place for to hang out with friends for like an event, that's totally doable but you do have to reserve it in advance. TL; DR I like this bar, it's not the greatest but it is good quality and I generally have a good experience while coming here and I'm rating it in the sense of its a locals bar
4	Ok, I've been here for happy hour before and had the worst service. Today, Nicole was attentive and the pizza was packed with toppings. I will be coming back for sure!
4	I often come here to socialize with my husband and his coworkers in the evenings; this seems to be the place of choice for work gatherings and going away parties. The restaurant is clean, the bar is huge, and I am eternally shocked at how one waitress can handle the 30+ obnoxious humans that gather in one corner in our party at any given time. :) The beers are very reasonably priced and I love that they have ciders on tap. My favorite food item is the flatbread pizza; it's HUGE, filling, cheap and delicious. The neat thing about this place are all of the little areas that can be sectioned off for group gatherings; I love that while the space is very open, you can still find a quiet corner for your party to have a good time. The wait for food and service can be lengthy at times, but I've always been completely satisfied. I love having a casual, comfortable place near my house to chill on weeknights.
5	It's been always out favorite hang out place coz it's just by my house. Our group always comes here to drink and eat. They have the best chicken wings! Best service and friendly servers :)
3	For all the times I have been here I can't believe I haven't gotten around to reviewing SG.In a nutshell Sierra Gold is a bigger nicer version of PTs. The food, drinks, and prices are essentially the same. Complete with pool tables, a lounge, and even a upstairs event room, Sierra Gold is everything you have come to expect from a PTs and more. To be honest the only time I set foot in here is for happy hour. 50% off all drinks and pizzas from 5pm - 7pm and 12am - 2am. In fact this probably the only reason anyone I know comes here. With the HH, drinks actually become reasonably priced: $3.75 for the big mugs, and $2.50 for the small. The pizzas are decent; the Gilroy with it's white sauce, mushrooms and pepperoni is a favorite and you can't go wrong with the BBQ chicken. . Service varies depending on when you come. During the day the place is barren, but show up on a weekend night around 12 and you will be hard pressed to find a server. Location is perfect, right off the 215 on the southwest side of town. Overall Sierra Gold has been a great spot for grabbing drinks and meeting up with friends as long as you come during the right times.
4	It's a local joint with your traditional American fare bar food. I love the staff here, shout out to Brady and Alex! It's a relaxed ambience with the bar in the center and seating around it. Masculine decor with dark wood accents throughout. It's the perfect place to go to after a long day of work and a quick drink before going home. Their happy hour starts at midnight, half off!
4	Great place to get away and drink a cold beer. Great atmosphere to hang out with friends I recommend it if your in the area .
4	A top end poker bar with a good menu, lots of beers and friendly staff.  Great atmosphere and not smokey .
4	Nice 'home plate' bar for locals, I love the brews here and the (mostly female) waitstaff makes you feel right at home. Service is usually good to great at this location, though it can get a bit busy around industry lunch time. Today I went for a 'healthier' option opting for the chicken fajita bowl. I have to say I was a bit unimpressed with the drab plate that came out of the kitchen. There was 7 small cuts of chicken, a few stringy veggies, and a bunch of soy sauce on the rice (for a fajita bowl?? That should be the teriyaki bowl). I was unimpressed with my meal, coming to $13. Why are the healthier options always skimpy and more expensive? That's my only complain this time, the only item I ordered. PUT MORE MEAT ON THE PLATE! Everyone else at my table was satisfied, however the boneless wings the table got were very hard- over cooked, maybe they had been cooked and were sitting under the heat lamp for a while. Not sure. Come here for the wings, burgers/sandwiches and of course... da beers!!
3	The food is good and the menu has a lot of choices.  It is just very smoky in there.  I realize it's a pub and cigarette smoke is normal, but it's hard to eat in there with all of it.  And the service is not always great.  It is convenient to my job, so I get food to go from there quite a bit.  However, it's no place I would go out of my way for.
3	Went to Sierra Gold this Saturday afternoon to start off a bachelor party. We paid a fee to have a section to ourselves. But it was still in the middle of the bar, but we did have our own waitress which was nice. Tho, something tells me it was her first day waiting. Upon my arrival I attempted to order a "bucket of beers", but not only does this place not offer that kind of deal, but our waitress had never heard of such a delivery system for beer, which I found odd. She almost acted as if I had made it up. Regardless, they had very cheap, very large beers. For dinner I got the seared ahi salad, it was really good and it didn't overly fill me up  like bar food would have. With everything I got, 5 huge beers and the salad, it was just over $30 bucks, so I was very pleased. We left for a while and came back for some drunk food and beers. I ordered a pizza and curly fries, the pizza was shitty and I ended up giving half it to my cab driver on my ride home. The fries were great. I would gladly come back, it's far from downtown where I live, so I have a $40 cab ride if I want to drink all night again, but I can see myself doing that once a month. They lost a star for serving Pepsi products!
1	Our server was pretty slow. And, we never got our change back. Shame
5	First time here, had a great bartender name Mike, he never let my glass get empty! Made a great drink, his service was enough to make me a regular!
1	Been here before and had great service but honestly after this last Expierience I was definitely left with a bad taste in my mouth..came in late after some drinking because I live very close by..sat at a table close to the bar and was literally ignored for 25 minutes..I asked for help an for a menu and was ignored ...wanted to grab a few beers and pizza but ended up walking out after 25 minutes without so much as a smile or offer of a menu...save your Money...service is horrible..better off going to a PTS ...Sierra gold is supposed to be their upscale version but it's actually worse...don't recommend..
5	Great spot to watch sports , service could be a bit better tho , best tasting wings so far that I've had in Vegas . Always get the party bucket with curly fries.Go during happy hour cheap beer
4	One of my favorite happy hours in town! Every day 5-7 PM and 12-2 AM. Half off drinks and pizzas.If you're doing it right, you're ordering the Gilroy pizza! You can thank me later.
1	Worst customer service, I am a regular PTs player and James at Sierra Golds on 215/Jones had the nerve to say I was complaining about a $40 check when I told him he charged me for my drinks. Not only did I lose a bet because of their filthy machines, when the machine didn't hold and I lost, I asked him to call a tech and he complained saying it would take two hours for them to come out. HORRIBLE!!! you never know who will walk in to your bar!! I would hate to know my servers or bartenders left such a bad impression of our brand in a customers memory. I will never step foot inside Sierra Golds!! GO TO PTS GOLD ON BUFFALO/215 instead SAME HAPPY HOUR AND BETTER SERVICE!
5	I come from out of town and I always make a point to stop here. Great service, good chile cheese fries and wings. Cute servers. Always a great time here.
5	This place is great! Good food, amazing service, Brady and Alex are always on top of their game!! Also other bartenders on the same shift are great!! Always a good time!!
1	Went in for a late breakfast on a Sunday. The waitress was attentive, however, her interaction seemed forced. A couple days later I found she/someone charged me $13.64 for the Miners Breakfast and then another $5.00 for who knows what.. obviously someone doesn't know what they're doing behind the register. I highly advise paying in cash if you want to go to this Sierra Gold. If you want better service where they don't fuck up your check, go to the location on Buffalo and Smoke Ranch.
2	Not sure what's going on with this place. It used to be one of the best bars in SW Vegas. The level of customer service has fallen off big time in recent years. Last week I went there with a couple of friends around 9 pm and sat at the bar. The bartender came over, said hi, and then walked away. We didn't see her again for like 15 minutes. When it's 90+ degrees outside and you just want a cold beer, it sucks having to wait 15+ minutes to even put in your first order.If the place had been super busy, I probably could have understood, but it wasn't. Similar "lapses" have happened in the past year or so, although this was the worst by far. They also have a problem with adding extra stuff to a bill "by accident" and still trying to charge you for it after you pointed out the mistakes.This is a nice bar in a nice location so I hope management can fix the problems asap!
5	Went to Sierra Gold to watch the game with friends.  Monica was our server, she is the BEST! She took great care of us. Highly recommend this pub. It has a great atmosphere, you can sit at the bar or the dining room and watch the games, great food and great service.
5	Looking for a nice, clean and fun atmosphere with great happy hour specials, THIS IS THE SPOT. Don't forget to tip your waitress!
1	The last two weeks, the bloody marys were exceptional...this week they decided to forego the good mix and compensate with water?  Not sure, but aweful.  Took forever to get a drink and now no one has checked back for food or anything...been easily 20 minutes.  They also don't understand their satellite system and keep changing the channels to the incorrect games...thats annoying enough, then add the dumb patrons bitching about it. I'll just go home and make bloodys...if anyone knows of a good spot to watch football and have some good bloodus, put it on here.  Thanks!
5	Great service, casual, upscale atmosphere, delicious pizzas for the price.  Tried the Hunter's special & Buffalo Ranch on Monday Night Football.Come in between 5 - 7 PM or 12 - 2 AM for happy hour. 50% off pizzas & drinks. 5 star service. Our Waitress was cool, I forget her name though.. Dark hair,  tats & tan.  Total sweetheart made sure all the drinks were full.
4	Kind of an awkward location that doesn't give you the vibe that your out for a drink. Great menu and very cheap drinks for happy hour. Great place to just come here and watch sports or socialize with friends. The atmosphere however seems like a place for the older crowd. I love the Gilroy pizza.
1	Love the Sierra gold in Henderson. .... this one on Jones plain sucks!!! Takes 15-20 mins to get acknowledged at the bar. ..then another 5 or 10 to Get a drink.    One of very few places I've came in and sat waited and finally left. ...tonight I sat at a machine plaYed forty dollars and only saw a bartender from a distance..... I will never come back! !!!
1	I heard great things about this place but I don't know what happen Saturday night when I went. First off, we sat at a table and slowly waiting for our friends to come. We ordered lots of drinks and they were all so weak. One of my whiskey sours tasted only like lemonade and I had to complain. Our server was very nice and attentive. Except the fact later on in the night, one of her nipples were showing! Another thing, we ordered Jameson shots chilled. I think they forgot about our shots because it took forever for it to come. After we took them, it seriously tasted like water and Jameson. Gross. Now then bartenders could be a little more nicer and help out people that are on the other side of the bar. We were at the bar and it was so hard to flag down a bartender just to cash out! Overall, I wasn't pleased and don't think I'll be returning.
1	Went to this location to get together with some friends and watch football on a Sunday afternoon. Unfortunately, the service we received was horrible. No one acknowledged our presence when we walked in and our waitress didn't come to our table until 10 mins after we sat down. The waitress rolled her eyes at us when we ordered, brought out the wrong food and would drop our drinks at the end of the table and walk away. We talked to the manager on duty and unfortunately he was no better. He had no idea how to respond when we voiced our complaints, he stood there and let out a laugh. Food was just ok. If there were football specials, we didn't know about them. An extremely disappointing experience!
