5	I'm reluctant to review this location since it's where I find all my greatest deals and really, I don't want to share with you. But I will since we're friends.50% off Saturday's are CRAZY. Be prepared. If you are clostraphobic you should avoid it at all costs. However, you can get smokin' deals on pretty much everything if you're willing to deal with massive crowds. This Saturday I got close to $200 worth of pristine Anne Taylor dresses, slacks, and shirts for about $15 - total. This store is clean and doesn't smell like dead people. A huge bonus in my book. It's well organized and the people that work there are really helpful. One of the better thrift stores in the area by far.
5	Ahh! I went here one day and took a whole 2 hours to go back again! This place was great! I found curtains for my house for a whopping 12 bucks!! (for both panels) And books, games, the whole shebang! Yeah, I agree with Jessica on wanting to save this little secret of mine.. but man oh man! I spent so many hours at antique stores and totally neglected the real deal! Definitely recommended.. or not recommended... if you're going for any size 6s!
4	I've never been a fan of Goodwill until I realized how poor I am. It's not cool vintage stuff, folks. The clothes smell like they have been in someone's closet for years, the furniture looks like dogs and kids took turns peeing on it and the people who work here are scarier than the People of Walmart.BUT with all things you buy, you just have to use good judgment. So before you put on those Goodwill panties (if you're the type to buy used undies) you might just want to wash them in a bit of acid first. And if you're buying furniture that looks like someone lost their virginity on-- you're gross. The deal with thrift store shopping is that you have to be willing to look through racks and racks of clothes, in hopes of finding gems. I have found jeans here with the tags still on, like-new popularly branded shirts and years of Halloween costumes. Check out my profile pictures to see the evidence.Its all about the thrill of the hunt for me. Oh yeah, and I only come here every other Saturday when its 50% off the entire store. I'm poor. Leave me alone!I've also donated lots of stuff too. Mostly all of the clothes I've bought from here. I think I just get really excited that I can buy a shirt for $0.50 even though its bright orange and has jack-o-lantern patch on it. When I moved, I cleaned house and got rid of a lot of shoes, knick knacks, housewares and home decor items. They gave me a coupon for 20% off too. So naturally, I was back next week and like a crazy person, I went around the store looking for all my donated items just to see how much they priced stuff and I couldn't believe the markup. Some of the items were priced more than the purchasing price.Oh well, it goes to a great cause. Goodwill supposedly uses the money to help people get back to work and stuff. So support the cause and buy thrift!
5	first words out of my mouth after entering this location: "it doesn't smell like mildewed clothes in here!!!!" three cheers for cleanest goodwill i've ever been to.this place was amazing! cara and i came here looking for a project. the furniture selection was crummy. we were hoping to find a wood table or night stand or something maybe with drawers. no luck. it was mostly plastic faux wood. we did find a ton of other amazing things for a different type of project. a guy behind us in line found citizens jeans w the tags still on them. tons of board games w all the pieces. really, really great good will. my fav so far!
4	All my best finds come from this store.  If you pop in frequently, you'll find they get some really great stuff.  There are cool clothes, sometimes I even find Threadless and Shirt.woot T-shirts here.  I've found great dresses for $10.  It's a a rare thrift store where you can find clothes for non-obese or retired women, but hey - I get all my work clothes here. Furniture is hit or miss, but isn't it always?My one gripe: they charge almost twice as much for "women's" shirts as they do for men's.  Even if it's just a t-shirt, one that would pop up in men's or in children's depending on the judgement of the employee, if it's in women's it's $4.99, if it's in men's it's $2.99.  I understand charging more for shirts with ruffles and buttons and weird cuts that probably cost more to begin with, but t-shirts should all cost the same.  I don't like having an employee not believe me that the Jim Morrison t-shirt that I got off the men's rack is really a women's shirt that should cost me an extra $2.
2	It depends on what you're looking for I guess. I was putting together a new household and needed housewares and the various crapstuffs to make my house seem more like a home. Also I would have liked to have found some toys and furniture for the boy.It's pretty well picked over, and for the most part priced . .  um . . . optimistically. The Goodwills vary greatly from location to location. The store on Chandler Boulevard in Ahwatukee foothills gets some really nice cast-offs. I have a feeling this one on 16th St. is in an area where there's too much competition from other thrifts for good donations, and where shopping thrift stores is so well-accepted that they can still drive their prices up on whatever stuff they get. I think there's a condition in the DSM-IV called "Thrift Store Delusion Complex" wherein people willingly pay prices nearly equal to new and think they're getting a deal. I'm all for helping the disadvantaged, but the idea of a thrift store is  . . . ahem . . . thrift.
5	You know, for a goodwill this one really isn't bad!  They have a ton of clothes that are actually displayed to make them look orderly and clean instead of the usual crammed heaps and stacks you see.  I love the books - a great selection of books you have always meant to read (and I don't mean the old classics, though they have those too) like James Patterson, Anne Rice, and all those gooey Twilight books.  Looks like they moved out most of the furniture recently, but perhaps they will be getting a new shipment soon.  Lots of knick-knacks and vases, and about 25 printers to choose from!  Check here first if you are looking for one of the above stated items - they is a good chance you will find it!
5	Update: This store now tags their clothing differently.  Instead of a colored tag indicating when it came in, they now affix price tags indicating whether it's men's women's or children's.  No longer do you need to worry about being charged more for a t-shirt from the men's rack because you happen to be female.  Also, I found 5 cute women's Threadless tees on the Children's rack the other day, only $1.99 each, cha-ching!
4	This is a great location for treasure hunting! I found a couple of tables here over the last year and just re-painted them. Super cute now. Also, they have a decent selection of costumes at Halloween.
2	I can find good things from time to time, as most Goodwill.However, I was there at one $1 Thursday, when it's supposed to be $1 for all items of specific color tag at noon time, and found that the workers were busy gathering a lot of clothes of that color tag and put them onto the racks behind the check-out counter.  I assume that they don't want to sell them to you at Thursday at $1 but rather like you to pay half price at Saturday.I don't know whether this is normal for all Goodwill. JYI
5	I love this Goodwill, it's clean and well organized and they really do make it nice to shop here.  The clothes are even color coordinated and in distinct, well organized sections.   Their half price events can't be beat for value and it's just the perfect place for the odd thing you find yourself needing now and again, or a good, cheap way to spend a weekend afternoon out of the Phoenix heat.  I scored an entire maternity wardrobe from this Goodwill for less than $50.  It was all nice, and gently used and would have cost me a few hundred dollars from the maternity store in the mall.  SCORE!For the record not all Goodwills are the same.  There is another Goodwill at 32nd St and Thomas and it is an utter mess.  It smells like mildew and the clothes are falling off the racks, the aisles are jammed with merchandise in disarray and it's just an unpleasant place.  I refuse to go to that one when the 16th St. and Indian School location is so close and so much nicer.
4	Every other Saturday is 50% off everything (except food and seasonal items) at Goodwill retail stores all around Phoenix. Prices at this Goodwill run a little high on regular days, but on half-off days, the prices are very good. Women's shoes were around $5 to $6 a pair (so $2.50 to $3 at half off), softback books $2 ($1), hardbacks $4, belts $3, blouses $5 to $6, and dresses $7 to $12. Everything was set up in easy-to-locate sections and the staff was friendly and helpful at the counter and in the furniture area.
4	Actually, this is one of the better Goodwills. It's relatively close to where I live and easy to get there. A good variety of interesting items. Friendly, efficient staff. A wide range of customers.
5	Definitely one of the better Goodwills in the valley.  They have pretty good stuff, but it's a big store, so it's not cramped like some Goodwills that I've been in.  The employees are helpful and don't have an attitude.  The best part of this store is the clothes, bags/purses, and random bags of stuff in the back.  If you're looking for household items or kids' toys, then go to the 'burbs...they have better stuff out there.
4	I haven't been inside this location yet, but I have been to the drop-off zone approximately a bazillion times. The employees are always there to greet me and help remove anything from my car. I've dropped off clothes, shoes, lamps, dishes, more clothes and anything else that I wanted to donate. I'll definitely visit inside to see what kind of deals I may find. This Goodwill is on the SEC of N 16th St and Indian School.
1	Worst Goodwill I have ever been too. I shop for mens dress shirts and almost exclusively buy from Goodwill. This one was terrible.
1	I scheduled a home pickup  a week prior to pick up. I called the Friday before to confirm and was told I was scheduled. I made sure everything was curbside by 7 am.  I received a phone call later in the morning stating they were not able to gain access through the gate.  There is no gate.  I called them at the number that had left a message and was transferred. Had to leave a voice-mail and never received a call back. I will contact another agency to donate to.
1	My mom went here to enroll in their computer classes and career assistance after losing her job. She wanted to learn Microsoft Office to help her with positions that require you to have skills in these programs. Goodwill requires that you take tests prior to meeting with someone for an interview. She didn't do very well. That's why she wanted to take the classes. Goodwill rejected her because her scores were too low. So now my mom is left with nowhere to turn to for training and computer classes and she's really struggling, all because this "charity" only accepts certain people to keep their 'success rate' high.
5	I like this Goodwill location. Granted, that's because I haven't been stalked by a creepy Lil Wayne lookalike creeper and I don't buy used furniture that's doubled as the family's toilet. Well, no, that's not just it. I found some really nice clothing items here- like a large selection of designer jeans for $8 (normally) or $4 on 50% off Saturdays. I've scored really cool sailor-ish designer jeans for $1 not once, but twice. I have a major thing for collared shirts and found several nice Loft button up collared blouses that are just the nerdy bee's knees.I think the best thing here has been all the awesome records I found. I doubt they're collectors items, although it's possible to find some good collectable ones, I just haven't found any. I just like listening to records and found a lot of 70s singer/songwriters like Nielson, Carole King, Kenny Loggins, and Carly Simon.Usually when I go here, the records rack would be pretty much wiped out. I think record fanatics know about this location and clean it out before regular people like me can get out of work or school to contend with. Still, sometimes I get lucky.
4	Oh how I love this store. Maybe a tad too much. Im a sucker for a steal, and this is the place to go! Its a tad dirty, but come on now people we arnt shopping at Niemen Marcus for cryin out loud. The staff are friendly, its nicely organized (unless your shopping on half off day which might as well be black Friday!!). Where else can you get name brand stuff for basically the tax? Not many other places, unless its another goodwill location. This one is our favorite location by far.
