5	This place is great! The staff is friendly and my kids had a BLAST.  We were there all day.The great thing about this paintball venue is that it is outdoors.  Kids and adults get to run around in 2 different settings in the hopes of eliminating the other team.  Next time we go, we will make sure to bring snacks, lunch, water and hand sanitizer.  This is a MUST try for family fun.  We will definitely be going again.
5	I've been there several times and have always had a blast. The staff is always very helpful and friendly. They mix up the games to keep in fun and interesting. Will definately be back.
3	So far, I like the spacious grounds. But, there are lots of people. And only one large field. They seem to take a lot of time between games. The ref's were very safety consious, and watched to make sure the games were played fair. Overall my son and his friend had a good time. I would give it more of a 3.5 stars.
1	Was overcharged in April 26, 2014.  I called several times and finally got a call back from Kelly 2 weeks later.  She told me to email Eric and I would get my money back that I was overcharged.  It's been a week.  No call or email from Eric.  Why did I think I would get anything other than no results!I would say that they do not know what customer service is.  If you pay, pay with cash or risk getting over charged and good luck getting your money back.I will let all I know to do something other than go to Cowtown.  What a pain in the neck.
2	As a former paintball enthusiast I would not recommend this park to anyone who takes the sport too seriously, however, this is a great place to go and try out the sport for the first time or to take your kids.This business operation is pretty small scale which is great in some ways and a major disadvantage in others. I will do my best to explain below.Cost: This is a very affordable way to spend the afternoon with the family or friends if you plan it out right. I would recommend using the Groupon that is available online. The deal covers 4 people's admission fee of $20. If you need to rent a paintball gun and the gear it will be another $27. That includes a gun rental, hopper, air, air tank, protective vest, and 500 balls of paint. A great deal! You can spend a whole day here if you buy another box of paint and bring a cooler with your water and lunch.Course: Most of the bunkers here consist of large cable spools, barrels, and plastic tubbing. There was plenty of bunkers available and space to move around the course even with 40+ people playing in a single game. These types of bunkers are fairly cheap to obtain but did not provide players with a lot of variety. I felt very uncomfortable with the rusting vehicles that are on around the course as it would be easy to injure yourself during a game. The course also lacked any clear definition of boundaries. A player can pretty easily find him/herself out of bounds with out knowing it. The ground is a very fine sand that can very easily get into your shoes. This is more annoying than it is a problem as it does not effect the game play at all. It was actually nice once the game started and one could knell easily on the ground without it being too hard on the knees. At the center of the course there is a makeshift temporary structure with several rooms. This is a great place to post up during the game, but is also super difficult to hold. It's pretty exhilarating to move from room to room here.Operation: This would be my biggest concern with this park. The refs on staff are in charge of deciding when the games will start, how teams will be separated, and what type of game will be played. Some of the game types are not very clear as to how the rules work and the refs were not very friendly while explaining the rules or organizing the teams. The waiting between games was the worst part of the experience. There were sometimes 10-15 minute waits between games. This might not sound like a lot of time, but when you are paint balling, geared up, and ready to go having to wait another 10 minutes before play is a killer. Then by the time everyone made their way over to the entrance and teams were organized it had been 20 minutes. My group was there for 3 hours and only were able to play 5 games. I would love to see these guys move things a little bit faster if I were to ever come back. It really bothered me that the refs were just chilling in the shade and smoking during between breaks when I wanted to get started. There is a lot of room outside of the course for players to put down their belongings on wooden picnic tables. There are only port-a-potties available on site as restroom facilities.Gameplay: 90% of the people here were utilizing the rental guns. These guns were terrible. It was clear that they had not undergone any maintenance or cleaned in a very long time. The velocity they were calibrated at did not even allow most of the paintballs to burst upon impact. There were many times when I had been shot and the ball did not burst at all. I often found myself in a shootout with an opposing player and our guns were so inaccurate and under powered that neither of us could hit one another. The low velocity would be good for kids because it barely hurts to be shoot, but it completely detracts from the sport of the game.
