4	Exactly the way you would think a southern library should look. Big, white, with tall columns and many steps. It is on the central square with a beautiful flowering gazebo in front. The librarians are friendly and the place was full of kids.Although, check when you live in Matthews, you are either Mecklenburg or Union county. This library is open to Mecklenberg county residents. If your not, you can pay $25.00 to use it but, what is the sense there!
5	I love this place! I can go online and search for desired materials and have them delivered to this branch if they're coming from a different location. I can suggest book purchases (I've been told if a book is older than 1 year, the chances for purchase are slim) and will be notified on the decision. Limit one suggestion per week. Then! If they don't purchase the book they can borrow from another library system and voila! Libraries are awesome resources! I enjoy sticking around and reading here. Nice chairs, tables, lamps, unlit fireplace, computers.Check out all the reading programs for kids. It looks like they do a lot to make reading fun. I mean more fun than it already is.
4	Matthews Public Library, first of all, is a gorgeous structure. It reminds me of the main Graduate Library at UNC-Chapel Hill (where I went to school...Go Tarheels!). The pillars and the circle drive and the lovely landscaping make it a great place to visit just for the ambience.The Mecklenburg Library system is fabulous for many of the reasons that Diane D. describes in her review. I love all the online features and the ability for each branch to borrow from others. One thing I've noticed to be particularly great about the Matthews branch is that they have so many special events. There's stuff for kids, like story hour and writing classes, but there are also interesting book signings, craft lessons, and other events for adults. I check their website out pretty often to see what is going to be happening, and I try to make as many events as I can. I'm particularly partial to the knitting and crocheting meetings. You can bring your projects and sit and chat with others who are working, and if you don't know what you're doing, it's a great place to get advice.
5	I have nothing less than stellar things to say about the Matthews Public Library.The most beautiful and serene library out of all Char-Meck's public libraries. You'll find it in the super cute albeit super tiny area that is downtown Matthews. Ample parking within the complex leading up to the library and behind the bldg itself. I can (and have) spend an entire afternoon hanging out here. It can be a a few notches above silent in the early afternoon as moms w young children come in and out - I'm guessing before older siblings get out of middle/high school - and after 3pm there's usually a constant shuffling of feet and/or papers but all I do in both instances is slip on my trusty headphones and settle into my own space. Choose from an array of comfy chairs, big desks for group work, and individual desks/work spaces. I must confess I very rarely seek out the assistance or info from any of the librarians (are they called library techs now? not too sure) so I can't rate their knowledge/customer service/etc. but I can tell you they're always in plain sight and accessible for patrons who do require assistance. When weather permits, I sit on a bench outside or sprawl out on a blanket as I would at Freedom Park. I've seen a few of the aforementioned moms w young children do the same.
4	Excellent full sized library with a great selection of fiction and non-fiction. This is a big set up and they have a lot of space for study and for poking away at your laptop on their free wifi. I had thought that the branch in South Park was the the best, but I have to give props to Matthews. It's quieter, it's better laid out and there are more study carrels that are quieter. Well done, Matthews Library!
5	I love the layout of this library.  Everything is labeled and easy to find.  There were many books on display for adults and children that caught my attention and I had to grab them. I picked out a number of books for myself and two children to explore on vacation this week.  In addition, the facility is beautiful and clean which is always a plus in my book.  Our library system is the best!
4	Just go here for the architecture! This place is amazing both inside and out! There are a lot of great little exhibits inside as well. Best money can buy! (by the way, it's free to look around and enjoy the lirbary!) Good place to get free WiFi
