3	Aya & Peilas is new in the sense that they have re-opened since 1988.  It is on the corner of 17th Ave and Van Buren, just west of the the Circle K.A stack of menus were hand delivered by the family who owns Aya & Peilas to my office building just down the street and we went and tried it out.  We did take out, but they do phone orders and dine in.  There are about 2 booths and 2 tables in there, it's small and warm but very clean.There were state employees inside ordering lunch to go just like we were.  A & P has some good deals on the lunch combos.  They are only $4.95.  I got the taco, enchilada and tostada.  Not bad, pretty good and for less than $5, can't beat it!  It is a glorified 'ertos type restaurant.  The family owners and employees seem very nice.  Other workies got some lunch too and they were happy with it.  It's nice to have a new spot to grab some grub while at work!Oh and they have navajo tacos and Indian fry bread on the menu---- YUMMMM!
3	Fellow Yelper & co-worker Nadia C convinced me to give Aya & Peilas a try, and I'm glad I did.  I can now add it to my list of good Mexican food joints near where I work, bringing the total to five.I've tried both the green & red chile burros, and both were great!  The sauce is very robust and just spicy enough for me (for some probably not spicy enough).  They've got a lot of other offers too, along with lunch specials, and even gringo food. It is a pretty small place, but you can takeout and the wait is very minimal.  All in all, another great Mexican restaurant find for those who work near the Capitol or are okay with traveling a bit West on Van Buren.
2	I had hopes that this place might be a cheaper version of the nearby La Canasta, but my hopes have been dashed. The food here (I've eaten here 3 times) is decent, but not as good or flavorful or as fresh as La Canasta. Plus the location is amidst what I like to call "bum central." Entering from Van Buren you might feel like you've been dropped into a scene from Resident Evil (my gamer friends will get that one, the rest of you wont). Even though La Canasta is across the street in the same neighborhood, they have a large parking lot, so you can feel somewhat away from "bum central" and the street peoples. And price-wise this place is really only about .50 cent cheaper per most menu items. So If you are ordering for yourself or a couple of people, not really saving any money and you are getting lesser quality food. 2 out of the 3 times I ate here, the tortilla was old and hard as a rock. Plus there is nothing aesthetically-pleasing about Aya & Peilas. La Canasta is beautiful inside, but this place looks like a converted pawn shop, which I'm pretty sure it used to be! I even like Filberto's better than this place.
4	Standing in the suicide lane I contemplated if it was worth risking my life to walk to this place for lunch.The menu here is a bit more eclectic than the average betero's. It has burgers, fish n' chips and even hot dogs on the menu.I went with a more original item, a cactus burrito. the staff was nice enough to let me know that the usual red sauce had meat init and they left that out. I ordered some chips with my meal too.It was the best cactus burrito I ever had, and the only, it is supposedly healthy and not too bad. (4.25) The chips were wonderful  but a bit pricey at $1.25.Drinks are limited to cans and bottles so getting you food to go and getting a drink at the adjacent circle K is recommended.There were a few homeless people enjoying a High gravity malt liquor' out on the patio, but that just comes with the territory don't let that scare you away.
