1	TruCom is great when they/it works.  We have them for internet service and when it goes out - if it's late Friday evening - don't count on it working again until Monday.  The only provider I know that lets their customers sit without internet service for days on end.  RIDICULOUS!!!
1	Have been waiting 2 days now just for a call back. Have been having same issue almost a yr. Techs came out in Jan '13 could not find a prob. Called Sat.talked to a tech that determined thru diagnostics that I am dropping packets of info consistently, but that I needed to call mon. to talk "local". Monday told couldn't "see" any prob, and my speeds were okay, but when asked about packet losses told he'd check with supervisor and he'd call back. Never the entire day got a call back, and when I tried to call back just went to ans.mach. Next am, talked to offsite tech, saw I am dropping packets of info, need to call after 8am to talk "local". Got tech who was surprised his supervisor hadn't called. He'd get right on it and have him call me. Second day of waiting for phone to ring... no call back. really fed up, poorest customer service ever!!! Thinking of reportin to BBB
1	This company SUCKS!  They closed up shop in Las Vegas.  Did not inform their customers.  All lines are now dead - message is "out of service".  The company says they are experiencing a service outage in the Las Vegas area.  Nobody answers any of their phone lines in Arizona or Nevada.  Stay away from these scammers if you want reliable phone service.  They don't even return phone calls!!!!
1	This company SUCKS!  They closed up shop in Las Vegas.  Did not inform their customers.  All lines are now dead - message is "out of service".  The company says they are experiencing a service outage in the Las Vegas area.  Nobody answers any of their phone lines in Arizona or Nevada.  Stay away from these scammers if you want reliable phone service.  They don't even return phone calls!!!!I left the President a message. No call back. Just turned off my service with NO warning.
1	Still never heard back from the President of this company.  Gutless S.O.B.  I always wonder how someone like him can become a CEO.
