5	Alright! A Fresh and Easy right down the road! If you haven't visited a F&E yet, you'll find a fresh (obviously) selection of fruits and veggies, popular "regular" groceries, great wines, and ready to eat meals. To save you money, most of their produce is prepackaged and pretty inexpensive. One of my favorite finds in the produce section is their Broccoli Coleslaw Mix. The suggested serving is to mix with mayo for a slaw, but I suggest eating it with a light sesame soy dressing and F&E Roasted Edamame. Healthy and good! Fresh and Easy feels like they plucked the best parts of all grocery stores and cut out the B.S. - flowers minus the designer, baked goods minus the bakery, deli cheese and meat sans the counter (check out the price on the brie), and a small drugstore with vitamins, a baby section, and paper needs.  The F&E brand items are marked lower than the national brands and they stand behind their quality, saving you $$.  At checkout - you do your own scanning with your own conveyor belt. Beware - F&E makes shopping fun so you may end up with more in your cart than you needed. In order to celebrate their grand opening, I got a coupon book for $5 off when I spend $20 of more - there are four of them that can be used in weekly time windows. Check it out!
4	I had been going to Fresh and Easy since it opened when I lived in Mesa. When I moved to Scottsdale I was super disappointed that there were none in the area, but now there is!  This is a great market to go to for a quick trip.  It can't replace all your grocery shopping needs, but has some specialty items that I can't live without... such as their hummus, pretzel chips, fresh raviolis and pizza dough.  They also have a nice selection of premade meals that can serve 1-2 people if you're in a hurry.  Overall,  I have been very pleased with all their store brand products.   They also have a decent wine selection that is inexpensive.  The only downside is most of their produce and cold products have a relatively short shelf life.   If you live in the area, they also send out coupons in the mail for $3-5 off your next purchase, you just have to remember  to bring the coupon!
3	I love Fresh and Easy and I'm so happy that now I don't have to drive all the way to Mesa to go to one. My problem with this Fresh and Easy is that since it's brand new in an area where there hasn't been one before...Nobody knows how to shop at fresh and easy.The lines at this store are so much longer than any other one because everyone is just so confused at the concept of checking yourself out and bagging your own groceries. You'd think this idea would be simple for most but whenever someones checking out it almost always involves them frustrated and confused like a chicken trying to play checkers. Because of this the employees instantly step up to help you check out and usually it just creates more confusion since they come up in the middle of your transaction. That's not the stores fault but still, it makes me sometimes consider going to another Fresh and Easy to get my 99cent slab of tofu! Unless my cousins in town which means she'll insist that we go to this location so she can stalk some employee there named Justin whom she's madly in love with. She's a teenager, okay?I guess if you want eye candy...
4	If you haven't shopped at a Fresh and Easy, the simple way to describe the store is it's like Trader Joe's.  Only Fresh and Easy has a modern feel to it instead of the hippie co-op atmosphere. For being a relatively small store, it carries a very good selection at very reasonable prices.   The thing they're best known for is the prepared meals that are relatively healthy, and only take minutes to heat up. One of their best features is their reduced priced on perishable foods. Almost everyday you can get a great deal on steak, beef, chicken or fish that's a day away from its pull date. As long as you're not picky, it's well worth it. The biggest problem I have is with their produce. For a place with "Fresh" in its title. I've notice that fruits and vegetables I buy from Fresh and Easy tend to expire pretty fast.
5	Fresh & Easy is a delightful addition to the neighborhood. Love the prices, love the produce, and love the pre-made items. Not a huge fan of the meats here, but I'm weird about meat anyway, so that's all on me. I love that I can seamlessly shop and be secure knowing that the ingredients are worthy or serving to my precious little fam. What was life like before we knew about Fresh & Easy's peanut butter pretzels...hello? I love that items such as brussel sprouts, radishes, the pain in the rear to clean produce, is all neatly packaged and cleaned! I hear this location is the busiest in the state & one of the smallest. Great staff- We just love it!
2	I am an avid shopper of healthier food stores. Whole Foods, Trader Joes, and Sunflower are always on my list of go to places when I grocery shop. So, when a friend told me how great Fresh and Easy was I had to stop at the one down the road. Of course, I read the yelp reviews 1st so I was excited to go. I have to say, I was disappointed. Although very cheap, the quality of the produce was substandard. I can get better quality at Wal-Mart (not that I would.) I didn't try any of the "Easy" meals, as none of them looked appetizing, and to be frank, I can make healthier options at home. I did find a handful of cheaper versions of things I purchase at other stores, which was nice, but overall not worth the extra stop. The price was right but the quality wasn't up to my standards on most of their items. Fresh and Easy is a healthier option over a chain grocery store, but it is definitely not a cheaper version of the quality you get from the "healthier" grocery stores. A positive note: the staff here is very friendly and are always there to help.
2	I was very excited to see something nice move into this location.  Fresh and Easy is relatively inexpensive, but I'm always reminded that they don't accept coupons (they only accept their own coupons) or award a bag credit like most of the other grocery stores.I do like that they have a hybrid parking space right up front for me.Pros - This store attracts some really nice people to this rundown strip mall area.  Cons - Most of the produce here is neither Fresh nor Easy.  In fact, I've seen many items pass their expiration date while they're still on the shelf.
4	I will keep this short and sweet, since this is a grocery store.  I LOVE this place.  The food is cheap, the store is clean, the produce FRESH (hence the name), and the staff ultra friendly.  This place makes my grocery shopping experience pleasant and EASY (also, hence the name).  I'd recommend this place to anyone!
4	Very happy that this market opened. It is much more convenient than the grocery store: quick checkouts, easy to navigate, never crowded.  Great option when you are looking for a fast and healthy dinner.I wouldn't recommend for bulk or full scale grocery shopping.  The store simply isn't that large.  Also, for the pickier health nuts--the produce is middle of the road quality.  You can find better options at a whole foods, but then again you don't have to drive the extra miles or pay whole food prices. Warning: this is a busy corner and parking can sometimes be an issue at this location.
3	This place always reminds me of Las Vegas when I went to visit my douchebag. The atmosphere is sparing, which means you get more great deals and savings.They are a lot better than Fry's in terms of fresh deli selections that are healthy, yet I wish they had more options with tofu or tempeh. The egg salad sandwich is good, and I like how they give nutritional breakdowns and section things based on your dietary needs.While the prices are good, the fruit section is still a little sketchy. Grapes definitely weren't fresh when I bought them.
3	I thought this place was like a Carrs/Safeway but it is actually a healthy food store. The fruit and meat looked so delicious!! I'm not really into all things that are healthy but living in Alaska a lot of the produce and meat are not fresh. It did have a stench inside that really turned us off but other than that I will defiately be coming here to buy my fruit :-)
3	I love their cheapness. Their fish is about 1/2 the price of other grocery stores, or at least the ones I've been to. Their brand of cheetos are delicious too! The staff at this location are super helpful and nice, and F&E sends coupons all the time. The only things I don't like about this location are: 1. If you go around 5-6pm on a weekday it is crammed with d-bags who don't know how to shop. They like to block aisles while they chit chat. 2. They seem to almost always run out of the best bread (German Rye) and the big bottles of Mango Lemonade. 3. Their pizza sucks. At least the frozen kind does anyway. It literally tasted worse than cardboard, and I tried two different kinds (of pizza, not cardboard).
5	Fresh & Easy (or as I like to call it: Fresheezy) offers the best grocery experience. First off, the store is small enough to roam through every aisle without wasting an hour. It's only stuff you need, not that crap you find at a typical Safeway or Bashas. I hate those toys they hang in every aisle and on the ends of aisles at normal grocery stores. I love that the Fresh & Easy brands automatically don't have preservatives or colors in them. And for the most part I have found them to be just as good, if not better, than the name brands. The Fresheezy Greek yogurt is quite tasty and makes for a wonderful dessert. My entire spice cabinet is Fresheezy and I love it. A while back they had them all 50% off so I stocked up on pretty much one of everything. I also love their ready to heat and eat meals, mango chicken is the best! The best part about Fresheezy is the friendly and helpful staff. I've always had the best experiences with the people who work here. Despite this store being called a "monster" by comparison to other Fresheezy stores in Arizona i've never seen it overly crowded. In fact, I don't ever recall having to wait for a register ever. Again, the staff here are so great. They are awesome about letting you know when coupons are available and they are always friendly. I do all my shopping here, except for the things I get from the Scottsdale Farmers Market. And I haven't even mentioned the great way Fresheezy runs their buisness. From the way they occasionally have coupons for free bags to promote reusable bags to how they don't bother with flare so we as customers don't have to pay for it. Although I would like to see them eleminate plastic bags all together. Even when i'm forced to go to the local Bashas to buy electricity I don't even bother looking around. Fresheezy may not be the least expensive or have everything your average shopper "needs" however I will continue to shop there exclusively because I believe they have good values.
5	F&E is a godsend, especially If you're single. Perfect portions, healthy food, no weird freaky ingredients... Basically everything is fresh & everything is easy. I can't say enough good things about them!!!P.S.Their milk chocolate covered almonds are monumental!
3	I always feel weird shopping there, like I get looked at all crazy. Proces are kinda high, but I get very specific items there that I cant really get anywhere else so its worth it
4	This is the most convenient grocery store I have ever been to!I've been coming here more often because it's adjacent to my gym, and I can be in and out in a hot new york minute.Everything is geared towards the single guy. Portioned out just right. Prepared foods are delicious and ready to take home, heat, and eat.The produce, for the most part, comes in convenient bags, so when you go home, you don't have a fridge full of wasted food. The salads are nice, fresh and easy (get it?). Also, if you like cheese, they have a fantastic selection of cheddars, bries, and such. The other day, I picked up an English Cheddar made with carmelized onion marmalade. It paired well with a hoppy IPA (Hop Ottin IPA was my choice). The prepared foods section: Some of the items are healthier than others, but if you use your good judgement, you'll be fine. The caprese pasta is a hit. Also, the buffalo chicken salad pasta is sure to turn you on.My favorite part of this store is the fresh chicken and turkey! Everything is fresh, and has a nice healthy color to it, unlike what I've seen at Sunflower and Sprouts. Occasionally Trader Joe's is guilty of this too.Another big plus to this store, is the self checkout lanes. You don't need to deal with store employees, but the few that are in the store are very friendly and helpful.Often times, they are just there to help bag your groceries.
4	This is one of my regular shopping destinations for multiple reasons: think spare and progressive; think hip and tasty proprietary products no other stores carry. Think great savings whenever you can pick up one of their $5 off $25 or $10 off $50 coupons.Their name brand food items are what shine, for me. Their hummus and salsas are hard to beat. They also have great, unique selections on chips, crackers, drinks, cheeses, dinner items (they make a great pizza), nuts and meats. They also have this jalepeno sourdough loaf that I'm just plain addicted to. Their juices are good, but $4.99? Yipes! Pricier than Sunflower. I did notice on my last trip here a couple of days ago that the prices have gone up (!?) And, their produce selection is kind of mediocre. Sprouts, Sunflower, Fry's, and Safeway all beat them.Another great thing is that they have a discount shelf where you can find all sorts of yummy things for slashed prices. Self-checkout is good...Thanks, F&E!
4	If you're planning a party, Fresh & Easy is your place to stop for munchies.  All their produce is fresh and quick to make party snacks. I stop in here for some quick munchies and some easy pre-made meals.
3	I usually go here three or so times a week as I live 1/2 a mile away!I like their wine selection. Lots of cheap bottles, some good, some not so good. It's not as great as TJ's wine selection, but for how close they are I don't mind! Their produce is kinda lacking. Their salads and lettuce and usually pretty soggy, and I no longer buy them because I'm afraid of getting e coli. Eek!Their breads are decent, and their breakfast foods and desserts are pretty delicious, although totes unhealthy. Their microwave single serve meals aren't the best, but if you're ever in a bind for time or need to feed a single 20 something guy they come in pretty handy!Their selection of cold beverages are very nice, lots of juice and coconut water and energy drinks for a reasonable price.All in all this store is pretty convenient for last minute grocery shopping, or to pick up an ingredient or two for dinner. They could improve on their amount of employees at the check out. It is self checkout, but if you're buying booze they need to check our Id and enter it in, and there's been times where I've had to wait for a while, or track someone down to check it.Everyone that works here is super friendly tho! And everyone keeps saying that they are owned by Walmart?? But their website says their owned by Tesco. I don't know if Walmart owns Tesco? Either way I guess it doesn't really matter since Tesco is the Walmart of the UK anyway...
4	I don't know which annoys me even more: the fact that we have no Fresh & Easy's on the east coast or that the entire time I was there I kept singing Fresh & Easy Fresh & Easy  Fresh & Easy  to the tune of Black and Yellow.They have their own version of wine similar to Trader Joes three buck chuck-fabulousness!
4	Ive gotta say, after a few years of the community getting used to the idea of a fresh and easy....this location is much better! n
2	The SMELL!  WHAT THE HELL!?!?So this is my first foray into Fresh/Easy shopping and I was met with an overwhelming smell of....something.  Maybe it was coincidental and client-based.  Maybe it was something outside.  But all I could think was OMG is that the produce or meats they're selling??I ended up getting some packaged fresh green beans and a Thai rice heat and serve meal.  Both were fine (hence the extra star), but the odd smell will certainly keep me away in the future, at least from this location.
4	I always forget this location is here, but when my memory is sparked, I'm happy it's here! This Fresh & Easy is like all the others, but the locations is convenient for Scottsdale residents. This is a good spot to find a quick ready-made-meal and healthy (yet reasonably priced). It's perfect for a snack, a meal or groceries!
5	I love Fresh and Easy. They have great to go items like ready made salads and other dishes that you can heat and serve. It is all organic and healthy without all the additives. I love the Moroccan Ice tea and their other drink selections.
5	Check the dollar store next door first for your fruits and veggies. Always come here with yr 5 dollar off coupon
2	I went back.And it still smells.
5	The staff here at Fresh & Easy are so helpful and amazing!  Every time I have a question or need assistance, someone is there readily!  The quality of food is amazing and the store is super clean!
5	This store saved me from starvation on this trip!Before heading out to the middle of nowhere for two weeks AKA Globe/San Carlos, AZ, my colleague and I stocked up on fresh produce and other goodies like we were preparing for a natural disaster.While filling up our cart with the basic food staples, I was stoked to find that they sell unpasteurized orange juice! If I remember correctly, it might also cost less than the unpasteurized oj at Trader Joe's.But the real highlight of this shopping adventure, I found that they sell packets of Justin's Nut Butter for $0.79!!! http://www.justinsnutbutter.com Yay for vegan-nutella! :)This visit makes me wonder why I don's shop at the Fresh & Easy stores in L.A.
4	Convenience is king here - not a huge selection but small portions and pre-prepared dinners make it a favorite. They also stock healthier fresher alternatives than a typical grocery store.
4	I enjoy shopping here midday, when I'm nearly the only person in the store and I feel I have first dibbs on the newly reduced goodies at the end of the refrigerated section.  Staff is always helpful, clientele is typically young professionals on-the-go.
5	We almost exclusively grocery shop at Fresh & Easy.  Excellent options for organic, cage free, all natural as well as the bigger brand name products and produce.  This is a mid-size neighborhood place with friendly staff, ready-to-heat fresh meals and a right-sized selection of products.  A superior experience to the larger stores.
5	I love this place!  The service is always extremely friendly, its a quick & easy place to shop & the food is really good.  You can always find coupons online or in the weekly ads in the mail.  Yesterday I went shopping & spent $102.  I had a $3 coupon & when I tried to use it I realized it was expired.  The lady bagging the groceries came over & said oh hold on a sec, she came back & scanned two $8 coupons bringing my total to $84!  She had no reason to do this but did & it saved me some money & was incredibly thoughtful.  Even though this place is a little more expensive than most grocery stores I will always shop here because of the freshness of the food & the awesome staff they have!
2	Went looking for a place to buy some fresh stuff to eat so I didn't gorge on all the great restaurant offerings in Phoenix and stopped here. We have these in Vegas, but I'd never actually been in one as I have my own personal fave grocery stores where I live. I don't think I'll be back unless Vegas does it differently.You walk in and the place feels kind of old and grungy. The fruit and vegetable selection is small, but fresh looking.Walked down the first aisle and came to the food that was about to expire, it looked like a dump. I was mortified and quickly moved on. Still had that dirty feel all through the store. I really like that they have separate sections like American, Mexican, etc. The portion sizes are just right and I got some soup, Potato Chowder, that was really delicious and a great price, too. I picked up some grapes that weren't great, but they were seedless. Had a few and the taste was okay, but more than a few tasted off and most were really soft. I like firm grapes, what can I say? Picked up a nice bottle of some wine that I like. They have a decent selection at modest prices. They have a lot of ready-to-eat meals, but really the store isn't that impressive.This is the part that really hacked me. Got to the check-out line, I guess they don't have cashiers. Waited and waited for someone to come verify my age over the wine. Finally got there, but there was something wrong with my product not being off the belt so it was making this ridiculous racket. A really rude woman came over and told me to get my purse off the conveyor belt that WASN'T moving, when I went to pick it up she did something that turned it back on so my purse spilled out everything in it as it was going down. I asked her to stop the belt and she said she couldn't because my purse was on it. Right. I wish I could get it off but you turned the freaking belt on, rude lady.Anyway, wouldn't return. I disliked the attitude here and the store just is small and gross looking.
5	Love F&E!!! I can't buy everything I need there but they had the majority of what I need. I really like the discount section (it may be disorderly but it is a discount section)...always stock up on meat and freeze it. Also, I like that I can bring my grocery bags there and they recycle them because we cannot recycle them through our service at home. Make sure you sign up for the Friends card. You receive an email that always has an $8 off $40 coupon plus they are now sending you coupons based off of your purchases. I bought $72 worth of food (meat), mostly from the discount section, and with that coupon and a couple others I only paid $32. Can't beat that!!
4	My neighborhood F&E is like every other F&E in the valley. So no complaints. It can't beat the Sprouts up on Camelback, but this place is closer so this is where I usually go for healthier fresher options. I'm still dreaming of a Whole Foods to be built in the area, but this will do till that day happens.
5	The hummus is to die for. I love the preservative-free food. It is easy to find a lot of healthy options at great prices.
4	THis place is going out of business - it was nice b/c they had some pretty cool pre-cooked meals. I used my reward card to get some pretty nice free stuff.  I have to say that it was way more affordable than most of the other stores and I'm going to miss them.
5	So I absolutely LOVE F&E! I was beyond ecstatic to move from AZ to Cali and have a location down the street from me. With news of this fabulous chain closing all stores in the US I was devastated. But thank my lucky stars they were recently bought out and are staying in the US. I have yet to be to any location of F&E and have a bad experience. They have the most amazing customer service, I swear its a requirement of all locations to have a top-notch crew working in their stores! I can go on and on about how awesome the customer service is but the best part of this amazing market is the awesome deals. They always the the freshest produce and the lowest prices in town! You can beat the 98 cent produce section. Yes you heard right they have packages of fruit, veggies and other awesome select foods for only 98cents!! Another reason I love F&E is the clearance section! When food throughout the store is getting close to the sell date on the packages the F&E staff reduces the price to almost more than half if not 70-80% off some products. This is the place to go if you are planning on having a large BBQ or small family dinner. I have found steaks for only 5$ and they were HUGE! They also have awesome deals on beer and wine (often have a buy one get one for 1cent on wine). This is my favorite market hands down! You cant beat the awesome deals and customer service!! Oh and they also give back to the community so this is another reason I choose the Amazing Fresh and Easy!Just  little side note.... If this review is ever seen by the owners of Fresh and Easy  I have one piece of advice for you... REDBOX REDBOX REDBOX! if you guys were able to get a contract with red box you would be a golden child!!! I swear that you would up your sales greatly because your customers would have everything they need all in one place, they only time I don't come to your store and choose a different market is because I want to grab a quick movie at redbox; therefore I take my business elsewhere where I can get all I need at one location (which send pains down my spine because I love giving you my business) I know many of your loyal customers agree with me on this. :)  Love you fresh and easy! Keep up the awesome work!
1	Not enough produce! Smells like fish inside too.
4	I live right by this Fresh & Easy so I come here all the time. I like that it's kind of small and you can just run in and run out. They are always running good deals and they have lots of coupons they send out (probably the only place I actually keep the coupons and bring them in). They had Buddha beer, which I love, and their salmon is delicious. They have a good wine selection and lots of cheap options. Also, their lemon hummus is bomb. Overall, a great little grocery store but they don't have a lot of the main stream stuff that you'll find somewhere like Frys.
4	I love F&E, but this location needs to work a little bit on their customer service. Usually, I walk in, and the workers don't greet me. So, I greet them. I went in yesterday, and I said bye to the workers, and was ignored again. What is that all about? When I ask about their products, nobody knows. I asked if their non-organic produce has pesticides or GMO's and they told me something like, the owner says you will be fine if you get non-organic bananas. Another employee said something like, I don't know, but I wouldn't eat the non-organic produce. So, although their customer service needs a little work, and although my questions weren't answered, I love F&E! They have great deals on certain items, they are very close to my house, and they have a lot of reasonably priced organic items!
4	Small grocer feel, which is nice. Obviously if you're looking for more you won't find it here. Just the basics.I do love the pre-made dishes. Need a pizza? They have a great selection of tasty options. Stuffed chicken breast? Potato encrusted tilapia? It's nice to stop on after work and grab something delicious and easy to make at home.Service is hardly noticed, but in a grocery store, who cares? I didn't come here to have you play 21 questions about which rice is better. I don't go every day, but when I do, I leave satisfied.
1	It pains me to write this review. When Fresh & Easy opened its doors in AZ I loved them. I did most of my grocery shopping at the store. The produce, ready-made meals and baked goods were great. It was more like the European way of shopping and that may also have been their downfall. Ever since the company was sold to an American company a few months back, the place has lost much of its appeal. Prices have gone up, and quality has gone down. Variety of quality goods has greatly diminished. This store (the one on Thomas and Hayden) smell so bad when you walk in, and even worse around the bakery case. This is not the case at the Camelback store. Why can't this be fixed?Last night was probably the last time I set foot in the store. We went to get food and wine for a special dinner. The wine selection had gone from a whole isle to about 1/3 of the size and at least 1/2 of the wines had labels "temporarily out of stock." The food we wanted and used to be a staple was either out of stock or no longer sold at the store. It was pathetic. We actually left the store and went to Safeway on Chaparral and Hayden.The staff in the stores used to be friendly and helpful, now the staff looks miserable and seem to care less about their jobs. The people working the store I shopped at most knew me by name, since the sale they seem to all have been replaced by younger and I suppose cheaper labor. Sorry Fresh and Easy. My love affair has ended. Its time to go elsewhere.UPDATE 4/7: Shortly after posting this review the Fresh and Easy Listening Team asked me to reach out to them. I sent them a message per their instructions. Almost a month has gone by and no response back. I guess no one is listening. Too bad!!!
4	This place is probably the only reason I get to eat much. I am a programmer and sometimes I have to buy food at 3 a.m.It is always open, and everything is always in order. Another thing that is really cool, is the a couple of the workers there always offer me low cost items and salads (organic) that are about to end their first day. Once a girl just gave them to me, which was about 20 bucks in food. Great place. - R
2	I love the food and do most of my shopping at fresh and easy. However this store smells soo bad when you walk in. I prefer driving to another one then shopping at this location. Why can't this be fixed.
3	Is this a big convenience store or a very small market? It is not priced like a convenience store and does not have that atmosphere. Overall it does not have the friendliness of a small store. Selection and pricing is okay. It is all self checkout and it can be truly frustrating Self checkout anywhere else is not regularly annoying. Some employees are cold and employees make or break a small store.
