1	Hickman's eggs....not so much. You can find them at Basha's as a local egg product. I can't say I'm proud to use this local product. In fact, I don't use this product at all, the production of this product disgusts me.  The problem with the eggs is the way they are produced. Hickman's has 4,000,000 - yes 4million- caged birds.It keeps over 200,000 in the barns at this farm, alone. The city of Chandler has about the same population. The cage is as big as a sheet of paper, so if you are a chicken, you won't be moving around too much, in fact not at all. Though the chickens are packed in tight, there is no fighting. Because, the Hickmans see to it that the chickens' beak is snipped off, to ensure they don't peck each other. So, there you are, sitting on a wire mesh the size of a piece paper, with a raw beak, producing eggs for 2 years until you're put to death. Now, this is the plight of the female chickens, you don't want to know what happens to male chickens, I find it impossible to buy Hickamn eggs knowing this is how they are produced. Hickman's could just as easily convert their operation to uncaged but as Hickman will tell you, that's bad economics. I'll spend the extra and avoid Hickman''s, you should do the same.
5	Hickman's Egg Ranch provides the freshest and highest quality eggs you can buy in Arizona. I always look for and buy Hickman's Eggs. They taste amazing scrambled, over easy, poached or in your favorite recipes. They have been a family owned and operated farm since 1944. They employ the latest in animal husbandry and food safety practices, feed the highest quality feeds to their hens, and ship the best eggs money can buy. The Hickman's also donate hundreds of thousands of eggs to food banks and other charities. Support local. Support family farms. Hickman's Eggs!
1	Unfortunately, I bought one box at CostCo in the city I live in, and after reading the review from Christy, I will never again buy eggs from this farm, they caged their birds and put them in extremely small areas all four million of them after they mutilate their beaks so they won't peck at each other, looks to me the only thing these folks are interested in is just make a lot of money and have zero regard or compassion for the birds! I rather pay more money and buy eggs from a farm where they raise free range chickens!
