1	Nice guys,  but the painters do not know what they are doing and their "satisfaction guarantee" and "guarantee for two years" is worthless.  There is no one to back it up and the "franchise" that we used could not have cared any less.  We are very unhappy with the quality of workmanship - things are worse than before they came.  We have used students in other cities and never had a problem - I think someone needs to offer these kids some training, can't just give them a  brush and paint and send them out to do a job.  Very disappointing - we support student services whenever possible but would not go near these guys again.
1	As the name indicates, not professional and they do not know their job , they are still training. They clean and paint rooted wood instead of replacing it. When we complained about something they threaten . Rude language with the customer, no manners what so ever. The job was supposed to be done in 2 weeks and it took 5weeks. The price was not very competitive so for more few dollars it is really worth it to hire professionals.
1	I wish I could give negative stars. What a terrible terrible experience. We had Roxanne as our contractor, and she comes in with all these big promises and guarantees. Said everything would be done in 3 days. Fired her at 5 weeks. The house is still not done. her team did not tape anything off, so there is paint EVERYWHERE!! on my walls, floors, cupboards, switches and counters and even my floors. There is so much paint on my floor that scraping it off will be a waste of time, and I will have to paint my floors to hide her incompetence. Terrible job, and despite it not being done, she at no point stopped harassing us for the entire balance. 2 weeks into her "3" day job she went on a 10 day vacation, while my house just sat there. I spoke with her OWN employees, who had plenty of stories about other unhappy ripped off customers. Stay away from this company, and especially this idiot of a contractor at all costs. Unless you like throwing money away for no reason, and having a house that looks like it could've been painted by toddlers.
