5	The owners are fabulous!  They are very knowledgeable and can help you find foods that meet your vegan/gluten free etc. diet.  They have cute gifts and lots of stuff from local artisans.  Love the eco-friendly stuff!  Definitely the place to be in plaza-midwood!
5	This is a fantastic addition to Plaza Midwood. The store is across the street from the Penguin and next to Shine. It is an old house and easy to miss if you aren't being alert.It is adorable. This is the best place to find local/organic gifts and treats. I bought the most adorable earrings for $8 from "Not Made in China". The candles are fantastic. You can find items from baby stuff to household cleaners that are environmentally friendly to knick knacks to vegan friendly food/treats. Most of my holiday shopping will be done here.Also, consider becoming friends with them on FB. They seem to always be doing something exciting- from walking around/working out in Plaza Midwood in 80's gear, hosting a FROCK shop (traveling trunk show) or playing live music.  They always seem to be supporting other local businesses, musicians and artists. I am really hoping that ecolicious becomes another piece of the fabric of Plaza Midwood (possibly the cheesiest sentence that I have ever written on Yelp- but so true). This is how community happens- when local businesses get involved in their neighborhoods. The community-driven geek in me absolutely loves it.
5	stumbled upon this gem my 1st day in Charlotte.... cruelty free, eco-friendly products that let you feel like Gandhi with ever conscious clearing purchase!  Marley, the owner, could not be more friendly and helpful! They have tons of great products including local, organic, and vegn! Great place to pick up a baby shower gift or gift for yourself!
4	I came here when it first opened, and almost got a chance to be FTR but I was buying gifts and I didn't want my friend to see my Yelp review before his present got there. But that's been a couple months ago so I think I'm safe. I can see some major holiday shopping money being spent in here. Not only do they carry vegan, cruelty-free products, but there are handmade goods from local vendors (Not Made In China, for one) and just cool things in general. I also hear they've just added a refrigerated section, so now I've got to go check that out. I spied a jar of vegan hazelnut spread that my Nutella-craving tongue is eager to try.I was able to load up on some vegan yummies for my friend who lives on the West coast, and received good reviews from him. I actually found so many things that I had trouble deciding, and I had to put back a few things for myself that snuck their way into my hands- another day, Jane. The owner couldn't have been nicer, and helped me dig through the cookies to find the flavor I wanted.This is definitely my new favorite niche store in Charlotte.
4	Don't get confused...this is not a restaurant. I think I was focused on the "licious" part and paired with my hunger pains, well, I convinced my husband to stop here. Maybe it was my sub-conscious inner shopper in me because I didn't mind holding off dinner to peruse this little shop (while my husband on the other hand, bee-lined for the cozy couch).First of all, cool that it is locally owned. Second, it is stocked full of eco-friendly products. Third, they offer some vegan, gluten-free items. Win. Win. Win.If you have a heart for supporting local and eco-friendly products, make sure to stop here. Just to name a few things...there is a room dedicated for children's toys and apparel. If you have a chef on your gift list, they have bottles of infused cooking oil. If you have a special fashionista in mind, there are plenty of jewelry and handmade brooch accessories. And if you can get away with giving eco-friendly cleaning products (or bug repellant) without sending the wrong message, you can get that here too. For that guy that loves his hot beverage, handmade pottery mugs line a wall. Lastly, quirky pins with rebellious phrases are a plenty...gifts for most everyone!
4	Eco-Licious is that really cool and quirky store filled with vegan love. Jewelry, cleaning supplies, food/snacks, pet goods, baby gear, candles and more! It's hard to classify what type of store it is but I would say it's as a vegan gift and home goods store with edibles. The folks here are very cognizant of shoppers' food sensitives and stock their eats accordingly! I found the candles particularly delightful. You'll find scents like ginger, spruce, and vanilla. And you'll want to eat said 100% soy candles because they smell so good! My spruce candle was $9.95...plus when you bring back the container you'll receive $1 off your next candle purchase.Drop by this sweet little store and peruse the goods! Don't forget to bring your own shopping bag. Be sure to say hello to Henry, the precious shop dog!
4	Great little place that is definitely a welcome ally in the new vegan way of life we've adopted. For now, we are just focused on the food aspect and while there is not a huge selection of food, they did have several things we needed. Vegan parmesan cheese, veganaise, Daiya cheese, and i can't wait to try the twinkie looking thing. Besides the stuff they were selling, the owner was super friendly and really helpful to talk to. There are hopes for a freezer section in the future which would be cool. Across the street from the Penguin, i'm sure we'll be checking back soon.
4	Took a trip to this gem of Noda to find some wedding gifts for my eco-friendly neighbor. I had a ball...it's a fairly small shop but I still had to walk around 3-4 times to absorb everything. Marley was very helpful and sweet. My neighbor was very happy with her gifts and I scored some things for myself including one of the amazing candles. You can also recycle wine corks and lightbulbs there which will find their way to becoming something incredible. Great shop!
5	What a gem!!  How great to have a store where - if you're a vegan - you don't have to read labels!!!   A very eclectic and interesting selection of food, clothing and accessories, things for the home and gifts. Even if you're not vegan you'll probably love everything in here too - environmentally and animal friendly AND delicious!!  Marley, one of the owners, is so nice and helpful and also so knowledgeable about the food and other goodies  -  everything they have is great because they have TRIED it all!! At other natural food places in town, you just never know.It really couldn't get any better unless  1) they had a cafe or restaurant and made their own food,  2) it was a lot bigger, and 3) I lived next door!   (and Henry the dog is a sweetie pie too!)
4	I am proud to have Ecolicious in my neighborhood.  It is stocked with local goods and vegan food.  They carry everything from Pretty Baby Soap to handmade scarves and repurposed clothing.  I go here on a weekly basis to pick up my CSA share.  Marley, the owner, has a warm and gentle demeanor, and helpfully makes suggestions when asked about the products.  Recently, she recommended an eggplant entree from Nourish when I needed something for lunch.  Marley was spot on with her recommendation;  one can see that she uses her products and believes in them.  I foresee great things for this store's future....perhaps expansion or multiple locations!
5	This a great little shop with amazing service. I came here because I saw Eco-licious listed on the Punk Rawk Labs vegan cheese website. I thought it would be a coop grocery store, but it is more of a shop with some food items (which might be why the food is taxed - unless all groceries in NC are taxed.)While I was there, I was able to find other rare vegan items that I had heard of but never had because buying them online is so expensive or requires you to purchase a whole case. In addition to the PRL cheese, I got two Chreese packets, OrgraN egg replacer (which is product I have ever seen which will make vegan meringue) , some vegan jerky from Kentucky and a vegan vodka sauce. The food section is small, so I am confident that they are only carrying the very best items.When I mentioned I would be taking the cheese on a long drive back to Buffalo, she offered me two freezer packs, no charge, to help preserve my investment on the way home. She also gave me several restaurant recommendations, which I greatly appreciated.I love that she has a collection of fancy shopping bags of various sizes from various stores that she reuses for her customers if you didn't bring your own bag.A must shop store for local vegans and those just passing through.
