5	I could not be happier with Velvet Waxing Studio!!  Wow!  From the moment I stepped in the front door, I immediately felt a sense of "ahh..."  It is small and intimate with a great decor.  I was asked if I wanted some strawberry water while I waited.  I have had waxes from 3 out of the 4 women at one time or another.  Each woman is considerate, respectful, friendly, and totally puts you at ease.  Each gave recommendations to help afterwards.  I highly recommend going to Velvet Waxing Studio if you are a first time waxer or have been waxed for years!  You will not be disappointed!
5	This place was having a spring break special-- $35 for a bikini wax--- not bad! Booked an appointment online with Kylene. The salon was really close to campus, right off of State St and I showed up was immediately offered water w/strawberries in it. Nice touch. Also of note: conciliatory chocolate bowl. Kylene was super friendly, I told her what I wanted and that I was pretty novice. The whole wax took about 15 minutes, and Kylene talked me through it. She was pro for sure and the wax was the least painful I've had yet. Turned out great! Definitely going back. Great wax. Super reasonable prices. Really close to campus. Awesome!
5	I went to Velvet Waxing Studio for the spring break bikini wax special.  I made my reservation online which was really quick and easy.  Kylene did my wax and she was awesome!  It was the quickest and least painful bikini wax I've had.  It's obvious that she knows what she's doing.  Velvet gives high-end salon services for reasonable prices; not to mention the studio is located right off state street.  I have recommended this place to a handful of friends and we're all planning to go back!
5	I have been going to Maryna for brazillion waxing for two years and have only had great experiences! The look of this salon is so unique and fun and the location in the downtown Madison area is very convenient! I would recommend this salon to any of my friends!
5	This place is awesome and I'm glad I found it!  Good location, wonderful and talented staff, affordable services.  I have and will be back many times!  Underarm, brazillian, and leg waxes!
5	I had my first wax there today w/ Kylene and it was a great experience!  Great location downtown (close to parking ramp and even street parking if you are lucky).  The salon was clean and inviting.  So glad I found it and will definitely be back!  I absolutely love the online booking!
4	The service was friendly and professional. Very good price for a Rio/French (so close to a full, I don't think I'll switch back!) Best thing is that she trimmed me up before waxing. The only complaint was that I couldn't tell if the linens were just stained or used. She put a towel over the area I was laying, but still left me wondering...
5	Women of Madison, your waxing woes are over! Velvet Waxing Studio is here to meet all of your hair removal needs. The space itself is just gorgeous (and believe me, I was predisposed not to like it since it moved into the space occupied by my former favorite boutique, The Patricia Shoppe). Not only is the environment darling, the little extras go a long way. Upon entering the salon, you'll be asked whether you'd like a fresh flavored water. So far, I've had cucumber, strawberry and pomegranate. All were refreshing. Upon the conclusion of your appointment, you'll be offered a free piece if chocolate. Oh, and then there's the appointment itself. Everyone here is a waxing expert, though Maryna is especially good. My advice: if you're given the choice, try the hard wax. It'll change your life. All in all, a wonderful new addition to the Madison spa scene.
5	I would highly recommend velvet waxing studio. I had my first visit 10/01/11 for a little waxing and the service was great. I had an appointment with Megan and she was super nice.  She was quick and did a great job.  She aslo made me feel every comfortable. Thank You Velvet waxing studio :)
5	After years of cheap/horrible waxing from nail salons and such, and some bad bouts with eyebrow threading, i thought my brows were ruined forever.  They were thinner than I wanted and shaped all wrong.  TWO visits to Velvet Waxing studio, and they are perfect!  I cannot believe what a difference it makes to go to real pros - even my mom complimented my brows (tough critic) and said they haven't looked this nice in years.  Makes the $20/brow wax charge totally worth it!  The salon is very welcoming and has a great vibe to it.  I'm a Velvet addict - thanks Maryna!
5	Love Velvet! Megan has been doing my brows for years and I was so excited when I found out she had opened Velvet! The location is wonderful and charming, everybody that works there is professional and friendly, and the prices are completly reasonable! I wont go anyplace else!! Oh and for those busy women out there, you will really appreciate the online booking!
5	obsessed with this place. love the ambiance of the place, and haven't had this good of an eyebrow wax in a long time. they have 2 different types of wax, so if you have sensitive skin like mine it's great. they also introduced me to tinting, and my eyebrows have never looked better!
5	I just moved back to Madison from living in LA and was bummed out to come back to no where good to go for waxing. Velvet is the answer to any of my previous waxing woes.Best wax ever! I went to Maryna and she was so quick and extremely thorough and at the end of the appointment she said, "look everything over and if you want me to fix anything, let me know." That's amazing! I've never had a esthetician say that before. Needless to say, nothing needed to be fixed.The facility is super clean and so pretty and welcoming.Park in the ramp on Carol and just walk around the corner.I honestly can not say enough good things!
5	Wonderful experience! These girls are fantastic at what they do! SO glad I found them!
5	Velvet is wonderful. I bought a Groupon for a service there last fall, and have been going regularly since then. Tracy is amazing - she listens to what customers want, and executes it perfectly. The waxing itself is also about as painless as it can realistically be. She's also great to talk to, and an extremely insightful person. She's definitely made the typical 30-45 minute waxing session way more interesting and fun!The whole space is clean, hip, and comfortable. Online booking is easy and reliable, though you can book by phone or in person as well. After going to Velvet, I don't plan to ever go back to getting my eyebrows done in the back of a nail salon.
5	I love this place!  I have been to many other spas/salons and this is the best!  1. They do a great job.  I generally see Megan, and she is awesome.  However, once she had to miss my appointment, so I saw Maryna instead.  She was just as great!  2. Super affordable.  Salon/spas are probably 15-25% more expensive than Velvet.3.  Service is great.  Megan will do her best to squeeze me in or move my appointment if I need to.  They value their clients and are super accomodating!4. The studio itself is adorable!  Super chic and fun.  I wish I could move in!  I recommend Velvet to anyone in Madison looking for a good waxing experience, you won't be disappointed!
5	If you need waxing done, RUN, do not walk to Velvet Waxing Studio. I went to Anaala Spa at Hilldale because I needed a last-minute appointment and regretted every moment (long, painful, not thorough at all). I will never leave Velvet again! I have been getting bikini waxes for almost a decade and Velvet is hands-down the best, most cost-effective, most professional studio/salon/spa I have been to.  I always see Megan, who is extremely friendly, very experienced and does Brazilians super-fast and with the least pain I have ever experienced.  Bonuses: online appointment-booking and ultra-luxe space.  Thank you Velvet!
5	Top class service from the moment I walked in. The ambiance was welcoming. The young lady that worked with me was very effective and timely with her work. She took very good care of me from start to finish. The end result was phenomenal.
2	I was sort of reluctant to write a bad review because Velvet is so cute and convenient -- I really, really wanted to like it. But I felt compelled to write a review because my eyebrow wax at Velvet was the worst I've ever gotten -- and I have huge eyebrows so I've gotten loads of eyebrow waxes. To be fair, I've had a problem with skin being torn off in the past. I usually treat it like no big deal because it happens relatively frequently and it's usually just a thin patch right under my eye. So I'm aware that it's a possibility whenever I get a wax, and I'm usually pretty cool about it. But what happened at Velvet was just unacceptable. The wax took off the top layer of skin under one eye, and half the skin under another. The wax was apparently down bizarrely close to my eye -- way beyond where I've ever had eyebrow hair. It hurt like hell and I've had to wear my thick-rimmed glasses for days so that nobody will be suspicious. It's still red and I'm terrified it'll scar. Basically my point is this: if you have sensitive brows or if you've had a problem with skin being torn off in the past, I just wouldn't go here.
4	I have been looking for a place to get my eyebrows done in Madison since I started school here in 2009. After a few bad experiences, I thought I would be stuck doing it myself. But then, my roommate suggested I try Velvet Waxing Studio, and I loved it! The overall atmosphere of the studio is great. I felt like my "waxer" really took her time and wanted me to look good. I will definitely be going back; in fact, I am making an appointment for this week!
5	I moved to Madison and heard about Velvet through a friend. She recommended Maryna and I have to say, #1 what a great friend and #2 Maryna is AWESOME. What exactly do you mean by 'awesome', you might ask? She is quick, friendly, funny, and thorough. These encounters (read: brazilian waxing) are oftentimes awkward, uncomfortable, etc. but Maryna does her job and does it WELL. You're still going to feel pain but it will be over before you know it. The prices are slightly higher than what I'm used to paying back home but with service that excellent, I didn't even bat an eye.
3	One of the biggest reasons I won't go back for a brazilian is that the walls are not floor to ceiling.  I just can't get past the fact that I can hear everything going on outside and they can hear me.  I love the business name though!
5	I am no stranger to brazilians, and was nervous to try a new salon after moving away from milwaukee (I was a regular at high brow in Whitefish bay). However, Megan P did an awesome and insanely speedy job.  I was seriously done in like 15 minutes flat and she was extremely thorough.  I also appreciate the type of wax she used, a sort of hybrid between hard and soft - it was effective yet didn't yank much at all.  Reasonably priced.  will be back!
5	I heard about Velvet through yelp and I absolutely love it (well, as much as you can love waxing). The staff is friendly and professional and EFFICIENT and the atmosphere is wonderful. I've been to other salons for a bikini wax and the estheticians can sometimes be awkward or rough- but because Velvet specializes in waxing, they really do a great job. AND they don't pressure you into buying anything for home care unless you ask, you can book your appointments online, and they even give you chocolate when you're finished! Highly reccommended
4	First off, I absolutely love the ease of their online booking functionality. I could choose my desired service and quickly see which waxers were available in the morning, afternoon, or evening. I always find electronic appointment making much more convenient because I don't have to run the risk of the other person on the phone getting the date/time/desired service wrong, so props to Velvet for getting this right!I showed up for my appointment and was quickly checked in and offered a seat in the waiting area. I'd signed up for a 10:45 slot with Megan, but I guess she was out for the day, because I got Brittany as my waxer instead. It wasn't like I really had any preference for a particular waxer since it was my first time at Velvet, but I was really looking forward to Megan's magical touch based on all the rave reviews below.However, I was very happy with the thorough job that Brittany did! Although she recommended more than just one week of outgrowth for underarm waxing, she happily did mine anyway because I told her I'd be moving out of state soon and would rather have it done here where I'd found a reputable waxing studio. Overall, it wasn't particularly painful and Brittany even went back with tweezers and cleaned up anything the wax had missed. Like I said, thorough! She was speedy as well, and I was in and out in 10 minutes.I would be back for sure if I was going to be staying in the Madison area. Unfortunately, it seems like I'll be off again in search of a good waxing place in the tri-state area..
3	I went to Velvet after stopping in several weeks ago and talking to one of the waxers. I can't remember her name but she was blonde with dreadlocks. She was super nice and knowledgeable. I had been wanting to get my first Brazilian and finally mustered up the courage. Pam was my waxer, and she seemed nice and friendly enough. She talked me through the ordeal, which I can say was really not as bad as I'd anticipated. When she was done she went through with a tweezers and cleaned up a few places wax had missed. The place felt/looked clean and I didn't have any qualms about hygiene. Overall it was a pleasant experience, but it seems to be slightly different from others' experience there (at least according to all the Yelp reviews). I was not offered a mirror, but I saw it and used it after Pam left the room so I could change. I was also not offered chocolate after it was over, however I saw the dish and definitely took my own. When I got home I noticed there were a few places where it looked like the hair had broken off, so I cleaned those up with my own tweezers. I am not sure if that is normal, but some of them were in really noticeable places that I don't know how she could have not seen them. This being my first experience, I don't know whether that's normal or not. I would definitely go back there, but I will likely choose to see a different waxer.
5	Tracy B made the awkward process of bikini waxing as easy and pain free as possible. She is quick and thorough! The studio is very professional, clean and pretty!
5	I've been to Velvet twice now and have had a great experience each time. Online booking is super easy and convenient! Brittany is wonderful. She is fast and as painless as waxing can be. I was in and out in less than 10 minutes. The salon is small but cute. The rooms are small and definitely not sound proof but I didn't see that as a huge negative. The prices are reasonable, more expensive than a nail salon or other strip mall kind of place, but cheaper than a fancy spa. I will definitely be returning!
5	The most gentle wax I've ever had. Brittany is fantastic. Loved the ambiance. Had a Brazilian (not my first time) and it didn't hurt at all.
5	Velvet's waxing services are awesome. Brittany has given me 2 excellent (and thorough!) Brazilians. She was extremely professional and made me feel very comfortable during the appointment. It is well worth the price for the high quality service and not having to worry about hygiene issues.
5	Beautiful studio, courteous staff. I love the fact that they do waxing & nothing else. I've seen both Pam & Tracy, both were beyond awesome! They take the time to make you feel welcome & very comfortable! I had my first Brazilian here & it didn't hurt! Already have my next appointment set up, I won't go anywhere else ;) Try this wonderful studio & I guarantee you won't go anywhere else!
5	A wonderful experience every time. Online booking is easy and convenient!  The Velvet staff is professional, friendly, and do wonderful work.  They make clients feel very comfortable and the environment is warm and clean.  They do thorough work and can quickly get you in and out of the salon.  Prices are reasonable--some may find it a bit expensive but this is a case of you get what you pay for!  Always a good experience at Velvet!
5	I have always had excellent experiences at Velvet! The hot towels, makeup touch-ups using the ever-superior GloMinerals line and warm, friendly service are just extras. Maryna, whom I've been seeing for over a year now, is a truly talented esthetic professional. Nary a spare hair or ingrown bump to be found when she's done. Cannot recommend her or Velvet highly enough. The best waxes I've ever had.
4	I am very picky about my eyebrows. Velvet can definitely be TRUSTED to do a good job, so when you're at school don't be afraid to go to Velvet. That being said, they aren't nearly as good as my lady at home in Atlanta or the place I go when I am in Chicago (Floyd's on Milwaukee Ave).It's $18-$22 for brows plus tip.
5	Had a brow & Brazilian wax with Taj. Seriously the most painless, fast, and smooth wax I've ever had. I'm not from Madison, but I wish I was now bc this place is that awesome! Would recommend it to anyone!
5	Best place to get waxed in Madison..Hand down. The staff is always friendly. They are quick and the place is always spotless! Keep up the great work ladies!
5	It's a bit more pricey than most salons, but you get what you pay for. I'm so anal about my eyebrows, so it was nice to find a place I can trust! I've gone to multiple people at VWS, and they've all been great. They take their time and listen to what I want. When I felt nervous at first, they were conservative with my wax and then plucked any extra where I saw fit. They'll really tailor your experience to what you need. I am a regular customer now and will continue going back!And their online book system is so convenient.
4	Although I was pretty satisfied with my 'Velvet' wax, I paid 50% more than I typically pay for a much more thorough (and painless) wax with my esthetician in New York. Although everything looked fine when I left the studio, I did have to do further clean-up with a pair of tweezers when I got home. However, for the options in the area, I think that the Velvet estheticians are still some of the best.It helps that both waxers I have had so far have been friendly and conversational - which always makes dropping my pants in front of a complete stranger a little bit easier. Too soon?
5	Went here to get an underarm wax for my wedding and had a very lovely experience.Their storefront is unassuming, but the inside is very chic and welcoming.  The woman who did my waxing was very kind and professional, although she did make the mistake of assuming I was in for a brow wax (I get it, my eyebrows are fuzzy).However, all was forgotten with her quick and tidy waxing job, which was relatively painless and actually kind of relaxing.  She also gave me a complimentary trim and minor clean-up tweeze of the aforementioned fuzzy brows so I wouldn't have to do it myself.  Saved me some effort for the big day.The armpits were smooth and flawless for the big day, with no unpleasantness.  It was pretty much everything you could ask for from an armpit wax.
5	I go here for my bikini waxes with Taj (she's the bomb).  The waiting area is inviting, hip, and comfortable and the staff is always so friendly.  Another plus is the online booking... talk about convenient!
5	The staff is very friendly and professional. The place is very clean and welcoming. They were able to get me in right away. Megan did a wonderful job.
5	I have gotten Brazilians in NYC, the Los Angeles area, and the Twin Cities, and this was seriously the best experience I've ever had. It was the fastest, which does not necessarily equal good, but it was also the cleanest, least awkward, most comfortable, and most effective waxing I've ever had. Pam was great and made me feel at ease through the entire appointment. Combine great service with decent prices (not cheap, but I've paid more for less) and cute, clean, unassuming and vintage-chic surroundings and you have it made! I wish I'd discovered this place before I moved away. I may have to make an occasional trip back to visit Velvet. :)
5	Simply the best in Madison.  Always greeted with a smile and treated with the utmost professionalism.  Highly recommend seeing Tracy for anything and everything.
3	I got a brazilian wax here, after calling to see if there were any last minute cancellations. One of the pluses of this place is that they open pretty late in the evening. I had recently  moved away after discovering one of my favorite places in New York (Uni-K, a chain with lots of fans), I was looking for a similar place in Madison. This place is ok, but by comparison, the wax was about 20-30% more painful, not as thorough, and the regrowth happened much faster than I was expecting (less than 1 week some growth came back). I felt like there was more hair breakage than complete removal. The service was not bad, but I may try a few other places before coming back. Or maybe I will try a recommended esthetician. For now, I haven't found a good go-to place.
5	Love this place!  Quick, precise, as painless as I imagine you can get, and so very -professional.  Tracy has done some of the more obvious menu requests for me, as well as some special requests, too.  Don't be shy about asking if they can do it; they probably can and already have.
3	I recommended this place to a coworker and she loves it too! I went here for a few Brazilians within the last year, most importantly before my May wedding. I was very nervous, mostly about the pain and exposing my nether regions to a complete stranger, but Megan made the experience bearable! She makes it completely not awkward and encourages me (because I'm kind of a baby!) through every rip. I experience irritation with any kind of waxing but it goes down within a half a day and then I'm smooth as... Velvet... For about a week. I wish it would last MUCH longer for the price of this service, but I realize that's just my body and my high speed of hair growth :( I am marking off just because of that, but Megan is first rate. I wish Megan would have hours that worked better with my new with schedule since I'm hesitant to try anyone else! I would come here more often if my hair didn't grow so fast for the price and if I could see Megan!
