1	How does that saying go "Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, shame on me?"My Orthopedic is affiliated with this hospital, and I developed a problem with my shoulder.  Since I'd just seen my Orthopedic about my knees and hips, he wasn't readily available for another visit so soon.  Thus I chose, what I thought would be the next best thing;  the hospital he was affiliated with, thinking that all results would be readily available for my Orthopedic upon my next office visit and he'd be better able to make a diagnosis/treatment plant.First off let me say that this hospital and its parking lot is very small. it took me a minute to locate the Emergency Unit.  Once there, I had to play "musical windows" with the ER personnel processing paperwork.  The waiting area was very small and dark.  What began getting on my nerves, along with the shoulder pain, were the ER Admissions team making jokes with each other, and seemingly processing endless amounts of paperwork for ghost people.  When my name was finally called, I was told that my Orthopedic's On Call Physician wouldn't be able to see me.  Instead, I saw a Physician's Aid, who put me in an arm sling, wrote out prescriptions and sent me on my way???Later that month, I was admitted for Outpatient Surgery.  Long story short:  1) A Security Guard escorted me to an empty, dark lobby where I waited for the Outpatient Team to arrive.  Upon Admission (and I discovered days later after the surgery), I discovered that I'd been given another patient's paperwork.  2) Two nurses were unable to find a vein for the I.V. (after 10 sticks. Mind you I couldn't eat or drink before surgery) and the third nurse (who used an Ultrasound machine) dug that needle in so hard that I have a long streaked black and blue mark.  Overall, you can count all 10 sticks between both arms.  3) Why did the nurse ask me what I was allergic or had intolerance to, only for my Doctor to write me a prescription for the very drug that I'm intolerant to? Obviously there was a miscommunication  between my Doctor and his assisting nurses?I've since filed complaints and will be now  looking at my Orthopedic sideways.
1	Avoid Phoenix Baptist Hospital and Emergency room if you can! They have started a new scam in my opinion: An ER visit insurance deductible, which is paid at the "is $300. High, but fair.  But wait, 3 months later you get another bill in the mail from a different "business" name for the same visit. You call the hospital to explain that you have paid already and provide proof. "NO, they say, that was for the ER visit only, to see a Doctor their is a seperate charge that you agreen to by signing when you were barely conscious and waiting too long to be seen by anyone. So you owe us another $290 to this other company name we created, your insurance declined it as "already paid" because it was, so we created a new way to bill more money for the same visit and will turn it over to collections if we need to".DOUBLE BILLING INSURANCE ATTEMPT! We need regulations on a state and federal level to stop this new scam. The same hospital used to accept the deductible as the deductible but not anymore. They make a strong case for Nationalized Healthcare like the other advanced countries in the world. Why pay $350 a month for health insurance and have for profit hospitals like this one (even if they claim they are not out for a profit (for taxes). I would rather pay the extra $4000 a year in taxes and have better services and no health billing fraud.
