1	I was very disappointed with them. I have been a loyal customer since the first location for about two years. Yesterday, I came to the Scottsdale location, I started inquiring about a device I always wanted but it is kind of expensive. This guy Chris was very condescending, he pretty much ignored me like I was nobody. He continue talking to this group of girls, I will take my business elsewhere.
5	Awesome shop Chris the owner always takes care of me..check it out ill be worth it..if your trying quit smoking such a great alternative
5	Okay first off I just want to say that I have been to quite a few vape shops in this town  and this is hands down the best shop I have been in. They have a huge selection of juice and tons of vaping products to choose from, including hard to find full mechanical mods and RBA's.  I don't know what that renato guy is talking about because Chris has been more than helpful with every single question I have had and is even working on contacting a seller directly to try and replace a broken part on one of my mods.  The staff there know everything there is to know from getting started with a basic ecig to setting up full blown mech mods.  If you want to learn how to build a dual coil RBA for the new mod you buy, they will not only sell you an awesome product but they will sit you down with you and teach you how to set it up.  If you are just trying to quit smoking they will sit you down and let you try any one of the 50+ or so flavors that they have in stock and set you up with everything you need to never smoke a nasty *** cigarette ever again.  I will never shop anywhere else in this town after visiting Vapor Vortex.  If you want to quit smoking, if  you are looking to buy a new mod, or just want learn more about mechanical mods and how they work,  you should do your self a favor and go see the guys at Vapor Vortex.   Vapor Friendly they are,Quit smoking you must.
5	I am so glad this place opened! I work in the same complex so it's really convenient for me. The best part about this place is that you can try all of the flavors before you buy them. You won't get stuck with a flavor you don't like, which happened when I used to get my juices online. I have been thinking about getting into the mods and customizing my pieces more. They were really helpful with showing me how to make new wicks and what pieces to buy. Definitely worth checking this place out!
5	Wow! Is all I can say. Im new to the "vaping" scene and decided upon this shop for my first purchase, and I'm so glad I did. This store is awesome with a lounge area and other amenities plus all the vape goodies anyone could ask for. All the staff were very welcoming to the new guy coming in as well! Everyone in the store was very knowledgeable about all their products and very courteous to everyone that walked in while I was there. Hands down best retail experience to date for myself, plus i couldnt be happier with my new Tesla vape!
5	Sequels, at least with books and movies rarely live up to the originals; not including Rocky II-IV of course. So when my first and favorite vape shop announced a second location, I was worried that products and quality of service might lessen at one or both locations...I could not have been more off track! The new Vapor Vortex is even mightier than the OG store! Friendliness and knowledge of staff is still unparalleled to anywhere I've been in town. They still have the amazingly tasty line of J-Vapes juices as well as their own concoctions (I'd be lost with the V2R and SirVanCus) and offer them at great prices. When it comes to quality hardware, they blow other shops out of the water, both with selection and price and applicable to newbie and seasoned vaper alike. Whatever your needs are, I highly recommend dipping into the Vortex for an awesome experience! Congrats to Chris and CO on another outstanding shop!
1	They try to sell me a use mod be careful what you buy the price is way overpriced  you can get it online lot cheaper this place is a rip off never coming back here again ever that dude John sold me that use mod he probably thought that I didn't notice about the use mod
5	I really love this place! I have been smoking a long time... but seriously, with the help of these guys, quitting isn't hard at all. the staff are super friendly and can help with simple devices and rebuild-able devices! Huge selection of juice.. i prob stop in about 3 times a week.. its chill... if u wanna quit smoking, check it out ;)
5	Hands down one of the most amazing places I have been to. I will most definitely be here way more often!!!!!!! Thank you so much vapor vortex!!!
1	All i can say is rude!! They always seam bothered when you walk in and if you ask questions. $16 for a small bottle of juice, for that price i need better customer service! For now ill be shopping for my stuff somewhere else!
1	Full disclosure: I have friends in the vaping industry. I do not work for vape shops in any way, shape, or form. I have shopped at and spent money in most every brick and mortar store in the valley. And no shop has ever given me anything for free, or traded goods in exchange for a review. As a matter of fact I rarely ever leave negative Yelp reviews. There are shops I like more than others, but I primarily care about the industry as a whole and not one particular shops success over another. The way I look at it, is that if my word and opinions alone make or break a vape shop, then they have failed to retain customers. Simply put, yes they are my friends, but I am spending my own money, and I will spend it where I believe I will receive the best value. Today I took a friend to Vapor Vortex off of Shea Blvd today to try out some liquids. I have been there a few times before, and my brother has frequented the shop as well. I have usually had good experiences there. Their prices on parts is pretty competitive, and their selection of high end devices is larger than any other shop I have seen. Overall I like their employees too. I will say however that from a fairly objective standpoint, their liquid line-up is not my favorite or the most consistent I have had. I have never been a fan of the Chinese import stuff, but it does fill a market niche. The J-Vapes has most certainly had a decline in quality and flavor concentration over the last few years though. That's truly sad, as they had some winning flavors.  They do carry Murdock's Pluid and other flavors, which aren't my cup of tea, but are high quality liquids and have a strong following. For those of you out there that like the complex and more multifaceted flavors, you will love the Murdock line. I do have to say that any love I had for Vapor Vortex died today. We went in there so my friend could try flavors, and I wanted to browse. We had a petite blond woman "help" us. My friend was tasting flavors, and he is a picky guy. He rejected a few and the woman asked what he had been vaping on. He mentioned the name of the other retailer and immediately she went off on a tangent about how they run a dirty and underhanded business. She said "they sold me 36mg liquid when I was a new vaper and didn't tell me". When I asked how the hell that happened she stammered around and moved to another topic she could use to discredit the business. "They have their employees post negative Yelp reviews for other shops", and on, and on, and on. She was almost spastic in her eagerness to talk trash about the other shop. She even mentioned that Vapor Vortex and another shop she didn't name have taken an interest in making sure people knew about it. Here's my problem with that. I don't give a flying rats ass. Again, the worst way to convince me to spend money in your shop is to play the victim card. She then complained how the vaping industry is similar to "a bunch of high school girls". Well excuse me, but I believe she was the one that initiated the spewfest of shop smack-talk. She kept repeating "We're number one for sales in the state, they're number three". Again, I just don't really care. Vapor Vortex's annual income is of no concern to me. Furthermore she did not know that a liquid I wanted to buy was actually in stock until she was corrected by another emplyoee. I asked to look at an atomizer in the case, and it took her three attempt to find it, even with explicit instructions. Then she removes the wrong item from the case (not even an atomizer) places it on the counter and walks away. And it wasn't because they were busy. We were two of three customers in the store, and there were two employees. The crowning jewel however is this gem. She asks if my friend and I are brothers. I say no, and that's no big deal, we get that all the time. About 15 minutes later she asks "Are you two together?" And I am immediately thinking she is asking if we want one transaction or two. Before I can answer my friend raises his hand, shows his wedding ring and tells her that we are both married, to women. I think this is a light hearted joke on his part. But her answer indicated that she was actually asking if we were a gay couple. My freaking head spun. I am not gay, he isn't gay, and frankly I don't mind if I am mistaken for gay. I don't have a gay phobia by any stretch of the imagination. However, some people do, and that question would piss a lot of people off more than it did me. And even if we were gay, what damn business is it of hers? What if we said yes? What possible positive end to that conversation could there be? I am sorry, I used to go to this shop because they carried things other brick and mortars didn't. Not only was the customer service poor, but her behavior was inappropriate and grossly unprofessional. Sorry. I am done.Oh, and in case you suspect I am an employee of "the other guys" I will gladly show my receipt and Vapor Vortex loyalty card I no longer carry.
1	ChrisI appreciate your response and the fact that you are trying to support your employee. However, I take issue with some of your comments. I understand there can be misunderstandings in some retail situations, but there was no misinterpretation when it came to statements made about other stores. Perhaps my friend and I misunderstand her asking if we were together, but frankly, that was the least egregious part of this encounter. An insult about another business in the industry is very straight forward and difficult to misinterpret. This was not a slip of the tongue on her part. She insulted the other shop more than she answered questions about products. She even mentioned that Vapor Vortex and another shop have been "victims" and are "making sure people know about how they do their business". There's very little room for interpretation in statements such as those. So, coaching or not, this policy seems to have been ignored or forgotten in this circumstance. She only gave up on that line of conversation when I asked her who the other shop was. I wanted to know so I could avoid doing business with them as well. This question was never answered and instead prompted her to stop talking about the issue entirely. My interpretation of this whole encounter was that it was significantly more important to her that I know how much she hated this store than it was to answer the questions I had about a product I was looking at purchasing. And when she finally did get back around to helping me with a product, she actually walked away after handing me the wrong product.I can also appreciate that her side of the story was different than mine. However,  I am not writing  this review to gain anything, and she has a job she is trying to keep. So I will ask you point blank, do you believe I am lying? Or perhaps more importantly, who has a reason to lie?Just a note to add, I've been to other vape shops, including the one that your employee deemed vicious and evil, and I've seen them refer customers to your store if it was appropriate. All I expect is that you extend the same courtesy to the other stores in this industry.
1	If I could give vapor vortex a negative star I would. The employees were constantly talking about drugs right out in the open making a very uncomfortable environment. I wanted to purchase some juice and instantly had other products shoved In my face. In my opinion it was not even a satisfactory experience.
5	This place is great I love the people who work there. I always feel welcome and their juice is top notch. Every time I come in they have new flavors. I  never have to wait and I love that I can try as many flavors as I want. It's a very cool place to hang out and vape!
1	This place is garbage. Everything is overpriced and is bad quality. My battery stopped working after 5 weeks and they refused to replace it. Butt out is a much better smoke shop go there instead.
1	First of the place just seems odd... Unfinished and just a place I would not want to spend more time then I had to. My father in law bought my husband and I vaporizers from this place and when we both opened our boxes we had specialty sleeves that he purchased in our favorite colors. Both were horribly chipped with no evidence in the box to suggest they chipped in the box..while wrapped in bubble wrap. He said a guy named Marc helped him and to go in and chat with him on Tuesdays since he's there. So of course we went in, on a Tuesday and were told he wasn't there but someone else can help us. OK, that's fine. We explained the chips on the sleeves and the guy flat out said it was our fault and there was nothing he could do about it. After arguing for a few minutes he finally said he had no idea how much they cost but probably around $15-20 and would give us something worth $15 to compensate but that's it. We had two that were damaged. Another guy came out and said they sold them for $40 and remembers the sale. By that time we were frustrated and gave back one of the sleeves in exchange for something else that was $15 and the guy put the damaged item right back out for sale, which makes me think these have been passed around and we were the unlucky ones to end of with them because they were purchased on a whim in addition to our gifts. I will never go back to Vapor Vortex and would not recommend to anyone I know!!
5	Busy shop but they have a nice size tasting area. Lots of parking in the back. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable . They do not carry Halo products.
5	Good assortment of mods and knowledgeable staff.  Went in looking for an upgrade to the pen style without going mechanical. Was able to see and experience a great assortment of mods and found one that fit our style.  Prices are some of the best in town.
5	Mark and Kyle are masters of there craft. Understanding, helpful, and full of information. I am a new convert from cigarettes to VAPING and these guys knew exactly what I needed and how to help me. I returned to there store after having some minor issues with my new product, and without question, they fixed it....no charge! Way to go gentlemen! Great customer service. If you are ready to quit killing yourself with cigarettes, go see these guys. I am smoke free and loving it!
5	I love the shop was awesome they have great hardware for great prices... Vapor pimp and a couple of other awesome juices... Overall welcoming with knowledgable staff.  Will definatly be back for any juice or hardware in the future.  Thanks colby!
1	We went here hoping to get started with an E-cig set up and the guys there sucked. Extremely rude and not helpful at all. Plus the prices were WAY higher than everywhere else we found. NOT recommended
5	I spend a lot of time here. The employees are helpful and have a sense of humor. This plAce is especially good when looking for a dripper mod that is not a clone. The reason prices here are a little above the norm for most shops is because the hardware is authentic and not a Chinese copy sold for 1/3 the price. The juice selection is pretty large although I am not a fan of one of the brands they carry... It is easily remedied by looking at the other brands they carry. If you need coils or a mod rebuilt they will work as quickly as possible to make sure you get exactly what you want. The best part is that even just people in the shop there (non employees) can teach you things you didn't know about building. Overall pretty good place to go. I just wish they had more places to kind of lounge around
5	Enjoyed trying all the flavors w the guys who worked here. Good conversations.... It felt like we knew each other forever.
5	New rep Lindsey. I hope I spelt his name right. Yes, it was a very kind dude who just started and helped me choose a smoking device. Then we had literally about 80 flavors to choose from and he knew some solid ones already. Good experience. Great reps and I definitely recommend a vape to everyone who smokes. I feel so bad when I smoke, guilty pleasure, but this is a brilliant alternative and I prefer it to smoking actual cigs. Better taste and I can smoke anywhere including my house/car which I never smoke in. Leaves a nice aroma of whatever flavor I chose and not harsh on my lungs, gums and teeth. Love it. Going back for another flavor this week.
5	I have been to both locations and this one is much larger and there are more staff available to assist and give recommendations.  Both shops have incredible juice made in Prescott.  I have ordered ejuice from many sites on the internet and visited a couple of other local shops but the juice at Vortex is by far the best I have had.  I absolutely LOVE the Cinnabon, Root Beer Float and my favorite is No Worries.  The vapor is incredible for an eRoll and the throat hit of 24MG has totally got me off the cigarettes.  I have not had a cig since August 6th and for the first time in 35 years am confident I will never go back to it. I plan to move down to 18MG then 12MG in 6-12 months.  Eventually 6MG then 0.  I like the flavors and because it looks so much like a cigarette sometimes I just hold it like one and that satisfies the question of "now what do I do with my hands?".  I have tried everything to quit, hypnotism, acupuncture, some weird laser/breathing apparatus, cold turkey, patches, etc.  Although I am still ingesting Nicotene my breathing is 110% better, I can actually smell my hair, perfume and my teeth are getting white again.  Their ejuice is 50/50 that is 50% VG (vapor) and 50% PG as well as food grade extract for the flavors.  NONE of the other junk that is in regular cigarettes or the over the counter pretend ecigs.I have had to wash all of my clothes and get the carpet cleaned as my sense of smell has returned.  My taste buds are back too.  Not as excited about that as I do not want to put on weight but everything tastes soooo gooood.  So, my 2 cents is if you are tired of smoking, the expense, the sour smell, being ostracized and health implications, visit Vapor Vortex and get the 411 on this exciting much cheaper alternative. Vaping Rules!!
5	Just started vaping, and I went in with little knowledge and they were extremely helpful, informative and the atmosphere feels kind of like a tattoo shop. Very neat experience and tons of nicqiud flavors!  And reasonable prices!
5	New to the vape scene an wanted to get my hands on a joyetech E-grip so I went here to see if they carried this model, I asked Lindsay an he immediately handed me one to sample while he explained the benefits of vaping. I thought the gesture was very cool an made me feel welcome in the store, I had a lot of questions an Lindsay had all the right answers, he let me sample a ton of juices then showed me how to set up my E-grip. I really appreciated the great customer service an truly enjoyed the experience. I will definetly be making all my future purchases here. Thank you Lindsay an vapor vortex for such a great experience!!!!
