4	This is now Bank of America Stadium, home of the Carolina Panthers. I will admit that I am a Panthers loyalist but that's not what this is about. There are plenty of stadiums known for the poor treatment of visiting team fans, the Philadelphia Eagles have a courtroom built in to theirs, but you won't have to worry about that in Charlotte. Panthers fans are still new to this whole NFL thing and it shows. Unlike a Tarheels game, visiting fans are treated like guests, it's disgusting. And don't worry if you're team is losing, Panthers fans are also known for trying to do the wave while their team is on offense (when you're supposed to be silent). I once saw a Panthers fan congratulate the opposing teams fan on a touchdown, terrible.The stadium food is pretty great with the addition of Carolina BBQ to the menu but surprisingly, you can't smoke in your seat. Also, don't worry about missing church, there is a prayer said before the game.WARNING: Do not try to tailgate with the majority of the people before the game. Too much wine and cheese can make you sick.   Also, once Panthers fans get drunk the mood can shift quickly (they are still southerners after all) and you can quickly become an enemy, not because your team is winning but because you are "too prideful" about it and some may feel the need to "defend their honor" (especially if you're from the North, you know how it is). I once saw a woman (an Eagles fan) get punched by a female Panthers fan wearing a team color Doctor Seuss hat, an all around weird experience.Overall, this stadium gets a high score for you and depresses me.
5	Well it's no longer Erisson it is Bank of America Stadium which is fitting since BOA is headquarted in the city.  Home of the Panthers the stadium is awesome.  My brother owned seats here for several seasons and I was fortunate enough to use them many times.  If you can imagine ATT Park in SF as a football venue then that would be accurate.  Lots of food options,  Sir Purr,  and the cheerleaders.  My brother got into his first fight here with an out of control drunk.  He ended up with a broken wrist.  Way to go bro!  Best part of the game is afterwards on the walk to the car,  the fans are unbelievable.  Go Panthers!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	This stadium does its job well, without trying too hard. I've been to both Panthers & college fball games here, & have been happy with all of my trips to BofA Stadium.The stadium looks impressive & towering from the outside, and still fits nicely within the landscape of Charlotte. Once inside the stadium, nothing is too impressive, just your normal modern stadium concourse. The lower seating bowl, not surprisingly, offers great seating & close to the action views. But if you're upper level, don't expect much; you'll be inside the stadium but feel so far away. I've also sat in a suite & expect to be quite impressed here, as you'll get your fair share of food & drink with a nice view through a large open window. The play on the field goes into my rating because it's the reason people actually go to this venue. When the Panthers are having a good season. expect a pretty good fan base that isn't too loud, but can get there when they need to. If it's a bad season though, expect a pretty subdued atmosphere that won't make you feel like you're at an NFL game. BofA isn't going to blow you away with gameday atmosphere, but it also won't disappoint.BofA Stadium does its job by providing a great place to watch a game. But don't expect anything to overly impress you, just expect it to keep you content & happy.
4	Bank of America Stadium is home to my favorite sports team The Panthers.  If you are from out of town and you have never been here, expect a good time.  It is pretty easy to score tickets outside of the stadium even during a sold out game and there is plenty of great food and tailgating going on.  With great players like Julius Peppers and Steve Smith, you can expect some pretty rowdy fans.  Every seat in the stadium is a good one, even the nosebleeds, just make sure to bring a pair of binoculars.  I would recommend staying away from the extra rowdy fans, because I have ran into plenty of people here that have had entirely too much to drink.  Besides that there are a lot of fun loving football fans at all of the Panthers games.
4	I think it's magic that this place can be in the middle of uptown and somehow, wildly, I've never been caught in game-day traffic. I was horrified to think of the quagmire it could have created, but even though Charlotte's roads have that bowl-of-spaghetti kind of organization, it's really never been that bad. I have been to a few Panthers games. I'm not a football fan...not at all...but the games are always fun here. I like walking around uptown in the vicinity before and after as well, as there are always a lot of interesting characters hanging out. The food in the stadium is overpriced, just like the food in every stadium, but it's not shockingly overpriced. The crowd is always hype, and it's fun to go out and find a spot where Charlotte really comes together. We can be a kind of hodgepodge, soulless city, but you get a sense of who we are at the Panthers games.
3	Went to my first Panthers' game the other day; real good time, actually, even though I couldn't care less about the Panthers. It seems I'm the only one who doesn't: the place was, to my surprise, absolutely packed with Panther's fans. Pretty good for a team that's only been around for, what, ten years?On game day, the stadium is absolutely surrounded and consumed by tailgating fans; during the rest of the week, it stands there, right outside of downtown, quiet and lonely looking. I guess that can be said of a lot of stadiums, though. As for the place itself, really good facilities and pretty good crappy stadium food--hotdogs, pretzels, beers, that kinda stuff. But it actually wasn't as expensive as I'd feared. Pretty reasonable, in fact, which is a rarity. And the fans were well-behaved and fun. Definitely a nice, family-friendly atmosphere. And there are always tickets available, so check it out.
4	In my limited NFL experiences, I declare BOA Stadium to be a wonderful sports venue, regularly filled by amiable Panther's fans.I attended a Broncos/Panthers game earlier this season, and had an all around great time.  As a Broncos fan, I felt it was important to really make myself seen, thus I wore a bright orange Broncos jersey in awesome Panther's seats.Despite my overt disregard for the home team, all the comments that I received from rival fans were in good spirits, and never abrasive or threatening (perhaps this was due to the fact that the Broncos got destroyed by the Panthers, and further embarrassment was not necessary).Beers and food are expensive as hell, but hey its a pro sports game.Comparatively, ticket prices are not ridiculous.  The face value of my amazing seats was $90, while at a home Broncos game these would have easily been $200+.  Thus you can be an NFL fan in Charlotte without needing the corner office.All in all, I was impressed with the experience.  I came in as a boisterous away fan and left with a great time.
4	Those whiners who want to revamp the BofA stadium are out of their minds - this stadium is great! I'm probably a bit biased, as I live only a few blocks from this stadium, but I found it clean, sharp and it seemed like there wasn't a bad seat in the house. I can say this because I was in the absolute nose bleed section for the Panthers/Bears game this past Sunday. Take note that if you are up high you can definitely still see the happenings of the game but realize that the stairs are steep! Seriously, steep! This was probably part of the reason why I wasn't drinking heavily....the other reason was that a bottle of beer is $6.25 here. Hey-oooo!Yes, concessions are 'spensive but they are plentiful. I saw a myriad of different vendors including Wendy's, hot dogs, brats, Ben & Jerry's, Minute Maid icies, plenty 'o beer, Bojangles' etc. I have to agree with Dave S. - there really is something for everyone here. Great stadium - I look forward to coming back!
4	Went here for the first time for the Panthers/Bears game. Great stadium with great seas all around...doesn't matter if it's upperdeck, as the seats are all good providing great views on the field. Had upperdeck corner endzone seats about 20 rows up and had a great time. Stadium is older, but in great shape...NO NEW STADIUM NEEDED...at least not with my tax dollars. The panthers stadium, when built, was ahead of it's time and though an older stadium by NFL time standards, it's still has many years to go! Tons of beer choices that others have mentioned, and the food it good too! Overall a great experience.
4	For a football stadium BofA is pretty good. The layout is easy to get around- there's plenty of room to walk. Concessions are everywhere, and some are pretty good.  Find a JJR's BBQ Shack- the pulled pork is pretty good and the BBQ nachos may be the best stadium nachos ever.  If you're in the upper levels, the stairs are steep. You can see the field from just about anywhere- even high up. Although with the Panthers playing, you'll probably have a better time enjoying the concessions and shopping. But if you do choose to watch, the seats are fairly comfortable. There's not a lot of leg room between rows of seats though, so climbing in and out of rows is a bit tricky.This may not be the newest stadium out there, but it does the job. If you leave disappointed it won't be because of the stadium.
4	Haven't been to any other football stadium in the country, but BofA Stadium is nice.  There really isn't a bad seat in the house... I've pretty much been to a couple of games - and had the chance to sit in different areas of the stadium.  I think the best was when I got invited into a private box, but it's hard to get back outside after that.The stadium also hosts college bowl games as well.... and I think a few concerts.Sure all the newer NFL stadiums are great, but I think Bank of America Stadium is still pretty modern and growing in charm.  Not sure why people are wanting a new stadium since this one is already good - we'll have another Hornets/Bobcats scenario with our tax dollars hard at work.
3	The Panthers stink, the stadium is nice. Not really a winning combo :( This stadium really is a diamond in the rough. It hosts one of the worst teams in the NFL, but boasts some of the best food. They have BBQ stands all over the place, a beer stand at every corner. The Panthers did a good job building the stadium, now hopefully they rebuild the team.
4	Located right in the heart of downtown Charlotte this stadium surprisingly has pretty easy access to the stadium.  If you arrive early enough I recommend going to Picasso's they have pretty decent wings and cheap beer.  As you walk to the stadium you see statutes of Panthers all around along with numerous tailgaters.  We went to the Saints game and the saints fans are definitely one of the passionate fans in the league it felt half the stadium was Saints fans, but the way the panthers have been playing not surprising.  Parking is not horrible 20-40 depending on the distance to the stadium.  Bathrooms are plentiful, the outside of the stadium is nothing spectacular, but the inside is pretty nice.  The food inside the stadium is very food, definitely go for the pulled BBQ pork or anything BBQ really.  We had some BBQ pulled pork tacos and BBQ pork Nachos both really good.  Prices are reasonable for a stadium, in summation a quality venue.
4	With a new coach rolling into town and some great new players behind him, I was stoked to get a chance to see inside the 300 level Panther's Den here at our hometown stadium. With easy parking, this stadium has a lot of really great qualities, one of them being that it's in great shape (see: no one going to games because we stink). With the hopeful upswing of our Cats, I think that's a real plus for us and the taxpayers!The Panther's Den itself and the VIP suites are beautiful. Spacious, with plenty of great views from around the stadium, Jeff G. (head of bev and food for 300 level) does a great job making sure everyone's needs are met. Liz who coordinates the special events is definitely in charge and runs a tight ship, making any event there go seamlessly. I'd definitely come back here, and check out a game in the seats, plus they're serving Olde Mecklenburg on the 100 and 500 levels, so you can pay $1 more for a great, Charlotte made craft beer!  go Panthers!
4	If you listen enough, you can hear loads of complaints about building an Uptown arena when we had a perfectly serviceable - though perhaps a bit dated - one outside the city, or you may hear talk about moving the Knights into Uptown since they are not even in the same state.Yet even though the Panthers are not good by any stretch of the imagination, you do not hear the same talk about their digs.  Most likely because while they received some infrastructure improvements, the stadium was paid for entirely by the ownership (funded by the sale of PSLs).  Of course, it was nearly fifteen years ago now, so with the way things go, we may hear talk of the team getting a new stadium at any time.Meanwhile, enjoy what we have.  While there is no retractable roof (or roof at all for that matter), the facilities are quite decent for being so old.  Nice even.  There are a decent number of luxury boxes - if any of you reading are able to afford that sort of thing.  The scoreboards were upgraded not so long ago with new video screens, but they are nothing compared to the monster just put in at the Speedway.  That might mean they need to be upgraded again.  But still, it is a nice facility.Compared to the Joneses (or the Jones), we are edging towards the bottom half of the NFL - and even then, several of the fields have been upgraded.  Lambeau and Soldier fields have seen huge upgrades, while the Superdome was also redone after Hurricane Katrina.  The clock is ticking.  Enjoy it while it lasts.
3	Positive:*As far as the facilities are concerned, this is a good, but not great NFL stadium.  *Tickets are usually easy to get and depending on how the season is going, one can usually find ticks for under $20, or even free!*Usually clean, and safe. Negative:*If you are sitting in the upper deck, wear your walking shoes, cause its a long walk up to the upper-levels, though you tend to have a feeling of accomplishment once you made it to the top.  *If you are looking for a lively, rowdy crowd and atmosphere, this is NOT the place to go, at least for NFL games, can you say Wine-N-Cheese crowd?  *Few events outside of football are held here.  Why aren't more live shows, events and performances booked here??*If you don't know where to look, parking can be $20.  There's really no reason to pay more than $10 for parking.
4	I have been here for numerous Panther games but I am writing this review after the ECU/SC college game. I really wish the noise level and atmosphere of the college game could be transferred over the the NFL. I heard more noise in this one college game than I have heard in 5 or 6 Panther games combined. Not really sure how to fix it other than the Panthers need to start winning. Anyway, the facility is top notch, the suites are clean and impressive, carpet is rocking. The food is great! The only reason they don't get five stars is because the food (as with all stadiums) is on the expensive side, but hey, we have to pay for Cam Newton, right?
4	Home of the Panthers! WOOOO HOOOO!I really like this stadium, it's visually appealing & to me, no matter where I sit, I always have a good seat.  It's clean & the food selection is top notch.  Parking in the area is plentiful & pretty reasonable on game days.
4	I love coming to Panther games.........LOVE it! Especially when I have lower level seats, but the upper level is not bad just lots of walking......not good with a toddler........that being said the pregame fire and cannon sounds scared the life out of my son...lol.......and then we got a little wet from all the rain but thankfully they have nice open air areas by concessions to sit and watch the game until the rain passed over. The food is usually pretty good, and the mini stores are sprinkled throughout if you want to buy any shirts, hat, etc.
5	Go Panthers!  You'd be hard pressed to find a nicer stadium.  Good fan experience.  Good tailgating on Sundays.  Decent parking and access.
4	Haven't sat in a bad seat yet- very clean stadium.  Lots of options for food and drink so the lines aren't long- you can even get some craft beer.  I love Sir Purr- he is a great mascot.  My only complaint is that every time I was in line for a margarita they were out (or so they said :)  Also note to smokers- you have to go outside stadium to smoke- not just on concourse.  From what I understand once you leave you can't get back in either.
4	We go hear often to cheer on the Panthers. The stadium is nice nothing special. Good selection of food that is reasonably priced. The restrooms are never far away and plenty of parking, at a hefty price though. The problem I have is if you want to stand up and cheer some wine and cheeser will yell at you to sit down. It happens every game. We are at a football game here people come on. If you want to sit down, watch it on your couch.
4	Bank of America Stadium is, of course, the home of our beloved Carolina Panthers, and I'd love to rate them five stars just for that. The stadium is clean and well-maintained. I love the panther statues greeting you at each entrance, I love looking for familiar names in the PSL owners listed on the statues. I love the free (tips appreciated) face painting provided each home game. I love that the restrooms are well-kept; clean, functional, with a seemingly never-ending supply of toilet paper. There is a great selection of food and beer for sale. Everything from Krispy Kreme donuts to frozen lemonade to hot fresh pizza. This isn't the Bobcats arena, with high-class restaurants, and I would like to see a bit more "hometown pride" with some truly Southern-style specialties available, but you can pretty much find something to eat no matter how picky you are, and the prices (for a football stadium) are reasonable. Also, you gotta love that this place is the only place in NC with special permission to sell alcohol early on Sundays. The ramps leading to the upper levels can be a bit brutal, but let's be honest, they are spacious and better than stairs. If you truly have an injury or disability that makes the ramps a hardship, they do have elevators you can use to get to the upper levels. I'm also a big fan of the designated smoking sections. Just because this is an open-dome stadium and not closed off doesn't mean I want people to be able to smoke in the stands. I mean, i bring my kids to these games. I think this place will start to get more reviews now that they are FINALLY branching out into events other than Panthers games. After 15 years, I guess they finally realised they could get revenue from other events. I anticipate seeing more Yelp reviews starting with the big Kenny Chesney/Tim McGraw concert that was just announced for next year. I am docking one star because of two negative experiences, both occurring in the past 6 months. One, we had an issue with an unruly, drunken, abusive fan of the opposing team sitting near us during a game. Although numerous people complained (you can conveniently report to stadium security via text message with your cell phone), he was given MULTIPLE warnings and not ejected, even though he was involved in a physical altercation and was spewing curse words and racial slurs within earshot of my 5- and 7-year-old children. At this same game, a friend of mine was ejected for being "too drunk" because he merely stumbled while climbing up the stairs to his seat during the fourth quarter, injuring (and bothering) nobody. Two, our seats are just about as far as you can possibly get from the Team Store. Opposite side of the stadium and four levels up. We went to the Team Store to browse after the game, and then they would not let us back into the stadium. I understand that  they don't want people loitering around forever after the game is over, but it was cold and windy outside, and I was with my mother and two small children. It was a long chilly walk back to our car. Just wish we had been informed PRIOR to entering the store that we wouldn't be allowed back out unless it was on the exterior of the stadium- we would've gone prior to the game instead of after!!
5	Still five stars.  Had the opportunity to take chickie's son to his first game Sunday.  Awesome experience even though we were blown out by Tennessee.  Amazing to see how the fans act in Charlotte.  So much class and comraderie.  Go Panthers!!!!
4	I'm not a huge football fan and that's putting it nicely but the Panthers have some nice digs! I found out depending on what side of the stadium you're seating you will either be getting a tan or freaking freezing, thankfully, I was on the sunny side!  The stadium was clean and all the employees I came into contact with were very nice and helpful. Since we had super high seats, I didn't think I would be able to see anything, but even at the tip top you will be able to see the players. The food was a lot better than I expected... nachos and pretzels, you will disgust enough sodium for your entire monthly quota, but it was still good. The beer is pricey, but that's to be expected. Even with hiking your butt up and down the ramp you see nice views of the city!
4	I very much enjoy stadium tours.  While I have been to more informative tours and more impressive stadiums, I had a very good time.  Also a not very expensive tour (only $5).
5	I flew from Los Angeles to watch the Carolina Panthers. I spent nearly $4,000 for my travel and game arrangements. Panthers got blown the eff out but guess what? The city was beautiful and nearly spotless. I could spit on the ground and I would feel guilty. Despite losing $4,000, It was worth the trip because Bank of America Stadium was beautiful.
3	Well hello friendsBeing a (2002 NFL SUPER BOWL CHAMPIONS) TAMPA BAY BUCCANEERS FANPOW!!!I can only give this place 3 stars = OK. I can't bring myself to give 4 (YAY! I'M A FAN) just because I'M NOT a fan of anything Panthers. lol I love the hate. lolAnyway, since I live here this is the local team. The prices are high, the crowd is your tea & crumpetts, leave by half time, sit down i can't see kinda crowd. EVERYtime i come here I ALWAYS support my team. (TAMPA BAY) and NEVER feel like i may be risking my life. Any NFL fan would NEVER do that If going to:COWBOYS PHILLYRAIDERSKCPITTSBURG ya know... real SPORT die hard fan city's. I think thats because Charlotte probably has more ppl from other cities than they do locals, so there is no REAL sense of HOME TEAM.  In fact, I never had a comment or anything other than smiles (maybe some mubbles under their breath but, what i don't hear won't hurt me right????? RIGHTTTT!!!!!!I've had the pleasure of seeing games from the 500 section as well as the 100 section. Its not ONE bad seat in the house. As Trey S said... you can find cheap tickets. ** If you are still reading this and havn't said what a complete idiot I am by now.... Cheers to you!! There is hope. I'm not hating on the Pampers.. I"m just NOT a fan. I still have that right don't I... ??? well.. don't I??    lolGo have yourself some fun...maybe stay for the whole game even!
4	This was a great stadium.  I came here for The Brothers of the Sun Tour I loved it.  It sucked because it rained at the beginning but it stopped before Tim McGraw and Kenny Chesney started to preform.  I think a great enhancement for the stadium would be to put a little roof over the top seats just so it shelters you a little.   Charlotte is an awesome city and the stadium is very nice.  Im not a panthers fan so I most likely won't be coming here for a football game though.
3	I went today to watch the Panthers play their home opener VS. the New Orleans Saints.  The game was fun and we had a good time.  The Panthers need to do something about getting people into the stadium.  It was raining a bit before the game and the game started at 1:00.  12:45 is when I arrived at the West Gate to enter and I finally got into my seat around 1:20.  It took FOREVER to get in, I'm not sure what the deal was!  They weren't doing anything special as far as security screening, just the normal hold out your bag and a quick swipe with the metal detector.  It was very frustrating since I missed the first 10 minutes of the game and I was there in plenty of time to make it to my seat for kickoff.Other than that the Stadium itself is pretty good, there are plenty of concessions and even Krispy Kreme booths for that donut fix.  They do a good job of keeping the crowd interested with games, and contests so there isn't a dull moment.Good experience, would have been better if I had gotten into the game sooner!!!
4	Went to a Panthers game and was a great time.  Easy access from numerous parking spots nearby.  And the area seems safe, so no concerns about walking to/from the stadium.  All the staff members we encountered were friendly & helpful.  Nice variety of concessions.  High prices, but you expect that at any venue like this.  Seats were clean & in working shape, restrooms were clean, but they could use more.  Our section was into the game, and while loud, it wasn't overwhelming. Can't wait to go to our next game.
5	clean very well kept stadium
4	As a Panther's fan, and a neighbor of the stadium, I'm probably a little biased here, but I like this stadium a lot. My one and only qualm that I've noticed a few other reviewers mention is the flow of people into the stadium. It's always a cluster f#$%^k going in! They either need to minimize the pat-downs, or somehow open up a few more gates somewhere.  Other than that, the views from just about every seat are good, the food choices are good, if as usual, a little pricey.  If only the Panthers were a little better, I might have found it within myself to throw that 5th and final star on top!
4	Been here many times.  Love the stadium and there really isn't a bad seat in the house.  Most of my visits have been for Panthers games like others but they do have other events like the ACC Football Championship, etc.  I think what I like most about the stadium is the Charlotte skyline backdrop.  On a nice sunny day it's a beautiful shot of the city.
5	There isn't a bad seat here! Great location with awesome views of Charlotte. Sure the food and beer is expensive...but what were you expecting?!
4	Here for UC v Duke in the Belk Bowl. The acess is excellent and if you are willing to pay ~$30, you can park in close. The have free wifi throughout the Stadium which was a first for me. Food and drink prices were not astronomical like most pro stadiums. The view from any seat is good and if you buy club level, you can watch from inside if the weather turns bad. Great choice for a bowl game and hope UC returns again.
3	From an architectural standpoint, the stadium is neither bad nor exciting.  It seems the architects took the safe route.  If you don't do anything particularly unique there is nothing really to hate.  That said, there is nothing really to love.  The stadium is symmetrical along both cardinal axes.Two giant Panthers, or as I saw them for the Belk Bowl, Bearcats, guard the major entries to the stadium.Beer was reasonably priced.  Sight lines are good.
5	Well I never been to a professional football until now, it was great people was drunk but not out of hand , food and drinks expensive of course stadium look nice but then again I never to another stadium so can say I was a virgin.. Lol we were up high sec 540 row 32 but still saw the field so no biggey. I loved it. Next time I'll know how the seating  goes. U gotta see the stadium if ur in nc. You guys are great out in nc.
4	I LOVED this place! Now, granted I haven't been for a game.... my friends and I came for the draft party tour. You get a free tour on the field, a tour of the locker rooms, weight rooms and other goodies for the day. Can you say freaking AWESOME!!!!So this location is huge!! I love the big panthers sitting outside the entrance and just how open the space feels. From the field you can see everything and on a beautiful day I can only imagine how awesome it is out on the field.For now, I'll keep this review short and sweet, but I definitely look forward to coming for some games!!! Can't wait to do an update and see what else this place has to offer!
4	I'm a little unsure why Charlotte feels a need to raise $87.5 million in taxes to renovate the stadium. They say that it's needed to "put Charlotte on the map" but I think that's total bullcrap. Everyone already knows who we are and where we are. But since it's not their money that's being spent, I guess they think that's okay. Crap, I say. We've done okay with one team leaving, we'd do okay if another left.Anyway, I was here for the Giants/Panthers game and really enjoyed myself. Sadly, the entrance system needs a whole bunch of work because random crowds of people pushing and trying to get in just doesn't do it for me. I don't know why it was such a disorganized mess. Maybe some of that money will go there?Once inside, plenty of room for moving about in the vending areas. Beers, hot dogs, barbecue and all the usual nonsense that you need to eat (at outrageous prices) at a sporting event.Seating is a bit tight, but I think that's normal for a stadium. There was little obstruction blocking the view of the field and there was a decent amount of legroom. Lots of noise, music, cheerleaders and beer!Getting to and from the stadium is a piece of cake. The LYNX light rail is only a couple of blocks away. A short walk and there's always a crowd heading to and from the stadium.Yep, we lost to the Giants but it was still a great place to watch the game!Go Cats!
2	You know when owners and fans ask for a new stadium?  You know how it's usually the owner...and they want the city to chip in?  Bank of America Stadium could be on the poster for that exact scenario.What I don't get about the stadium is how it's really not that old...and it's just sad in general.  It's as if they picked this stadium out of a Sears catalog and plopped it in uptown.  As far as stadiums go...I'm not sure I've been to one with less personality.Bank of America Stadium serves its purpose...but so does the Goodwill and Taco Bell...and I'll bet you don't do all your shopping and eating at those establishments.
4	The stadium and game were a pleasant surprise - the crowd had energy, there was always music playing or something going on on the big screen. They do a great job keeping the fans pumped up and excited, which I can't say for all stadiums. Food was decent and our seats in the 500 level were better than I expected!
3	Stadium is in the heart of downtown, surrounded by hotels.  Parking is different because of space and location.  Parking lot fees vary from $10 to $50.  If you are lucky on game day to find a lot with vacancies, otherwise go online and reserve a spot for $15.00.  Some lots guarantee security and restrooms and an attendant all day.  Now the stadium adheres to all of the newest NFL guidelines pertaining to what you can bring into the stadium.  Ladies were turned away because they had larger than regulation purses.  Those of you with seat cushions read the guidelines.  Diaper bags, another no no.  Parents were instructed to return to their vehicle and only bring what was necessary.  Food concessions was a big disappointment.  Bogangles were all over the place.  Other sports complexes over a superior variety, and your choices were limited here.  Was disappointed, since the web site had limited ticket availability, and yet there were way to many empty seats.  Before and after the game the city police are controlling traffic.  Everything is orderly.  Did not see to many venders parading up and down the sections.  Apparently, the stadium wants you to leave your seat.  Which may explain the enormous amount of flat screen TV's broadcasting the game on the concourse.
4	It has been a long time since I have done a Giants road trip.  And after yesterday's game it will be a long time before I go again.It is a very nice stadium, we had a beautiful sunny afternoon and lots of Giant fans in the house.  We had family from Charlotte and family actually flew in from AZ to attend the game.  Too bad the Giants didn't show up like the fans did.By halftime we had had enough, it was our chance to get the lay of the land in the stadium and we found a couple of gems.  One was a Beer stand area called Local Carolina beers which had over 20 local craft beers.  We tried the NC Hefeweizen (wheat beer normally served with citrus fruit), the prices were pretty reasonable, $7.50/$8.50  for a 16 oz which is a lot better than the prices in the NY area.  Next to the craft beer stand, was a mini sports bar with 6 TVs showing other games being played during that time.As other reviews have said parking can be a bit of a pain but we got there early to tailgate and parked about 4 blocks away on Mint Street.The people who work in the stadium are all very friendly and really get into entertaining the crowds.  Almost has the feel of a college football game.  I would definitely come back (but not for a Giant game, it was an old fashioned southern a$$ whipping 38-0  OUCH)We should have just left after the tailgating. :)
4	I've been here plenty of times over the years for Panther games. I love it! Not a bad seat in the place. I've also brought family and friends from out of town by here even on non game days just to look around. The huge panthers on the exterior of the stadium are very impressive up close. If you're looking for authentic Panthers jerseys or other NFL team memorabilia, the team store, located in the stadium, is a great start. Looking forward to the next visit!
4	I've been going to this stadium since it was built in 1996. At that time it was named Ericsson Stadium after the telecomm company.  I had charter PSL season ticketsbut sold them when I moved to New Olreans.When I lived in the CLT, I lived uptown at Church & 7th St so I was at every home game. I've also seen concerts and College football games here.The facility is great for football and has all the amenties you would expect.There are a couple of things that keep this from being a 5 star stadium.Parking and getting in and out can be a PIA.The security line getting in is ridiculous and slow and needs to be fixed. It can takeup to 30 minutes or more. Even longer on this day as the Panthers were hosting the Saints  for an NFC South showdown.The Wi-Fi is slow and barely works.Come on Panther Landlords, get with it and make this facility all it can be.
4	WOW! What a great venue, great seating seems a little intimate than most big venues, I really enjoyed the Belk Bowl. Blake Shelton was awesome, The game was bitter sweet I am Cincy Born and Bred and TARHEEL WED! GO HEELS, No Seriously Wife GO HEELS!! lol
4	There is not a bad seat in this house for a football game.  Seriously!  We had our backs against the wall in the "nosebleeds" to see the Panthers vs Saints December 2013, and had a GREAT time with a wonderful view!  If you think it might rain, bring a poncho; if you think it'll be cold, bring a coat!  Employ common sense, and you'll have a blast!THAT BEING SAID... the concession workers STINK on an alarming level.  By and large it takes almost a HALF HOUR to get a drink of ANY sort.  I stood in line for 20 minutes (ALL OF HALFTIME AND THEN SOME) for a diet pepsi... the workers are worse than slow... actually, city workers could give them some tips on efficiency... it's THAT bad if you're not in club-level seating.  My advice?  Eat before you arrive, arrive early, order your drinks, get cozy in your seats, and enjoy the game! :)
3	Came up for The 2013 ACC Championship Game and watched The Noles pound the game, but overmatched Dukies...it's nice to go to an NFL Stadium right downtown within walking distance of numerous hotels..bars..and restaurants instead of having to drive out into the middle of nowhere to some stadium surrounded by nothing but fields or Interstates...can't comment on access in or out via car or parking since we walked from the hotel and bar we were drinking at...can't comment on the concessions since I did not partake in any, because The Puritanical Swofford and The ACC deemed the Commoners could not purchase alcohol during the game..if you spent the big bucks on The Club Level Tickets the booze was freely flowing I am told..ACC clearly follows the old mantra.."all people are created equal...some are just more equal than others"..as for the things I can can comment on; getting into the venue through the security line was as hard or harder than any airport..I was specifically warned do not try to sneak booze in as you will be caught..it was hilarious as we approached the gate seeing so many people doing a sudden 180 as they realized how thorough the search was...on a bitterly cold night as you were checked by security; all  hats and coats had to be taken off and the contents from your pockets had to be removed..then you were patted down and wanded...it was a little awkward when they were done because normally when you get felt up like that your expected to exchange Promise Rings or Phone Numbers at a minimum...once inside,  the good things were its a pretty intimate stadium so all the sightlines of the field  are excellent and the views of The Charlotte Skyline are terrific..decent sound system and video boards during the game as well...may not be state of the art but good enough..the main problem in the stadium is the damn Ushers...asking for your ticket every time you went out and came back in was annoying...I had talked to the guy both times I went by previously and I was only two rows from where he was standing and he looked right at me on a few occasions...when I went by the third time and he asked for my ticket again I said "No,you've seen it enough already"..in the 4th Quarter with the place practically empty a couple FSU Girls came down to take some pictures...when he said they could not go down since they were not ticketed in that section they ignored him and went down anyway...they were not bothering anyone and he still went and got a Police Officer to remove them...at the end of the game during the Trophy Celebration they would not allow anyone to come down and take pictures or join in the celebration even though there were tens of thousands of empty seats by that point...this was the policy in all sections, because it was a big complaint from numerous FSU Fans for days afterwards..I know security and safety is a concern, but at some point you have to remember that there still has to be some fun involved and allowed or everyone is just going to stay home...would have been a 4 Star Stadium...not even deducting a Star for the getting in hassle and delay, because that's just the way it is now at all NFL Stadiums in this post 9-11 Era we live in ,but definitely deducting a Star for the overbearing Ushers..they need to use some common sense or if they are going to continue be that overbearing and pernicious they should get a job being a TSA Agent...see ya this December Charlotte
5	The most traditional stadium in the NFL with great sight lines from every seat. The most fan and kid friendly stadium as well as the safest. Great food with Bojangles, Krispy Kreme and JJRs BBQ. Wifi from ATT. New video boards and a sound system for 2014. Watch multi camera replays on the Panthers mobile app using wifi.
3	I would say this stadium is ok.  Entry in to the stadium is not too bad, but quite difficult to manage when you have small children as they funnel everyone in to a very small area.  While there are good vantage points throughout the stadium, I believe it would be better with steeper seats.  While in Section 120, you could not see the closest edge of the field over the people in front of us.  You could not see any of the field if they stood up.
3	Bank of America Stadium is average!  Not great, not bad, just ok.  I'm a big tailgate kinda guy.  They fail, fail fail in that department.  Lot of walking from these private lots to the stadium.   The stadium itself is nice in the inside but just feels kinda gray and dull.  The seats kinda suck.  The pros about this place - tickets are not as expensive as other stadiums in the NFL. Con - that is a long @$$ walk to the upper deck. no buenoGrade: C
5	Very nice to me as a first timer here at the stadium. I checked in at guest relations and got a pin to wear. I'll get a certificate in the mail. There were two places outside the stadium with games and pictures with Sir Purr and the cheerleaders. The stadium is beautiful with lots of food and drink options.
4	Went here for an NFL game Steelers vs Panthers and was a good experience. Especially the fact the Steelers won..lol. Has seats at Club Level and was a really nice setup. Of course the prices for anything at NFL stadium are sky high, but that is to be expected. The only thing I would say is there was not much food variety from what I could see at the club level vs levels above us. All in all good visit and would go back again whenever the Steelers are back in town.
4	Solid stadium and the higher seats have a surprisingly good view. The video is great and the sound is decent and a Panthers win always makes the experience much more memorable.
4	Nice clean stadium. New audio and jumbotrons make for an amazing time! We went here last week for the Panthers Bears game. Amazing atmosphere and beautiful scenery of the uptown Skyline.
5	Excellent views from our seats on the first level.  We enjoyed the game  vs Bears, but not the outcome!  Boo!  The stadium is very clean and nice.  Even the Panthers fans were gracious.  We were  not intimidated as some stadiums can be when you are a visitor.  Can stand below before the game to see your favorite players and get a great perspective of the stadium.  Large screens on both ends of the field, so you can't miss a play.  I would go back....
4	Took a $5 tour of the stadium! Woooop, wooop #HotDeal..... Only 7 people, which was just fine with me. Learned lots of fun facts.... Now I can impress my friends with what I know.....Looking forward to going back when the field is painted.
4	How is it possible that I haven't reviewed BofA Stadium yet? This place is my second home during football season.I've sat pretty much everywhere in this place. I can honestly say there is not a bad seat to watch a game. Things to know: ladies, there are bag restrictions. Nothing bigger than a clutch will be allowed inside the stadium. You can use a big plastic bag. If you are not clear about any of this, head on over to the Panthers website and look over their policy on purses and bags.BofA Stadium does have wifi now. My phone seems to function better without it for some reason. I'll be curious to see how my new iphone 6 will work. Lines move pretty quick for bathrooms, food and beer. Use your head, everyone will head out at halftime to do these things. Beat the crowd. Friendly reminder: beer sales stop after the third quarter. The concessions stands do take credit cards. The satellite beer tubs are cash only.Win or lose, this is my happy place. Go Panthers!! Rarrrrrrrrr
4	The new screens (see pics) and escalators (alleviates congestion on the walk ramps) that were placed in the stadium prior to the start of the 2014 season are nice additions to an already well laid out facility.  I am a PSL owner and have been so since 2006.  I feel that these improvements to the stadium will help keep it feeling modern for at least another 3-5 years.   Atmosphere - For the pro-football games played here, the crowd is mixed pretty well between home and visiting fans due to Charlotte's growing population of transplants.  However, this makes a good number of Panther fans less than loyal (me included), which means you can probably get a scalped ticket fairly cheaply on game day.Service - From the person searching you and your belongings before you enter, to the staff pouring your beer, the employees at the stadium always seem to be friendly, even when the Panthers are having a losing season.   Food - You can get your standard stadium fare of soft pretzels, hotdogs, beer, and pizza (Papa John's ...eh).  The Stadium also has available the local chains of Bojangles' chicken (makes decent chicken fingers and potato wedges...though they can be overly salted) and Qdoba (a Chipotle-esque restaurant).  While they don't sell hard liquor mixed drinks here, the beer selection at the Stadium is great.  It ranges from the InBev brands of Budweiser and Stella Artois to the local brews of Olde Mecklenburg Brewery, Foothills Brewing and Natty Greene's.  I even saw that the Stadium sells wine, though I am not sure of the details.   Overall - I have always enjoyed myself at games here.  The local fans are friendly and security is quick to act if things get out of hand.  And that's another Panther 1st down...roar, roar!!!Tip:  You can bring two (2) unopened clear bottles of water through security and into the Stadium.  This is something I just learned this year.  It is a nice way to save a few bucks and helps you to rehydrate after a long day of tailgating.
1	Horrible experience with security staff during Georgia Tech vs. FSU game, the staff was incapable of understanding that students within the student section are going to sit with their friends and not random people. I saw countless groups get seperated and moved to their "appropriate" seat when the staff had been explicitly told by organizers to allow students freedom of movement within the student sections. Thus, either there was poor communication during this event, of the situation was improperly handled.
1	Enjoyed being at the Bank of America Stadium but the usher in our section was a complete and total Ahole. We were sitting in section 513 in row 1A. As my buddy was walking up the steps, one of the teams ran a play, so my buddy stopped at the top of the steps so he wasn't blocking the vision of people in the seats as he went by. The Usher started screaming at him to sit down! No joke, not polite, or friendly just rude and a jerk. Then after my buddy sat down, the usher came over and started arguing with us. Really? I was completely floored by this guys behavior. Are theses the type of people you hire t be ambassadors to Charlotte? You might want to look a little longer for employees, or not hire toothless high school dropouts.
5	Had a few great experiences here. I did the stadium tour and the lady who gave it was great. Explained history of the team and facility. I also attended two games as well. I sat lower and upper levels and that's not a bad seat on the house. We'll be back for more games in the near future.
3	I used to come to Charlotte a lot when I was more of a "Bang All Of America Stadium" kind of guy, rather than a "Bank Of America Stadium" kind of guy.I don't really like this stadium. It's just another big bowl (like a lot of the stadiums in this region are... Jax, Miami, Nashville, all a little bit samey)... yes it has some loud fans, but it still doesn't quite do it for me. I also think it looks better from the outside than the inside. On the inside it's just a bit unoriginal for my tastes.Anyway, I'm more of a Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill person than a Charlotte person anyway, but more power to the Panthers and good luck to them in all their future ventures.Hearts go out to North Carolina, and if you've never tried one, get yourself up to a Cook Out and check out the cajun chicken sandwich with extra cajun, and a banana shake.
5	Went to the Belk Bowl here. I couldn't believe how nice the stadium is inside. When Atlanta builds a new stadium, they need to take note. I was impressed by the food selection & quality. The bathrooms stayed clean & the attendants were all very nice & smiling. Kudos to the designers & managers of this facility. We had a nice visit to Charlotte & a W in the BoA Stadium.
