5	Finally, decent french fare in Pittsburgh!!!  Sitting outside on the patio eating dinner while enjoying a beautiful view of Pittsburgh's skyline was only one of the things that made my experience here fantastic.The new renovated location that is right off the 10th street bridge in the Southside, is beautifully well done.  The food is fanatstic. Get the truffle fries because they come with actual chunks of black truffles on them! The oysters were fresh, and the mussels had an excellent sauce.  I was very impressed with not only the menu and the service, but with the wine and cocktail list.  It is not everyday you see a Negroni featured.  I wanted to try all of their cocktails, but opted for wine instead.  The prices are affordable ranging anywhere from 26-60 a bottle.  Dave the owner takes special care in selecting which wines go on the menu.  He explained alot of them to us, and the ones that we recieved were all amazing for the price.  I am looking forward to the expanding menu that they are going to start providing, but in the meantime, go here and enjoy a true taste of France.
5	Great food, clean and laid back upper end atmosphere. A must return on business stay.
3	Bridge Ten has a lot of potential, and I'm looking forward to updating this review as they get their bearings. There are a few things to love: carafes of house French wines, a wide array of menu for every price point, overflowing bowls of mussels, interesting cocktails. But there are also a few things that need work: the service was attentive and friendly but not knowledgeable enough about what they were serving. The cheese plate had interesting cheeses but was a very poor value at $20 for 5 very small portions.  The dining room is a bit too opulent (and cavernous) for the Holiday Inn Express background. Breaking up the space a bit and making it more cozy would help. Overall, Bridge Ten is a good addition to the South Side. When you're craving a creamy croque monsieur or a heaping bowl of mussels, this is the place to go. And if they make a few improvements, they will be worthy of drawing people from more than just the South Side.
5	I had an exceptional meal here recently.  Started with the tomato salad, delicious.  Then the owner brought out a complimentary dish of lentils which were equally as good.  My main dish was chicken with a white wine reduction cooked with green grapes and served over green beens and carrotts...it was awesome!  This was an unexpected surprise and treat after checking in late at the Holiday Inn Express and not wanting to venture out far for dinner.
5	I had a fantastic meal at Bridge Ten. The chicken breast with a white wine reduction and green beans and carrots was cooked perfectly with a delicious sauce.  We ordered a blueberry cake for dessert that tasted homemade.  Very comfortable atmosphere. The lunch menu looked very good and I look forward to trying it.  Highly recommend!
4	Being a south side resident, I hadn't tried this place out until last night. It was an amazing meal and good experience overall. I don't know much about French cuisine so didn't really have any expectations. Our waiter seemed like he was plucked from Paris the night before. He was very knowledgeable and friendly and patiently explained the menu items to us. He also provided recommendations which were helpful. The bread is really tasty and freshly warm from the oven. My boyfriend ordered the Bistro salad and we split the scallop appetizers. The scallops were served with a leek cream sauce and were made to perfection. We both ordered Steak Au Poivre, which is served with a dijon brandy sauce our server made in the dining room over an open flame. Steaks were cooked exactly as we had hoped and the sauce was delicious. Served on the side were frites which we dipped in our steak sauce. Yummy.The server suggested that day's special dessert, which I'll never remember the name of but which he described as "egg whites and candied fruit, put in the freezer for 2 days'. It was incredibly light and served slab-like. The owner came over to our table multiple times to check on us. He introduced himself by name and shook both of our hands. Overall - very impressed with the service and food. The price was reasonable. I'll definitely be going back!
4	My boyfriend and I found this place via Restaurant Week. We were highly entertained by our waiter, who seemed to be straight out of France. He was very attentive at the beginning of our dinner, but then he disappeared for a good while. It was weird, but not a big deal. Now the food....Soup: DeliciousMy entree - Poulet Roti: Very good - chicken was crispy, sauce was good, veggies were amazingBF's entree - Blanquette de Veau: Okay - nothing special; it comes with rice; a little blandAlcohol - "Flight" (3 types of wine): great choice for tasting different winesNOTE: I believe it's only valet parking. It's underneath a Holiday Inn. A great restaurant for dates.
2	This was a big let-down. The menu had so much potential, and the service was great. However, the food was very disappointing. I ordered the steak frites and it was overcooked, thin, and lacking flavor. The frites were also not impressive. My husband's veal shoulder was also rather bland.  Everything was very overpriced. Brasserie 33 is a much better option for French fare.
5	My fiance and I went to Bridge Ten Brasserie this evening and we love it!  David, our waiter is the ONE French guy in Pittsburgh and is really awesome at his job.  He was super knowledgeable, friendly, and entertaining.  The owner's son was at the front of the house and was also very friendly.  We tried escargot for the first time- I have nothing to compare it to, but it was really good!  We also got a veal dish in a cream sauce as well as a chicken dish- both were exceptional.  David also prepares some dishes in the dining room which was fun to watch.  Overall, we had an amazing dinner and we can't wait to go back!
5	In Pittsburgh for business and staying at the Holiday Inn next door, I got very lucky to find this place only a few steps away.The atmosphere was very laid back with a very friendly and attentive waitress.Being French (and my mom having her own restaurant in France), I am always very skeptical about French restaurant. This one offers good authentic food, a wide menu with simple or complex dishes and it looks like everything is made from scratch.I had the salade nicoise, the mussels and the lemon tart and everything was DELICIOUS. You can taste that the ingredients are fresh and that the cook definitely has an idea of French cuisine. By this, I mean that he keeps it simple! He does not add too many spices or mix crazy ingredients. The mussels were in a very good wine sauce and the salade nicoise had exactly what is supposed to be in this kind of salad. The lemon tart was also amazing and definitely home-made. Too many restaurants overlook the importance of desserts but this one definitely nailed it. Very good job and Pittsburgh inhabitants, please give it a try!
4	I was staying next door at the Holiday in and it was a beautiful spring evening.  The outside patio looked very inviting so I sauntered over.I didn't have time for a full meal but I did want to check this place out.  I ordered the Steak Tartare ($18).  Here they make it with prime quality beef served raw and finished with capers, minced shallots, raw egg yolk, mustard, and Worcestershire sauce.  It was superb. I enjoyed this excellent appetizer with a nice house red wine.The outside patio was very pleasant and I'm looking forward to returning for a full meal.
2	I came to this spot for a Meetup event. The place was not hard to find. I don't recall the name of my dish but basically it was a beef or lamb medallion that I ordered medium rare but came out extremely rare topped with crab and some dressing. I was initially going to order the Duck Breat with Red Wine at $28 but my waiter recommended the medallion dish, which was $35. Unfortunately it did not meet my expectations and apparently did not in my opinion merit the price. The service was good but for those prices I expect the food to be tasty if not tickle my palate. I may come back but I would probably pass on the entrees and opt for one of the appetizers, which were said to be enjoyed by my event counterparts.
5	Friday night! Amazing lobster crepes. Try their sampling menu, it's small, but an excellent way to sample their wine and palette.
4	Very authentic French Brasserie, great wine list, wonderful service.  We had mussels in wine sauce for an appetizer, then I had steak au poivre.  They sear the steak in Dijon brandy in front of you, and the peppercorns are really tasty served that way.  My son ordered the Coq au Vin, which was very moist and delicious.  Everything is prepared in the traditional French way.
5	My husband and I ate dinner here on my birthday, and we were both extremely please.  The restaurant was practically empty on a Monday night, but the waitstaff was extremely attentive.  Our waiter brought us samples of wine based on what we liked (we ended up going with beer and mixed-drinks, though the wine was very good).  The bread was warm and delicious (we were told it's made there daily) with good butter and mustard.  We tried the soup du jour, which was a yellow pepper soup, a vegetarian soup which is usually hard to find, and it was good (I added some salt and pepper to give it more of a kick).  My husband had the homestyle chicken dish, and I opted for the lobster crepe.  Both were excellent (my husband practically licked his plate clean).  The waiters and host came by numerous times to check on us and ask how everything was. It was a great experience!
3	Really tricky location.  Stopped for an event tonight.  Just had a drink.  Ok Drinks.
5	French authenticity in the heart of Pittsburgh.You'll want to spend at least two hours here, savoring the exquisite food, the artful ambiance, and, if you're lucky, a great conversation with David (tall, thin, with an accent "Da-VID") who knows what he's serving you.The owner (Dave, yes another David) has lived abroad for a long time, and he clearly loves the restaurant business. We went on a Friday night, and it wasn't crowded. But make reservations!! (They're on Open Table).The food was incredible. I'll be going back next time I'm in Pittsburgh.
4	I would concur with many others. This is a hidden gem. The food was fantastic and reasonably priced. Mussels were truly outstanding (5-star). Also, a superior and diverse wine list, most by the glass. It is a traditional French bistro. If you have any interest in that style, definitely try it out. You will enjoy.
3	Summary: Solid brasserie fare; reasonably priced; probably the best restaurant connected to a Holiday Inn Express.This is a very friendly, unpretentious restaurant, especially for French fare. The menu offers classic dishes like coq au vin, bouillabaisse, etc. -- stuff you'd find in a Year 1 French textbook printed in the 1970's. Generally, the food is well prepared -- rich flavors, good ingredients, generous portions. I highly recommend the beef tartare I had for appetizer; but my main plate, a duck dish, was a bit on the dry side; the dessert was another standard comfort food item: pot de creme.This is a likable restaurant with a likable owner and a likable wait staff. I wish them success.
4	My husband and I are from NY, we were looking for a spot for good food on the South Side of Pittsburgh and I found this place through yelp reviews.  Being from NY, we are a bit snobby about our food (not that you cant find bad restaurants in NY) and I am happy to report Bridge Ten does not disappoint. At first glance, the restaurant doesn't do much, it is in the bottom of the Holiday Inn which made me a bit nervous.  Service was excellent, always a plus.  They brought out freshly baked bread, and it actually was!  So warm, chewy on the inside, nice crisp outside.  We had the mussels to start, they were good, big mussels, great flavor.  My husband had the duck, on our servers recommendation, it took a while to cook, as to be expected, but when it came out it was falling off the bone, perfectly cooked, so moist. I had the beef bourguignon, again the meat was so tender, I just wish there was a little more.  With each dish, you could taste the great flavors there but they didn't quite maximize on them.  I had to ask for salt and pepper to help out the dish.  All in all, a good experience, 4 stars instead of 5 for the atmosphere and flavor issues.
5	In just a few words this place is amazing! Food was delicious and the service is amazing! Great atmosphere for groups or dinner for two. We didn't feel rushed but the server was very timely about getting us to our show on time. We will definitely be back!
5	It was good and a great date place!
2	Maybe I'm not a fan of French, but I found this place to be not all that great. The service was very slow and not very accommodating. I got a ham sandwich with the cheese sort of sauce on top. It was ok, but nothing outstanding especially for the high class feel the place was going for. May be back, may not.
