1	Shell Vacations Hospitality is a dreadful company. They offer great incentives like free cruises with airfare included, to attend their presentations. DON'T DO IT!My husband and I attended one and were assured it was not a time share, but rather a way to book resort and hotels and cruises at bargain prices. We were offered a 7 day cruise to sit through their spiel and the slick presentation and promises were so tempting we signed up for a minimum trial plan. I guess we are naive. We were given certificates to redeem for our cruise and told exactly when to book it in off season so it would be free. Well after 8 months we finally got our confirmation. In addition to the $99 advance fee for booking service, we found out that the trip will be another $1000. Hmmm...$1100...free...do you see the difference? Oh yeah, it appears that airfare might not be included as promisedIn the meantime we have not been able to use our membership in the Shell Vacations system, because we don't travel as frequently as some of their clients must (a couple of trips a year) AND we were holding out for our free incentive. The one trip that we thought we might be able to use it for was to New York and I guess there are no rooms there.If you have been to Oahu or Maui or San Diego or San Francisco in tourist areas, you probably have been approached by a representative of Shell Vacations. They offer great incentives to just sit in on their presentation, but well, those incentives are not so great when you consider the real cost, which can be hundreds or even thousands.So what do you call something that is advertised as FREE and costs over $1000 in hidden fees? I call it fraud...or Shell Vacations Hospitality.
1	If you are not financially savvy, let me tell you right now, this is not a good thing to do.  My husband and I were enticed into going to the presentation with the promise of a 2 night stay at an SVC resort in Sedona.  The presentation was held at the Legacy Resort in Phoenix.  When we arrived, each couple was assigned to a sales person rather than having a presentation to a large group.  The sales pitch for the vacation club is that you purchase points rather than have ownership in a property (which is what you would think of as the traditional timeshare).  The points can then be used according to where you want to travel, using more points for peak season or nicer resorts.  The salesman showed a thick book of properties where you can use your points.The kicker came when we started to talk about money.  A "finance" guy was then brought to the table.  The first shocker was that there is a monthly maintenance fee for upkeep of the property.  One question they could not adequately answer was why do we pay to maintain a property that we do not own.   The second shocker was the interest rate.  They were willing to lend us the money to buy the points package at 16.99%!  (We refused to give them our social security numbers up front for a credit check.  The rate you can get with a great credit score is 16.4%.)  Then, the biggest lie we were told is that we can go to our bank and refinance the package for a rate much less than 16%.  They would not give us any paperwork or information to take with and discuss.  There was a hard sell to sign on the spot with the understanding that we could cancel within 7 days.  We did not buy the package but did speak to our banker about it.  She said there is no way the package can be re-financed because there is no collateral.Lastly, we did get a coupon for 2 nights in Sedona, however it is not at the SVC resort.  The form says "Holiday Inn or Ramada Inn or other comparable property".
