3	I don't feel that I can give this Salvation Army a full star more than the Goodwill on Camelback. But if I could give it an extra half star, I would. It's not the cleanest, yet not the dirtiest Salvation Army. Their clothes are usually a bargain at about 2.00 a piece and a lot of digging. We have found some great stuff here, including a plastic encased Justin Timberlake beanie baby. All the other N'Sync bears were there too, but I heart JT. The prices are pretty good here, the furniture is a little pricey but that's probably because they disinfect everything. Worth the money, in my opinion. I am sure I will be in here again and again in the future.
3	So interesting that this Salvation Army hasn't made it to Yelp until now! I think this is really one of the best in town. The prices are reasonable (relatively speaking; Phoenix, y'all don't seem to realize how expensive your thrifts are) and I usually find something interesting here. There are often antiques or vintage items in the display, but be prepared to pay antique store prices for them. There is a small selection of furniture at the front of the store, and more utilitarian items towards the back. The staff is helpful and there is one little lady who is especially pleasant; every time I see her she has a kind word for me, and that has no price tag. They have some sort of special nearly every day, so great discounts are to be had. This place is in a nearly dead strip mall on a busy intersection and competes with several antique stores (who probably sourced more than a few items from here), so give it a look. It's A-OK!
4	I love thrift shopping!  I've been to this store a few times, and let me tell you, I really like it here. Since I have today off work, I decided to cruise through here to see what I could find.  I didn't buy anything this time, but I have in the past.They have a great selection of clothing, housewares and a bunch of other stuff.  I tend to do a lot of damage in the knick knack area, finding cool stuff for my kitchen, Yankee Candles and a bunch of other small items. I've even seen some really nice dish sets for sale here as well.I like this store a lot.  They have a great selection, prices are fair and everything is well organized.  I think they take donations here as well, and your bound to find something here to buy.Go check this place out! Not only will you find a great deal, but your helping people in the community who need it most!
3	This store closed when the shopping center was rehabbed about six months ago, and there are now enough tenants that it seems likely it isn't coming back. ETA 10/5/14: There will be a new Goodwill in this plaza, opening December 5, 2014!It was a perfectly decent store in its day: I once bought a purse for $1, though I resisted the $99 piano on the grounds that it would be difficult to carry home.
