5	Lorraine will help you get into an apartment asap. Truly amazing woman. One of the cleanest complexes Ive ever been to. Top notch luxurious for the price. They even have a water purification system on sight.
4	The apartment units are spacious and affordable (of course, the longer your lease contract, the more affordable). The buildings in the  complex itself are clean and well-maintained. One of the things that sets this apart from other apartment complexes is the presence of so many large shady trees and spacious inner courtyards; it really is nice to live amidst so much greenery when you're living in the middle of a desert city. The staff is courteous and efficient, and all the occasional issues I've had, such as with light fixtures or plumbing, were addressed promptly - usually within the same day, or at most, the next day if I reported the issue at or close to management office closing time. It is a gated community, and I did not experience any security issues in the 4 years that I lived here.
1	lets put it this way, its a slum. since iv lived here iv gotten BED BUGS, which i didn't even know existed in Arizona. i learned i had them after being chewed up from head to toe and only figured out what was causing these horrible red bumps all over my body after i saw numerous apartments in my building being treated by pest control. I have also found syringes several times throughout the property which i reported to police. Another grievance i have against this dump is the complete lack of security, i was nearly assaulted on two separate occasions just going out to my car at night. there has also been break-ins and half the "locked gates" can be pushed open. iv had to call the police on squatters sleeping on the property before as well and the police are here nearly every week. on top of it all the walls are PAPER THIN, you can hear everything going on in the surrounding apartments, from arguing to using the bathroom, its disgusting. the pool is usually green and when its not its flooded by people who don't even live at the complex.  YOU ARE BETTER OFF LIVING ANYWHERE BUT HERE. PROMISE.
1	lets put it this way, its a slum. since iv lived here iv gotten BED BUGS, which i didn't even know existed in Arizona. i learned i had them after being chewed up from head to toe and only figured out what was causing these horrible red bumps all over my body after i saw numerous apartments in my building being treated by pest control. I have also found syringes several times throughout the property which i reported to police. Another grievance i have against this dump is the complete lack of security, i was nearly assaulted on two separate occasions just going out to my car at night. there has also been break-ins and half the "locked gates" can be pushed open. iv had to call the police on squatters sleeping on the property before as well and the police are here nearly every week. on top of it all the walls are PAPER THIN, you can hear everything going on in the surrounding apartments, from arguing to using the bathroom, its disgusting. the pool is usually green and when its not its flooded by people who don't even live at the complex.  YOU ARE BETTER OFF LIVING ANYWHERE BUT HERE. PROMISE.
4	There were a lot of reasons as to why I was drawn to this property. The first being the location. It's close to everything, fast food, dine in restaurants, grocery stores, metrocenter mall, transit lines, and close proximity to the freeway. The second reason I chose this property is the attentive manner of the maintenance and landscaping staff. I have to say I'm not particularly fond of huge apartment complexes because they tend to look rundown and management usually is impersonal, but the park - like setting and friendly staff had me sold. The office staff are more than welcoming and were on top of any issues I had regarding normal wear and tear. I recommend this property to anyone who is looking for their money's worth.
4	I chose this complex for different reasons. The location is perfect I have many different shopping stores and restaurants surrounding the area. The price is fair for a studio. The complex is quiet and the neighbors are nice. I'm looking forward to renewing my lease here.
