4	How could you not go in with that name?  My friend said that it had expanded since she was here last.  It's a nice neighborhood bar.  We sat at some tables on a raised platform at the back, but there was good seating all over the bar.  Off to the side there was a separate room with big leather sofas, but those were taken up the whole time we were there, and we had a pretty big party anyhow....  Dart board was being played ALL night long.  Our waitress was pretty good about checking in with us, though she didn't get offended if we went up to the bar to grab a few either.  My friend also mentioned that prices had gone up a bit as now 3 drinks were about $20.  I was DD (Designated Driver) so my water was free - just how mama like.  Jukebox going all night long ranged from Fergie to Alice in Chains. Everyone got a little bit of what they wanted.  Great neighborhood hood bar, and if I was at all near the neighborhood, I'd most likely go again.
4	This is a sports bar/resturant that actually serves some decent food.  I have eaten there with friends and by myself, and its not half bad.  I wouldn't take my parents or a first date there, but worth it if your in the area and want a beer with some burgers.They have great happy hour specials with half off all appitizers.  Under new ownership as of last July, and I think thier trying to turn the place around.Bonuses of going ot this place:      Casual laid back dining atmosphere, with staff that wait on you in a reasonable amount of time.       A place I feel comfortable eating alone or with friends       Great happy hour specials on drinks and appitizers.Downside:   Outdated interior that needs updating.  Drab, dull and dark.
4	I have to admit I went for the name. It looked like a dive and did include a small disco ball and a Rockola juke box, but the place was charming. I ordered the wings and a Beagle Beer. When my friends and I arrived, it was early and not very crowded, but soon there were several people. Many of them were women AND they were late 20's - late 30's like me. Usually happy hour finds me wading amongst college kids, but this was more my speed. The service was good, but a little slow because there was only one person working at the time.  I would definitely go back - some specials on the menu including Beagle Beer for $1 from 10-12pm on Saturday and Tuesday. YUM! Come and knock on my door!
4	I really liked this bar, it was low key, unpretentious, and not too crowded for a Friday night. It's a great place to hang out with your friends. The beer was cheap and there were pool tables, a dart board, big screen tv's and karaoke. However the only thing I didn't like was that it took a long time to get the bartenders attention. It was almost like they would avoid eye contact with you so they didn't have to serve you. That was strange.
4	drunk at kona someone in our group shouts, "LET'S GO SING KARAOKE!!!!!!!!!" it was the best idea of the night, obviously. we called a bunch of karaoke bars and all had the lame response of only on sundays or thursdays. don't they know wednesday nights are where it's at?!?! we finally found this place. and they had karaoke. on wednesdays. they might have it every night. in fact, they should have it every night because that's the only reason to go to this bar. it is really skanky but a freaking blast. the patrons are unattractive but fun to sing with. and that's all that matters when you're trying to rock out to dixie chicks. good times.also, i don't think i'd ever eat here. i dont get the food vibe from this place. i've never had their food but just from hanging out in there i know i wouldn't touch their food. but that's just me i guess.
3	Met a group specifically on Sat for Karaoke which starts at 9. Our server never did make it over to the table. We all kept going to the bar to order drinks. They do have some good drink specials but ran out of the $1.75 PBR on special. Ate a burger & fries which was decent other than the bun being a bit crumbly and dry. We will def go back for more singing... Despite the service!
2	With a pool table and TV screens on every wall, the Regal Beagle is one part sports bar, two parts dive bar. Even overlooking the awkward seating arrangement, though, I was not particularly impressed. The limes we were brought were desiccated and repulsive... aaaand the server was on autopilot the whole time we were there. But if drink specials on game day are what you're looking for, this is the bar for you!
