4	Cozy and convenient place.  Very knowledgeable, friendly and attentive bartender.Stopped by for a couple glasses of wine with an old friend and thoroughly enjoyed learning about the varieties of wine that the bartender thought I might enjoy.  Trusted his judgement and tried a few and was not disappointed.  The atmosphere is very nice--not too big, not too small, nicely decorated, and quite cozy, I think. I've heard the food is good, but I've not yet tried it myself.  I certainly intend to though.
4	Located in the Baxter Village Shopping center in Fort Mill, SC (about 10 minutes south of Charlotte). Great location, great atomsphere. This is a beer/wine store, the emphasis seems to be on wine, but they do have a respectable beer selection. They also have a growler fill station with some great offerings, and a tasting bar. I love the idea of drinking a beer on tap, while I am shopping for beer.The owner, Dave, is a terrific guy and seems to know his stuff when it comes to beer. Very nice atmosphere and a dedication to customer service that is hard to find. Really a top notch place.I think the pricing is a little higher than most places but not overwhelmingly so. Overall a nice place to look if your usual place doesn't have what you are looking for.
5	In a word, AMAZING. We went on a weekend evening and were greeted by incredibly knowledgeable staff. The food was amazing, the wine was even better and my fiance said the beer was some of the best he's had. The owner was great, down to earth, making his rounds to check on people in a very personable way - the way a host would do at a cocktail party or BBQ full of friends. For a while I wasn't sure if the owner didn't actually know every one of the patrons on a personal level or not. We were there when they happened to have live music - not sure if this is a regular event or not - but what great ambiance it added! We live in California, but have resolved to go out of our way to stop by this place again the next time we happen to be in that general region. I can't say enough great things about this place, the owner or the staff! I LOVE LOVE LOVE it! If you have the chance, GO!!
5	Great, Great, Great little winebar. Every one of their bartenders/servers is not only knowledgeable about wine, but loves to talk about it, if you want to! Never once, no matter how busy they were, has a server made me feel like I was inconveniencing them when asking questions about wine to educate myself. For a boutique wine bar, the prices are very good. Also, the selection is good, but not so big you feel lost; obviously very selective in what they stock. If you want a wine warehouse, WalMart-style, go to Total Wine. If you want a great selection of wines/beers for any price range, go to the Grapevine. I'd be remiss if I didn't mention their philanthropic activity in the community as well. They always have fun "Guest Bartender" charity events, as well as donations to local charity auctions, etc. They go far and above the normal "PR" type philanthropy. The food is forgetable...just prefabbed desserts, canned olives, etc. But COME ON, you're not here for cheese...you here for the booze! Nothing is missed by the lack of food selection...especially since you're in Baxter, with it's wide selection of restaurants within 100 feet of the place.  Get some food in your stomach elsewhere, then come here and get educated on the wonders of vine and wheat!
5	My favorite place to go in Fort Mill. The staff are great, the owners are super cool, and the beer and wine selections are second to none. This is THE place to go if you are a beer snob.
4	This is a cool little (and it is little) wine shop in Pleasantville - aka Baxter Village - in Fort Mill, SC.  They are known mostly for their wine, but they also offer a good amount of craft beer.  Unlike in NC, where you can only get bottles (growlers) filled at the brewery, retail establishments can fill them in SC.  They now have 9 stations and rotate them quickly since they go through them fast.  I'd stay away from the bottles on the shelves.  They have a lot, but I noticed that some was 6 months best this "best by" date last time I was in there.  They don't offer much in the way of food, but there a few restaurants in walking distance, including Six Pence across the street.
5	Went to Grapevine for a wine tasting event - GREAT event and inexpensive! For $15 you were able to taste 6 different wines that vary in price (by the bottle) from high $20's to $80! These were VERY healthy pours for a tasting event and the owners, who put the event on, were very informative about each wine. Apparently these tastings happen every 2 weeks or so...I know I'll be back!!
5	Grapevine is for the serious wine & specialty beer drinkers. You won't come to this place to do shots of house tequila and drink Bud Light. No, here you will savor the premium quality of wines and beers available. Plan to sit back with some friends for conversation and wine or a session beer. The service is very friendly. If the owner is present, he will strike up conversation with you.There is limited seating inside and outside. First come first serve.Grapevine also has a nice selection of beers and wine you can purchase to take home. I think you can even fill a growler with the features beers on tap. Be sure to ask what beers are being featured on tap. They change it up monthly, if not weekly.Keep an eye on their calendar as well for special events hosted by the business itself.
4	I have been here several times, but mostly for their yearly March beer festival.  This time, we stopped in to meet some friends before our dinner reservation at a nearby restaurant.Now this place is not very big, so you are never too far away from the bar to order a drink.  The wine and beer selections are both extensive with a wide variety of choices.  I want to say that they have around 10 to 12 taps and they do sell growlers of beer.  The only drawback for this place is the distance from my home, but whenever you are in the Fort Mill area, I would highly recommend visiting this place. The service was attentive and timely.  They also have some appetizer type plates to offer if you want snacks with you beer/wine.Looking forward to the 5th annual beer festival in March 2013!
5	I am a fan. Try the Justing Cab.Blanched almonds for app.Wine tastings are excellent too.
4	Amazing selection of craft beer and wine, offered up by courteous and extremely knowledgeable staff.
4	This is a friendly, relaxed and intimate atmosphere with plenty of choices for wine and beer (usually 12 on tap and plenty more in bottles and cans). Enjoy  Indoor or outdoor seating or take something home from the shop, even on Sunday.Dave the owner is always very cordial and knowledgeable. The staff is fantastic. They offer plenty of  tastings and events, get on their mailing list to stay informed.  No television, yeah!  This is a great place to sit and let the world pass by for a few hours.
4	Unique!  Wish I had one close to me.  A little hard to find...the signage in this complex is a bit confusing.  I was looking for a large wine warehouse like Total Wine but this is a niche place.  Unique beer brands and wines.  They do have great prices, too.  What is nice is the varied beer tap selection and wine list for tasting.  Found a new Cava and an old favorite high gravity beer.  Worth the drive and super close to 77.Did not try the food but it did smell and look good.  Crowd at the bar was varied-everything from guys grabbing a beer after work to a girls group chattering in the corner.  Check it out and be thankful that this is close to you!
5	Great staff...nice, happy to see you, very knowledgeable about their products. Inviting to new customers. Great draft beer selection, and you take a fav home in a growler. If I ever wanted to start drinking wine, I would start here as well...
5	BEST.PLACE.IN.BAXTER!!!!My husband & I come every week for date night because of the wine, beer, ambiance & especially the Staff!!! Very knowledgeable about all wines & beer. If you want liquor or Coors light: go to Beefs or Cloud Nine down the road. This place is for "beer snobs" as I affectionately call my husband. There is a wine tasting every other Tuesday & is great for the price (usually 15-20$); no small pours! I take issue w previous reviewer Gerri H. Beertopia is A HUGE event; they were advertising it months ago. I DO NOT believe ANYONE was nasty to you...the owners or any of the staff. I also live in Baxter & will gladly drink your portion of beer & wine....
5	Grapevine has earned 5 stars.  They now have 10-14 rotating taps and you can have any growler filled with any of them unlike in NC.  They always get good beer in for their special one-time cask events, and everyone who works here is very nice and friendly.  They also do a lot of charitable events and their Beertopia is one of the best beer festivals in the Charlotte area selling out days in advance with no advertising.  It looks like it might be a pretentious wine shop from the outside, but it is very laid back and there is always good beer.
5	I don't know how they do it - every time I'm in Grapevine, the place is bumpin', but the staff just keeps jumpin'.  From beer to cider to wine, the options are plentiful and will satisfy a range of palettes.  You can order by the glass or by the bottle, and if nothing on the menu strikes your fancy, feel free to pick a bottle from the store and have it corked right there.  The staff is knowledgable about the choices and will help you make decisions.  Food options are small but tasty and feel like little treats (dear god, I love some humbold fog cheese).  Indoor bar seating, indoor table seating, and two outdoor seating areas (alongside the sidewalk and in a side patio with firepits) mean you can almost always find a place to rest your rump.  Cheers to Grapevine!
4	Good Ole South Carolina Awesomeness..While working in Fort Mill, SC at a client site I became a tourist and fan of the Baxter Village restaurants and shops.I stumbled across this wine bar after dinner at The Fish Market which is across the street, while walking to my car.This place immediately became my new wine hang out  (Wine is Wisdom ;-) The manager Dave was VERY welcoming and immediately welcomed me to the bar and had me trying all types of wines before I decided on the wine I wanted to indulge it. After talking about what I do, where I'm from among other things I ended up with the Red Flight as I was trying to get into Reds at the time and after my flight I must sayThe Red Flight is a MUST!!I LOVE this place, it's like CHEERS everyone is so down to earth and friendly there this includes the staff and the patrons. I never had anything to eat there as I am ALWAYS ready for some wine but I have brought gifts for my wine loving friends as they also sell Cute trinkets.I brought my girlfriend a shirt for her Birthday that saidWater has BacteriaWine is Healthy and something else I can't remember but it was Funny and cute. I also brought a cute Wine book for pairing that I presented to her as wellOverall a great place in Baxter Village that I plan to take my friends to this summer around my birthday. I decided to move to NC after working in NC for a year so it's just a short drive (in my opinion) away from Charlotte.
5	By far the best Wine and Beer bar in York County and possibly S Charlotte. Calling it a bar really gives them dis-justice. They have an impressive retail side with over a dozen rotating draft selections for growler pours or to enjoy there. Over 100 wine labels not found in your local grocery store. If your a beer geek or a cork dork, you need to go by and appreciate what the owner Dave has done in this space. Service is always on key lunch to midnight-absolutely has earned 5 stars+!Jeff L
5	Outstanding local spot to get craft beer.  Nowhere else in Fort Mill has the selection that Grapevine has.  Bartenders are awesome.  Taps are rotating all the time so its hard to keep up!  Great place to sit outside and have a cigar.Beertopia is the annual beer fest they have the weekend before St. Patrick's Day. Hands down best beer festival i've ever been to.  Large enough to spread out, small enough to try everything.
5	Love this little gem in Baxter. They have outside seating which is awesome on a nice day. Every year they hold a "Beertopia" which is a giant outdoor beer tasting that pulls some great breweries. You can stop in any day of the week to enjoy a drink or pick something special up to go. Highly recommended for their  and selection!
5	Awesome place to hang out.  The staff is very friendly and they have a huge selection of both wine and beer.  They also rotate their offerings frequently so there is always something new to try.They also have a great community involvement.  They seem to host various club nights, charity fund raiser events, and a number of social mixers.If your in the area you must stop by this place!
5	A great hangout and wonderful business citizens.  They have an extensive craft beer selection (and growler station) and are always helpful with recommendations and tastes.  Nothing can top their annual Beertopia festival in March - we look forward to it every year.  The cheese tray and almonds are wonderful, too, if you're looking a little nosh while you sip.
5	A cool venue to relax and have some wine after hours. The Grapevine stays open late and is well-known in the area as a great place to meet your friends. There's no loud music to scream over (great for a date night), and lots of patio room in case you want to sit outdoors. Very relaxed (servers aren't rushing you out of your seat), and they have a huge selection of drinks so there's a little something for everyone... who's legal.
