5	Benefit brow bar is amazing! Martyna is the best esthetician in Charlotte. I have tried artificial lashes, brow waxes and make up applications at this location. Everyone is very talented and they all provide great customer service. I love going to the Benefit Brow bar because the employees always brighten my day and make me beautiful!
4	Definitely beats getting your brows waxed at a kiosk in the mall in full view of passersby. The licensed estheticians or Benefit Cosmetics rep (if estheticians are still finishing up w current client) greet you promptly at your scheduled appointment time. *Note: make an appointment. Although they happily accept walkups if time permits, those w an appt get top priority.They will then ask you a few questions about your skin (allergies, medications, recent treatments). This is followed by a thorough and relatively pain-free (definitely subjective) wax and pluck session. Afterwards, if you want, she will touch up or apply a bit of eye makeup. You can pay for your service with your Belk card since it's located in the department store.
5	My mom and I stopped here on our way to the MAC counter and WOW we are impressed. The woman were amazing at shaping our brows to our face and taking their time cleaning them up. Talking to the esthetician they only do face waxing so their wax was a special face wax and wow did it make a difference! It was only $20 for the wax and I have never received a better value or brow shaping. It is incredibly comfortable, quick and for the price an amazing value! They even touched up my face with fresh makeup  so I didnt have to walk around the mall with the redness.If I lived in Charlotte I would return to this brow bar no questions asked. Thankfully they are all over the country. I will be trying the one in San Diego
4	The Brow Bar is convenient, if you need to take care of some things @ the Mall. You can make an appointment, leave your name, or come back for a "walk-up". The staff is friendly and prices are great. A definite treat at the mall!
5	So I have been getting my eyebrows waxed since I was a teenager and never really had a shape. This year I decided, I wanted to have an arch and get some bold brows. Not really sure where to go or who to see, I was browsing through the South Park mall one day, killing some time, and saw the Brow Bar. Thinking I couldn't stand my eyebrows another minute, I stopped to see if they could fit me in. Luckily they had time (every time since then I have tried this, they have been booked, so beware and make the appointment) and got me in. First, the esthetician explained their products to me in great detail. I loved this because I have super sensitive skin ( after I get my eyebrows waxed, I look like I got punched in both eyes because I am so red) and was worried. She asked me if I had any preferences and I told her I was trying to get some shape or an arch or something. She understood immediately what I meant and got right to work. Using a special marker, she marked off areas and then showed me on a mirror what she was going to do. She was super gentle and the process went so smoothly, I was thrilled. My brows looked great and I was so pleased.Here is the best part, ladies. They fix your make-up afterwards!!! I was worried I was going to be walking around the mall looking like a crazy lady, but I was walking around better than I walked in. It's a great way to demo and try out their products without buying anything as well. I have since brought my roommate who had the world's thinnest eyebrows, and she is now growing them out, and also in love with the Brow Bar. $20 is a little pricey compared to some salons, but it was money well spent.
5	You definitely need an appointment, but the work they do is amazing!  I have been here three times and had different esthetician's and they are all amazing.  They do excellent work and are really trained to make your eyebrows neat, shaped for my face and most importantly, even.  The cost is $20 (plus cash tip) and totally worth it.  Most women can relate to having had bad eyebrow jobs in nail salons, I've left with short eyebrows, uneven eyebrows and the worst: burned by the wax.  Those experiences are gone, now that I have discovered the Benefit Eyebrow Bar.  If you want a job well done, check these ladies out!  A bonus, you can talk about Benefit cosmetics the whole time - I always leave with a little something I've been "talked into" buying.  Sure, twist my arm!  Try the Lollitint or my favorite, Sun Beam!
5	It is seriously worth pay $20 here to get your eye brows done. They take their time to get them perfect! You do need to make an appointment unless you want to take the risk to drop in. They're usually busy which shows how popular they are! I recommend Lauren. You have to tip in cash - so plan to bring some with you!
5	Benefit Brow Bar @ South park is wonderful! I've been a Benebabe for a while now but never went to Brow Bar. Katie waxed & tinted my brows. Great atmosphere & licensed estheticians make sure you're taken care of. Very clean, no double dipping in the wax. If you get tint they do allergic spot test on you before even thinking about putting it on your brows. Definitely worth every penny! Don't forget to book you're appointment with Katie!
2	This review is based on the customer service because my amazing aesthetician, Lauren, just left. I loved her and she was the only reason I kept coming back. Each time I have spoken with a girl over the phone or in person, about how they operate with hours and such, they haven't been that friendly. They are short and don't seem happy and I've never given them a reason to do so, even though I feel that good customer service should be there regardless if the customer is being difficult or not. So Lauren was 5 stars but the customer service is 2 stars. Will I keep going? Maybe. I know that others have loved the other ladies do their brows so maybe this can be a way for them to freshen up on the customer service end. *Also, you have to tip with cash/check which I wish they would have explained to me over the phone before my first apt. I always love tipping every time!
1	The turn over is very high here. There have been some amazing, talented Aestheticians and Beauty Artists who have since left this counter, myself included. I used to let Lauren attend to my brows because Megan always left extra to be tweezed not worth the $20 I paid because employees didn't get free brows or discounts. I would never let Katie touch me because she doesn't do mediocre brows well. I'm sorry but if I'm going to pay that kind of money I want every PENNY worth. As a result of me having been a paying customer I feel my review is more than credible. It shows who I prefer to invest in.These girls don't care about the client they only care about the ridiculous goals they have to make. Listen to them pitch products as soon as you sit down until you leave their chair. The downside is that you have to return in the recommended 3 weeks if not sooner. "Jessica D." my numbers don't lie and they never have but I think 6 people leaving in a single calendar year qualifies as a high turn over and highlights a severe problem with management of people/resources. Even the counter manager quit after 6 months! As for making the company look bad I don't have to do that. This counter has killed itself without any extra help. Sandra O. confirms what I'm saying in her post. Amanda E. confirms what I'm saying if you'd read her unbiased post. Brows are not such trivial things any more - you can't just let everyone do them and wish for the best.The beauty artists who are still there Judy/Wanda are dolls! I love them and I am saddened to hear that they don't have any support at the counter.
1	Terrible service.  There was NO one  at the brow bar.  I asked a clerk in perfume what was up.  Told they were at lunch.  I was advised that they had a bunch of folks that quit recently.  The aesthetician did not know the products and did not want to be left to work the sales counter.  So, she takes her lunch with the sales clerk.  Really?  A bunch of folks quit at the same time  recently?  Aesthetician doesn't know the products and her solution is to leave for lunch with sales clerk and leave the bar with no help?  This is real professional.  No thank you.  I go elsewhere.  Beware.  This place has big problems.  No management.
