4	This is my second year to attend this.  Great time to be had, especially if you like to get your food and drink fill.  Last year, the BF and I were so full by the time we got half way through the offerings that this year we decided on a different strategy.  I'm sorry to say I only sampled a little chocolate and for the most part stayed clear of desserts so can't really comment on those.  The other offerings though are another matter.  I would say for the most part - the food was awesome.  There were a few not so good offerings, but all in all my taste buds were quite happy.  For the most part, this year was the year of the slider and most of them were not that great.  The buns were cold and the meat dry.  Probably a difficult item to serve at an event such as this.  That being said - there were at least two that surpassed all.  They were juicy, full of flavor and the bun lightly toasted and warm.  The black cod from Nobu - mmmmm....give me Nobu any day of the year! (see that review from the following night's pigout).  Guy Savoy's table was serving up artichoke and black truffle soup - heaven, pure heaven.  Another place I'm sure we will visit the next time we are in Vegas.   Honestly there was so much goodness next year if I can manage to capture it all I will, but I'm usually too busy eating.  Though I'm not sure if this was better than last year's, I certainly didn't leave it hungry (or thirsty for that matter).  I'm sure it will be high on our list of events to attend at Vegas Uncork'd 2012!
5	This was my second year attending this event and I had a much more enjoyable experience although I was more than pleased my first go around.  The difference was preparation, strategy, and implementing/executing during the Grand Tasting Main Event.  I am going to share with you what made my experience more enjoyable. First off, book your tickets in advance and pick up your tickets at Will Call at least a day before to avoid the mad rush.  Second, arrive AT LEAST an hour early day of.  We got there at least an hour before and while we were probably in the 3-400 range in line, it gave us a head start on the 2,500+ attendees.Next when the doors open, go as far back as you can to hit all the other booths.  Every novice is going to be taken back in amazement by the dazzling display and will park at all of the first booths they see.  This creates a log jam and ineffectively screws up your efficiency and time.  You have 2.5 hours to hit up close to 100 fine dining establishments.  In other words, less than 2 minutes per station.  This gave us a HUGE advantage over everyone else as we navigated with ease.  Going in a group is great because you can share samples.  I know this sounds insane but with a star studded lineup of world class fine dining, you gotta save room to sample it all.  Don't eat every slider you come across.  Take a bite - pass it to your partner and toss it.  There will be at least 10 more different sliders/burgers you'll come across.   Be strategic with your carb attacks.  I like to do a ratio of 80% Meat, 10% carbs, and 10% liquids.  And by all means.....Hydrate.....i done nearly passed out an hour into it and was having a panic attack that I wouldn't be able to make my full rotation.  Luckily I rose to the occasion.  Last advice - do not park at Caesars.  I gotta withhold where I park but park anywhere but Caesars to avoid a serious log jam arriving and departing from the event.Definitely check out Uncork'd Grand Tasting if you are a food and/or wine snob.  I highly recommend it!
5	I've heard from multiple sources that this is THE Uncork'd event to if you have to pick one.  Set within the Garden of the Gods pool area, the entire perimeter is stationed with fabulous Las Vegas restaurants which whip up a small sample of food for you to try.I began trying everything starting with Joel Robuchon and ending with Max Brenner.  It took me roughly the entire event to make my way through the masses and try everything, but I did it (and 24 hours later I'm still digesting).There are only a few problems with this event:1. The crowds of people making it hard to navigate. 2. Lack of seating3. So much food that after a while it all blends together.I saw almost every chef representing his/her establishment and they were nice enough to take pictures with guests.  The price tag is hefty, but where in town can you get samples of cuisine from all sorts of cultures and price ranges, not to mention the chefs themselves!  Bring your appetite and a few extra hands!
