5	Amazing service. Always on time. And looks for problem areas. Never leaves you on the dark about what's going on and leaves your house bug free.  I will always use sintech for my pest problems!
5	Always amazing service. I lived in an apt last year. When I moved in I had german cockroaches. The office stated they had already had their company spray twice. Well sintech came in and sprayed and w in a couple of days they were actually DEAD! And I saw maybe one or two dead throughout the year I lived there. A couple of years before that had bed bugs. Paid another company 500 dollars to get rid of them. Never happened. Sintech came in and guess what saved all my furniture and got actually rid of them. They are amazing
5	These guys are the best around. My rep Jeremy was on time and had all the right equipment to help with our mouse problem. Mice are the worst always sneaking up on you and chewing holes in everything. Once Sintech laid there traps it was hours till we felt relieved. DC sound is officially mouse and Rat free wink, wink. Thank you Jeremy and Sintech.
5	I never thought about reviewing my bug man, but when I have such a great experience, no matter the company, I like to give credit where its due. I have been using SinTech for about 4 years, and I would not even consider calling another company. In the Vegas heat, it is not an easy task getting rid of all the critters that come out, looking for cool air. I had a crazy ant infestation a few years back where I considered throwing away everything in my kitchen. After one super spray from these guys, that was not necessary.  Price is very reasonable, and I have never once seen anything but dead bugs after they leave. I just moved into a new home and it went from pretty bad, to great after a spray from Jeremy. They call us to remind us when it's our time, which totally helps my busy schedule. They work around me and come at the end of the business day, even when it's over 100 out. Just an all around good company, ran by good people. I never get a bad or shady feeling. I never have bug issues after they leave, and I always get GREAT customer service. What more can I ask for?
