4	This hotel is a great bargain for the quality that you get.  The rooms are really nice, decorated with a purpose, and really comfortable beds.  There was even a "living room" area separated by a half wall from the bed area, with a sectional couch.  The tv (flatscreen) rotated to accommodate where you were viewing from.  The channels were abundant, and in our room, were stuck on discovery channel watching "I shouldn't be alive".  That show kept us from getting our day started.  The front desk was really friendly, and helpful.  They all wore smiles and engaged in appropriate conversation.The free breakfast was really good too.  Biscuits and gravy, oatmeal, cereal, bagels, donuts, danishes, and really yummy fruit salad.  Lots of seattles best coffee to choose from, and the juice/milk area was really cute because they put them in pitchers.  It really felt like you were in someones home rather than in a hotel.  Considering we were on a week long vacation throughout the Wisconsin/Illinois/Indiana area, this was by far the nicest, most comfortable and accommodating hotel that we stayed at by far.
4	This hotel is brand new so the rooms are really nicely equipped.  Great huge size and modern decorating.  I liked the separate living room area that was partitioned off by a screen thing.  It felt like being at home.  I have to admit, at first I thought it was a coffee shop, but it was actually the front desk.  Overall though, it has a really comfortable, fresh, clean feeling and vibe, very nice hotel.  Pool was small but very refreshing.  The breakfast is a miss though.  Very boring selection for "continental" breakfast.  I ended up ordering from the limited breakfast menu every day.  All the food I got there was reasonably priced and very delicious.I can not say enough about the staff though!  They were so accommodating and hospitable!  I felt like I was part of their family the second I walked in the hotel.  They just couldn't be happier helping me get cabs or recommending a good restaurant or just listening (and caring) about the goings on of my day!If I every travel to Madison again, I will most definitely, without hesitation, stay at the Hyatt Place again!
5	The Hyatt Place is a fantastic newly constructed design and sets the pace for Hyatt's relatively recent addition of a European style hotel. With Hyatt Place, Hyatt Hotels has returned to its tradition of providing spacious and well designed rooms, to a lobby, espresso bar, and breakfast area that makes the competition (Hilton Garden Inn, Doubletree, and Marriott) look meager by comparison. In fact, there is no comparison.The Hyatt Place in Madison is led by an attentive and very visible General Manager, Mark Niebauer, who I met while staying there for several days this week. And the staff is friendly and helpful. The fitness center and pool make for a nice complement. The hotel is just off the Capitol square.Five stars and a great value.
1	Really, really poor service.  Front desk staff was in a great mood, but that's because they were socializing with a group of guests/friends in the lounge area.  I felt like *I* was the one being rude by interrupting their conversation.  The crib that was supposed to be in our room was not.  We desperately needed it.  We called and then waited, and waited, and waited....  Sound-proofing is non-existent.  Got no sleep.When I expressed my concerns to the staff at check-out, their articulate response was "oh."Never again.
4	Great hotel; great location; great staff - 'nuf said.Tamika is amazing - she remembers every guest's name and goes out of her way to make everyone feel welcome!
4	This is what all business hotels should be like.  Inviting, very well furnished and equipped, friendly staff.  There's places nearby to sightsee and eat, and the 24 hour food service in the lobby is a godsend for night owls like me.  I was able to rest well and prepare for an important event thanks to the amenities here.  I actually sort of wish I didn't have to leave.Minus one star for some issues -- the heater/air-conditioning unit and refrigerator were really noisy when activated though, so I left both off.  The iron also had some kind of mold from water left in it from previous use.
4	We have stayed here twice now and honestly, I love this place! It is my new go-to in Madison! It's not a 5 star hotel, but it is seriously all I need. I like when hotels are new, clean, and friendly. I love the modern decor and how the rooms are laid out. They are different than most hotel rooms I have been to. Everything is great quality. They have a good breakfast in the morning and you can order full breakfasts too that cost money. The regular one is free and had a great selection. I love that they have drinks and snacks you can buy at the front desk. The front desk staff was also very friendly. Friends we were with had an issue with their room and the hotel totally comped it! Free room! I have NEVER seen that done before.This is a great place to stay if you want a modern, hip hotel that isn't overly expensive and in a great location!  PS Free wifi too!PPS They will drive you anywhere in their little shuttle! Cool!
4	This is a great, comfortable and convenient hotel located in downtown Madison.  It is an easy walk to the lakes, the Capitol and to campus.  The parking is only $10/day and it provides in and out privileges.
4	A clean, new, affordable place to stay near downtown Madison.Parking is only $10 a night - affordable! The lobby is nice and open, with a grab n go station for drinks, snacks, etc. There is no bar/restaurant but the grab n go station also stays open at night for made to order snacks and has a very limited bar. It's kind of weird because it's attached to the check in desk and there is aboslutely no atmosphere that's condusive to cocktailing.The room was spacious - a verrrry large telvision along with the sink/vanity outside the bathroom and a roomy shower. Agreed with some design mistakes - like the big door in the bathroom, or carpeting around the sink area. I'd stay here again if I were in town - affordable, clean, and convenient. that's about all I need for a short stay!
4	Our home away from home when visiting Madison.  I've stayed here at least 7 times in the past 2 years and really like the location.  Just a couple of blocks from the capital square and the best farmers market in the nation and a short walk to the University of Wisconsin campus.Plenty of parking here and the rooms are decent sized.  I'll be back.
5	My family and I took a weekend trip from Chicago to Madison.  We booked our reservations online for the Hyatt Place.  We got two adjoining rooms because we had six people.  It was nice to have rooms that connected, instead of going in the hallway to talk with visit with the others.  The pool was nice, but on the smaller side.  The layout of the rooms were also nice, with the mini screen separating the living area from the sleeping area.    The location is great.  It's a short walk to the capital and the University of Wisconsin-Madison campus.  If you get a room toward the back of the hotel they have view of Lake Monona.  Plus, they parking $10 per day per car.  There are a ton of parking spaces for the hotel which is nice and you can go in and out of the garage, once you get your room key.
4	An updated Hotel around the Capital, Hoooray!! We stayed here for a long weekend and had a great experience. We brought our 1 year old with for the journey and found all the accommodations to be really nice. Rooms are very spacious and amenities are upper end, and especially for Madison hotels near the capital. Parking is ample, easy and affordable. Hidden perk, its only a 3 to 5 minute walk from the Old Fashioned and Teddy Wedgers!
4	After driving 3 hours in thunderstorms and sideways rain we arrive at our Hotel to find the power is out.   3 hours later we need a plan B - we have to have power (for obvious reasons!).  We were able to get into the Hyatt at 11PM at night.  Staff was great, very welcoming.  This is a nice hotel, great breakfast in the morning, really comfortable rooms with a separate area with a couch, fridge and desk. Nice layout.  I also appreciate getting in on short (no) notice and that the hotel was so well priced.  Nice pool and fitness area. Only stayed the night but we enjoyed it.
4	Very good experience.  Clean facilities, polite and kind staff, big tv in the room, good use of space in the room, great location - close to everything downtown and to state street.  A little corporate (not as cozy feeling as Madison Concourse Hotel), but the cheaper price made up for that!  Special shout out to Jay - the manager on duty on 8/7 - my car needed a jump and he used his personal vehicle to give me a boost and put me on my way.  Would definitely stay again!
4	I recently stayed here for a conference in the Capitol Square area.Loved: -Newer hotel with contemporary styling-Super clean-Complimentary hot and cold breakfast in the lobby area (breakfast sandwiches FTW!)-Complimentary coffee and tea bar in the lobby area-Grab 'n go dessert case and full coffee bar, for purchase, in the same area-Complimentary WiFiLiked:-Easy access to downtown Madison-I didn't use it, but they offered an airport shuttle that seemed to run pretty regularly-Friendly staff who let me keep my car parked past check-out for no added cost-Comparable rates to nearby hotels-Didn't have time to use them, but the pool and fitness center looked niceMeh:-Walls aren't THAT thick - could pretty easily hear hallway conversation and noise from nearby roomsI'd definitely stay here again and would recommend it for anyone visiting Madison!
5	This is my getaway spot if I want to stay relatively close to home, but still wind down from the trials of daily life.When you check into a Hyatt Place, you must understand that this line is geared toward younger, hipper, business travelers. If you're wanting some family friendly vacation, with requisite mouse ears or large foam fingers, find a Best Western. Hyatt Place's check in desk doubles as a coffee bar, a liquor bar (complete with local beers and a special-made wine just for Hyatt Place), and a small food menu. The same attendants that check you in will likely be your bartender and the person fixing your food.I love this - it means that you really get the feeling of knowing these people, and they love to share tips about local shopping, dining, and just life in general. It's quite endearing, and one of my favorite things about staying in any Hyatt Place.The rooms here are exquisite. It feels like you're staying in a high dollar, boutique hotel, but you're not paying the price. And the showers - oh, if it was as easy to steal the showers as it was the towels, I'd have robbed Hyatt Place blind. They showers are divine - glass doors, good water pressure, perfect water temperature. Just perfect.One of the best beds I've ever slept in, too. This is a traveler's dream, and the Hyatt Place Madison is by far my favorite. The front door staff is five star - all of them.
4	I really do like this place and will probably stay here from now on when in Madison. The staff is so helpful. They will take and pick you up from anywhere within a mile with the free shuttle service that runs until 10pm. Free breakfast - cereal, yogurt, fruits, breads, juices, coffee,breakfast sandwiches or for a fee you can order off of their 24 hour menu. They also have cocktails in the lobby in the afternoon. Work out room was small but very clean and very new equipment. Room was very clean and just as shown on web site. I really liked the set up as we were there 4 nights and I used it as my office for two full days. Has mini fridge. Very clean. Two negatives - for someone who likes to unpack - limited drawer space and the closet is very weird - another reviewer described it perfectly - it is hard to get anything in or out of there. Bathroom also very small but functional. Our room had something weird going on with the temp....even though you have a thermostat it didn't seem to matter - it was blowing cold air most of the time. We couldn't get it right. Oh also since I happen to be there all day one day had a surprise afternoon visit by housekeeping that seemed surprised I was in there when she let her self in and than just asked if I needed anything and left. The following day I was not there in the morning but in the afternoon had a knock...opened to a man with a Hyatt jacket that said "oh sorry I can come back later" stupidly I didn't ask him for ID or what he wanted I just said he could come in which he did - went to bathroom - turned the shower on for a split second and then said thank you and left. I meant to mention that to management - I thought that was odd. Once a day check in from housekeeping is plenty and a call from the front desk if maintenance needed to come up would have been appreciated.  Overall though I did like the location - about a block and a half off of the square - very clean - staff at desk excellent.
4	My girlfriend and I stayed here over MLK weekend and found it to be perfectly acceptable for the price. (We paid $116/night with only a week's notice. We're from D.C. so this is not exorbitant to us.)We enjoyed the free breakfast tin the lobby each morning. The food wasn't amazing, but I'm not picky and found it to be perfectly suitable. The hot choices included a different egg sandwich depending on the day, pancakes or French toast, and oatmeal. (You could also toast your own bagel/bread.) They also had fresh fruit, little cereal boxes, muffins, donuts, coffee...The staff was courteous and helpful. We utilized their free shuttle to and from the airport which was less than a 15 minute drive. No problems there.The room was spacious and very corporate looking. Large couch, big tv which could be angled to the bed or couch, and free wi-fi. I found the bed to be comfortable except the head of the bed felt lower than the foot of the bed. Maybe it was just me, but I felt like my pillow just made my head level with feet instead of above it. I actually slept with my head at the foot of the bed one night because I was getting stuffed up from my head feeling so low. Weird, I know.Our bathroom was really the only downside to the room. While the shower was huge (note, you can shower with your significant other and enjoy serious space), there was only 1 energy-efficient light in the bathroom which a.) took 2 minutes to get to full brightness and b.) never really lit up the whole bathroom. Seriously, it was like using a bathroom in a dungeon. Also, the door to the bathroom was gigantic to the point of having to squeeze yourself next to the side of the toilet to close it. For such a new hotel, it's strange they didn't foresee that problem.All in all we'd stay here again. The price isn't the cheapest in the area, but it's certainly clean and fresh enough to warrant the few extra dollars it cost to stay there.
5	I thought this hotel was excellent for the price range.  The room was large and clean.  It was also just a very well designed room.  For example, the faucet was offset to one side of the sink, meaning one person could brush their teeth, wash their hands, whatever, while the other could use the mirror.  (Plus there was another large mirror over the dresser/mini-fridge/counter area AND...wait for it...a full length mirror on the wall.)  There was a large L-shaped sofa in the room, which I believe even folds out to a bed.  Also an ottoman with a tray on it for drinks, etc.  The TV swivels so it can face the sofa or the bed.  I think this room must be designed for business/meeting travelers, because there was an AV input panel and stuff, so you could give a presentation in your room (and it was on the same floor as one of the meeting rooms).  There was a master light switch for the room, which meant we didn't have to go switching on and off every individual lamp when we came and went.  (Although it did take me a second to realize why I couldn't turn any lights on when I first came in lol.)  I'm pretty sure that the light in the bathroom turns on dim when the other lights, or maybe the master switch, are off, so you don't wake your partner up or blind yourself when you go to the bathroom at night.  When the other lights are on, the light in the bathroom turns on brighter, so you can shower, etc.  There's only a glass stall shower (no bathtub), but it's very big and nice.  Like in a lot of other hotels, the shower and toilet are in a separate room, but the sink is out in the room so someone can use it while the other is showering or using the toilet.  There's a digital thermostat so you can control the temp in the room to the degree.  Best of all, the bed was super comfy and the halls were quiet, even on a Saturday night!The location is excellent.  Only 1.5 blocks from the capitol building and the shops and restaurants on the square.  When you step out the front door, you get a beautiful view of the capitol building to your right.  (We happened to be there during Winter Fest, so there were all kinds of fun events happening, including cross country ski races around the square.)  Parking is only $10 a night, which is competitive.Also, free wi-fi and free breakfast with hot options and Starbucks coffees and Tazo teas.  Any negatives were small and not even worth mentioning.  We definitely got a great deal!
4	A 4.5 star experience at the Hyatt Place for me. I came to Madison for a wedding, and stayed at the Hyatt instead of where the wedding was cause it was a much better deal. The hotel looks brand new/modern. The rooms are spacious with a large sectional couch that could probably sleep two if necessary. Parking is a pretty good deal at $10/day. The location is awesome- right by Capitol square. Breakfast in the morning is wonderful! By far the best complimentary hotel breakfast I have ever had- worth waking up early for. I will for sue be staying here next time I'm in Madison.
3	The Hyatt Place Madison is a perfectly acceptable place to stay for one or two nights, which is what we did. If I was staying longer, I'd probably wish to stay somewhere else.+ free wi-fi. I think it's really obnoxious to charge guests extra for wi-fi (it's right up there with the mandatory "resort" fee some hotels charge). We're all going to use it, so just bury it in my room rate and don't nickel and dime me to use it. + newer hotel, so it doesn't feel stale or smell weird+ friendly staff+ free continental breakfast+ convenient location; walking distance to downtown area+ two-person shower (for those of us wishing to conserve water; we didn't use it for anything else, I swear!), with a large shower head and great water pressure+/- $10/day to park+/- comfortable bed, lousy pillows+/- rate was average; not super cheap, but not expensive- poor signage for parking garage. The lot is shared with the clinic next door and you're not really sure where to go- garage had creaky elevators that don't always open completely (?)- there were a couple errant hairs in the shower that did not belong to us since it was our first time using it. Gross.-not much door clearance in the bathroom; hard to maneuver around in such a small space - A/C blew ridiculously cold air in one spot and the air never circulatedAs I mentioned, this hotel was just fine and certainly served its purpose: A bed to sleep in, a place to shower, and a rest stop in between running around eating and drinking. It's definitely not super luxurious, but it's certainly not a dump. It's average, but average is a-ok in my book. We get to Madison a few times a year and would most likely stay here again if it was a short visit.
4	Located just a block from the capital and within walking distance of lots of restaurants and pubs, this well managed, new, and clean hotel was just what this weary traveler needed.  We happened to be in Madison during the weekend of the Arts fair, and the location of this hotel enable us to stroll up and around the capital building and enjoy the many nifty booths.  Indoor garage parking is another $10/day which was fine, and the room itself...a suite...was only in the $150/night range.  Free wifi and a decent breakfast are included.
4	This is the best place to stay in Madison. Reasonably priced for an unbeatable location, spacious accommodations, great amenities, and friendly service. After a long drive from Chicago to my alma-mater, I am always relieved and feel at home when I get to my Hyatt Place hotel room. This place is great for a group of close friends sharing a room. The extra living room area is perfect for entertaining and features a sleeper-sofa. The 24/7 room service is convenient after a long night on State Street. Join Hyatt's rewards program. I earned a free night after 4 stays!
5	Can't say enough nice things about this lovely hotel! Staff were warm, knowledgable, and pleasant. The lobby and breakfast area were inviting and upscale without being stuffy. The rooms were beautifully designed and I loved the layout. A few blocks walk from both the Capitol square and all the fun restaurants and shops on the edge of campus. I hope we have a reason to return in the future!
4	Like any smart real estate investor, it's all about location. location. location. And this Hyatt Place does do Bucky some justice. It's just close enough to the Capitol for easy farmer's market or upscale dining access, and just a hop, skip and jump away from campus. The good: -Free, stable Wi-Fi-Modern, clean, updated decor-Free, basic buffet breakfast-List of freebies you can request from the front desk - from feminine products, to shower caps, to toothpaste. -There's also a list of free to borrow items - hairdryers, flat irons, baby crib, etc.-Friendly staff-Huge shower-The small cafeteria (with bottled drinks and snacks) is seemingly open at all hours. -Easy parking Some room for improvement...-Bathroom lighting (toilet and shower) is atrocious. Not only does the *one* small can light take forever to warm up, and thus light up, but it barely illuminates the shower. -Free toiletries are just mediocre, and no body lotion. Womp womp. -Workout facility (i.e. the small room with just a handful of machines) is pretty sad. Good thing the Madison campus is so beautiful and conducive to walking/running...until it's freezing.-Rate with tax was pretty steep ($250+ tax per night) but considering it was a game day weekend, that's about average, unfortunately.Overall, I'd most definitely stay here again all things considered!
4	Excellent location, free breakfast (very well made too!) and comfy quarters for the suite-style rooms. Though I didn't get it, I could tell the room service meals were pretty delicious. I wasn't a big fan of the pay-per-view movies that were on the TV guide (these included adult films...) but the hotel had a pool and exercise room, as well as a computer station (these computers were so-so).This is an easy walk to the Capitol or State St!
4	I think it's kind of random to post a review for a hotel when you live just blocks away, but I've had friends stay there twice now and have nothing but good things to say about the Hyatt Place. Most recently I stopped by to hang out with a friend and was really impressed:-CLEAN. So clean. I wish my own home were this clean.-Great downtown location about two blocks from the capital (amazing during farmers' market season) walking distance from State St. and lots of great downtown restaurants-Huge wraparound couch for lounging and watching TV-Supah nice big screen TV-Small fridge for storing food (or a case of beer)-Enormous bedI'd recommend this place to anyone looking to spend a few nights downtown!
4	I really liked this hotel!  We stayed here because we wanted to go somewhere close, and we had a GC for a Hyatt hotel.  So after doing our research, we decided this was the place for us!The rooms were really spacious and clean.  I loved having a couch and a separate little living room-t-sleeping-area going!  It was helpful for when I wanted to go to bed and nobody else did.  Yes, it's just a frosted glass partition, but it got the job done.The room also came with a fridge, which was really helpful when I over-ordered from places! :)They had a REALLY good breakfast in the morning that I would describe as "Continental PLUS".  Not just your standard bagels and dry cereal.  There was so much more, and it was all included in the price.  I was really impressed.I would definitely stay here again!
3	As far as I could tell, unless using the amenities, there is nothing special about Hyatt Place. It did not stand out from the La Quintas and Holiday Inns i've been to in the past.My stay was nice enough, but nothing made it a cut above the others, it was just a place to put my bag during the day and lay my head at night. My room consisted of a king sized bed, sofa sleeper, mini fridge, awkward bathroom, and a TV that went unused. The "amenities" were odd. For ten dollars extra (daily) you could park your car. The pool was tiny. The bar was limited, but the bartender tried her best to make what I wanted. Supposedly there was a work out room, but I didn't see it. The downstairs/common areas were spacious and offered plenty of room for guests to mingle.Several things caught me off guard - the cost for three nights (Wed/Thurs/Fri) came out to over $700, creaky elevators were slow to start, hard toilet paper, strange hair in the bathroom/shower, and unidentifiable rust colored stains on the white quilt. Whoever laid out the rooms had strange ideas as to what people want, particularly with regards to the bathroom: the sink was outside of the bathroom, and the towel rack was inside the shower. The singular light in the bathroom took about twenty minutes to get to full brightness, and sitting on the toilet and opening / closing the door was totally not an option and it needed to be. Sitting on the toilet with the door closed meant being pressed up against the door.The best features about the room/hotel - a functioning A/C, and the huge walk-in/fun-sized shower. The bed was comfy enough after a sixteen or seventeen hour day spent in meetings and walking around. And the staff was pleasant and happy to assist guests with their needs. Shuttle services were offered for free to anywhere within two miles of the hotel, and a pretty decent breakfast spread was available each morning.From what I saw of guests, this isn't a place where one has to worry about being disturbed by children at all hours.
5	I have genuinely never been so impressed with hotel staff. Madison's team was friendly and helpful beyond compare -- and that goes for every single staff member I met in my 3 night stay. From the shuttle service to the front desk, every person I spoke to was outgoing, relatable, and accommodating.In addition, the hotel itself is very well-located, clean, and has a nice breakfast spread considering the typical hotel offerings.  In addition, rooms were extremely large and the "forgot something?" list of free or borrow-able items was comprehensive and a great touch.
4	Great location if you're visiting Madison!  Just a few blocks from the Capital building, and an easy walk to campus, State Street, and the lake.  The room was huge.  It had a desk, fridge, and gigantic couch on one side, and the bed area and bathroom on the other.  A small half-wall separates the two areas, and the TV is located in between so it can be seen from both.  Kind of awkward, but hopefully you're not visiting to watch TV anyway.There is a free contintental breakfast that end at 9:30AM.  My boyfriend tried it one morning, and thought it was awful.  He brough me back a bagel since I never got up and ready in time to make it, and I ended up throwing it out.Great staff, and $10 / day parking.  I think this would definitely be 3 stars if the location wasn't so amazing, but I would stay here again if I'm ever back in town.
1	Visit 10/21 - 10/27.  Very disappointed in Housekeeping. Instead of everyday cleaning, the cleaning was very intermittent. I think 3 of my six nights there the room was cleaned.  However I'm positive that the sheets/pillowcases were never changed because of their "go green" policy.  Got in elevator on Sat. night and slipped on laundry soap someone had spilled on the floor of elevator. Upon returning home I noticed bed bug bites from my ankles to my shoulders, and a puss filled spider bite on my stomach as well as a bad case of strep throat. Front desk staff were nice and took care of laundry soap spill in elevator I slipped in.
1	absolute incompetance with registration and billing, someone was in training when I registered, now I am being billed for a room, that they already billed Am Ex.. what a mess, spoke with staff and manager , one week later ,nothing is being fixed, in fact I owe them for one night... EEKKKKKKSSS keep away... .or double and triple check your bill. Hyatt Card member and gold member, nothing is helping....
