1	ha. they close at 9.my sister and i had exactly 15 minutes to buy some hair dye so we rushed! we got there 12 minutes before closing. We got out of the car and, BAM! the girl turned off the lights!! natalie and i checked our cell phone clocks. could the time be off? we have time to run in, right? both of our phones read the same time and we were safe. but, the girl wanted to close early i guess.so we sadly got back in the car feeling totally crushed and saw the girl looking out the window all nervous like. I think she knows she would have gotten in trouble for closing the doors that early. you could tell she was regretting her decision as she paced back and forth and watched us. as much as i wanted to tattle on her i didn't, so i'll just yelp on her. stay open til the close time lady!!!!
1	Went in looking for a specific item and asked the employee on duty for her opinion - all she could say was that the more expensive ones were "better". I then walked to Target next door and found the same item for much less $$. Fail.
1	I buzz my head about once every week. My clippers died. You can see my problem.I was told by numerous friends of my girlfriend that Sally's was the place to go to buy better equipement... or so they put it, "where the pro's go"... okWalk in, they have like 10 different clippers that to me look the same sans some flashy packaging. I asked the lady standing there what the difference in them was. I swear to you she turns and looks at them and points at them and says "Well this one is good, this one is good too, and this one is better"... Are you f*cking kidding me? Really??? So I say "what is better about them? like better parts that last longer, better cutting blades, better speed variation or depth settings... like what is better?"She gave me a confused look and... I'm not joking said "well these ones are really good and this one is good too but not as good"...  OMG lady... She handed me like 4 different boxes/brands - which I'm assuming she wanted me to figure out what was "better" about them.  I looked at a few and nothing was very similar to my last ones so I just looked at pricing... the better ones she was telling me were the more expensive ones.. like $110 bucks or something versus the $75 dollar ones...   Fck this... I said nicely "thanks for your time but i'll look elsewhere" and I left. I walked 100 feet south to Super Target, found 4 choices all MUCH more affordable and I chose a $25 pair of Wahl clippers that include a 5-year warranty. Basically the same shit that was at Sally's for $75++  And I'm willing to bet if I had any issues I could return / exchange it with no problems.I know this place is good for hair products and stuff but I'll be damned if I ever go there for clippers or anything ever again or recommend my guy friends that buzz their heads either. Having this lady work the desk is not doing this business ANY good.
5	Just visited. I've always used box colors & decided I needed to treat my hair better. The young salesgirl was extremely helpful helping me know what products I needed to purchase. I will definitely return to this store!!
