5	I've been getting my hair done by Antony for almost 2 years now.  He is seriously amazing!  He has done my hair from brown with blonde highlights to black and everything in between.  He will listen to exactly what you want and share his opinion.  He gives a MEAN shampoo massage!!  MEAN as in excellent - he even gets your neck and shoulders - that is enough for me to keep coming to Antony!  He definitely knows how to use those scissors and blow dryer!  My hair always looks amazing when he's done with me!  I highly recommend paying him a visit!!
5	Antony is an awesome hairstylist! He has been cutting my hair for the past four years, and I am extremely happy with his work. He provides an excellent men's haircut . I am very picky with my hair and I appreciate his attention to detail. Clearly he understands the fundamentals of a good men's haircut . Furthermore, he has his finger on the pulse of the latest hair trends and styles.
5	I have been getting my hair done by Antony for 3 years. I might be one of the pickiest people I know, especially when it comes to my hair. From day 1 Antony got it right, color, cut and style. I have learned a lot about getting my own "salon style" going at home. He does wonders with color, I go from WAY blond to red all in the same year and he makes it look so natural. He also does the best dry hair cut giving it texture and its own personal style. I can't say enough about his shampoos and how just those will win you over. He also has a presents about himself that commands the room and thus makes you feel like you are the most important person in there!
5	this will probably be the only yelp review i ever write and i write it only because i am a good human (and keeping antony a secret from the rest of the world should be a punishable crime.)in all seriousness antony, clearly, only has uber-picky (which really means incredibly sexy) hair clients.  we are the best of the best ; therefore, we only want the best of the best. all that's been said is true.  antony is great at what he does and could win any reality tv show on Bravo (whether its a bike riding competition or giving make overs to the cast of mob wives.) most important thing about a service with him is you can count on antony to NEVER compromise the integrity of your hair.  no matter if you go from black to platinum in 6 months  (he would try to persuade you otherwise) your hair will always look and feel healthy.  your logic is on you though.
5	My hair has never looked better!  Antony is amazing.  I have been to many great stylists over the years and I can honestly say,  hands down Antony is the best yet!  His shampoos and head massage are to die for!  If you have been thinking about getting a new stylist or are new to the area and need one, you have to try Antony you (and your hair) will be happy you did!
5	I would follow this guy to the end of the earth to have my hair did. ;) My scalp longs for his head massages, and my hair has never been healthier. This is the man to see for your all of your hair needs, people!
5	Antony is consistently amazing! He transformed my blah-mom hair to hot-mom hair, taught me how to style it so I could get the same results at home, AND shortened my get-ready time! The color and highlights look natural and turned out just as I wanted.  His scalp massages are unbelievable - seriously! And he provides great conversation throughout the experience.
5	Antony is absolutely amazing! When I made the horrible mistake of bleaching my own hair, he made it look fabulous again and now I can't live without him.
1	RUDE!!!!! this guy never showed up for our appointment!!! Seriously how can he be such a badddd businessman...not even a callback to me to apologize nor did he call the receptionist back! Won't b getting my business nor my 50 friends I always refer! Glad u didnt get my awesome tip: YOU SUCK DOUCHBAG !!!!!!
