5	Pumphouse II has long been a favorite of mine. My favorite things about this place are the staff like "Ranger Dale", the hot strippers, JAE the hot bartender, DJ Energy, and of course Diva extraordinare drag queen Savannah!! I've never experienced a wait on busy nights to order drinks. Ok, yes, its a dive bar, BUT ITS A DAMN GOOD DIVE BAR! Its got a mix of all age ranges... depending on the night... weeknights are a little slower. Thurs-Saturdays are always when I go there! And its always busy on those nights.THERE ARE ALWAYS DRINK SPECIALS! And Free Wifi!
3	Pumphouse II was packed with men on Saturday night... that is, until our party of six arrived.  We were out celebrating Cindy C's bachelorette weekend, and we headed to Pumphouse for some after dinner entertainment!I felt like a sugar mama when I gave the door guy a $20 for cover.  That covered all of us!  (It's only $3 a person!)  We did get some weird looks upon arriving but we had a blast... jello shots, pole dances, drag queens, and practically naked guys all around.  I have to agree with Cindy's mom that it's too bad they didn't take it all off!  But they sure did leave a little something to the imagination that way ;)We missed the darts and karaoke, but that just means I'll have to return to check them out next time.  If you're looking to meet gay men, you're craving some cheap drinks, or seeking some fun entertainment, Pumphouse II is worth checking out.  Don't forget your dollar bills... enjoy!
3	I've been to this place a few times recently, admittedly on weeknights and it's been really DEAD.  Cover charge is $3 which is a bargain.  The drag show and strippers are working but it seems weird when they're performing for an almost-empty club.  The strippers cruise around saying hi to everybody and asking if you want a private dance behind a curtain.  I haven't gone for it yet but it's nice have one of these hot men hang on you for a few minutes.  Drinks are strong and bartenders are friendly, although they tend to take off to work on the music at the end of the bar.  I want to go back on a Friday or Saturday to see if the crowd makes it a little more fun!  Three stars for good drinks and really hot strippers.
