5	Tony and his team did a great job!  I was a first time customer, and asked for an oil change.  Not only did he change the oil and check all fluids, he also checked my A/C, found out it needed a pound of freon and added it, checked my brakes and informed me I had about 10k more miles before they needed replaced, and doubled checked my tail lights to confirm all was in good order.  Final price?  only the cost of the Oil Change.  The rest was complimentary!The world needs more people like Tony Stewart and his team.  Honest and Trustworthy.  Thanks Tony!
5	Always honest and the work is done well or it is fixed for free.
5	Had a resonator to install for my loud turbo back exhaust I just put in. The folks at Oasis were honest and great to deal with. They explained exactly what they were up against and how they would be able to help as I had a fit issue below the car. The end result was great and I couldn't be happier with their service. Thanks!
2	This place was much better when Tony was in charge! Not sure what happened, but now it's run by a bunch of inexperienced kids.
1	I had my Catalytic converter replaced, for a sum close to 900 dollars, it failed again within 6 months it develop an exhaust leak crack at the AO sensor fitting.  They replaced it no charge, but when it failed again, 6 months later at the same location, they now say its out of warranty and they won't replace it.   I believe they use low quality replacement parts and don't back up there work for the long term.
5	We have finally found an honest car repair shop. Tim is the best! We bought a used car and brought it here for inspection. They inspected it for free! They will only do the repairs needed for your car and not try to scare you into repairing other things that don't need fixing. real honest place. We have had all our cars serviced here and always get a great service. Highly recommended.
5	I am a bad car owner, I have been letting my car go and not keeping up with the maintenance as I should. I realized I had to get an oil change 5,000 miles after it was due and I was lucky to spot this shop driving down the street. They quoted me a reasonable time and had my car ready within that time. I asked for some things to be looked at and they did a great job at explaining to me what was and wasn't wrong with my car. When I got in my car, I did not have to re-adjust my seat to its right position, they did it for me!The price for an oil change was amazing!I have found my new car mechanic!
5	Tony, was kind enough to agree to negotiate a settlement on a future repair to make me satisfied with the previous component failure.  They try to do everything to make it right.
