4	This is one of Charlotte's hidden secrets!  The business is operated by a wife and husband team that aim to please and will make sure you have a great time!  Plus, they have really good food!  We are fanatics for their chicken wings!  Amazing!  You must try the jerk chicken wings!  They are awesome!  The Hennessey wings are also my favorite.  They have a full menu with soulful menu options like chicken and waffles and collard greens but also Caribbean choices like fried plantains and oxtails.  They also have specials like all you can eat crab legs and fish frys on different nights.On the weekends, in the evening, the restaurant is more of a bar atmosphere with different events on different nights, sometimes they have live bands or will have game viewing events.  They also host many birthday parties here.  Did I mention that you must try their wings?  Get the jerk chicken - you will not be disappointed!Be careful not to pass it, Upscale is located on outbound East Independence down the street from Bojangles Coliseum and across the street from South 21.
4	If you remember some years back there was a restaurant off of Ashley Road called Grandma'z House but they closed.  Well, this place is a spinoff, if you will, of Grandma'z serving pretty much the same menu with the well known favorites(mine anyway)..fried cauliflower, Hennessy wings, lemon pepper wings, the real deal fresh not frozen turkey burgers, etc. and they also do seafood and or crablegs on Friday. I'm not sure how long Upscale has been open or what made me stop by and strike up a conversation with the owner(a relative to the owner of Grandma'z) to discover 'grandma'z' was back...but I'm certainly glad I did because the Hennessy wings are just as great if not better than I remember and probably the best wings in Charlotte.....I'm just saying:-)
5	Oh my goodness, I have sampled the wares of Upscale.  I past by this restaurant all the time but always assumed it was abandoned. Trying to find somewhere different and local, I happened upon a write-up of this restaurant in the Creative Loafing.. well, I have not steered wrong. The decor is unassuming and not really a place for toddlers. They did not have a high-chairs but then again it's not really place for kids.But on to the food. I had the Spike Lee Dinner, which is 10 of my choice of wings with two sides. I choose the collard greens and fried cauliflower. Oh that cauliflower. My wings were the Hennessy BBQ and Jamaican Jerk. The wings were tender and oh so good. My husband had the Jerk Chicken with Collards and Mac-n-cheese. My husband is not a person for trying new things, so it took some convincing. But once he tried his food, he was oh so happy for my arm-twisting. We probably wont' dine in since we have a little munchkin but I will definitely utilize the take out option :D
5	Went here while in town for a convention-awesome food. Chicken and waffles were delightful.  Our waitress who is also the owner is hysterical. Go to this place.  The atmosphere is nothing to write home about but the food is outstanding!
5	Didn't your mama always tell you to never judge a book by its cover?! When my girl and I walked in, I was a little taken back but daaaaamn did we leave happy. Our server was so sweet and genuine. We started with an order of plantains. I probably could have eaten about 3 dozen of those things! My lady had a burger, which was homemade and looked amazing. She didn't offer me a bite...which I won't hold against here...eeeeven though she had some of mine. I had to go with the chicken and waffles...that fried chicken was possibly the best I've ever had in my life. Washed it down with an "Obama" to drink LOL! Would definitely  come back...especially to try the Caribbean portion of their menu.
5	What a find, indeed.  I took my wife here before the Louis Black show at Ovens.  This place reminds me of some of the places on the south side of Chicago that I visited as a kid.I picked the Hennessy wings with fried cauli and veggies.  Wife picked jerk chicken (I don't remember her sides).  We destroyed the food.  Everything was fantastic and I left very happy.  $40 for an amazing dinner and 2 beers each.I will return.  My mom will love this place.
5	The BEST wings in Charlotte by far! So delicious and authentic. Their veggies are amazing too. The prices are great and the staff is super nice. I love when a local business ends up being awesome!
5	This place is great! After reading others reviews, my husband and I decided to give it a try. The decor and exterior are unassuming (making it hard to tell what great food and people lie inside). The food was delicious (I had the Philly and my husband had the wings platter) and the staff was wonderful. Very attentive and friendly. They had line dancing on the dance floor with good music that could be heard while you dined. I look forward to returning with my two teenagers.
1	Boy was the writer dead on when she said false advertising of the "All you can eat crab-legs! My man and I went there, and was very upset about the service; customer service that is. We waited thirty minutes for a refill on our glass of tea. This was the deal breaker. He asked the owner was he a server; he said yes. Then he asked for another round of crab-legs, he said sure. Instead, we got the check, after waiting again thirty minutes. Never got the crab-legs nor the ice tea! Well, this is checked off our list for dining. False advertising is what they do, to bring in the customers! Wow that's pathetic! Oh yeah, our bill was $64.40 and she never brought me my $.60 back. For that matter, we should've went to Bi-lo and bought some crab legs. At least we would've gotten all we can eat! Oh well, you live and learn. Wow is all I can say!!!!!!
5	Best wings in Charlotte. In particular the Honey Hennessy and the Jerk wings. The chicken is so savory you could almost shake them and the meat would come off the bone. Never had anything else here cause the wings are just THAT good. I have to get them every time. I typically get their mac and cheese and plantains as sides; they're always spot on too!
5	Hands down best wings in Charlotte is between this place and Midwood Smokehouse. Hennessy Honey wings are incredible. That is all.
5	Definitely my favorite restaurant in Charlotte by he Jamaican Jerk wings are the best!  Great atmosphere
4	Saw this place and have been wanting to try it for a while.  Finally came in today and I'm so glad that we did.  Had the Hennessey barbecue wings which were outrageously good...definitely try them. Also had the Plaintain's and collard greens... Season with smoked turkey...yummy!Enjoyed watching a little football and getting to know Yvonne (One of the owners and ties wife from Ty's & Tings restaurant on Sharon Amity). The food is super, Damon and the rest of the team are friendly ... we will definitely be back!
