1	In the past, I have dealt with Dr. Ganesh and Dr. MacCollum, both of whom were very good, professional, respectful and courteous. The one star is not for them, but rather for my most recent visits. My son was seen by Dr. Morris twice for excruciating pain in his feet. She took a set of xrays both times and ordered an MRI the second time. The MRI was a long time coming and I couldn't wait to get the results. Here's where the one star part comes in.I received a call from Dr. Morris' assistant who advised they had received the results of his MRI and asked if I would like to schedule an appointment to go over them with Dr. Morris. At this point, I had already figured out what was wrong with my son, but wanted to double check the MRI was negative just to ensure what we thought was the cause was actually the cause. I explained this to the assistant who informed me, "Dr. Morris does not give MRI results over the phone because it is a HIPAA violation." The problem with this is that I work in the healthcare field and I know for a fact this is not true. I ended the call and called back after I had a chance to think about this and asked the front office girl to speak to a supervisor. She advised she would pass my information on to the supervisor but asked what it was regarding. I advised her I would like to talk to the supervisor regarding this incident. Because if it is just the doctor's policy, that's one thing; however, it is not now, nor has it ever been a HIPAA violation to give lab results over the phone. She stated, "Yes it is." I laughed and told her, "Now I really need to talk to your supervisor because, clearly, your office is misinformed and I'm not going to pay another copay or have my insurance pay for another visit just to be told, again, that she doesn't see anything. If your supervisor would like to show me exactly where, in the law, it states this, I'll be glad to come in at that time; however, I am sure this is wrong and if your office is telling people this just to get them in the door again, that's not clinically appropriate." She advised she would pass my information to the supervisor who would call me back.I received a call from the supervisor who, apparently, has never had training in customer service in her entire life because she was the rudest, most incapable "supervisor" I have ever had the unpleasant experience of speaking to EVER.I answered the phone and she introduced herself and said she was told I would like to speak to her. I told her I had taken my son there and recently had an MRI for which their office has the results. I further stated I had received a call from the assistant who told me he could not give me the results due to HIPAA law. I told her I am not wanting to take time off work, take my son out of school and go all the way down there again when I have already been there three times, for the doctor to scratch her head and tell me she still doesn't know. I advised I think I figured out what the problem is and that if she would just be so kind as to tell me whether she sees something or it's negative, I can go from there. But, I don't want to go there again if there is nothing to discuss. The supervisor then told me, "Okay, well, first of all, you've only been here twice. (Whatever. Two times, three times, fifty times, that is not the point.) And it is the doctor's policy to go over the results in person."To which I said, 'Okay, if that's the case then that is fine and THAT is what your staff should be telling people because that is not a HIPAA violation. It has nothing to do with HIPAA and..." She interrupted and told me in a rather snotty tone that she had through the entire conversation that SHE will handle that part but, "Do you want to schedule an appointment or not?" Let me just say this: I said, several times, that if there is something we need to discuss on the MRI in person, I'll gladly go down there, but if there is nothing on it, she can tell me that on the phone and I will continue to pursue the course of action I had felt was necessary. As I was stating this, she interrupted again to tell me that "yelling" at her was not going to do any good. To which I replied, "I'm not yelling. I'm simply talking to you about this situation." She then said, "I guess that's just your voice then." WTF is wrong with you, lady? First of all, I am a customer who is trying to figure out what to do about a situation that you are making more difficult than it needs to be. SECOND, the bottom line is not whether or not I want to take time off or whether or not I pay a copay or whether or not your staff are incompetent. The point is my son is in pain every single day. He is ten years old and up until four months ago, he was fine. And you can let your incompetent doctor know it was a medication side effect she should have caught. Also, the results were sent to another doc as well who gave me the results ON THE PHONE.
5	I've been meaning to write this review for a while... long overdue. Hopefully, Karma will not be too unkind for this oversight. I wrote a review about my orthodontist that was presented at a national meeting of technology and orthodontia as the type of review you hope and dream about as an orthodontist... (True! - and you can go read it - Steig and Wachtell) because I basically said they were first class, top notch, and pathologically outstanding in every way. I also wrote that my hair stylist, AJ at the Roose - WHAT WHAT! was like the Edward Scissorhands of awesome sauce hair design. Got her some business. I hope this review conveys the same outsized, respectful admiration for Dr. Morris because I think just as highly of her.While playing hockey, I took a slap shot to the foot, which I was sure broke the damned thing. I couldn't walk nor put even a hint of weight on it and was hobbling around in the most pathetic, ridiculous manner. In a style so utterly unmanly and full of emotional weakness I'm not even going to bother throwing in another sentence of descriptors to paint the picture. Top 5 least proud moments of my life.  I swallowed my pride and grandma's cough syrup and called their office based on Kevin H's recommendation above because he's someone I trust and they booked me for the next available appointment. Just so happens, Dr. Morris is their foot and ankle specialist and she is legit. Let me, for a moment, digress. My dad, when I was young, taunted me with his skill with wood. So like, he made me stilts and weapons and hockey sticks, etc. Now, this was great, because he made me those things... but he was a total perfectionist, and it drove me up the mother-bleeping wall. I couldn't understand why anything had to be perfect, let alone everything. Wood, screws glue. Come on! So annoying when you're ten and have no patience. It wasn't until I read Steve Jobs for the second time and owned every Apple product on earth that I even began to understand what perfectionism is... It's the maker's love of the user. It has nothing to do with the product. It's the maker's expression of love for the end user. So, turns out, now, at 35 that my dad indeed loved me. Even when I was bratty and annoying. A remarkable discovery, to say the least. Digression over. Back to Morris, MD. So, here's my thing about my experience there. She was thorough and, dare I say it, perfectionistic about my foot. I knew this because she thought about MY foot in a way even I hadn't comprehended in the previous 14 hours of excruciating pain. She's the embodiment of 10,000 hours of other people's feet, which in this case alone is a compliment. My foot/your foot is an extension of her. It occurred to me that she was like the Apple Inc. of my proverbial orthopedic eye, even though that analogy makes very little sense to anyone but me and may not even be an analogy at all. Office staff was so nice. Jovanni, who helped me get around to get x-rays was super friendly. Cannot recommend Dr. Morris and staff enough. That said, I'm not recommending you get hurt. Just that if you do, go here.
5	My 6yo son fractured his arm and we made an appointment to see Dr. Sanders.  All the supporting staff were kind, professional and efficient.  Dr. Sanders was phenomenal.  He explained everything to us, answered all our questions and had my son laughing and smiling.  I highly recommend Dr. Sanders and count him in my blessings.
