1	This store has such bad service. The service staff are rude rude rude.  Save your money, shop elsewhere.
3	This Bed Bath & Beyond seems like your average store location. I don't have anything too bad or too exciting to say about this location... descent products and descent service. I would just recommend taking all of your Bed Bath & Beyond coupons with you when shopping because staff will help you combine them as best as possible.
4	I love bed bath & beyond! The employees at this particular one are always available and helpful!  The selection, plus the 20% off coupons keep me coming back, and its also where I get all of the things for my soda stream. Overall I will be back many, many times
5	We just completed our wedding registry at the Homestead location. The customer service was outstanding! One of the employees, Chris, walked around with us to help us pick out exactly what we needed. The wedding registry coordinator, Christina, was also very helpful and accommodating. They treated us as if we were royalty. I would recommend this wedding registry without a doubt!
4	Basically after being sent here after not having the item at another location, I walk in and go to the exact spot that the item is suppose to be.  And yet again, the exact one is not on the shelf.Frustrated, I walk to the Customer Service desk and ask whether or not they have it.  Which the response I got was to basically look on the shelf.  After I told them I did that already, one of the employees had an ingenious idea.  Instead of checking the kitchen part of the store, why not check the bath part.  What do you know, that's where it was.So that just makes me think that they had this item at the other store, but just weren't in tune with knowing that the item was located in another part of the store.Everything after that was a smooth ride.  Wedding registry updated, purchased, and gift wrapped.  Yes, these places have an area that you can gift wrap for free.  It says it's a do it  yourself area, but for some reason an employee did mine for free.  Only downside is that some of the gift wrapping that some of the wrapping items have the store name on it, which might look a bit tacky.
4	This is a very small, yet nice store. The associates are nice and helpful. Not much else to say about this particular store. Just a pleasure to purchase from...
