5	The newly opened ChopShop in the middle of Scottsdale is a fantastic new healthy spot to grab breakfast, lunch or dinner!! I visited today for lunch and loved everything!!  Beverages they offer include a large list of seasonal lemonades and fresh squeezed fruit and veggie juices. I decided to try something new and ordered a fresh squeezed Cold Buster (oranges, carrots, and ginger)... it was great!! They also have a good sized menu consisting of salads and sandwiches and everything sound so good to try!!  I got the American salad with added shrimp, which was packed full of bacon, egg, corn chips (aka fritos), and so much shrimp for an extra $3, I basically got a shrimp salad!  The food is very reasonably priced with most items ranging in the $7- $10 range. The ChopShop decor has a country chic vibe and is a fun and lively place to grab a bite.  You can take your orders to-go, dine inside or out.  The staff was super nice and welcoming and I can't wait to try more items from this great new spot in Scottsdale!
5	omg this place is bomb.  fresh, flavorful food and shakes/juices, great prices, perfect location. I've been every day since they opened! highlights (so far)...pb&j greek yogurt parfait, open face breakfast sandwich, grinder, muscle malt. you. must. go. now.
4	Was anxiously awaiting the opening of Chop Shop with the concept of a healthy lunch under $10 - in Old Town Scottsdale. Sound too good to be true? Verdict: very close.Expanding on the space from the previous place (Big B's Hangover), at first blush my impression of Chop Shop was cute, crowded, and friendly. The patio has been expanded, and was almost fully occupied around noonish. Inside, a small line awaited, where a super friendly order-taker manned the register. No ordinary order-taker however, he described the tri-tip to a customer, explaining he was a "meat man" with genuine enthusiasm and impressive menu knowledge. Greeted with a big smile, I ordered the trip tip sandwich, telling him it was based on his recommendation. He explained he was talking about the OTHER tri-tip selection (the protein dish), but my choice was equally excellent- with apple and horseradish sauce making it "tangy." Sold!I ordered an iced tea, delivered right there at the counter, and given a number for table delivery. Grabbed a deuce by the window, and waited no more than 5 for my sandwich and salad to arrive.Plated unceremoniously but "green-ly" on an open-faced cardboard carry out, I was slightly disappointed to see that the "whole wheat bread" was a like a pita, only in halves. Seeing the tri-tip was cut into cubes, I was sure my sammy was going to be dropping meat bombs like a Sam Kinison buffet. No worries - the bread held up for a very G-rated lunch experience. The side salad was straight chopped greens, but with a thin and sweet viniagrette. Punch this puppy up with some vinegar and seasoning and happy I will be.As for the sandwich, the meat was tender, not overdone. The apples and splash horseradish were good complements, but again, some use some KICK. The feint of heart don't order horseradish! I ended up grabbing some Sriracha to add more flavor-boost. Overall, there is promise and I will be back to try more, soon. Some notes to management:First suggestion: move the espresso machine with cups piled high on top (which hides the bottom half of the menu board), to the back wall, where the Ice Tea station is.  #2 - Put the tea station on that white table below the chalk board for self-serve. Other than holding some vases, it serves no purpose (unless it's a bus station, which would be yucky out front). Guests expect refills with ice tea. Charge me another 50 cents, I can handle that. #3 If what I had was exemplary, take the food from good to exceptional with more seasoning. Good luck Chop Shop! Hope you're a Scottsdale staple soon.
4	$8 for lunch with fresh ingredients.  Had the pita and hummus and got some salad on the side.  Hit the spot and they have lots of drinks to try out.  Very convenient location and inside/outside seating.  I'll be back.
5	Stopped in this shop while in town on business. I had the beat smoothie for breakfast it was so good I came back for lunch. Service was fast even though there was a small line it moved really quickly. Ate my lunch on the cool patio hang out area. Good vibes all around. A must go.
4	We were glad to see a healthier restaurant open up in Old Town, since there aren't many around. This place was pretty good. The staff were friendly and full of energy, which is always great. I ordered the tri tip sandwich. The meat was cooked well and had good seasoning. The cheese on the sandwich was delicious and arugula was fresh. The "low carb" bread was just meh. I'm not quite sure if it's really low carb or if it's low carb because the slices were so thin! The side salad it came with was also nice. Decent portion, nice light dressing. Maybe some garnish on the salad would have been nice, extra veggies or something. Overall I'd give this place a 3.5 if I could but I will round up since I would go back. The breakfast menu looked solid so I will have to check that out one of these days.
3	I've been to Chop Shop a few times now, and while I appreciate a new, relatively inexpensive healthy place to grab a bite to eat, I'm just not super impressed. The first time I went I wasn't very hungry and was hoping for a yummy juice or smoothie. I do like how they offer cold pressed juices and am looking forward to trying one someday. I picked a fruity smoothie I believe called the Beach Burn. It was alright, but absolutely not worth $6.On my next visit I popped in for a quick bite before work. They delivered my girl friend's sandwich significantly before mine even though I ordered first, which was annoying but not the end of the world. I had the chicken and prosciutto sandwich and my friend had the club. Both were good, just nothing to write home about in my opinion. I'll probably give Chop Shop one last try to find something I really like because as I mentioned it's not too pricey and within walking distance of my work.
5	I've been twice and had two types of the protein plates, shrimp and tri tip.... Both are prepared well and yummy!
4	I love this place, been there two days in a row, healthy easy meals to take to work with me. But, I asked for dressing on side for take out , ended up with soggy salad, stil tasted great, also first day asked for something to go and two meals to stay and sat for 20-25 mins.  waiting and when I went back in they had to find them ,all were to go. I know your busy and new, so I will keep coming, slow down a little. thank for bringing something healthy and taste great to downtown Scottsdale.
1	Visited this new spot very recently and I was less then impressed with their establishment and service as a whole.  The smoothies that they made were okay in taste but not worth the money they charged for it.  The service was relatively inconsistent as far as when the food, apps, drinks came out to my table.  As far as specifics on food goes, they were pretty stingy when it came down to dressings and sauces and did not serve nearly enough with my meal.  Furthermore the actual plates (if you can call them that) that we were served in were of really poor quality which I did not like at all.  Lastly as a bigger guy I need larger portions and Chop Shop definitely does not have that. The portions were way too small and did not fill me or my friends up at all.  Not great by any means.
4	I stopped by chop shop one sunny afternoon, and after I finished ordering I inquired to the young girl behind the counter how things are going. She replied "Well, good. In fact, most people who came here on day one still come back almost every day". This, is good!You know what else is good? Their menu is good. Delicious, and fresh, and healthy. I had the Kale Caeser and it was fantastic. The lemon-dijon dressing is definitely to die for. My only complaint was that there weren't enough tomatoes for me. I cannot wait to dig into the rest of the fare...and alas I have tried two of the fresh juices. The liver cleanse and the power green were to two I tried and they were fabulous. I love fresh juice, and the flavor combinations are powerful. The server almost gave my juice to the wrong person, but thankfully they write your name on the cup to avoid this confusion. Also, having written your name down the staff addresses you personally and it creates a more familiar feeling.Go try Chop Shop! Your body will thank you.
3	Their food is light, healthy, and I appreciate all of the vegan food options.The last few times I've been in it has taken 25+ minutes for my juice order. The first time I went during the lunch rush so I was ok with waiting. The other times I stopped by during non-peak hours and I still waited over 25 minutes each time.
4	Three cheers (or four stars) for Original ChopShop Co!After several lunches brought into the office for me and now one actual visit where I dined in, I can proudly say that OCSC is a new favorite and will definitely be thrown into the regular rotation moving forward.  I've had their chopped vegetable salad, grinder sandwich, kale caesar salad, and Arnold Palmer and I've enjoyed it all... It's so nice to have a place with so many healthy options nearby.  I also love the fast casual concept (where you order at the counter and they bring your food out to you when it's ready).  Word to the wise: it gets crowded during the lunch hour, but it's worth the wait for sure... especially if you're craving something healthy and filling.  And while the line may appear long, it goes fast.  There is plenty of indoor and outdoor seating as well.  Nice to have options!Employees are friendly and prices are reasonable.  Looking forward to future visits!
4	Great menu that makes me feel good about myself. Plenty of items to explore and reasons to keep me on the healthy straight and narrow.
5	I la la love this place. Their juices are delicious and if you don't see one you like, you can build your own! My favorite juice so far is the 'Liver Cleanse'. Super yummy. Their food is great too. I tried their Tofu Protein Plate and it was super fresh. The tofu was soft and the black rice as well as the mixed vegetables held lots of flavor. This meal has a teriyaki sauce flavor to it without the awful syrup like teriyaki sauce you get at most generic places. It was minimal and just enough! For those of you who dislike onions, make sure you ask to have those removed. Service is always great whether I'm getting something to-go or enjoying some air on the patio. Check it out.
2	I ordered a fresh pressed juice and I have never been so disappointed. I juice often and go to whole food for pressed juice often as well....this wasnt pressed juice. I'm hoping maybe the girl just didn't know what she was doing? Within two minutes it separated into layers with only about an inch of green at the top and the bottom I'm pretty sure was lemonade? I was so confused and definitely disappointed. Maybe next time I walk by I will peak inside and see if a different person is working and try again because I don't know what that was but it was not what pressed juice is supposed to be!
2	I wanted to love this place, and I really had high hopes as I've read lots of good reviews. I went in to get a juice and was very disappointed. They do make a good juice but for the price you pay and the amount of ice in my cup I left feeling a little ripped off. Especially since you are only getting a 16oz cup to start with I figured it would be mainly juice. I don't think ill be coming back here since Whole Foods offers a much better deal when it comes to fresh juices.
5	So convenient, around the corner from my lash business. The green juice is my all time favorite, so tart!   the chicken bowl is delicious, with forbidden rice
4	Great health place to eat and cost effective.  If your looking for a great salad or fresh juice from a juicer this is the place for you.
5	I am so excited that Original ChopShop has opened their doors! I love a good sandwich and I love healthy food. Luckily the Original ChopShop has both! This eatery is both coffee shop and cafe. It offers a delicious and efficient selection of food that you can either eat there or take with you. My two favorites (so far) are the turkey sandwich and kale cesar with chicken. Both are fresh, relatively nutritious and certainly fill me up. The atmosphere here is that of a earthy coffee shop and has both an outdoor and indoor seating area. You order the food at the counter and then take your seat. It still has a little feel of the old cheesesteak place, but much more trendy and healthy! This has quickly become my go-to spot for a quick and healthy lunch option and I will soon come back to try their breakfast, coffee and dinner!
5	Just found this little gem. I noticed the crowd and figured it had to be good, and it was. There aren't many tables, a few in and a few outside but lots of people grabbing a juice or 'to go'. The food is healthy and quick. They have put together some really interesting combinations. Salads, pressed juices,  sandwiches and some yummy protein/rice combos. My favorite so far, the tri-tip steak sandwich.They do breakfast too, but haven't sampled that yet.
4	Very good place to get a tasty sandwich that is out of the ordinary.  It's a healthy, tasty and reasonably priced eatery.  I tried the Moroccan Turkey sandwich, which had:- sliced turkey- grapes- yogurt dressing- diced cucumbers- lettuce- avocadoIt was amazing!  All its goodness was enveloped in a large pita flatbread type.  It's fairly large, so I think it's shareable.  And, worth the $8 price tag.I'd try this place again, if I'm in the Scottsdale, AZ area.
4	I've only been here once, recently, and I really enjoyed it! I like that they go for the fitness/health angle, offering protein shakes and coconut water. Right up my alley. But even better, is that it's affordable. A good-sized salad for $7, $9 with chicken? Oh snap! That's a great price. Fresh, warm chicken and just the right amount of dressing. I inhaled that thing in like 5 min. My boyfriend had a salad as well, but him being a 6'2" man, the salad didn't really fill him up. But whatever, it's all about us, right ladies? Haaay! Totally kidding, that's really bitchy. He ended up ordering a strawberry/banana protein shake that was very good to satisfy his manly tummy. Too bad it's a little far from my house, about 15-20 min. But if I'm in the area or have time, it's totally worth it. Only complaint is that I feel they should have nutritional facts about their items listed somewhere. It's a health-conscious restaurant, after all. That type of crowd tends to want to know that stuff. I know I did when I was there. Please open a downtown Phoenix location! :)
4	Great sandwiches and fresh juice drinks
4	I like this healthy new option in Old Town Scottsdale.  After spending sometime getting pampered I decided to get a late lunch.  I didn't want to get something to heavy.  I was glad to see this new place had great reviews.   My hubby decided to join me.  I ordered the Danish salad and the hubby had the Moroccan Turkey sandwich ( I had a quarter of it, it was huge).  The salad had pears, dates, blue cheese and greens and just enough dressing.  I was glad to see they don't drench the salads.  I dislike it when they overload them with dressing.  The sandwich was delicious and creamy too.  My hubby noticed the protein bowls and they looked very enticing.  Next time.
4	This is a nice location, with ample outdoor seating.  I especially enjoyed the water, which was prepared with cucumber and lime.I ordered the Veggie and Hummus sandwich.  I asked for no tomatoes or feta, but avocado instead.  My food came to my table very quickly.  The tomatoes were missing as requested, but the feta was in a cup on the side of the plate, and the avocado had not been added.  No biggie.  My sandwich consisted of thin bread (almost pita-like), with a generous helping of hummus, some perfectly cooked mixed veggies, lettuce, and olive tapenade.  There was also a small lightly dressed side salad.  Everything was delicious!  I would definitely try this place again if I am in the area.
5	this place is the best!  wow,  terrific fresh ingredients.  i had sandwich that came with salad, cool.   patio is nice in the evening after traffic subsides.  A MUST go to place for very reasonable priced eats.   go now!  or eat at home :)
4	My Daughter and I went here last Tuesday night and were really impressed.  Great selections of juices..  She had a drink with kale, ginger, golden beets and carrot juice in it.  It was fantastic.  Great location, easy to find.  parking is a challenge but that's 5th avenue. They're opening another location in Tempe.  Salads and some baked goods. munchies and drinks.   Not some big corporate, plastic environment.  really nice.  nice to sit outside and enjoy the evening air as well as people watching. We didn't have any salads or sandwiches but they looked good.
4	On the way to becoming a regular here! I recommend the BBQ chicken salad. So good and somewhat healthy. The chicken prosciutto sandwich is a good choice too. I always get the liver cleanse (fresh juice) it's delicious! They have a few other options as far as fresh juice and smoothies go. The only thing I would not recommend so far is the beet salad. The beets are boring and overall the salad is bland.
3	As others have said, don't go if you are in a rush. Stopped in for a smoothie and it took upwards of 20 min despite not being busy at 515 on a Tuesday. Also, the smoothie was gross. I drank a quarter of it and threw it out. Partly this is my fault because I don't drink dairy milk and I forgot to ask for almond or soy, but my smoothie was supposed to have chocolate, milk, banana, whey protein, and peanut butter. I could not taste any peanut butter and it was really watery, nothing really too it. Just ewwwwwww. Also, for a place with great vegan options they should have a protein other then whey available. The smoothie tasted like plastic butt (yes i said plastic butt) and took forever, but giving 3 stars because I like the concept and menu in general, also late hours which are great. Will not return for a smoothie or when in even the slightest rush. Also I find no bathroom for customers? Weird. Also everyone working there except the nice guy at the register seemed to be very unhappy to be there. Will give it another try and hope the food is better then drinks and service is friendlier.
5	This is my favorite place to eat!Super healthy super friendly staff!One time the messed up my order and over compensated with free smoothies for my group.  However there is a blonde gal that works here and she definitely isn't the brightest bulb.  She messed up orders twice that I was there and continuously had a blank stare that not only were her brains missing but some childhood experience. All the other staff members are amazing though. Just avoid this blonde girl....The food tastes amazing! And I really appreciate that they accommodate my food allergies!! And have a wide variety of healthy choices. I also love that they are open at late hours, allows people like me to keep a healthy diet even at night.Couldn't ask for a better hang out spot.
5	I love love this place!! I usually go 3-4 times a week. Yes, that's how much I love it! The Beach Burn smoothie is so good. The open-faced sandwich...seriously the best breakfast!
3	I had brunch at Original Chop Shop last weekend and was pleasantly surprised! I know that it is relatively new but it felt like a great neighborhood spot that was well-settled.Their outdoor patio right on the corner of Scottsdale Rd and 5th is easy to spot, and I didn't have any trouble finding parking nearby at 12:00 on Saturday. The tables feature little hooks for your handbag, which is a thoughtful feature, especially outdoors where you may not want to set your stuff on the dusty ground. The restaurant seems to be pup friendly, as I saw a few dogs seated outside with their owners and a tiny one in his owner's arms while they waited in line to order. I tried their Kidney cleanse juice while waiting in line which was pretty sweet and ... GREEN. It was good, although I'm not a juicer, so I didn't finish it. For lunch, I tried the Chicken protein plate. It was hearty, the flavors were good but not totally overwhelming. It comes with chicken, roasted veggies, and forbidden rice tossed with a peanut thai coconut sauce. I had hoped for some spice from the sauce, but to no avail - it was very mild. My favorite part was the forbidden rice - good texture and yummy with the sauce. The combination of elements was satisfying and it was a good portion size, particularly for the price (under $10) My friend had the BBQ Chicken chopped salad, which looked really tasty. She enjoyed it but said it was a bit over-dressed, so she wished she had ordered the dressing on the side. Again, a generous portion size that she didn't finish. It is a counter service restaurant, and the one place that could use a little improvement is service - it wasn't bad, just wasn't particularly warm/welcoming. Adding great, memorable service to their excellent location and solid food would make this a regular stop for me. I do recommend it if you're looking for a healthyish option for lunch in Old Town.
5	My favorite place to have breakfast when I am in AZ. All the menu items are organic and fresh. When I came in, I saw a big carton of apples, carrots and celery ready to be brought into the kitchen. I had the breakfast wrap with an iced cappuccino. My friend had one of the breakfast bowls with brown rice. Skip the long lines at Breakfast Club and walk down the road to ChopShop. You will get more appropriately sized portions at half the price of the hyped up breakfast spots. The Chop Shop does lunch sandwiches where the bread are these pocket rolls and the inside is stuffed with all the sandwich fixin's. Chop Shop is an excellent choice for breakfast or lunch.
5	LOVE it. They need to start doing delivery though.
4	Healthy, cost effective, good pressed juices, and great tasting. Portions small.Everything about this place is 5 star except for the portions. I would like the lunch portions to be a bit bigger and an option to order a larger juice. I tried ordering my juice without ice one time because they fill up the entire cup full of ice, but they just gave me less juice. It does take a while for the juices to be made as well, which always seems weird for a simple process. It seems like they're trying to manage their costs with the portions and the staff doesn't seem too motivated to get orders out quickly. They don't seem to be too concerned with customer satisfaction.The food and juices are excellent. Very healthy, organic, and local. Very simple menu, but great options to choose from. Breakfast and lunch are both excellent, and the cold pressed juices are good for both or a good snack.I have become a regular at this place because it's the perfect mix between healthy, taste, local, and variety.
4	Very light and healthy options here from mixed greens salads and kale cleanse smoothies to tuna salad sandwiches (more salad than tuna, but tasty).  I think it makes for a good quick and healthy lunch, not really a place to visit for dinner. I noticed a LOT of people picking up orders to go.
1	The food is great BUT the staff is so unwelcoming and un-trained in customer service. I refuse to return until they take some time to train and remove the bad apples. I am sorry to any staff member I have not had the pleasure of ordering with but all of your other co-workers have ruined it for me.
2	This is a hard review for me to write. I absolutely love their juice combinations. Kale Liver Cleanse, the Orange Ginger-- amazing.But the service is sub par. I went twice in one day (addicted) and the same girl behind the counter was super rude to my friend and I both times, and they had us wait so an employee could take a call. Also- I know this place has a ton of fans, a lot of people I know, but I haven't found a dish that I like. I tried a salad and it was drowning in dressing, and the scrambled eggs were crusty. The second time I tried to eat there I had the steak sandwich, I ordered it without certain ingredients that came on it anyway, and the entire sandwich was lettuce. It may just not be my style for food, but for someone who loves to eat, it has been repeatedly disappointing.
1	Good Food...Terrible Service.  I wish I had something witty to say.  However, I have been here several times and only once did I get food in a timely fashion.  I have waited in line for a smoothie/shake/drink long enough that people who ordered after me got their food and ate it.  Today I called and got their answering machine not once but 3 times after 9 am.  I believe they open at 7.  I then called back and was put on hold for more than 5 minutes.  I have never waited that long on the phone before unless it was for a mortgage or the IRS....still waiting on my liver cleanse....
4	My girlfriend heard of this place so we gave it a shot.  Lots of fresh ingredients and everything we had tasted very good.  I give the place 3 stars, but gave an extra bump for being dog friendly and giving out dog biscuits.  The only part that could use improving would be to put something in the side salad outside of lettuce and dressing.  Mix in some other veggies for variety.  We've been 2 or 3 times and the sandwich I've had has always been good.  She has enjoyed the salads each time as well.  We didn't have any of the blended drinks but that seems to be a very popular item.  If that is your thing, definitely give them a try here.  Service is always very good and the outdoor seating is great for the pups and the people watching.  Should be tried by anyone looking for a salad/sandwich cruising around old town.
5	This is the best spot to get a healthy quick meal for a low cost in old town scottsdale and my new "go to" place.
5	Dropped in last night by chance, just walking by. I was thirsty - ordered an unsweetened iced (green) tea. Girl behind the counter was super-friendly and even refilled my already venti-sized cup gratis when I went to leave. Great coffee shop ambiance, location, service, prices...they've got it all going on!
4	Good quality, healthy, simple food.  It feeds you.  Can be quite crowded at lunch.
1	Will never go back to ChopShop again.......Found a Rubber Band in my Sandwich! Obviously their cooking environment is not up to par.
5	This spot is like none other in the Scottsdale area.  First off, yes the place is crawling with skinny girls because the menu caters to the anorexic, but the food is actually filling and appetizing!  I love the American Salad and the BBQ Chicken Salad! Try both as a wrap when you need a bit more sustenance than a bowl of lettuce.  Honestly though, these salads are packed with enough goodies to fill you up without leaving you so full that you have to roll down Scottsdale Rd!  The staff is friendly and witty.  Very hipster and laid back, but thankfully they don't take forever on your orders.  If it does take a while they make sure to put you at ease with a quirky joke.  There is an outside and an inside, but I have only sat outside.  The misters practically gave my friend a shower, but it was super sweaty out so she didn't mind too much.  I am NOT a juicer and literally gag at the thought of it, but some of my friends love to mush their food up into a juice because it's the trendy, hip thing to do and they rave about the juices here.  So if you juice, juice on at Chop Shop.  An actual juice that I love is the Blood Orange Lemonade.  Seriously delicious and has a perfect tart to sweet ratio...and doesn't have spinach or anything green in it. This little gem is one that will be loved by those looking for a healthy option and their fat friends.
5	I've only been here once while visiting Scottsdale, but based on my one visit, I can't help but give it a full five stars! I had the most delicious kale Caesar salad, to which I added some warm, flavorful grilled shrimp. I loved that they had lemonades and iced teas of the day... a perfect refreshing kick to a hot Arizona day! I wish I had room for one of their fresh pressed juices, as I'd love to see how they compare with the many varieties I have to choose from back home in LA. Best of all, the prices are really reasonable ($5-6 for juices that would cost $8-9 easily at some of the more high end spots in LA), and the salad came in at about $10 with the shrimp addition. The place was crowded at lunchtime, but we were still able to find a table for two pretty easily, and the line moved very quickly thanks to efficient and friendly service behind the counter. I can count myself as a huge fan of this place, and hope it makes its way to California!
3	4 stars for food2 stars for serviceI'm sorry but the counter service was lacking, not that it was really his fault, he just seemed to be overwhelmed. Maybe have two people taking orders, so they don't seem so flustered an rushed? Or just train your staff a little bit better.Here was the issue, I didn't want dairy (wasn't in the mood to pop any lactaids). Most places nowadays are extremely accommodating due to the rising rate of allergies and non-dairy diets. When I went to order the kale salad I asked if there was dairy in the dressing, the person taking my order looked at me like it was a very odd question, and then proceeded to turn around ask the kitchen if it was. The kitchen staff ignored him, and then he had to wait a while longer to ask again to find out, adding more frustration to his job as he already seemed flustered due to expanding line. It turns out there was dairy in the dressing, so I ordered a different dressing and then asked for the cheese to be removed too. The ordering process was very long and drawn out, I'm pretty sure a lot of people ask for omissions, but this seemed to really perplex the order taker.So after a long wait my salad arrives with cheese all over it. Ugh, didn't I just spend several minutes discussing this with the person who took my order? The food runner proceeds to then show me the ticket saying that it didn't say that no cheese was requested. So either the order taker didn't put it on the order, or it didn't go through. Either way I felt that the blame was then shifted on me to show that I didn't order no cheese. I explained to the food runner that I can't eat dairy, so he took my salad back and several minutes later I received a new one that was right. Once I got the salad, it was pretty good, but not worth the awkwardness of ordering it. I guess I'm just so used to people being in the know about dietary issues since they're so common these days, that when I encountered someone that was so perplexed by it, it just seemed weird. I'll probably visit again because the food was good and I like healthy options, hopefully this was fluke situation. Maybe I'll just pick something different where I don't have to customize anything next time.
5	Excellent food!  I had a tuna salad sandwich with an unsweetened mint white tea.  It was excellent!  The location is great--right in Old Town on Scottsdale road and the little place is very cute.
4	Six star taste, three star everything else, four star review. Everything tastes awesome here, but the trip tip sandwich is just ridiculously good. You have to pay for the quality though and everything comes with a higher price and smaller portions.Wait times are also the cost of quality, you will wait a while your order, but it is a laid back atmosphere the kind of place you would like to spend some time.
4	this place is ALWAYS packed and it takes forever. but the food and juices are amazing. worth the wait if you can make the time.
4	This place is a great lunch place...if you get there before noon and after 1:30. It is extremely popular and always jam packed with people. The food, and the juice is really good. Not a fan on the bread on the sandwiches. Also the gluten free tortilla, I don't think it was entirely gluten free. I wish they would put up the calories in each of their meals.
2	I really want to like this place but can't justify going anymore b/c I always leave hungry. In fact, every male I know that has been there says the same thing. The food is very good but portions are way too small. I always get double meat but still leave hungry after spending about $15. I understand the "we serve smaller portions to fight obesity" or whatever. I'm not obese, in fact I'm 510 160#. I exercise a lot and require a lot of fuel. Your portions, even when getting double, just don't cut it. Sorry Chop Shop.
5	As I write this, my saliva is cultivating in every crevice of my mouth. Goodness this stuff is crack in a bowl. Not literally, of course. But it is in a bowl. And it makes me want to sell my clothes to be able to afford it. I've purchased the following:-Grilled Shrimp with Wild Rice-American Salad (I believe it's called) with red wine vinaigrette instead of thousand island-Club Sandwich (it came with a side of mixed greens and that same vinaigrette)Each one of them have blown my mind, but that salad was by far one of the best things I've ever had. The shrimp was perfectly juicy. The only complaint I have is that my Perrier was warm and there was no bottle opener for me to open it with. I had to wait for the guy to become free again to get it open. But I don't care because the food is just that outrageously delicious.
5	A great, healthy, and fun place to chow down. For those who are dedicated to healthy living the chopshop has a variety of options. Salads are off the hook!!! Staff is friendly and have willingness to please. The establishment is small but it only adds to the mystic of the experience.
5	I work down the street and eat here a few times a week. My favorites are the kale cleanse drink, the cheat day wrap for breakfast, and the chicken and kale sandwich for lunch. I also drink a lot of coffee! I usually have a great experience here with food and service. I recommend this place to a lot of my friends. Definitely a must try.
2	I would give 5 stars for their awesome food, but the service is SO slow !! I'm being generous with 2 stars. Great fantastic food but be prepared to wait a very very very long time :(
4	The salad I got was very good. It has mixed greens, great dressing, and was a great size for the price. I also bought a juice, which was great!! I would highly recommend this place for a quick breakfast or lunch stop.
3	Good food & concept. When I was there it was 1 person taking orders and caused a longer than expected line to place order & pay.
5	I thinking I'm going to pick up dinner from the Chop Shop tonight. I stopped in for lunch last week and ordered a bbq chicken salad , who knew a salad could be this fun and delicious . It had the best ratios of every ingredient and my most favorite bite was with little crunchy corn bits (almost like corn cuts) . I highly recommend checking the chop shop out if you're looking for something new to try.
5	I love this place! This is exactly the kind of spot that Old Town needed. It is well known in my office that I love this place as I'm always picking up breakfast and lunch there and suggesting it to everyone! My favorite thing to get for lunch is the American salad with Shrimp (I get it without corn chips and cheese) and then I sub the thousand island for red wine vinaigrette. YUM. It's a pretty big salad, and the shrimp are so so good. I also love their Jasmine Strawberry iced tea. Actually pretty much everything I've tried there has been great. For breakfast I like to get the Balanced Bowl with chicken and then sub rice for more veggies. I tried the cheat day wrap one weekend based on the recommendation from one of the people who works there and that was bomb too. Kale cleanse is good, so is the Jacked up PB& J. It literally tastes like PB&J ice cream d-lish. I like sitting outside here and it's great that they now have a separate line for phone orders/take out orders because the line gets CRAY. If you go in there around noon plan on being in line for a good 20 mins (aka I would call ahead if you're on a time crunch). I get it though, it's delicious.
4	Stubbled across this place while walking around Scottsdale and was not disappointed. I got the Moroccan Turkey sandwich and was satisfied with my meal. The yogurt sauce and the grapes added a nice sweetness to the turkey sandwich. Atmosphere in this place is nice. A lot of students and young people lunching.
5	LOVE the food, the shakes, the smoothies! The staff are friendly, the ingredients fresh, and the wifi strong. Ah - and the coffee is well-made and tasty. Fresh organic fruit and vegetables, lots of healthy salad and sandwich and breakfast choices. My new PHX favorite! Also check out their new shop on University in Tempe.
1	VEGANS AND HEALTH FOOD PEOPLE BEWARE!I have a fair amount of legitimate food allergies so of course I get to be the wonderfully annoying soul who gets to ask the kitchen what is in everything. So much to my surprise, I learned that every single one of their salad dressings has sugar in it, why? I'm not too sure, but according to their cooks that's the case. Even the quinoa, is cooked with chicken broth, and the lemon sauce that is pre-mixed into it has dairy in it. SO EVEN quinoa, which should be a no brainer on the vegan front, is in fact not vegan. The salads, which should be the healthiest option, are laden in sugary dressings. It'd be nice if they really sat down with someone who knows their business on the health food and vegan fronts and stopped making asinine decisions like putting chicken broth on vegetables, and making all salad dressings with sugar.Also, if you are going to put on a front of being a health conscious restaurant, your employees should be prepared to get a lot of questions about ingredients from the truly health conscious.
5	On a random Tuesday night while here with a friend, I observed the most beautiful men coming and going from this place!  That alone was enough to make me want to stay awhile, but this is actually a very cool little place!  Modern aesthetic, friendly Staff, and great food, but I have to say that I am especially excited by the JUICE!  This is now the third JUICE place in Old Town, and I am ECSTATIC!  FINALLY!  The only thing more exciting to me is that they use recycled materials, and sell soda/water that benefits others when purchased.  I LOVE a company that cares about its footprint and the welfare of its people!  This is fast becoming my favorite little spot!
5	Wow, this place is good!  In the less than 2 years that I've lived in Old Town, this spot has housed 3 different restaurants.  Looks like they finally got it right!  You would think that in a town where everyone strives to be so aesthetically pleasing, that there would be more convenient healthy restaurants, but, alas, there are not.  Subway just doesn't do it for me, so I was so excited when I discovered this place.  I always get carry-out, so I can't speak too much to the service, but the cashiers have always been friendly, my orders have always been correct, and they have always been ready on time.  My favorite thing is the chicken protein bowl with the forbidden rice--delicious!  It has wonderful Thai flavors and is very filling.  I also love their raw vegetable salad.  Everything in it is very fresh, and there is a good ratio of lettuce to veggies.  I add chicken.  The dressings definitely taste too good to be healthy, so I usually use a little of their dressing and a little of mine at home that I know is lower fat/calories.  But sometimes I just don't worry about it because that raspberry vinaigrette is gooooooood!  I've also had a couple of the sandwiches and the sweet potato hash, both of which were quite tasty.  I will definitely keep going back!
3	I wasn't entirely impressed with ChopShop. I mean, it's very "green" and healthy but I've had better. I got a salad that was quite bland, and the Power Green juice (which was extremely sour -- my guess is they added too much lemon to it). Maybe it was just 'cause everyone hyped it up so much that I wasn't that impressed... I will definitely give it another shot though, because I like the concept and eating healthy. Maybe my tastebuds didn't like the choices I made that day? Who knows... Nevertheless, I will be back :)
3	I am not sure what a ChopShop is, but I was picturing pork chops or other kinds of meat chops. I soon learned I was way off base. Its all health foods and very good ones. I like their green smoothies and kale salad. Prices might be slightly higher then they should be for what you get, but lots of people are always happy with what they get for the money and so was I.
4	Love it!!  Such great food!  Unfortunately, they do not honor discounts from Yelp anymore for some reason, so don't go in expecting to be able to use your percentage off you earned by checking in!  Otherwise, love the food and lemonade!
5	I am slightly OBSESSED with ChopShop! After moving back to Arizona from Texas I was sad to leave my favorite health food haunts behind, but ChopShop cheered my right up! The Green Glory is my favorite: think sweet green, spicy ginger and subtle kiwi. To die for. I love to pick up a couple sides of quinoa..it is the perfect portion for a quick go to in between meals. So happy I found this place!
5	I cannot believe I've been living in Phoenix a year and just now discovered this place!  I have been looking all over for a place like this!  This past weekend I hiked Camelback thanks to the energy I acquired from the wonderful acai bowl and cappuccino I enjoyed at Chop Shop!  This is healthy living at its best and most delicious!  I can't wait to come back and try more of their menu, it all looks fabulous.
5	Had one of my favorite breakfasts ever here while in Scottsdale last week!!!Very filling bowl of steak, eggs, and veggies... Since switching to the Paleo diet, eating out often leaves me unsatisfied but I could barely finish this breakfast and the taste was a 10 out 10!!!I strongly recommend for the healthy, on-the-go crowd.
4	Looking for something quick, healthy and fresh in the heart of Old Town? Then this is your spot. Upon entering the ChopShop on any particular evening, you'll find quite a few people still in their workout or yoga clothes. The atmosphere is pretty hip, but not stuffy at all.The menu includes quite a few health conscious items including salads, protein shakes and acai bowls. OK, the last one is really a dessert disguised as a health food item, but I digress. The breakfast items look appealing, however I have not yet had the opportunity to try them.Orders are placed at the front counter and the food is then brought to your table. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. I ordered the American salad with steak, but also had the chance to try the Kale Caesar salad with shrimp. On a previous visit, I had the BBQ Chicken salad. Each of which was done to near perfection. One of the largest issues with salads that come pre-dressed is when they come with too much or too little dressing. These fortunately were coated perfectly. The vegetables were fresh and crunchy and the flavors complemented each other perfectly.The prices were very reasonable and the amount of food was to my liking. I highly recommend the ChopShop for a visit, whether coming back from a workout or just plain hungry![This review is based on my visit on August 14, 2013]
5	Best pressed juice I've ever enjoyed.
4	The food is 4 stars, but I have been experiencing the worst gas I ever had, from the sauce they served on the protein bowl with chicken. To graphic, too bad? I need to stay away from the Thai coconut sauce and next time I will get this dish sans sauce because the black rice and chicken and veggies are all great and the portion is huge. This is just my issue, probably the garlic. Anyway, the dust has finally cleared six hours later. It will be much more enjoyable next time.
5	Oh my god this place is awesome.   Love the bbq chicken wrap.  Service is excellent and good is always right on.
5	This is a great new addition to downtown Scottsdale! There aren't a lot of healthy options to choose from around downtown. They have great sandwiches, wraps, salads and healthy drinks. Expect to spend a little time waiting as everything is made fresh and more than likely there may be a line of 10 people or more so plan accordingly or call in your order.I'd highly recommend.
5	This place is fantastic.  I've tried the shrimp skewers with forbidden rice and the beet salad and been very satisfied both times.  The wife is a very picky, difficult vegetarian and she loves this place.  High praise!
4	The food and service are fantastic!  I had the chicken and prosciutto wrap and a lemonade.  I loved the combination of ingredients in the wrap especially the slight hint of mustard and fig.  Of course lemonade tastes great when it's 105 degrees!  Unfortunately, I had to sit at a table outside because the inside dining area was full.  One star deduction for that issue but otherwise I loved my lunch experience at the Chop Shop.
3	Great food with great vegan/vegetarian options . The staff could work on customer service as well as efficiency.  I literally dock a full star because their front door was getting stuck on the cement outside creating this awful nails on a chalkboard sound. No one seemed to want solve the problem. When my boyfriend attempted to prop the door so it wouldn't make that sound, the worker shut it again creating a anxious and very interrupted dining experience.
4	Update to my earlier review: CS must be reading yelp b/c they r now serving up generous portions! Thank you Chop Shop- this place is awesome!
5	I am obsessed with the power green, the protein plate with chicken, prices are right and food is fresh.  Love it, I send my clients her daily.Esthetics by Faith
4	I love the food but I wish they kept it just a little cleaner. In fairness, it is always so busy in there it is probably hard to keep up with but clean the tables off  a little more often and I would give it 5 stars
4	Amazing food and juices but super sloooow service- especially in the morning.  Almost had to leave my juice there because I brought my dog and she couldn't stay outside in the heat for so long. It'd be great if they had just one or two more people working instead of one girl trying to handle the Sunday morning brunchers. The liver and kale cleanses are my favorite juices!
4	My second experience at ChopShop was much better than my first, so I'm adding an extra star. My husband and I came in for dinner and we both ordered the protein bowls. I had the chicken bowl with brown rice and my husband ordered the tri tip bowl. The counter service was very efficient, helpful, and knowledgeable this time around and our food came out pretty quickly. Both of our meals were quite good, and good for you too. I highly recommend the chicken bowl with peanut sauce, it was quite flavorful and the portion size was generous for the price.
4	I have had consistenly great meals here. It is pretty quick, although the front counter area is a bit of a cluster when the place is crowded. The food is veggie heavy, healthy but still interesting. It is not cheap, but reasonably priced considering the freshness of the ingredients. Love the tri-tip protein plate (which has an amazing teriyaki like sauce and is filling but not heavy), the raw vegetable salad (which I get with chicken), Asian salad (which I get with steak) and the zen bowl for breakfast (interesting, scrambled eggs and brown rice - who would of thought??). I wish they had better baked goods. My friend ordered a scone and it could not have been drier if it were made of sawdust. On the whole, however, salads and rice bowls are great. Juice blends are good and made fresh right in front of you.
4	After seeing all my friends talk about this restaurant and numerous Instagram pics I decided to give it a try a few weeks ago. I've been back twice now with friends and my parents and there is definitely a reason behind it's success. Simple dishes, good quality and great tasting food. I have ordered the protein plate, love the thai coconut sauce and have tasted the Asian chop salad and Grilled tri-tip. Only complaints I could make is that my friend who had the sandwich found that early on in her meal the bread is rather thin and tends to soak up the oils and juices (more so than in a regular sandwich). Changing the bread to something sturdier would be a good solution. And it's not often that I say this but it would be great if the Old Town location was a bit bigger. Not a lot of seating room and they could easily expand I think. Great decor however and as the weather cools down the patio is still a good option when it gets busy. Definitely recommend going there.
5	Healthy & well priced!  Now I'm obsessed with this place and the protein plates. I recommend a fresh pressed juice and any protein plate. My kids (7 & 8) dig right into the tofu protein plate with forbidden rice. Nice to find a place I can really feel good about for the whole family. Parking is hard but takeout is a good choice for healthy on the go.  They also have a good selection of healthy and local snacks to go.
4	I have been here a handful of times now and have always enjoyed the food and love the kale cleanse. But I have to say the service is lacking. On two different occasions the cashier has been less than friendly or helpful - and it wasn't even the same person! I say step it up with the attitude and you'll get 5 stars instead of 4.
4	I really really love this place. The food is absolutely delicious. I am a huge fan of their steak pita, veggie salad, and kale Caesar salad. The vibe is relaxing and chill, their decor is organic and unique.My ONLY complaint, is every time I eat here I spend 10+ on a meal and I am NEVER completely full. I could probably eat two of their pita sandwiches and two of their salads. I wish their portions were bigger for how much you pay.I literally had to stop eating there so much because I was spending way to much money. If money isn't a worry for you though, everything about this place is amazing.
4	I'm a new fan of Chop Shop. I loved the fresh-pressed juice, and the protein plates are delicious and filling. I had the "slim" juice, and a Tofu Teriyaki plate. The tofu was a little bit soft and flavorless for my liking, but I ordered some extra soy ginger sauce  which made it more palatable. The forbidden rice and vegetables were very good. It's the kind of meal that leaves you feeling light & satisfied. My husband's chicken peanut bowl looked even yummier than mine did. I would definitely come here again for lunch and try some more items off of their menu. The only downsides- parking nearby is somewhat hard to find, and good luck coming here on a weekend morning, the lines are out the door!
5	While their menu can sound a little ya-ya like, their food is definitely worth trying. Highly recommend the chicken protein plate.
5	The tri-tip protein place is amazing... so amazing it's hard for me to put into words how much I love it.... And that's only one dish being served at ChopShop....  I've eaten here many times and always walk away happy and satisfied feeling that I got great value for a high quality meal.If you're in the area and are looking for a great place to have lunch or dinner you should definitely consider the Original ChopShop.
5	This place is awesome for a healthy and delicious lunch! Prices are reasonable for how good and fresh the food is, and I find the portions to be spot on.The  Danish salad is out of this world yummy! I don't really like the dressing but that's really easy to get on the side. The dates, currants, apple, blue cheese, almond combo is killer and delicious. The salads are definitely good-sized, but I like to get a carb-based side to go with it to make it truly filling. The $1.50 Quinoa side hits the spot.Highly recommend having lunch here! Parking on the street can be impossible during the work week, but there is a large parking garage just a block away.
2	Love when I order the raw veggie salad and it says it comes with avocado yet they never put the avocado in there..... standard. Basically the entire salad consists of lettucs and very few other veggies scattered throughout. Why would I pay $7 for a bowl of lettuce. This place needs to really step it up- their service is pretty awful. If you have 15 people in line.. shouldn't you have 2 registers open with people taking orders? Ridiculous. They get my order wrong more often than not. I don't know why I keep giving 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, chances. Hoping for a change.. not going to see one anytime soon probably.
4	Bowls are good and filling.  2nd time here I got a salad and it was great. Prices are good for the high quality and freshness.    Close to home and will return again soon
4	This place was a Godsend while we moved into our new home. With no way to prepare meals due to a kitchen project under way, we were in fairly constant need of a quick, light option for take out. Success at the ChopShop! It was such a relief to have something this close to home with healthy options and quick service.The menu is versitile and allows for easy customizations. I've always ordered the salads, but I have yet to try one I don't like. The tofu isn't too bad, though it's a little on the squishy side rather than the crispy/firm side. The dressings are light and lovely to boot. The sandwiches are actually quite large. My hubby seemed to enjoy his sandwich with the only comment being the bread was a tad dry, but he really loves the chocoalte peanut butter shake with espresso. He rarely even orders a chewable meal from here anymore.I haven't tried the breakfast options and while there aren't that many, they look delicious. Juice and drink options are great with a fabulous tea selections. When it's busy the take out orders have been a little slow, but that's to be expected. It appears dogs are welcome on the patio which is always a plus! Overall I strongly recommend this place for a quick and light bite that appeases any diet.
4	Phoenix is freaking hot, and it's extra dry for this Bayou City girl. So thankfully there's a juice bar that that serves amazingly fresh-pressed juices to hydrate the body - which in turn hydrates your skin, hair, etc. The juice concoctions are creative. I'm a fan of the Liver Cleanse: beet, apple, ginger, lemon parsley and aloe. Their juices are pricier than I've paid in other cities ($10 for the large), but they're also the largest servings I've ever seen (but with a lot of ice). I also wanted an immunity boost shot to-go (not on their menu, but it's lemon juice, ginger and cayenne). They don't offer any cayenne, unfortch, but they should totally work that lil' spice into some of their juices. It's has magical powers for the body, yo!!! :)With salads and sandwiches, breakfast, smoothies and coffees also on the menu, this makes for the perfect breakfast or lunch spot! Do try the Moroccan Turkey on their low carb bread! I really enjoyed that light lunch with a gourmet kick.
5	The Chop Shop is one of my favorite trendy health food spots and is located right in the heart of old town. They offer a wide variety of freshly made to order juice options, and protein shakes. I have tried all of them and was pleased every time! I myself do a lot of juicing at home so trying the different combination they use in their drinks has inspired me to try new recipes! They also have great salad options and protein plates to choose from. When I'm on the go this is my go to spot for quick and healthy eats!  I happen to love their Kale Salad  and Shrimp Protein Plate. I often call 20min ahead of time to place my order and take my food to go. This place is always busy and especially during lunch hours and on the weekends. The staff is very knowledgable about what they offer on the menu and they can help make suggestions if you get stuck on what to choose. This place has definitely set the bar for restaurants/cafes who are looking to offer their consumers quick and healthy eats at a great price!
3	I used to love love Chop House. Keyword USED TO. The last time I ordered a salad they forgot to add avocados and my steak, even though I paid for the steak. No big deal mistakes happen. But the next two times I tried to order from Chop House, their registers were down, another time power was out. Today I ordered a salad, and usually when its go they put the dressing on the side, but todays salad was DRENCHED in dressing. Like super soggy. I used to love love Chop Shop's salad, but I think I rather pay an extra $4 and go to Bungalow.
4	Love this place! Healthy meals that taste amazing!! My only real complaint is the chaos that tends to occur on Saturday and Sunday, especially in the morning. Their system for calling out your order has something to be desired and the waiting/ordering line can get crowded and at times claustrophobic. For that reason, and the outdoor "yard" area, I prefer the Tempe location but it is something I can definitely overlook considering how much I enjoy everything else at the Old Town location.
2	When Chop Shop opened I would have given it 5 stars, but things have gone down hill in the past couple months.  The juices are amazing I have no complaints there, the issue we are continuing to have is with lettuce in the salads.  Chop Shop creates wonderful salads, but lately salads have had really brown and slimy lettuce to the point of having to throw away 4 salads.  Not impressed!
4	The beet salad was possibly the best salad I've ever eaten. And the value was terrific. The salad had the perfect proportions of greens, beets, goat cheese and cashews. And the dressing was just the right amount. What a happy discovery. I'm just sorry I live in Florida and won't get to enjoy this often!
3	This place seems to stay pretty busy, so don't expect speed unless you happen to pop in at a slow time.  The beet salad was good, but the watermelon iced tea was kind of "meh".
3	The food is great! Fresh ingredients, great choices. Service and ordering leave A LOT to be desired. At 2:15 on a Saturday, waiting 20-30 minutes to order is not acceptable. Having the drink order come out with a 5 minute delay between each drink is ridiculous. It is ice tea. Not even juice. In fact the juices people ordered behind us came out before our ice tea. We have been regulars since it opened. I am sad to say that is going change unless they improve their system.
5	Fresh ingredients, a really decent price for everything there.  I come by once (or twice) each time I am in Scottsdale.  The juices are phenomenal if you are health conscious and need your kale juice fix.
4	I am in LOVE with the tri-tip protein plate! Whenever I'm in the mood for something super healthy yet super satisfying but not in the mood to cook this is my go-to meal of choice. I'm thrilled it's close to my office. I'm happy they're so popular but selfishly wish they weren't so busy at times. I also wish they delivered. Sometimes the staff is awesome sometimes just ok. It's not a bad thing, since its obvious to me they are incredibly busy all.the.time. This is the only reason I don't give 5 stars but it certainly doesn't deter me from returning. When any of my clients ask me for a recommendation for a meal after their appointment I always mention chop shop. Would love a location in the Biltmore/Phoenix area too :) (pretty please)
5	My wife and I were in Scottsdale on a business trip for a few days.Read some reviews and this place sounded like it fit the bill.We bought wraps and I had a muscle shake.Everything tasted fresh and great.
5	On our last morning in Scottsdale we decided to try cappuccinos here after a couple of below average experiences at Breakfast Club and The Gelato Spot.I virtually challenged Chelsea to deliver the goods but I'm sure she knew how to make a great cappuccino already because that's what we got.Thank you Chelsea.
4	My girlfriend and I had a couple of the protein plates. She had the tri-tip with quinoa and I had the chicken with forbidden rice. Hers came with something like a teriyaki sauce and mine came with a coconut curry type sauce. They were both really good, and a lot bigger than I thought they would be. I could barely finish mine. I forgot to ask for no mushrooms, and they put a lot of them in there, but they were easy to pick out. I also had the kale cleanse juice and it was good, but a little too much ginger and lime for my taste. Some of the salads I saw when I was there looked really good too. I didn't get to see any of the sandwiches, but they sound good. Their breakfast sounds good too. There was a breakfast burrito and an acai breakfast bowl with fruit and granola I want to try. The service was really friendly and fast too. I don't usually give out 5 star reviews on my first visit, but I will definitely be coming back to try their other offerings. If my future experiences are as good as this one, I will be updating my rating to a 5 for sure.
1	I can't do it anymore.  As you can see by my previous review I was last at Chop Shop only a week ago.  I decided to have breakfast there this morning and avoid the lettuce so I ordered the Sunrise Breakfast Wrap.  I cannot explain to you the amount of grease that came out of that thing.  It was beyond disgusting, once again I mustered down a couple bites and had to throw it away.  At this point I've thrown away as many meals as I have eaten there.  How they claim to be healthy is beyond me.
4	I really like this place for a quick business healthy lunch!! The service was friendly and quick. I had the chicken protein bowl and was very tasty! We sat at outdoor patio and was nice.
5	If you are looking for a place to grab a healthy, yet delicious meal-this is your place!  The chicken and kale wrap was really good, and tasted fresh.  The kale salad was good as well.  The best is the "Cheat Day Wrap".  Although not as healthy as the other options, the flavor makes it worth the extra calories.  If you are extra hungry, get a side of quinoa.  It is only a $1.50 and the portion is pretty huge for the price.
3	Nice option in the area for light, quick meal options. Portions are on the small side while they don't skimp on the price. Taste is unremarkable but the ingredients seem quite fresh.
5	Was so excited to finally try this place and it did not disappoint! I tried the kale juice which was delicious? Even if you are not a fan of the taste of green juices you would prob still like this. And I also had the kale cedar salad, was very impressed with it. Everything was healthy and fresh, this will be added to my favorite list, can't wait to go back and try some more of the different kinds of juices
5	Great concept. Healthy options and fresh juices. You won't be disappointed. Staff was friendly and fun, you could tell they actually liked working there. A must visit when I'm in Old Town Scottsdale.
5	Good food - reminds me of a Green only with more options & urban flare. Great location small inside but worth wait for seating!  Numerous vegetarian or vegan options.
2	Giving 2 stars based solely that none of there "healthy" drinks are organic.  Which means your drinking poison.  Your better off not drinking this crap.  Please have an option for people who would like organic charge me more.  If people are soooo health conscious that dine at your "healthy" cafe then why aren't they complaining.
4	Original ChopShop is a great place for some fresh food to revive that nutrient poor body of mine. Sandwiches are awesome and are big enough to feed a family of 6. Fresh ingredients and drinks. Great place to add in your diet or healthy lifestyle.
1	I'm extremely disappointed. I came to Chop Shop very excited because I read it's amazing reviews and several friends had recommended it. The place was packed and so I thought it must me good. I got the shrimp protein plate & a side of sweet potatoes with kale. The first thing I noticed was that everything was drenched in oil. I ate it anyway & enjoyed the flavors and assumed they used a healthy oil since the restaurant advertised as being a "healthy cuisine" Well immediately after I ate the meal my stomach started to kill. I went up to the girl working at the front & asked what kind of oil they used and my mouth dropped. She said "Canola". This is a place that is advertised as healthy. If you don't know anything about Canola it is one of the worst oils you can use. I am in shock & don't think i'm going back. Over 90% of Canola oil is genetically modified and resistant to the herbicide roundup & is extremely unhealthy. You know that Olive Oil comes from olives, and that Sesame Seed Oil comes from sesame seeds. It would make sense that Canola Oil comes from Canola Seeds, right? Well, there's actually no such thing.Canola is a made-up word which stands for "Canadian oil low acid", and is a genetically modified product. It is a Canadian invention that is backed by the government. It's a cheap product to manufacture, and many processed or packaged foods contain canola oil.If you came to this restaurant expecting "healthy" food, this is not the place. Their tofu isn't organic which is also GMO and none of their food is advertised as organic. I guess I was expecting a healthy, organic, non-GMO restaurant and it wasn't what I expected. If you don't care about health and GMOs then it's a good place. Otherwise it's not for you if you want something healthy. Read the article below for more information.http://www.draxe.com/canola-oil-gm/
1	Want to pretend to be healthy?Now you can! And ChopShop can help.Here's how:1) Order a kale caesar.2) Throw in some delicious, protein-packed shrimp. Really, the shrimp are excellent. Skip the tofu.3) Enjoy the full cup of caesar dressing that's suffocating the life out of each and every piece of kale and coating your mouth in a film best described as what every salad at the most mediocre chain restaurant in the world tastes like.4) Delude yourself into thinking that a bowl of dressing, flecked with green, is good for you.Seriously, if you're going to down a thousand calories of salty fat, just get a cheeseburger and fries and enjoy the hell out of it. Never has ordering a salad made me want to skip dessert, until now.
5	Exactly what Old Town Scottsdale was missing!  A relaxed atmosphere that puts out high quality, health conscious dishes out for breakfast, lunch & dinner!  I usually have difficulty deciding what to order because it's all incredible but recently the chicken protein plate with quinoa and brown rice has been hitting the spot!  They definitely do not skimp on the portion size either....always leave happy, healthy & full!  Highly recommended to ANYONE in the area!
3	Had the Moroccan Turkey Sandwich for lunch with the sweet potato hash. Great meal. Came back for breakfast and had the Sunrise Wrap. The ingredients looked great, however it lacked seasoning all together. Overall a solid 3.
5	Great, healthy food and juice options. Salad choices are all interesting and pair well with the fresh juices. Lots of outside seating, complete with organic dog biscuits for your 4 legged friends.
5	I'm addicted! Although it's super busy and parking is spares, it's so worth it. The protein plates actually come in a bowl and is easily enough food for 2 people or 2 meals
4	I'd love to have one of these in Tucson, and rumor has it that we might! I love a crisp and hearty salad- and Chop Shop delivers on both counts. I have yet to dine in, as lunch has been brought to the office on both occasions, so I'm holding off on that extra star for a dine-in experience. The kale Caesar salad with chicken is my go-to choice. The salad is quite large and filling. I'm not entirely sure of the dressing is light or low cal, but since its served on the side for to-go orders I haven't experienced anything less than a fresh and crisp salad.  Per Gabi M's recommendation, I ordered a pita wrap on the side. Make mini wraps out of your salad- delish! I've also tasted a quinoa salad with veggies which was also super light. So far, it makes for a perfect lunch at the office. I look forward to trying their juice!
4	Branched out to try the sandwiches and the Moroccan Turkey sandwich was a clear winner. Nearly all the gas issues from the last review have been solved. This baby was stuffed into low carb bread which was rectangular in shape. It was loaded with fresh turkey, field greens, a yogurt based spread and then sliced grapes for a crazy change of pace. Also served with a side salad and under 8 bucks. That corner of Scottsdale is also loaded with eye candy going back and forth, so eat outside and enjoy the view with the great healthy food.
4	This place is great and pretty much everyone loves it. BUT I go here so much and I think it's healthy and I am sure it is but can you guys please come out with the nutritional facts??? I like to know what I'm eating and what I'm paying for.
4	It's always hard to find a tasty, healthy restaurant, but lucky me! I found one. Unlucky for me, I don't live in Scottsdale :/Things I loved:-Solid portion: I got the Tri-Tip protein plate and it was more than enough. If I didn't live in a hotel that weekend, I would have totally split it into 2 meals, but I had no refrigerator. -Actually healthy: You know places like Chili's or Applebees where you feel all proud for resisting that fatty burger and ordering the salad only to find out that the salad was more caloric than the burger because of all the dressing? Yeah, it's not like that at ChopShop. You can tell that they use fresh ingredients and the taste was not overwhelming at all. In fact, it was deliciously balanced.-FORBIDDEN RICE: It's in all caps. Need I say more?One thing I didn't love, but was still ok with:-Just a little pricey: I think I was ok with the price of the protein plate but their juices/smoothies are outrageously pricey. I got the 16 oz. slim squeeze and it was $5.50. Their 32 oz. are $10! I know they put a lot of ingredients in there but come, it's just fruit in the end. Tasted good, but don't think I'm willing to spend that much again.If I ever come back to Scottsdale, I'll definitely make another visit!
5	I have been remiss in not writing this review sooner.  This place is a go-to at our house, and we often stop in for a healthy dinner with friends on the weekends.  I love the humus and veggie sandwich - really tasty, genuinely healthy, and it comes with a side of kale salad.  I also like to order a side of sweet potato hash - delicious, but a little heavier.  The protein bowls and breakfasts are quite good, too, and the hearty scones make a wonderful quick meal.The other night, one of the lovely employees, Colt, introduced me to my new favorite thing: the veggie sadwich, served as a wrap, with shrimp - dee-licious!!!  I checked and they're happy to make this modified item any time!  I can't wait to have it again!!One more tip: try the Stevia Lemondade - so yummy!!  This is such a treat because I love lemonade, but I'm usually put off by the amount of sugar required to make it tasty.**After tons of wonderful visits, great service and delicious food, I'm bumping them up to 5 stars!**
4	Nice prices, healthy food and overall a good experience. Will definitely come back. Had the protein plate with chicken which was good and had one of the protein shakes as well. Overall a good alternative for something a bit healthier
5	on our search for a quick, easy bite, we yelped this place thinking it was a steak house. wrong! deliciously exquisite vegan, vegetarian, and meatatarian food awaits. it's in the old philly cheese steak location, right next to stingray. the server behind the counter, even as busy as he was, greeted us like we were old friends. the menu is well-rounded, with a flair for healthy options. wraps, salads, sandwiches, and juices are their specialty. i opted for the spicy shrimp protein bowl. it was a huge portion, literally packed with shrimp. the black rice was a little gooey and delicious. filled to the brim with cauliflower, broccoli, carrot slivers, and shrimp. i was full about 1/2 way into it, but it was so tasty, i ate the whole thing...and i didn't feel a bit of guilt. there is outside seating and self serve water. the inside is kinda small but for scottsdale weather, who cares!this will become a definite regular for us.
4	Great breakfast burritos and salads.  The smoothies are hit n miss,  but once you find one you like you're good.  Needs free WiFi for the wait times.
4	Decided to check this place out while walking around old town. I'm glad I did I was looking for something light and healthy and this place delivered. It's a shame I'm not from here because this would of been a favorite of mine.I got the beef tri-tip and it was amazing and it was big enough to share as a light lunch. Lemonade is fresh and refreshing as well.
5	I bypassed this establishment for a long time thinking that the name referred to a meat-heavy menu. Thanks to my fellow yelpers I learned that that is not the case at all!Their menu is full of fresh, tasty, healthy food. Salads, sandwiches, juices, breakfast.It's very casual: order at the counter, receive a number, find a table. My husband ordered a protein bowl with shrimp, and I tried the beet salad with tofu. I thought both of them were delicious!!!Days after I'm still thinking about that salad! Decent value too. I saw a lot of people getting take-out from here....not a bad idea.
4	Completely hipster, completely satisfying. I was visiting in town and wanted something quick, but local, and this place did not disappoint. I opted for the veggie bowl and grilled shrimp, which came with forbidden rice and it was excellent. Given that this place has pretty fresh, local ingredients, the price was right up my alley. Casual dining, but great for a quick bite in downtown.
5	I figured I should update this since I have been back on multiple occasions now and tried more of the menu. I haven't had a single bad meal here. In fact, everything I have tried here has been great. Not only does everything taste amazing, I feel great after eating it.My favorites here so far are the chicken protein bowl with quinoa, the tri-tip sandwich and the chicken and prosciutto sandwich. I was a bit worried about the sandwiches because of the whole wheat low-carb bread, but these did not have that cardboard taste that I have come to associate with low-carb. The bread seemed like a cross between a pita and wheat bread. They were nice and soft and the flavor was really good.I have yet to try the salads or the breakfast, but I will get there. I have no doubt that they will be just as good as everything else so far.
4	This place took over the old Philadelphia Sandwich Company space (they moved around the corner) about a year ago and it is like a whole different world. Not only is the food the complete opposite - healthy and fresh salads, bowls and wraps instead of greasy cheese steaks - but also the restaurant got a total makeover and expansion. It's a very cute place but it gets crazy busy at lunch time. Best strategy seems to be to go with a friend and have one of you hover and pounce on a table while the other stands in line to order. That is what my friend and I did and we got in and out in under an hour since they bring the food out pretty fast. Also, I thought that the prices were very reasonable for this part of Scottsdale.I had the beet salad and it was fantastic. The beets were in huge delectable chunks and the greens were not wilted. And plenty of other little goodies like flecks of goat cheese, golden raisins and chopped cashews. I did not find that they used too much dressing at all (even though other reviews mentioned this) - it was very light and barely noticeable. I loved the fact that they had a few different kinds of flavored (but unsweetened) iced teas in seasonal flavors... I've been on a bit of an iced tea kick lately. The one I tried was a raspberry green tea, I believe. I'm looking forward to trying more off their menu in the future since my friend has been raving about this place for months!
5	DEE-licious and fresh.  Feel good food, awesome beverages (iced teas, fresh juice, coffee) and friendly service! Great location as well
5	We go to Chop Shop for everything! Breakfast, lunch, dinner, juice, smoothies. One of the coolest, hippest places in town. So glad to see healthy food done fast and fun getting so much patronage. Recommend the green glory juice and the zen bowl. Yum!
4	After a long weekend of overeating on a Scottsdale weekend vacation, I perused for a salad locale and stumbled across this place. I knew I was at the right spot when I saw the long line and a sea of women in lulu lemon clothing - (definitely popular and trendy!)We had the - American chop : I loved that they used cooked egg in the salad, and the corn chips were also a great addition- Beet chop : The fresh yellow beet slices were wonderful. The prices are good at ~ &7 for a sizeable bowl. Great selection of pressed juices as well. The place was crowded for lunch, but surprisingly fast and friendly service for a line of more than 15 people. The interior is casual but cute.
5	Always great. Consistent and healthy. Plus lots of gluten free options. The decor is also really fun and understated. Concept is great, I can see why it's always busy. Looks like they are expanding the dining area and bathrooms. Should be pretty cool. Love it.
4	I come here every time I have to work in Scottsdale. The cold pressed juices are what keep me coming back. The food is just okay to me. Maybe I've tried the wrong dishes? I'll still keep coming back however for the fab drinks.
4	A group of my coworkers and I went here about a month ago and I loved their food.  Their pressed juice Kale Cleanse was so good I could have drank it all day every day, it was addictive good.  And their sandwiches were huge so I was able to eat half for lunch and the other half for dinner making it completely worth the price.The only things I didn't like was there is no where to park, that's a plus for them because that means they are busy but a negative for me and my coworkers because it means the place isn't really meant for takeout.  So when you're doing a lunch run and it's your turn to pick up, it really sucks trying to carry 6 drinks and tons of food to your car parked far away.  And they don't have an easy carrying box for multiple drinks either. I had to stop every 50 feet to adjust my grip so that I wouldn't spill the drinks.I also wished they delivered.  Sometimes all of my coworkers want to order about $60-$100 worth of food, if not a larger order at times.  But we just can't break away from our work stations.  The food is delicious but we just can run and get it.  I bet if they set up delivery within a small area to cover the businesses near buy, they'd be picking up $1000's more in revenue per a week if not a day.  Like I said, my coworkers and I can easily bring up a hefty each run.But what can you do, maybe one day in the future things will change and they'll have delivery.  In the mean time, the lack of delivery will not stop me from eating there whenever I can.
5	Very good, healthy and reasonably priced. Beet salad and chicken kale sandwich are our to-go-tos. When this concept goes national, you'll be able to say you frequented the second location. Best of luck with your expansion...
4	Great protein shakes. Great Asian salad. Love the protein bowls. Takes a bit long for shakes but kinda worth it Love this place.
5	I wish a ChopShop would open in Tucson, because this place is now one of my go to places when I'm in Scottsdale for smoothies, salads, sandwiches and juices. My newest obsession is the Chicken Protein Plate, which is packed with diced chicken, veggies and Forbidden rice, all covered in a delicious Thai Peanut sauce. The Forbidden rice is a black rice definitely tastes different than traditional white rice. Don't let it scare you off though, it really makes the dish not only interesting to look at but full of flavor. If you aren't in daring mood, you can substitute the forbidden rice for white/brown rice or sweet potato hash. In addition to the protein plate, I also recommend their homemade lemonades. They change them up by the season and last time I was there it was watermelon lemonade, but unfortunately, they were sold out, so I "built my own" juice with carrots, cucumbers and apple, and was very pleased. If you haven't tried ChopShop yet, I highly recommend it.
4	Amazing for a healthy breakfast. Feel satisfied and clean. Tried the power green juice and it was delicious. Also the open egg sandwich is yummy.
3	Not worth the money. Is it good food? Yes.Is it healthy? Very.Is it worth it? Maybe...It seems like it hasn't really lived up to the hype. The prices are high, and the service is not the greatest. Especially when its busy. I do enjoy the fresh juice, and their recipes are pretty solid. But for some reason, I'm not that impressed with the place as a whole.
5	I've become a fan of places with successfully healthy, yet delicious food! Everything was delicious: beet salad, shrimp protein bowl, green kale juices...SO GOOD! The prices are actually not bad for the quality of ingredients. If you're going to try anything...try the BEET SALAD!
5	Great good, great service and really healthy options!  I love what they've done with the place.  Ordering was simple and they bring it out to you once it's ready.  I recommend getting on of their signature drinks.
3	The concept, ambience and music are great.  The food was really good too.  I would give this a 4.5 star, but the staff were notably rude.  I heard one of the people say to a customer in a rude, stern voice "I cannot hear you".  Also, I was standing on the wrong side of a register and the person behind the counter asked me if I was picking up something, and when I said no, he said "this spot is for pick up only" (note when I blushed and apologized and slid over 3 inches, he was then willing to answer my question).
5	This is a weekly staple for me.  Fresh and unique ingredients.  The food comes out swiftly and never disappoints. Thank you for curing my weekend hangovers!
4	The food is just okay but I would probably eat here every day if I lived here.  Good intentions with the menu and my typical go to meals on the road.
5	Great location and great food. I recommend the Kale Chicken Caesar in a wrap and the Kale Cleanse juice.
5	Awesome healthy food.  Great smoothies, coffee concoctions and drink remedies.  A little wait time during weekend but all in all 2 thumbs up!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. I used to live in Scottsdale, and was recently back for a visit and am insanely jealous that this place exists in Old Town now!  I had the American salad just as it comes, and I devoured every bite.  The raspberry tea that I had to drink was also very good!My non-salad loving DP had the BBQ chicken salad (when in Rome...) and his bowl was also clean when we left.  I'm now wishing that I had tried some of the juices or stopped back again before heading back east.ChopShop, please come to Philadelphia!
5	I was looking for a good casual lunch place in old town scottsdale and stumbled over this place. GREAT lunch option for those looking for something healthy. I had the kale caesar salad with grilled shimp and a lemon-dijon dressing and it was to DIE for. Absolutely delicious. Paired it with one of their freshly pressed juices and it was the perfect start to a day of shopping and relaxing! Definitely worth it to stop by if you are in the area.
4	Delicious. Came here with friends for breakfast. I ordered the zen bowl. It was both filling and tasty. I added hot sauce or it would have been bland in my opinion. Also ordered a cafe mocha and really enjoyed my specialty coffee. Great little spot for a healthy meal.
4	ChopShop is quickly turning into one of my favorite lunch spots in Old Town. The staff has always been helpful & cheery every time I have visited, & the atmosphere of the whole restaurant & patio area are so adorable. At first glance the menu may seem limited but there really are so many options for delicious and healthy food. Their juices, teas, and lemonade have been absolutely perfect every time I have ordered. The main reason ChopShop has earned a place in my heart though, their tofu is ALWAYS cooked perfectly. It is difficult to find a restaurant that consistently puts out good and delicious tasting tofu, and ChopShop has yet to disappoint me. Their breakfast menu & pastries have been tempting each visit, but I have yet to actually try them out, next visit for sure!!
5	Love Chop Shop!!!!  Today at lunch my daughter got the wrong order.  The manager, Robbie, was so nice to us.  He immediately put in the new order with no questions asked. He made us feel like the customer really is important-he was awesome!!  I hope Chop Shop realizes how great he is!  We will continue to eat at Chop Shop as often as we can!
4	Amazing food and drinks.  However, they need more than one cashier open at lunch.  Wait times are long.
5	The best juices in town! I recommend the Kale Cleanse! The Acai bowl is also fantastic!
4	Yum, I had the acai bowl and the kale cleanse when I came in a few weeks ago for a breakfast meeting. It was my first here and I am looking forward to coming back. Everything was super tasty and filling. The bowl was larger than I expected and dang good! I also wish I had gotten the larger juice as I sucked it down pretty fast. It was pretty packed when I was in at 8:30, I'd imagine it would stay busy throughout the day until post lunch crowd dies down. There is also WiFi available, just ask reallll nice or use your noggin to figure it out :). It's a good spot to get some work done in the back or enjoy the nice weather outside. Also a great spot to keep yourself motivated as your will be constantly reminded that there are a shit ton of people in better shape than you and that it seems like everyone has far more time than you to be going to yoga, the gym, running miles, etc.
5	My son summed up lunch perfectly:  "It's just awesome and healthy."  Get a protein plate with Chicken or Tri-Tip and a side of the sweet potato hash.  It is really the perfect meal in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale.  My wife and daughter had salads and they loved them.  To top it off we each had some of their green juices (Liver Cleanse and Power Green).  Can't wait until they open up closer to home in California.
4	I can't believe it took me this long to try this place... It was so good!!  I've walked by dozens of times trekking around old town shopping and drinking and eating ... So I made a date with my wifey to try this place out and we were not disappointed.  As I am in the middle of 30 days vegan, I went with the Tofu w/green curry protein plate.  They call it a plate, but its served in a bowl... In the bottom of the bowl, there are roasted veggies consisting of carrots, cauliflower, broccoli and onions.  Along with the veggies, you get a choice of forbidden rice, brown rice, quinoa or sweet potato hash.  I went with the SP hash since I'd already had rice that day. On top of your grain/hash choice and veggies comes the tofu and green curry sauce.  Amazing flavors.  The curry has just a little heat, but the sweetness from the roasted veggies is a perfect compliment.  My wifey had the shrimp protein plate option with the forbidden rice and gave it rave reviews.  There was so much food neither of us finished our portions (we tried!) We left very full and for about $8 total.  I have already notified the bf that we'll be back.
5	HEALTHY GOOD FOODSuch good food, love both locations and have always had a great experience, from the protein plates to the fresh pressed juices. Anything on the menu is a great and hope it sticks around for a long time.
4	Ate here twice during a recent trip to Scottsdale.  The Old Town location is great and they have nice outdoor seating.  Service was friendly and quick.  The menu offers a variety of fresh and healthy options and the protein plate with tofu is an excellent vegan option.  It comes with tofu, choice of grain, and a ton of sauteed veggies.  My husband and I went there twice and I ordered it both times.  It is a generous amount of food and really tasty.
4	4 and not 5 stars because it is always a production to get here, there is hardly ever any parking and the line is always so long, and I think the food Takes forever, not a quick lunch break spot most of the time, however, the food is always excellent and service is always pleasant! I love the chicken protein bowl with the sweet potato hash! Their pressed juices are amazing!
5	The ChopShop is by far one of my favorite dining establishments in the valley. They offer healthy and high quality food, with a pretty wide variety of options that range from healthy green juices, protein shakes, salads, sandwiches and protein plates! The atmosphere here really reminds me of Urth Cafe in Los Angeles, it's a really organic, earthy coffee shop feeling with both indoor and outdoor seating options. It can get pretty slammed during lunch hours so if your strapped for time I would recommend calling in and order ahead of time! A few of my fav items here are the Kale Cesar Salad, The Tri Tip and the Shrimp protein Plate, both plates are served with their super healthy and might I add yummy black forbidden rice and a generous helping of roasted broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, onions and mushrooms. I was really impressed with the quality of the steak and shrimp that they have and honestly the size of the shrimp they serve. Juice wise I love their Power Green Juice which has Kale, cucumber, celery, apple, ginger, parsley and lemon. When I am in the area and looking for a healthy and quick lunch option this is my go to spot!
5	Had another great meal at Chop Shop today. Must say I am very impressed with the  remodel, really opened up the place. Got the BBQ salad wrap for the first time which was a great choice. I took a friend for her first time and I am going to guess she will be returning frequently. Great spot as always!
4	I love the Asian salad with chicken.  Wrapped or in a bowl.  Highlight of my work week.  Kale cleanse is so vibrant and refreshing.  Thanks for being open right across the street from where I work.
1	So so turkey sandwich & apparently they don't understand no tomato. Will not be back.
5	Love all the egg combos on their breakfast menu.  Their scones and baked goods.... not a huge fan of... but the coffee is delicious.  Great ambience, and the staff are stellar.
5	I stopped in here with my brother while exploring Scottsdale. We came right during lunch time so the line was super long. I ordered the BBQ Chicken salad & the kale cleanse juice, both were delicious! Great place for a healthy lunch.
2	I went to Chop Shop with some buddies on a Monday night. The manager Alex did an awful job of managing how the food went out. My order took 35 minutes and the multiple people got their food before me even though I ordered first. Once the order came out it was missing sides and toppings. After complaining multiple times the manger took a very laid back approach. He said oh there are a whole bunch of orders back there. This manager was just awful and shouldn't be in such a position. He is clearly way over his head if he can't handle a Monday night. My visit was on 5-12-14 aprox 8:20 pm.
5	LOVE this place. I am from Boston and would kill to have one of these in my area. I went to Chop Shop for a quick breakfast on a recent Scottsdale trip, and it was absolutely delicious! I had the acai bowl and a slim squeeze juice and both were amazing. My acai bowl had tons of strawberries and bananas on top with honey drizzled over them and a sprinkling of coconut. YUM. The prices are super fair as well.
5	better than expected healthy delicious food, awesome salads, call it in though cuz this place gets packed around the hot times.
4	With the recent remodel everything flows much better. Food quality and juices are still fantastic.
5	I absolutely love this place!!! Healthy food that tastes amazing! I come here every chance I get and everything from their juices to salads, sandwiches and protein rice bowls are SO good!!
5	These guys simply just do it right. Whoever came up with this concept is just brilliant. When I went the chia pudding wasn't in stock... I hope it is next time, I'm dying to try it.
5	So delicious, healthy & affordable! The juices are amazing, protein bowls are delicious, and the service is outstanding!I recommend the  green power juice, chicken thai curry bowl w forbidden rice, and an  iced almond milk mocha!
5	Food is great. I eat here a few times a week and never get sick of it. The juices are good too. Make sure you pick up a frequent diner card.
2	Great product horrendous service I used to love this place but seems like it's gone completely down hill. With the volume they're serving they should have a staff that can pick up the pace. I was the second person in line and it took 20 minutes to get one juice (that has a premade base) Skip this place if your time is important to you
3	Chop shop has a great concept. I am just struggling finding a go to item on the menu. I have not been a big fan of the sandwiches. The protein bowls were a bit better but I was far from in love with it. Maybe I just need some comfort food instead of health food...
5	This place is the epitome of a great lunch spot. They have everything! I was overwhelmed with options. They have salads, sandwiches, "protein bowls", breakfast, parfaits, juices, coffee, puppies, and interpretive dancing. Alright, maybe they don't have the last two (unless you bring your own puppy) but it was a lot to think about. I settled on a dutch salad with a side of sweet potato hash and quinoa. The salad was perfectly dressed, with plenty of Gorgonzola, pear, dates, and leafy greens. Likewise the quinoa was a great addition. It was lemony, with crunchy snap peas. The sweet potato hash could have used an extra jolt of flavor but it was nothing that salt couldn't fix.The service was iffy because they messed up our order. But they were swamped so I understand.If you sit outside beware of the mister that's used to cool people off! It surprised us and I felt like me and my meal were produce at the grocery store.
2	This used to be one of my favorite places, but sadly has started to go downhill. The quality of the food, as well as the service, is not what it used to be, and with all the great places going up, it should consider going back to what it used to be if it wants to keep customers, because they just lost a regular. No one likes a watered down drink...I'd rather go to d'lish, make sure to check out that place!!!! :)
5	Honestly this is probably my favorite go to place after my grueling gym workouts. Their salads are fantastic as well as their juices and everything! Lol. yes they are short staffed sometimes and it gets poppin but it's not the employees fault so let's not take it out on them. I work in the service industry so I know that a smile and   bit of patience can go a long way! They also make everything to order so obviously it's gonna take a few minutes so if u are so worried about time then go somewhere else or you can always call the order in to go so they can make it without you breathing down their necks :) all in all I will keep going here because it's delicious, reasonably priced, friendly and right next to my gym!
5	I would eat here just about every work day if it were close. Would love see this expand to Encinitas/Solana Beach/Del Mar, I think it would suit the market very well.This is a nicely designed shop with a mix of natural and man made elements. It reminds me a little of some SF design because of the white tiles, but with more of a south-western flavor.The food is just spot-on for my needs. Healthy, but not compromising the flavor. They have very good salads, sandwiches, and bowls. With something to cater for all kinds of special diets.Places like this are why I love coming to the desert... besides the sun & pool.
5	The URTH Cafe of Scottsdale
4	Delicious and healthy food!!!  Love the salads, shakes and all things Chop Shop.  The place is always slammed at lunch time...so wear your patience and zen if you decide to lunch here.  It would have received 5 stars from me if their staff at the registers weren't so ditzy (make sure you repeat your order 10 times), and had more personality with their customers.  They all seem like they hate their jobs.
3	Been here twice now. The first I ordered the tri-tip wrap and it was delicious! The second time I ordered the shrimp protein bowl, did not like it.. ended up throwing it out actually. The fresh juices are yummy. Would I dine here again? Probably not.
5	Do you like good food that's healthy and doesn't break the bank? ChopShop is the place to be. It's got a nice kind of chill vibe to it and I haven't had anything I didn't like.
5	This is our new favorite place! We have been several times over the past year and the food is always fresh and consistent. We went on Sunday, and they have expanded the seating area which made for an even better experience. Love this place!
5	So good, perfect morning boost !! Fast and good !! Service is always pleasant..Great at any time of the day, love the fact that you can order the all menu early !!
5	Love this place! It is a go to spot for me all the time and I can't wait to bring friends and family from out of town! The American Chop Salad is my fav :)
5	Went to ChopShop with a group of friends for a casual dinner. Not a long line and we were able to get a table no problem, which is nice because it was normally really busy at lunch hours.I had the shrimp protein bowl which was excellent. You can choose from four grains to add with the protein and vegetables, so I got half sweet potato hash and half "forbidden", or black, rice. It was delicious, especially after adding some siracha! Last time I did the chicken protein bowl with quinoa and sweet potato hash, but I personally preferred the shrimp more.I will definitely be there again soon, there juices are excellent as well!
5	This place is awesome. I haven't even wandered the menu because their protein bowls are so good AND nutritious. Juicers are awesome. All around awesome place and atmosphere.
5	Love this place! Yummy affordable healthy and friendly :).  Love their side salads, wraps, and sandwich very filling without feeling over stuffed . I tried their chicken protein bowl with quinoa and it's Delish! Portion is very generous and flavor is not bland like some other healthy food joint, it's full of flavor! Have to try their lime shrimp next time :) love the fact that all the proteins are different flavors . Had their p&j parfait today was yummy and well presented! Love those seasonal peach tea ! Love love love!  I'll be here every week :)
5	I can only say I wish we had this place in Hollywood.   I would eat here lunch every day.  This is a healthy restaurant that is delicious.   What a concept these people have.   A vegan could eat here and every one in between. I had a roasted vegetable bowl with shrimp.  Wow it was delicious. You can customize everything.
5	I am obsessed with this place!I have had their breakfast bowls, protein bowls, salads, protein shakes, and juices and I have never been dissatisfied! Food is affordable and delicious and the Scottsdale location has a great set up. I love everything about Chop Show and I recommend it to anyone and everyone!
4	Chop chop, get your self to the chop shop!The protein plates are so so good here. I ordered the tofu with quinoa which comes with broccoli, cauliflower, mushrooms, carrots and onions. My only complaint (and it may just be personal) is that they use silken tofu. Not a fan...it can taste a little like a non cooked egg white to me. No bueno. I prefer my tofu as firm as Jillian Michaels' booty.Overall, a great place to catch a healthy organic meal, but a tip: order ahead and pick it up because the line is LONG.
4	I love the chicken protein bowl. The staff are always nice and willing to make adjustments to the food if possible. I haven't tried any of their desserts yet, but they always sound tempting!
4	I love The Chop Shop. The atmosphere, feel and aesthetics of all the locations is fantastic. You feel as if you could be in California, nice beachy feel.The food is fantastic, healthy and you always feel satisfied and full. The prices may seem a little higher (9-10 entrees) but the quantity and quality of food makes it a steal. I prefer subbing sweet potato hash and avocado rather than the forbidden rice. I also prefer getting my sandwiches as a wrap as opposed to their bread. Their juices are also incredible, the liver cleanse is fantastic tasting and a hangover cure ;)One thing though that I'm constantly unsatisfied with which is why I only gave four stars, is the service. This place always seems to take longer than it should, even when it's not busy. The employees are nice and friendly, but not at all quick. I always place  my order to go and even then if I've made the order 20-25 minutes prior I occasionally get stuck waiting 15 minutes. I would definitely enjoy this place to the fullest if the employees were quicker and more efficient. They also can't split up orders, for instance I placed an order for me and two of my co-workers, and when we arrived they said it all had to go on one card which was extremely frustrating.Over all though, I do recommend this spot for healthy eats and the nice decor :)
5	This place is a hidden gem!  The acai bowl, sweet potato hash and veggie hummus sammy are amazing!  Can't wait to come back next time I'm in town.
3	It's alright. We came here wanting something fast and healthy. Not sure how healthy this place actually is or if they one of those places that are perceived to be healthy but sell non-organic stuff. I got a bowl with brown rice. It wasn't very tasty. Their pinakaleada is really good.
5	This is my favorite place to go when I am visiting my Scottsdale office. The PB&J greek yogurt parfait is the business. Banana, blueberries, strawberries, yogurt, granola, and a generous dollop of peanut butter. A perfect balanced breakfast for me. The cold brew coffee is good and very strong. They also have an amazing menu of juices, smoothies, healthy salads and sandwiches. Healthy + delicious = super win. Highly recommend. Be Awesome ~ chase
4	I've now been to three Chop Shop locations in the valley and the food is dynamite at each and every stop. Love the chopped vegetable salad, the fresh smoothies, the sweet potato hash, and the delectable baked goods. The flavors here are clean, fresh, unpretentious, and not overly seasoned or sweetened. I love how refreshing it all is. Gotta say my favorite location is the one in Chandler though - love the ambiance there!!
5	One of my favorite places in Scottsdale. Quick, pretty healthy, and always friendly staff. Ask for the BBQ ranch. Steak & chicken bowl are great.
1	The main issue is its tooooo loud to enjoy lunch here. They blare very loud music OVER the sound of the customers and the loudness of the juicer and then the self serve ice. Everyone I've been here with just thinks its overload and not at all enjoyableAlso the juices are all base with barely any greens compared to other juice bars and  grocery stores w juice bars. Wanted to love it.
5	Absolutely beyond yummy!!!!  To die for!!!!  I just tried ChopShop today while in Phoenix for business and oh my goodness!!!  I wish I could pack this restaurant in my carry on and take it back to LA.  It would do very, very well in SoCal.  I ordered the Danish salad and loved every single bite.  Also tried the sweet potato hash and lemonade.  All very good!!!  Highly recommend.  ; )
2	I'm not one to write negative reviews but it felt right as I had an awkward experience last night.  I had ordered a protein bowl and when delivered it was with the forbidden rice.  I failed to read carefully that the forbidden rice is standard.  I kindly apologized for not requesting brown rice and asked for a new one.  The employees told me NO, that per management they are not to redo a rice bowl without charging me the cost of a new one.  At 36 years old, I have never experienced a restaurant not catering to the customer's request for a change, never mind a small fast food like place.  The fact they stated it was the managements rule was beyond me.  Needless to say, I won't be dining here anymore.
3	The husband and I grabbed a quick dinner at the ChopShop about a week ago and it was honestly ok. The restaurant was fairly busy when we went, but we didn't have to wait to put in our order. The guy behind the counter was friendly and seemed to know about the restaurant's product. I ordered the tri tip sandwich and the husband had the turkey club, which were reasonably priced for under 10$ each. They have the fast casual model in which you order at the counter and take a number to your table where your food is delivered a few minutes later. We sat in one of their (somewhat awkward) booths that are very close together with other tables and booths. The decor of the restaurant is cute, but they definitely appeal to a certain crowd (particularly men wearing tank tops.... I've never seen so many men wearing tank tops in one place in my life, and I've been to Miami). Our food arrived after a short wait and it was alright. My sandwich was fairly tasty, though the meat was a little chewy. The husband's sandwich was fair, just a run of the mill club. The salads served with the sandwiches were bland and tasted like they hadn't been dressed, but the vegetables were fresh. Overall, it was ok, but I wouldn't run back here again.
4	Such a fast, amazing quality food for anyone's type! I love the rice bowls they have. This place reminds me a lot of a mixture of costa vida and chipotle meshed into one good restaurant! The meat was tender as the veggies were perfect. Good place for a quick lunch!
1	Sad to say but I won't be returning here until they step it back up. I've been a long time loyal customer at Chop Shop and everytime I go the last couple of months, the quality is bad. Before Chop Shop grew in size, they had healthy food, good sized portions and the food was fresh. Today, I had a warm Kale Caeser salad with mixed greens, iceberg lettuce and about 5 pieces of kale. The whole salad is supposed to be KALE with some mixed greens. What happened here?I can tell they're faster at the orders because normally I have to wait 20 mins and today I only waited about 7-8, but that comes with a price. The price is an $11 salad with warm dressing and unhealthy iceberg lettuce I could buy at the store for $2. Chop Shop - I won't be returning until you go back to your roots and give me back my healthy salads like you originally started with.
4	A delicious kale chicken salad and side salad.  The soadas are all sweetened with agave.  Awesome.  Hubby had the protein bowl with forbidden rice.  Very good and wholesome.  Nice light meal.
5	This place is perfect when you want a healthy meal and a great setting. It's cheap, but not fast food and the people who work here are always so friendly. They are never cheap with the ingredients in whatever you order. Last time, I got a shrimp bowl(?) and there was SO much food that it was 2 meals for me. They are also super accommodating. I always ask for half quinoa and half sweet potato mash and they always give so much of both. Their food is filling and a great place to go with friends!
2	A bit overpriced, both chicken and tri tip bowl were good but very dry....  This place also does not have a friendly vibe....  It's pretty pretentious.  Good intention with healthy food but smug is in the air...
5	Love the fresh juices, and my favorite items are the healthier alternative baked goods. So yummy! Decor is fun and fresh, too :)
4	Really delicious and fresh food. Can't wait to come back here. I enjoyed the ambience as well. Ordered the kale Caesar in a wrap with the quinoa side. Both were great! The only downside was my food came out about 10 minutes after the other (hot) food did.
4	Love this place. Best juices/protein shakes and salads. I usually get the american with chicken and either a muscle malt, pina kale lada, or 32 oz power green. The only con if there if any is it takes a bit longer to get your order but its only because they are always busy so I can appreciate that. Also, best times I have found are around 3pm when its less busy or call ahead then go in line and just pick up to make it a bit faster. It's my go to spot in rotation with Chipotle.
5	Perfect place for a pre or post work out. The workers are very nice and the food is real, and organic. You can notice the difference compared to most places. Good work.
5	SUCH great food. Stopped here twice while visiting my boyfriend. We both got shrimp protein bowls and they were fantastic. Both visits we tried smoothies and they were just as good every time, with the option of adding espresso. I just want to go back to AZ so I can try everything on this menu. Chill environment and friendly workers. Very impressed and I will be back again sometime.YUM.
5	I love this place. They can get quite busy so it is best to order by phone before you get there. Then you can skip to the front of the line by going to the phone order pick up line. The Asian chicken wrap, acai bowl, and power green are awesome! Service is always great. I have only two suggestions. 1.Perhaps a second juicer so when one is being cleaned it does not cause such a long wait time? 2. When I call into order ahead the computer tells me to wait on hold, then the associate picks up and asks me to hold. Kind of redundant. I am happy to hold as long as is necessary but I am ready to order when the human picks up the phone. Minor things really. Overall a fantastic place to eat where I can be confident the food is healthy! Thank you CHOPSHOP!!
5	Their juice and protein drinks are great! Zen Bowl is by far the best breakfast item! I recommend for first times the sandwiches. Very clean, great service!
5	I got their refreshing pitaya bowl- definitely good enough for two if you feel like sharing!The pitaya was tasty, refreshing, and healthy!Definitely coming back here whenever I'm in the area again. I also got their balanced bowl with steak- it was surprisingly sweet, but still tasty.
4	Everything here looks delicious! I got the pitaya bowl. BEAUTIFUL presentation. I wish I had the option to blend protein into the pitaya though because it was just basically a smoothie in a bowl.
5	First visit. I really enjoyed my Pitaya bowl.  I plan to go back and try the many delicious items I saw my neighbors eating!
5	Amazing, I am officially addicted to the Green Glory juice and my hubby loves the   Jacked Up PB&J-great for all the protein addicts out there. Their food is fresh and delish!
4	This place is great. I coyly I'm not the only one who lives it because it's busy.  I was getting tacos and the girl there told me about this place she was craving it.  So the word is spreading.  So why did I deduct a star.  Dirty tables.  Not one table was clean.  Soda machine broken.  All the tea s empty.  The employees are sweet but very carefree.  They are yapping behind the counter having a good time while things are going Un done. Even in a counter place it would be nice if someone went around and checked on things.  Would it hurt for the manager to ask every table how the meal is?  But if you want healthy fresh tummy did.   Try this place.  I had bowl with brown rice and shrimp.  It was so good.  Grilled vegis cooked perfect.  I even likes the brown rice
2	If you're going to expand into a chain of restaurants and charge premium prices the very least you can do is find consistency first. I've eaten here probably more than 50 times now and can say it's getting worse as time goes on and I consider them less and less when I'm comparing food options in old town.They seam to have become a revolving door for young employees who must be allowed to interpret the standards for the recipes however they want because you may order the same thing two days apart and get two different tasting dishes. Hope it tightens up soon.
5	Amazing food. Clean eating. You'll run into other athletic individuals looking to eat healthy on the go. Protein bowls FTW!
3	It's come up a star because the last few times I ate here I pre-ordered on short notice and it was ready when I walked in and was consistent. It was not busy when I placed these orders. I think things operate well when they are not overwhelmed.
5	Yummy! Healthy! Staff is always helpful. Recommend the protein bowls and salads. Now a location in Chandler...my world is complete.
5	I loooove this place. Can't help but come here anytime I'm in Scottsdale. The grilled chicken protein bowl is incredibly good. Good place if you're looking for some high-protein foods. Would definitely recommend!
5	Dear ChopShop,Please come back with me to California? Your sweet potato hash is phenomenal. I understand why your lines are long. I'm coming back!!!
5	Delicious healthy foods and pressed juices.  Always busy during lunch but the wait isn't long.
5	Can I just say that I am in LOVE with this place?? I totally wish there was one of these in the Bay Area. Their protein shakes are amazing tasting, I am sure they are fifty gazillion calories, but seriously delicious! I got the pina-kale-ada and everything about it is extremely tasty. I also like that they serve sandwiches, wraps and bowls. I am excited to go back, if I can, to try out their bowls because they have brown rice and quinoa based bowls with grilled chicken, shrimp, beef, etc. Sounds delish!! I really encourage you to check this place out if you're in the area.
5	I could eat here every day & I practically do. Literally everything on the menu is so good & so healthy & everyone I bring here to try falls in love with this place. It's casual & perfect for any meal of the day. Their kale cleanse is amazing! It's pretty packed on the weekends & hard to find a table, & majority of seating is outside. But definitely worth trying if you haven't already!
4	What can I say? I have an ongoing relationship with this place that just gets better and better every time we spend it together. You can't beat how healthy the bowls are whether it's an acai breakfast bowl or a protein bowl. I suggest getting the forbidden rice and my top faves are the shrimp, tofu and beef toppings. I love that they have a serious side availability of sriracha for my Asian taste. Besides, you can wash everything down with a side of fresh lemonade with stevia. But caution, walking out of this place is a pretty penny. What is your health worth to you?The patio seating is great for people watching and there's plenty of seats as this place never seems to have a down time. I don't know what they put in their food but it always attracts the best eye candy available from your hipster to your beefcakes and hotties with the bodies. Let's face it, really makes eating here a benefit of being a gymrat.
5	This place is outstanding for lunch.The salads are all terrific.  My favorite is the BBQ Chicken.The sandwiches are excellent.  I'm already excited to return and try a Protein Bowl, not to mention the rest of their surprisingly extensive menu.Definitely worth trying ... again and again!Enjoy!
4	Date Attended: 10/20/14Item Ordered: BBQ Chicken Salad, Sweet Potato Hash, Diet Mango LemonadeService: Very cordial, answered all my questions about the menu, didn't get frustrated after switching my order twiceAtmosphere: Well organized, clean, and quietFood Quality: Very fresh tasting salad, nice sized portion, salad dressing is quite flavorful and not over powering, will ask for extra chicken next time (personal preference)Overall Experience: Already planning my next trip to the Chandler location
3	I've heard a lot of buzz about ChopShop so decided to check it out.  First off, not their fault, but parking here is horrendous.  I had to park very far away to get to the restaurant.  Then, the lines are very very long.  They do have an option to call in ahead, so if I were to come back I think I would do that instead of waiting in the Escher-style-never-ending line.  However, food choices are clean and healthy which I love.  I ordered the beet salad which was good.  Nothing stellar, but nothing offensive.  My friend loved her raw vegetable salad (she added tofu, which she raved about), so I think I would come back to try it again, but only if I could call ahead and do it take-out style instead of fighting the midday Scottsdale crowd.
4	I'm a big fan of chop shop. I love their juices (kale cleanse is the best) and I'm recently addicted to their protein bowls. It's hard to find healthier places to eat so chop shop is good to have in your back pocket. My only complaint/beef is it's sort of expensive for what it is but I worth it. You just couldn't eat here every day because you spend restaurant prices rather than take-out ones. I also love their patio (note- dogs are allowed!). It's a cute little place and considering so my businesses have come and gone in the space, I'm glad to see that this good one is probably here to stay.
5	We were all starving at work and decided to order out for pickup. I absolutely loved the food! Great taste, quality and huge portion! After reading reviews it seemed as though everyone was ordering the Protein tri tip bowl with extra meat, well we should have just kept the order how it came, extra meat was about an entire extra steak cut up. This is our new favorite spot! Cheap (15$) and amazing quality
2	This place is last resort. I work nearby and sometimes need a quick fix. The juice...always a disappointment, protein bowl, eh it's oooookaaay. The best thing about this place, it's within walking distance. I've had better.
4	This is a great place!  We got protein bowls with steak. So good!  The portions are large. We sat outside & people watched while we ate !
3	The food and juice is soooooo good! My biggest issue it's so loud if you want to chat with someone sit outside if you order in be prepared to shout your phone number and name. The service is slow everyone is nice but can be a process
5	Excellent food and service :)
5	I freaking LOVE chopshop. I live a paleo/ whole30 lifestyle and they are always willing to look up ingredients for me to make sure it's paleo friendly. Their protein bowls are to die for and big enough to make a second meal of. They have freshly brewed flavored iced teas such as blackberry, jasmine strawberry or peach and black watermelon.  They have delicious and fresh ingredients in all of their meals and their open kitchen gives it a homey warm feel. The juices are delicious my favorite is the liver cleanse. They also have fresh squeezed lemonade.  Healthy fresh ingredients that taste so good you feel like your cheating on your diet...but I assure you you aren't :)
3	Cute quick spot, with chill vibe. Service was good. Seemingly healthy but actually not. The juices had a weird foamy consistency. The sunrise wrap was not good- too much uncooked unions. The egg and veggie hash was ok too much oil. Good for dinner and lunch but wouldn't recommend for breakfast.
4	By far the best location as far as customer service, cleanliness and great food. Guess third times a charm. Will definitely be back.
4	If I'm basing this review on the menu alone, I'd give it 5 stars. Every time I walk into Original ChopShop, I am overwhelmed by lunch possibilities. My favorite meal so far is the protein bowl. I get the brown rice, tofu, and the Thai peanut sauce. I also love their assortment of iced teas, particularly the blackberry black tea. My only complaint about Original ChopShop is that service tends to be very slow, and my friend and I never seem to get our food even close to the same time, so there's always that awkward situation of waiting for your friend's food to arrive.
5	Excellent food - high quality ingredients and a simple, satisfying menu full of healthy options at reasonable prices. Good ambiance and friendly service. I'd recommended this place to anyone looking for a healthy and delicious breakfast or lunch.
5	I am freaking obsessed with ChopShop! They bring really nutritious ingredients into a delicious bowl with Asian influences at a price that isn't that much more than Chipotle! Ugh, love it! They also sell juices for a reasonable price (ie less than $6 instead of $10 I'm looking at you pressed)Also, their protein bowls come with BLACK RICE! If you haven't tried this antioxidant filled behemoth yet, run to ChopShop right now. More substantial and slightly nuttier than white rice, black rice is also slow digesting and so delicious! Black is back, betches.Also, all of their sides are amazing. The sweet potato, kale hash is wonderful, the mixed greens come with the really good dressing, and they are all under $3!I've gotten their salad before and my only qualm is that they're a little too small, protein bowls all the way!! The chicken bowl comes with cilantro, crushed peanuts, and a coconut curry sauce; people with diet restrictions rejoice bc they are super happy to customize! Protein bowls run from $7-$11.Best of all, this location in particular is super good for people watching. Come at peak hours and you'll see all the quintessential Scottsdale things we've come to know...and love? But I come here after I hike camelback so I'm not one to judge.
2	We have been there several times in the past few month and always loved it, that's why we kept coming back! Last night though, not so great! We ordered protein bowls both with brown rice and the rice was just one big clump of overcooked mush, gross.Also there were hardly any veggies and tofu, not like the other times we ordered the same dishes! That's not a great experience, but, what bothers me the most is the fact that the girl behind the counter couldn't care less about my complaints and she had the most annoying look on her face it was incredible!! She didn't try at all to make it any better, all she did was handing me a side of sauce straight from the fridge for my hot/warm dish to put on and let me know that there is usually no sauce in the dish except a little on the tofu! I am in the hospitality myself and I know that not everything can always be perfect but if its not than you have to at least try to make it right for your customers! Also, place had a ton of dirty tables and though there were like 3 people behind the counter and no other customers beside us, the tables did not get cleaned in the 30 minutes we were there ! Very disappointing
5	Everyone once in a while, you come across a place that is special and amazing.  This is one of those places.  The food is fresh and delicious and the unique flavors and ingredients just make the ChopShop stand out against similar establishments.  I visited from NY and wish we had something like this here!   I love the bowls and the juices - proof that it is possible to have healthy, flavorful and well priced food.  I also have to mention that a few members of the staff really went out of their way to be both personal and helpful in many ways and that made a huge impact on my already positive impression of this place.   I hope to be back soon!
4	I love visiting Chop Shop in general. I think it's really nice to have an option for healthier food nearby. The salads are pretty delicious, in my opinion, and most of the sandwiches are as well. I think the only one I didn't particularly care for was the veggie and hummus variety. The one I had was pretty overloaded with hummus (which I normally love), to the point of overpowering everything else on the sandwich. Other than that, I have loved everything I have tried there. Most of the staff are really friendly and accommodating as well. I can't wait to try an Acai bowl as I have heard great things about them. :) All in all, I am grateful for this place being right around the corner from me. Definitely go when it's not super busy for a first time experience, however, because the lines can be quite lengthy.
5	Love all their food and I feel healthy eating there.
5	Delicious, healthy food at a reasonable price. I haven't tried one thing that I haven't liked here. I have their acai ice dessert thingy on my list to try!
2	I usually really like ChopShop. Today was different. The cashier with the beard, slicked back hair, wood style glasses, and gauges was really rude and even a bit condescending while placing my order. Usually everyone is really nice and helpful so I didn't appreciate it at all. They were busy so it took awhile to get my order to go which was fine and understandable but when I got home they completely left out the chicken in my bowl. I'm sure it was a mistake but when your waiting that long and paying that much, I think you deserve better service.  I like the food and the niche that they've established but this is one of many times the Scottsdale location has messed up my order. I don't think that acceptable and I usually let it slide because of the great people that work there but that was not the case today. Tip1 : don't hire entitled hipster kids because they fit the status quo. Hire people who are open, friendly, and personable. That's what I've always liked when going to chopshop. Tip2 : make sure the chefs are more vigilant while preparing the food. One mistake is acceptable but to have this be an ongoing occurrence just isn't right.
4	One of my favorite places to eat healthy and less expensive. The salads are just 8-9 dollars and they are tasty and fresh!! Definitely recommend if you are a fan of salads!! The only negative point is the location, which is not very big and it's difficult to find a parking spot.
5	New to this place and I really enjoyed the protein bowl. A great way to eat healthy without sacrificing the flavor. A bit on the pricey side, but all healthy eating is. You're getting quality....try the "stevia" lemonade. Perfect for people who can't do sugar.
1	One Star!  Very upset that your removing the OOGave Fountain Soda!  We come twice a week and the OOGave is a major reason why!
