5	You know you're in a great place when it's located in the middle of retirementville and it's still hoppin' after 11pm.And I'm not the youngest one there.This place is one chic little bistro that is family owned.  The owners are the sweetest people ever, and they were more than accommodating for our party of 7.  The atmosphere of the entire place is one of joy and good humor, and mingles smoothly between contemporary and rat pack era.  And I don't mean the kind of rat pack era that makes me feel like I'm still a fetus.Ever been to a restaurant you didn't want to leave?  This is one of those places.But what's atmosphere without good food?  Dominic's doesn't disappoint.  The menu is pretty simple, but everything looks delicious!  I had the chicken parm, which was a perfectly cooked moist piece of buck-buck I've ever had.  The marinara is perfectly herbed.Most everyone else had the eggplant parm, which I tried a bit of, and found a new love.  I already know what my next meal there is going to be!I also recommend the house dressing on the salad - it tastes almost like a tomato viniagrette.  The fried ravioli were also drool-worthy.Okay so now I have to start a new paragraph just for the dessert, which was the Cassata Cake, hand made by the daughter.  The first thing you think of is, 'this is my future wedding cake'.  It was moist, and had just the perfect sweetness in the frosting without being too cloyingly sweet.  And as if it needed any improvements, the occasional chocolate chip that wandered into my mouth made it just that much better.The house band was excellent all night, and if you feel like the cake is expanding your waistline, just hop up onto the dance floor and shake your money makers.  Every 15 minutes of dancing allows you to eat another slice of Cassata Cake.  No Lie!This place is large party friendly, good for all ages, and only parties into the night on Fridays and Saturdays.  Get there early, or miss out on seating!
4	Pizza was great!!! Staff is friendly! This is a great place to check out!
2	I read the two good reviews here on Yelp, so I was looking forward to a good Italian dinner.  Unfortunately, it must have been an off night.  The waitress didn't want to be bothered and the meatballs and the tomato sauce on the spaghetti didn't have much flavor.  That's the test of a good Italian restaurant for me.  If the sauce is good, they usually get thumbs up.  This sauce wasn't "bad," but it was bland and watery.  Even the bowl of spaghetti wasn't drained properly so there was a dripping, runny mess at the bottom of the paltry bowl of pasta.  This place is right around the corner from my house and Dominic is my brother's name!  So I was really disappointed.
1	where do i start well first off we had reservations and when we showed up the hostess wanted to make sure that we were out by 8 since they had live music and i guess they weren't much of a fan at the idea of kids being there. i decided to order the spaghetti with sweet italian sausage or so i thought. the sausage was so over cooked it looked almost like slim jim beef sticks in my pasta. the wine selection was very lacking i decided to get their most expensive bottle of wine which came in at 21 dollars and tasted watered down.
2	We went to Dominic's last night for dinner. I found the food to be just ok. Nothing special. I had Chicken Marsala with a side of spaghetti. The best thing about it was the bread and side salad that came with it. The spaghetti sauce was very watery and didn't have much taste. The sauce on my chicken was also very thin - I've had Chicken Marsala before at other restaurants and the sauce was thick and flavorful. Another friend had spaghetti and found the sauce to be tasteless and thin. i wouldn't recommend this restaurant when there are so many others out there that have really good food.
4	I stopped by with my hubby and a business friend for lunch today. Very cute little place with lots of fun Sinatra memorabilia. It took about 10 minutes to get our drinks but we were sitting around talking when she came by the first time. After we got our drinks, it took another 15 minutes or so for them to get our order. Once our order was in, our food came out in just a few minutes. Server was very polite, and all the staff was talkative and friendly. Food tasted great, sandwiches were fresh and the wedge fries were hot and tasty. What a great atmosphere, and especially if you want to go for a little music entertainment in the evenings. I would recommend.
5	Quaint and lively Italian bistro! Great atmosphere and energy!!  Refreshing to see such vitality in Sun City!   Enjoy fresh baked bread,  authentic lasagna and traditional Italian cassata cake!  My personal fave is the Chicken Piccata..tender chicken topped with light fresh lemon butter and capers compliments the pasta and homemade tomato sauce.  You can then dance the night away to live entertainment Wednesday,  Fridays and Saturdays!  Friendly and welcoming locals and a great house band.
5	Best Italian food I have had in a long time. The atmosphere is great and the employees are very friendly. I had the chicken parmigiana and was it was delicious and had great flavors. Also my favorite part was the cannoli that I had for dessert!!! Excellent food and service and hot and fresh food comes out.
5	Went to dinner last Sunday and it is The Best Italian Food in town hands down! One of the few places that every dish from the fresh baked bread to the main entree has flavor. I had Chicken Parmesan, other family members had Lasagna and NO ONE left hungry or disappointed.
5	Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant! The lunch menu is priced not to break the bank and the food is fantastic, the High-Standards music they play and all the "Rat Pack" era memoribilia is great.If you like home styled Mom & Pop italian food look no further.
4	I had the pleasure of being introduced to this place this past Saturday. The food was good, the service was very good, and the music was fun. The decor was dated, but, if you're like me (who will take good food and service over ritz any day) this was a great place. The menu is simple, but between the five in our party, everything was great. The service was given with a smile and the sangria was good. I liked that the entrees were offered at lunch 'size'. The music kicked in and the dance floor was hopping. The live music was from two fellas, a keyboard and bongos. However that may sound, it was fabulous. Great voices. Musically skilled. It is in the heart of Sun City, so if you're afraid that age is catching or if you're looking for the price tag of your outfit to be noticed, this is not the place for you. However, if you're looking for friendly company, good food, and a fun time, go. Maybe I'll see you there, because I'll be going back!
3	I had an individual Pan Pizza and it was very good.  Next time I forgot to say "pan" and found the flat pizza to be hard and sub par.  Service varies from good to fair.  Atmosphere is Italian, with lots of Rat Pack pictures all over the walls.  It says they take reservations, but I heard someone say to the hostess that they had been told that they did not take reservations.  So, I guess a reservation is a maybe yes and maybe no, depending on the day.  All in all, it was a good restaurant.  Worth a try.For the reviewer who found the crowd to be older, well, this is in Sun City.
5	love the food and entertainment..nice to have a place in sun city here you can dance and relax. i have met a lot of nice people there. great staff!!!!
5	I would like to start off by saying OMG "The Bread" it's hands down the best warm crusty Italian bread I have ever had! I felt like I was jetted back in time with theRat Pack style decor and music. Which is a good thing. When did people stop dancing and smiling and having fun? Well not at Dominics. Everyone if they were not dancing were obviously enjoying the music. Oops did I forget to say Live music. The service was amazing and friendly. We never had to ask for anything. And being married to an Italian for 30 years we both give the food a very strong thumbs up. Go and support this locally  family owned and operated Sun City business and tell them Susan sent ya! We will be regulars. After 10 years in Arizona we have found our place for Italian. Oh and lets not forget the Cassada cake. Moist and delicious. The perfect end to a perfect meal and perfect evening!
5	What an incredibly vibrant and fun place. Went on a Friday night and everything about this place screams a great time. A band who actually sang in Italian, patrons who danced, homemade food and great decor. I had the stuffed manicotti which was so good i just kept eating even after I was full. For dessert we had the pumpkin cannoli which melted in our mouths. The service was perfect. We will definitely be making more visits here.
5	This place is fantastic! We were going to get our food to eat, but for some reason we stayed and ate there instead. The atmosphere is alright, kind of weird but pretty cool at the same time. As usual, as a creature of habit, I got the Fettuccine Alfredo and it was great! When I say great, I mean it! It was creamy, delicious, yummy, goodness! The bread was delicious too, I could have eaten a whole loaf. We met the owner and maybe his daughter (?) and he was such a nice guy, he was friendly and really great to talk to. He was so welcoming and he was honestly happy to talk to us and we just chatted about Denver and about our vacation. We ended up getting a couple of desserts too, and the Cassata cake was pretty freaking amazing. If you are looking for a place to go, eat here! I can't wait to come back to AZ just to eat here!
4	This was the last night of my six day birthday celebration!  I could not have been more happy to spend an evening here with such good friends!  We couldn't have asked for a better venue and the food was soooo good!  Two of my four dining companians had the sausage and peppers and both of them raved about it.  They both like some heat so I assume there was heat for the taking.The other two of us  of ordered Chicken Marsala and Chicken Piccata.  I know we both scraped our plates clean!!  Plus the bread is so good!The wait staff was really good too.  And they took about 8 pictures of us to get one that we all looked good in.  The music started at about 8:15  That's when the great people watching starts, which I love.   What can I say?  The food us really 4 stars.- the waitstaff it incredible and  if you dance or not - it's fun to stay for the dance-floor show!!
3	The best part about this place was the price.  The lunch deal is a good deal but it's not the highest of quality.  I think it is strange that they only give you a tiny cup of ketchup and mustard when you need the bottle.  I would probably return simply because of the price of the food but they could definitely improve the quality of their lettuce and flavors.  The lettuce was limp and the hamburger was bland and could use some seasonings. The service wasn't great as I was in a small group of three during lunch but it was difficult trying to get the attention of the waitresses even though there was only one other table in the entire restaurant.I liked the look of the restaurant but I think they could really improve their business if they just improved the quality of the ingredients and flavors.
1	Went to this place by myself. about 7:30 on a Wednesday night. Stood at the lectern that says "wait to be seated" for about 10 minutes. No help whatsoever, even the owner walked by without acknowledging me. Finally took a seat at the bar and asked another patron what the deal was to get seated. He said that the lady that does that has the night off. Okay. I finally got the bartenders attention and asked for a table. She was of no use so I just ordered carry out from the bar. I had the chicken marsala and it was horrible right down to the canned mushrooms on it. Could have used an axe to cut the chicken it was so tough. Needless to say I have had way, way better chicken marsala.Not one of my better restaurant experiences.
