5	This is where I bought my Trek Mountain 4300 WSD Bike a few days ago for $399.99.  Shop owners/operators where very helpful and very knowledgable of their products.  They let me test ride in the parking lot outside the store the bicycle I was interested on.  Shop sells a good number of Trek bikes and one another brand with good price range for kids, women, and men, as well as bicycle equipment and accessories and cycling gear and apparel.
5	I purchased a Trek Madone from Phil and Deya and cannot say enough good about the entire process and help they gave me at the time of the purchase and on every visit to the store since. These people are true professionals who take the time to make sure that whatever you purchase is right for you and that you are going to be happy with your purchase.This is what real service is about. I was so impressed that I have now purchased 3 more bikes for family members.
1	Spoke to a nice lady on the phone. Drove halfway across town to purchase a bike. When I got there, the lady wasnt there, instead it was her husband.  She was going to give me 10% off, but the husband would only honor that if I was military or ex-military...a complete waste of my time!  Owner was rude! I would recommend staying away from this place...I just noticed that bikeshops.mtbr.com has similar reviews of this place going back to 2008...those reviews are dead on!
5	This is an awesome shop! I spent time with the owner and he was very informative but never pushy. Truly a great educational experience. As I was in the store several customer came through and all of them couldn't praise the professionalism, expertise and integrity of this shop enough. However this was already evident from the conversation I was having but it was nice to have it reaffirmed. They carry a high quality line of product and take great pride in what they assemble, maintain and sell. As a side note when I spoke of looking for a bike shop at a civic luncheon the gentleman I was seated with immediately told me I needed to go to Peloton's...and I quote "Best shop in the valley for getting a bike and the owner really knows his business." I had to share with him that I had already found this shop and I couldn't agree more.I probably won't buy my bike here as I am not an enthusiast and just a casual rider so I am price sensitive. But I will bring my bike to his shop for service as I am convinced in the pride he takes in caring for bike maintenance
5	I purchased my Trek 7.2 FX from Peloton Sports almost a year ago and couldn't be happier with their service! The family who runs the business is really wonderful and knowledgeable, and were very helpful in explaining the ins and outs of the bike to me. I've been back for a couple minor repairs, both of which they did for free!
1	Piss poor customer service, incorrect information and attitude I cannot even begin to fathom in a customer service industry. 0 stars if I could.
5	These folks go the extra mile with service. Even new bikes seem to get rebuilt before they are put on the floor for sale, a sure of caring for their products. I've taken old bikes in to be rebuilt and they come out looking new. Great service!
5	Great service. Brought my bike in as it was making creaking noises. I thought it might be dying. Nope. Quick service and all those noises have gone away. Thanks Phil!
5	I have been to several bike shop in Las Vegas and in California. Peloton Sports is #1 in my book. As a women cyclist it is hard to find a shop with another women cyclist to help with our needs. Deaya is fantastic. She relates and is very knowledgable with everything from the bike to clothes. When i was in the market for a new bike I visited a couple shops that I've been to before searching for the perfect bike. I'll admit I am not the easiest customer to deal with but Peloton was always willing to answer all my questions when I purchased my bike from them. Also they did not try to push what ever inventory they already had like another shop did. They were patient and helped me find the perfect bike for me. Phil and Deaya are running an honest and legit bike shop with years of experience.
5	I bought a Costco bike & assembled it myself, but I found out that in the 20 since i'd last bought & ridden a bike the technology had changed more than a bit. I felt uncomfortable bringing it to a shop not having bought it there. The first place I went wanted $79 to make it ride worthy. I then tried Peloton. Phil was very friendly & knowledgable & said that it was a fairly good beginners bike that he could get in good shape for only $50. When I picked it up the next day Phil was busy with another customer, but when I wheeled the bike out to my car, he came running out, showed me how things worked & asked if I had any questions and/or needed help getting it into the SUV. Very pleased!
5	Great service!Went in for some brakes and the guy told me I could get them cheaper elsewhere.  Sorry Mr. Helpful Bikeshop Owner, but you're getting my business whether you like it or not! ;)
5	I was looking for the perfect vintage looking beach cruiser bike. It was very difficult to find something without having to assemble it myself. It was so hard for me to find the perfect bike for that but when I came across nearby stores around my area, this store was one of them on my search. I went to a couple of stores and this store was my last on my list. I'm sure glad I came inside because long and behold, there was my bike! The Electra Townie bike that is off white color with a brown seat and handlebars! They were so helpful with what I wanted to do with my bike! I wanted the bike rack, a bell, a basket to have my dog in there, a basket liner and a cup holder installed on my new bike. I got some of these things ordered for me and once it arrived, they installed it for me. I've been riding my bike everyday since I got it! I love my new bike and so does my dogs!
