4	My hubby works out on the west side so he will occasionally drag the whole family to some resturaunt he has decided is well worth the trek. Rita's is one of our go to's for completely authentic Mexican.  Rita herself is a classy business saavy gal from south of the border who knows her stuff and is a sweetheart to her patrons.  The food is muy muy bien.  Si es possible, triega una persona que habla espanol.   Or you can just point to the number on the menu.  Up to you.
4	Grabbed lunch there today - not near my normal stomping ground but it looked like a decent place so I took a chance.  Inside, clean and bright and a mix of biz people at lunch, local workers, some families.  Server was prompt, nice and spoke English fluently.  They brought out chips & salsa and the salsa was fantastic... fresh, home-made and had a nice kick.I chose a $6.95 combo plate - taco, bean tostada and enchilada.  5 minutes after ordering it was served up.  What immediately stood out was everything was simple and light.  The taco wasn't greasy - just some tasty meat, lettuce and white cheese.  The tostada was similar - just a simple base with some really nice refried beans (def not from a can) and crispy lettuce/tomato and white cheese.  The enchilada was good as well.  I prefer  New Mexico style enchiladas, with a really hot sauce, so i rarely order them outside of NM because they are usually bland.  This had a red sauce that wasn't hot, but was definitely homemade and flavorful. Overall it was pretty straightforward, simple, yet flavorful fare and seemed a lot less heavy/greasy than typical places.  And I'm often fine with greasy, though the beltline would disagree.  I'd defintely frequent the place if it was near, though it's not so special to merit an out-of-the-way trip.  It's a place where they care about making good grub and that shows.  If you're near or going to be in the area, it's worth exploring.
4	Very good Mexican food. The server was friendly but seemed overworked. The chips and salsa was excellent. I ordered the machaca chimi and it was very good. Did not come with rice and beans but was enough food itself. I would recommend this to people who want more than chain Mexican food.
4	Best red and green chili burros in town! Friendly service and authentic food. Check it out!also, to get a 2 dollar plate of fried ice cream with flan and a deep fried shell is awesome, can't think of a better desert for the cost in the valley!
5	Great value for a sit down place. Food was good. Getting into the parking lot was a little tight, but manageable.
4	This place is the best thing going on in this area.  In a neighborhood known more for warehouses than restaurants I was pleasantly surprised by how good Rita's is.  Great salsa - and definitely above average food!  Great rice, tasty beans, and the shrimp flautas were awesome!   I've also had the huevos and chorizo there which were spot on delicious!  Friendly staff and clean dining area.
5	Best Mexican food I have found in years. Salsa and chips are excellent. I go at least once a week. Great carnitas, carne asada.
4	You love a good green chile dish, especially Hatch chiles. You also have no particular regard for your bumhole, evidenced by your routine attempts to set it ablaze the next day with your pepper infused crap. Well have I got good news for you. Rita's Mexican Food.Rita's offers one of the finest green chile dishes I've ever experienced, transcending most Mexican food joints by miles.On my last visit, I tried bowl of green chile stew. It was hot. No, wait, let me rephrase that...       It was FUCKING HOT.It was so hot, it sent me into a sneezing session the scientists at Claritin would have marveled at. Then I started crying. Like a little bitch and, I got all snotted-up too. But god, was it ever good. The service...not so much. In fact, the service wasn't anything to write home about. Not that you would anyway, even if it was good. Making me wonder why people invoke that stupid cliche anyway?I doubt seriously I'd ever leave a restaurant, go home, whip out my laptop and write my folks about how wonderful my lunch service was. But if I did, this is how it would go:Dear Mom and Dad.The place where I ate lunch today had such good service, I thought I had better write to tell you about it. Because that's what people do right? They get good service and write home. Unlike when you get bad service, and simply fail to write about it. This is why I'm writing home.I got good service and just thought you both should know all about it. But this seems like service hypocrisy in a sense, which is why I'll probably start writing you when I get bad service as well, despite its lack of anything to write home about. Anyways, that's it for now. Expect more emails. I eat out often. Your loving son, Diego
4	Rita's offers some great menu choices. Menudo is not one of them. But seeing how most people detest the thought of eating cooked bovine stomach, I can't see how this qualifies as any sort of problem.Oh, they don't serve Coke products either. Being a south Phoenix native and a menudo aficionado, I'm uniquely qualified to discern good menudo from bad menudo. This is definitely a bad recipe. The broth has too much of a tomato base and tastes weird.The tripe is overcooked and flubbery. Overall, it's pretty disgusting.So if you're having a weird day, with a penchant for menudo and a caffeine free diet Coke, forget it. Instead, have an ice cold Pepsi and a green chili burrito. Try their chips and salsa too.Four stars for the server's gigantic hangers. Overall, Rita's is a good restaurant but their menudo does suck balls.
4	Been going here since the 80's always good.. this place has always been a treat.!One thing that hasn't changed "thank god" is the salsa
4	Yum, I definitely recommend the Taritos, which at this place are green peppers stuffed with shrimp and wrapped in bacon - amazing. The carne asada was nice as well, but the service is a bit slow. Very authentic.
1	I love the food here and frequent Rita's for lunch. Eight of us went to happy hour and much to my surprise completely different from lunch. with 2 tables occupied we sat down and waited for our server. she came over after about 20 minutes, we ordered drinks and then we waited for an hour, we then asked where our drinks were and we found out that no one on staff was old enough to serve alcohol. just a kid and what looked like her boy friend were so called working. Terrible experience and i will never go back for dinner/happy hour. This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Phoenix, I was shocked with the terrible experience. The management must change their evening operations.
4	Awesome, Awesome, Awesome! WE picked up a Groupon and decided to check this place out. I'm all for a new Mexican restaurant and Rita's did NOT disappoint! It's right off the I-10 at 35th ave, super easy to get to. We started with the table side Guacamole, which was perfect! two HUGE avocados and super fresh chips. The house salsa was also perfect! The next dish we got was the seafood cocktail de molcatejes (sp?) Talk about a humongoid bowl of awesomeness! (See the pic I posted). it was full of shrimp, octopus, scallops and fresh veggies ($20). I went with this mixed grill Plate, that had pork, beef and chicken with griled veggies and peppers! Thsi thing came out still sizzling on a huge platter! Talk about wow factor! Tehy have a seafood version for a few bucks more, definitely a killer dish. All in all, the food  was fantastic, the service was awesome and we'll for sure be back!
4	Such a great meal! We bought a groupon and went on the same day. Being the foodies we are, we bought the Groupon for $50 worth of food and ordered up a ton of it. For apps, we had the guacamole and seafood cocktail (be warned, there was raw shrimp and scallops, mixed in with the cooked seafood) for $18.50. It had a lot of seafood: shrimp, scallops, and octopus. They did not skimp on the tableside  guacamole either. So good. For dinner, I had the bacon wrapped shrimp with rice and salad on the side. I didn't eat the salad, but the shrimp and rice were delicious. My husband got a mixed grill plate he thoroughly enjoyed. Total bill for two dinners, soda, and apps, was $55 and we had a substantial amount of leftovers. Service was attentive and friendly. I would definitely come back!
5	Outstanding food and sublime service! This is a hidden gem in Phoenix and Aaron the manager personally engages each patron to ensure a beyond the wow customer experience. Don't let locale fool you, it is definitely a must for food lovers.  We now have a new favorite which we will enjoy for years to come!m
5	A friend and I used a groupon today for a spur of the moment dinner.  We were very pleased with the choices on the menu.  I had the seafood platter.  My friend enjoyed a green chile burrito, enchilada style.  Excellent choices.  We had too much food after enjoying the $5 happy hour margaritas and the excellent chips and salsa.  That's ok...I love to have the leftovers for lunch the next day.  Hats off to Aaron the manager.  He took great care to give us a great experience along with our meal.
5	Posole is authentic and delicious. Margaritas by aaron are fantastic. Bacon wrapped peppers with shrimp are to die for. This place is worth driving to no matter the distance.
5	So, the lady and I were in search of some Saturday night food and couldn't decide on what.  I had the brilliant idea to get on Groupon and was stuck in between two choices:  Rita's and another unnamed Phoenix establishment that we had already been to that is always solid never great.  Well, what the hell, let's give Rita's a shot.Nice and conveniently located on 35th and the I-10, we find a spot and get in.  Order a few margaritas and they were great.  I'm not the world's biggest fan of the marg but Aaron knows how to hook it up.  Next, we ordered the table side Guac, I got the Playa Bonita, the lady got the Seafood enchiladas.  Everything was OUTSTANDING.  I tried her enchiladas and they were dynamite and I had about 4 different kinds of fish that were all cooked perfectly.Service was outstanding, food was fantastic, there was absolutely no reason this place wasn't jam packed on a Saturday night.  I suggest you go support a local business that does things right.  I love Pappadeaux as much as the next guy and can say that Rita's stands just as tall next to them in service and food quality.   You won't get the white tablecloth but you will have an extra $50 in your pocket when you leave and be just as satisfied.
5	The food at Rita's is fantastic, the prices are very reasonable, the interior is handsomely designed, and the people who work there are always friendly.  My overall impression is that there is a deep commitment to excellence from the kitchen to the table. The shrimp wrapped in bacon is awesome! I drive in to Phoenix from out of town, have been there more than once, have brought guests, and look forward to the next time I visit.
5	Groupon took us to this restaurant today, we arrived at about 3pm and the restaurant was slow.  Aaron was our waiter and led us to wonderful selections on the menu.  We would rate Rita's salsa pretty close to the best salsa we have ever had!  Aaron was also our bartender and he mixed us up two fabulous margaritas.  We had Parrillada del Rancho for Two for lunch/dinner - the price was very reasonable for the amount of food that was delivered!  The platter had freshly seasoned carne asada, grilled chicken breast and pork chop accompanied by grilled vegetables, served with rice, beans, pico and fresh tortilla's.  No way could we eat it all and we definitely left with full tummy's and a nice to go box!  Plus, we felt this was possibly the best Mexican food we have had in the eight years we have been visiting various Mexican food establishments here in Phoenix.  Bravo Rita's!!  We will be back and we will recommend you to our friends and family.
5	As their sign says: Autentica Comida Mexicana. The food, the vibe, the service - all excellent. My friend and fellow yelper John M. and I had quite a feast here. Acting on advice from the reviews I read here, I ordered the seafood enchilada - it was pure ambrosia, loaded with juicy shrimp and fish cooked just right. John had the garlic shrimp and let me try some of it; the shrimp was succulent and the garlic flavor intense - I loved it! Caveat: I'm a very big fan of garlic and am one of those people who believe that you can never have too much garlic in a dish, so some of you might find the flavor on the aggressive side if you order it. But I know it's what I'll be ordering next time ;)   The generous and tasty house margaritas were a perfect complement to the delightful repast..
5	Second time to Rita's.  The best Mexican food in the valley.  Great mix of real Mexican style recipes (the seafood) sonoran/southwest style favorites, and even fajitas (which I haven't had yet but given lack of good fajitas in az I bet these will be great.   The Chile rellenos I had today was the best I have ever had.
5	My first time at Rita was memorable.  From the food to the service everything was top notch. Aaron who is the bartender/manager/host is friendly and funny. The toritos are an amazing appetizer.  Aaron even offered to buy them for us if we did not like them. They are yellow peppers stuffed with shrimp and then wrapped in bacon. My main course was the carne asada with a cheese enchilada. The meal came with rice, beans and a salad. My father had the shredded beef chimichunga. The rice and beans were not included with the chimichunga.  The rice is fluffy and flavorful.  The beef in the chimichunga was sweet but had great flavor. The service was very fast. Drinks were refilled very fast. Aaron is a great host and makes you feel like family.  We will be going back and will tell our friends about this amazing place.
5	First time here. I have passed this restaurant for years now and I have never ate here. I decides to try it last year after buying a groupon. My groupon expires today just in time before my brothers birthday. Now I have to say it is a nice little cozy place nestled on a corner close to the freeway. Parking is limited. There is a line of spaces in the back of building maybe holds a good to 12 cars against a 3 ft brick wall right by the alley. Don't let the location chase you away.  The building itself is cute lined with arched beautiful windows. When you walk in you can seat yourself someone will come to you and take your order.  The inside is nicely decorated with typical Mexican decor Pancho Villa pictures and all. Not overly done but tastefully done. You will be served fresh hot chips with mmm mmm salsa. I bit spicy maybe for the weak but still full of flavor. We had an excellent waitress and she made sure our basket and salsa was always full along with our drinks. Water is not tap lol so that was nice I was a bit thirsty so didn't mind the refills. We ordered the platter with seafood for 2 you get a salad Mexican potatoes and rice. The platter was abundant with several tasty items sea bass grilled and breaded. Shrimp grilled AND lightly breaded and bacon wrapped and to top off a lobster tail. It truly was alot we definitely could not finish. If you ever are in the area and would like some authentic Mexican dishes stop by Rita's.  The menu will not disappoint anyone there is something for everyone.
5	OMG! I found this place on groupon! What a great find. Ordered a dozen oysters, half plain for the hubby and the other half where fully loaded for me. What can I say I'm a foodie its what we do. They had lemon cooked shrimp and fish with diced avocado, jalapeno and purple onions on top of these fresh bad boys. Let me tell you I stepped into heaven with the 1st taste. BOMB! Flavor! Flavor! Flavor! I have been to some places where the oyster had no taste like they where frozen, gross. But not here! Tasted fresh off the doc. The hubby also ordered a small shrimp cocktail that was loaded with shrimp, I managed to steal a bite and it was pretty tasty! The small was not even small it was a good portion. For the main course the hubby had 2 shrimp tacos with rice and beans that he loved. I had the sea food enchiladas. I'm such and enchilada'er and the sound of that freaked me out. But I love to step out with my taste buds. And I must say I wasn't let down one bit. They where stuffed with fish, shrimp and possibly a bit of crab. They melted in my mouth with the cooked chilies on top and get this, pieces of bacon!! BACON!! Hurt me! Nom! Service was great, super fast. One thing after the other came to our table like clock work. Drinks, bam oysters, bam cocktail, main course, boom! This place is a must try. I grow up near Monterey bay Ca. I know my sea food and I know it well. This is the best your gonna get in the Az desert. 2 snaps up and a twirl!
4	At first I was a little concerned about the location. But the restaurant was very clean both in & out, had a fun atmosphere & was a gem of a find through Groupon The table side guac is super delicious.  And Aaron makes a helluva margarita. The service was outstanding & extremely personable at all levels.
5	Traveling cross country we were in search of a Mexican restaurant close to highway 10. Rita's popped up. Salsa was fresh and spicy. The chips were crisp. The carne asada and fish enchiladas were perfect. Our server Yuriria  was quick and extremely pleasant.
5	First visit ever, due to a Groupon deal. Was not disappointed. Great food, love the ambiance, great service by the waitresses. They checked back often, and if I wanted more chips and salsa. I had shrimp ceviche, seven seas soup, and heuvos con chorizo. It was all delicious! Prices were reasonable and serving sizes generous.  Wooden booths, wooden tables and chairs, Spanish music, quick service, sufficient parking. Coming off the I-10, you have to go north then find a turn around point. The atmosphere was nice. Some old objects on walls for ambiance. Plenty of seating. No wait on Saturday. It looks deceiving on the outside, I wasn't sure they were open, but I was there around 6pm. I'll be returning for sure. Thanks for a great first experience everyone there!
2	I don't understand the great reviews! Aaron was a friendly guy, but only felt a slight buzz after two margaritas! Normally, I can't finish two! Ordered the toritos appetizer and the shrimp were very small and not very flavorful! The pepper was HOT! And it seems like it was swimming in soy sauce! Chips and salsa were ok, salsa was a little fiery. I ordered Chili Colorado, which on the menu came with a choice of red or green sauce. I ordered it with green sauce but Aaron said it came with red sauce. "It's chili colorado which is red sauce." I asked him why it says with red or green sauce on the menu. I love chili verde but never had it with beef. I stuck with the red sauce. The sauce was good but the beef was chewy and a little tough. The dish was quite salty and I happen to love salt, but it wasn't a good salty. The beans literally tasted like LARD! The rice was ok. My friend ordered carnitas which was supposed to be slow slimmered in sauce. Wish I would have taken a picture of it - pieces of burnt pork with no sauce whatsoever! He normally likes burnt meat, but the only edible pieces were the ones with fat! I give this place a two because the other two people in my party liked their food. I get better Mexican food back home in Las Vegas. For some reason we thought we'd be getting awesome Mexican food in Phoenix!
5	There is too much to say but I am so full I have to take a nap this place was great service cute sweet waitresses food was plentiful servings are large u get more than what u pay for on quality and quantity I'm a truck driver so I see a lot of restaurants and I have had 1 other restaurant that was this good and it was on the border of Texas and I could walk behind the restaurant and be in Mexico and this has to be my number 2 spot. My final words are DO NOT PASS THIS PLACE UP TRY IT EAT AND U WILL LOVE IT
5	I come in from Orange County every 5-6 weeks on business and stay for a few days. I make sure to eat here every time I come into town. Food is awesome and staff is very friendly. Love the carnitas plate!
5	Outstanding fajitas!!! Probably best I've ever had! Homemade tortillas are delicious. This place packs them in!  It's very popular. Friendly good service too.
5	Ritas never fails to deliver a great Mexican meal at good prices.  Tried the chicken chimy really good as is all the other items I have had. Aaron is gr a at server bar tr nder
4	Right when we walked in the door we were greeted and seated with a smile. Luckily for us we came in during happy hour. The $3 beers and $5 margaritas were huge and delicious. The food was wonderful and reasonably priced. After our meal the manager came over and asked us how everything was. Talk about service! We will definitely come back!
5	Having lived in Texas for 20 years, and AZ for 10, I have eaten in a lot of Mexican Food Restaurants. My wife and I went to Rita's tonight and I can honestly say that this is the best Mexican Food place I have eaten in in a very very long time.The Food was excellent (Rocky Point style), the Service was really really good. The salsa is to die for. I ate more chips and salsa than I should have, but it was so so good. I learned that the woman who makes this salsa, has not shared the recipe with ANYONE. It is that good.First things first, we were greeted with what I thought was your basic typical red salsa and chips. Wrong! The chips were typical but the red salsa was definitely not! Things were great so far. But things got a lot better.Then we had the Toritos Appetizer: Yellow peppers stuffed with shrimp and wrapped in bacon with a really tasty sauce. Oh my, what amazing taste!My wife had a beautiful dish named Parrillada del Rancho. The food tasted great, but it came in a Tericotta serving dish. I have never ever seen anything like it before. It added something to the meal that is beyond belief.I usually come to a mexican restaurant with my pre-conceived notion of what I like. Well I like what I like, and have for a long time. But tonight I decided to get something a little different - I got the Camarones cobijados (Shrimp in a Blanket). Strimp stuffed with crab meat and wrapped in bacon. Yes, as Emeril says pork fat rules. I love bacon. This was really a good call on my part. It was great.Our waitress was very helpful, she was prompt, she refilled my water glass several times without my asking. Just a great evening. And the best part? I only live about 20 minutes away, and I didn't even know this place existed. Well I do NOW.All in all, I would give this place 6 stars out of 5.We will definitely be back.
5	Went here because it was recommended by 2 co-workers and we also had a Groupon. We will be back, the food was amazing, the service was excellent, not very busy and service was fast. We will be going back, prices were reasonable even if we didn't have the Groupon.
1	Check your takeout order b/f you leave the parking lot. I ordered a shrimp enchilada platter & they forgot the rice & beans. The enchiladas were good but ruined by too much cheddar which overpowered the enchiladas.
1	Stopped n sat. afternoon - what a mistake this place was!!  It had to b the slowest most unfriendly  place I have ever bn too n a very long time....  Asked  our server , Betsy 4 more salsa and it literally took 17min. b4 she came back w/it . The other genius that was serving also looked @ us 3 times and said b rite w/u, NEVER came back !! They each had 2 tables and u wuld have thought they had a line out the door- they were both overwhelmed beyond my comprehension, never cn anything like it b4!!  I took one bite of my DRY chicken ench. & spit it out n a napkin, NEVER did she ask was their a problem w/ur food ....  I have bn a  bartender 14yrs. and in the food industry for 28yrs. , it's bn 3.5hrs since we were n there and i'm still baffled on this horrible, rude service .... Don't know how they keep there jobs w/their poor attitudes....  NEWS FLASH -  Ur customers pay ur bills !!!!  I DID NOT want to leave her a tip but decided i wuld leave a dollar so mayb she wuld think twice and smile @ the next table, she didn't !!!!  I wuld have left a 50% tip had my experience bn different....  You NEVER know what ur customer does for a living so watch how u treat people....  NEVER GOING BACK !!!!
5	Great Mexican food and excellent service! The food and the Margaritas are to die for! Try it, it is worth it.Ever, Erin and Paulina always make you feel welcome.
5	The food & service was good. We had Aaron  he was awesome :) I recommend you try the toritos
3	Update: the owner did write to me saying they will work on getting their takeout orders correct. I appreciate a business willing to improve.
5	My wife and I had the owner (I believe) and he was very warm and made us feel welcome.  He recommeded the stuffed peppers with shrimp , wrapped in bacon and it was delicious!  He was genuinely excited about his food/service and it shows.   I doubt I will be back because of the very long distance from my house but I'd love for him to have a restaurant in California!  I would highly recommend!
4	Really good.  It was sold to new ownership, and the tradition lives, with even better food.  Try the Rellenos.  Theirs are goos.
4	Might not be best area but the food and drinks were great. Friendly staff! If you go save room for fried ice cream. Delicious. Definitely going back.
5	We found Rita's via yelp while trying to meet friends passing through Phoenix heading West on I-10 from I-17. We are from Ahwatukee and it was 100% worth the drive! The staff was wonderful, polite and efficient.  The food was amazing! So much flavor and the portions were just right. We plan to visit Rita's again, despite the drive we will find time to go.
4	The wife and I went to Ritas a couple of months ago and let me tell you its gooood. Will come back for sure. O and thanks to Erin that made our time there awesome.
4	Great atmosphere, food and staff hidden in South Phoenix.  When friends come to visit this is the restaurant they all want to stop at.
5	This is one of those hidden gems that you'll want to take out-of-town guests to. It's located just off of the I-10, next to a tire shop, but when you step inside, you're transported to your favorite restaurant in Rocky Point. They have an extensive menu of REALLY good food and they'll let you order off the breakfast menu all day.   :)This is my new favorite Mexican food restaurant!
5	Good margarita's, good ceviche, and an awesome server; Aaron. Would come back for another visit:)
3	I was expecting better service and food based on all the reviews. Our server mostly ignored us and the food was good but didn't wow us. Their portions are huge so bring your appetite!
4	This place was great.  Their seafood enchiladas were amazing! And that pomegranate margarita was great. Aaron was our waiter. He didn't want me to use my Groupon at first.  Yea right! I found this place driving and found a deal. Now i have to find a place in LA for a replica of those enchiladas!
5	We bought a Groupon and my husband went there for a lunch date and were told the groupons were only good after 3 but they made an exception anyways, the food was wonderful, huge portions and great staff
1	Went to ths place after getting a groupon and looked like a good deal .  Atmosphere was nice, located in a rundown area. Food was ok, but there popular steak meat platter is full of dried out, overcooked steak, salsa was good and chips were average.A big turnoff for me was the waiter trying to upsell everything and trying to get us to buy the most expensive dish. To me it felt like a used car salesmen but it came across fake rather then friendly.My biggest complaint is we had a groupon for $30 and he would only let us use 27 of it!The total bill was 33.96 , but he didn't like us using groupon so made upAn excuse for not taking it all. Overall, fair food, poor service, much better options out there.
5	This place has some of the best food I've had in a while.  Get the Chile Colorado or Carne Asada- seriously delish!  I can't wait to try the seafood next time.
5	The $5 margaritas the size of my head was excellent. The table side guacamole was fresh and tasty. Food is incredible!!! Tacos, crispy, fresh, good flavor. Loved it. Server was kind, friendly, personable. Great find!
5	Amazing enchiladas! Fantastic atmosphere with great music and our waitress, Eva, was hilarious! The margaritas were SO GOOD. I would highly recommend eating here!
4	Not a big fan of Mexican food. But since I'm here in Phoenix I gotta try it. The food was very good. The server was friendly. Would definitely recommend this place. Big portion though.
4	Whenever we're in the area (which is infrequently), we come to Rita's. The chips and salsa are great - though a little too spicy for my gringo husband.I have enjoyed both entrees I've purchased (the carne adobada and the combo with the beef tamale, shrimp taco and chicken enchilada). My husband got a little more adventurous (and expensive) and got the Azteca and didn't care for it.Also have to disagree with other Yelpers on the Toritos. They aren't extremely tasty with the exception of the sauce - and we took the extra sauce home because there was way too much of it and we used it as steak sauce. I wish they would bottle it and sell it separately!Margaritas are also tasty, but not extremely strong. Go and support your local AZ businesspeople. To me, it's better than Valle Luna and many other self-proclaimed "authentic" joints.
4	First time here at Ritas, and I can't say enough positive things about it!! Our server was Eva and she was AMAZING super friendly and knew alot about the menu which was helpful for our first visit. Food was very good, the service was fast and the pricing was decent. If i did have to pick one down side it would be the outside curb appeal. It shares a plaza with an auto shop and looks kinda run down, but once you get inside its very clean, welcoming and decorated nicely! Totally worth it. We definitely will be back soon!!
5	Boy am I happy I tried this place.Let's go chronologically. Love the surroundings, definitely has a cozy feel inside. The service was great, absolutely loved our waitress. The margaritas(one house, one frozen sunset) were awesome. I almost never drink them or like them, but I managed to enjoy this one, that says something. The salsa was delicious with a great kick to it. I had the adobada while my buddy had the tampiquena. Both dishes were fantastic, the rice and beans were phenomenal. Loved every bit of it. Nothing was too greasy, everything very nice and hot and came out quick. For dessert we had flan and sopapillas, both some of the best I've ever had. I can't recommend this place enough. GO GO GO.
5	Manager is pretty GREAT! And Eva bartender pretty great too! First time stop because I was thirsty for margarita . They served well! Enjoyed time there!!!! I will be back for Molcajette !!!!!!
1	Sorry yelpers this was awful!Cheese crisp was made with an old tortilla.  Like eating thick paper.  Sick.  Cheese was barely melted.  We ordered a three combo plate 2 tacos and a cheese enchilada.  Plate was not even hot.  Cheese not melted in the enchilada and the tacos were on these weird shells. So disappointing and a whopping 35$ with tip.We were expecting 5 star food from all the reviews......only thing we can imagine is they have never had really good authentic Mexican food.  Big big let down.Never again.Sick sick sick.
