5	My 5 year old twins' very first dentist's visit today. It was awesome! They were still finishing up the new office decorations etc. (they just relocated) so kids didn't get to enjoy the fun "spaceship" experience in the waiting area today but it's going to be a cool place for the little ones. The office staff, hygienist, and Dr. Bienstock were all super nice. They gave us some great tips and suggestions for their dental care, possible future treatments and etc. etc.My kids had their exams, x-rays and cleaning done so smoothly & easily. Each of them got their "goodies" in a bag, a balloon, and a token for the toy machine inside the office.Great dentist's office for any kids. Highly recommended.
5	I first met Dr. Bienstock & staff when my 18 mo. daughter chipped a tooth.  The staff was super accommodating and got us in right away.  At check in, staff was friendly, helpful and overall just plain nice.  The office (1st location) was a really nice setup with places for little ones to play and toys/iPads to play with.  The treatment room also had plenty of distractions for kiddos too, including iPads mounted to the wall & movies/tv on the ceiling.  Dr. Bienstock & her assistant was incredibly nice & patient and treated my daughter like a princess.  The staff at check-out was also really friendly & helpful in scheduling next appointments, offering insurance information, and processing payment.Her followup and my 6 yr old son's checkup appts were in the new location at City North and my husband was incredibly impressed by the office & all of the things for the kids to do - said that they must have hired Disney Imagineers!  Both appointments were great & again, staff was nice & helpful.  I received a followup call asking if we had any questions about treatment options and the staff really worked with me to schedule appointments as I tried to work around school.The treatment appointment also was wonderful!  Great work by Dr. Bienstock & staff again!  My son didn't experience any discomfort at all and the entire team worked to make sure he was comfortable.  Again, received a followup call to see how he was doing.  He received special goodies and attention for a job well done on his part.  They truly make this a fun experience for the kids!!!!
5	Amazing office! Everyone there is friendly and great with the kids. I take all three of my kids there and they are happy to go visit Dr. Libby!  I was blown away after our first visit, they are soooo much better than our previous dentist. I'm so happy to have found Dr. Libby!
5	First let me say that, in general, I do not like going to the dentist! However, I do understand the importance of taking good care of my teeth and visiting the dentist on a regular basis. I found a Groupon for a dentist in my area and decided to actually use it.  I felt very welcomed from the first moment I stepped foot into their office. The reception gals greeted me with a smile and a bottle of water. My wonderful experience only got better from there. The dental technicians were knowledgable and experienced.  Above all they were down to earth and had a fun sense of humor making me feel very comfortable and at ease.  Dr. Rowe was amazing! He too had a relaxed, caring and easy going demeanor.  He took the time to get to know me and made me laugh and feel relaxed under his care.  I have recommended them to several friends and I hope they give Dr. Rowe and his group a chance to see for themselves how truly wonderful a dental visit can be. If you are looking for a small family dentist, look no further!
5	Wow... I am literally blown away by the thought that went into building this practice.  My son had his very first dentist appointment last week and he loved it.  Imagine that?!On the DRPD website, it says that their goal is "to ensure that your child's visit to our office is positive and memorable."  Well, I can say with confidence that they achieved their goal...During our visit, Mav had his teeth brushed and shined.  They counted his teeth (18 to date), and Dr. Bienstock looked at them to make sure all was well.  The staff members that we interacted with (Perla and Kelly), as well as those at the front desk, were friendly, patient and encouraging throughout our visit.  They were amazing with kids and knew exactly how to put my son at ease as they introduced their tools and did his dental exam / cleaning.  They were also extremely thorough in making sure I knew exactly how to have him brush his teeth, etc...In addition to the actual "in room" visit, Mav played in the rocket ship, played games on the many ipads, went down a slide, and explored!  He was also given lots of presents including a new toothbrush, toothpaste, floss, a huge cup for water, a big red balloon, and a handful of other toys too.DRPD exceed our expectations during our visit and I know that Mav's teeth are in good hands with Dr Bienstock and her staff.  I highly recommend this practice if you're looking for a pediatric dentist for your little one(s).
5	We have been going to Desert Ridge since they were in their old building on Tatum. Their last office was definitely kid-friendly, with a space-themed play area and computer games on the walls. The rooms in the back looked like a regular dentist's office, though, but they were still fun for the kids.The new office, however, is amazing! They have a huge space-themed play area, with climbing structures and numerous iPads for the kids to play with. The best part, though, is when they take you back for your appointment. The entry to the back rooms is through a "spaceport" and the cool theme continues throughout. The hallways are decorated to appear like a space station, with astronauts floating around, etc. The rooms are decorated really cool, and they all have TVs on the ceiling so the kids can be distracted while the technicians and dentists are working on their teeth.Speaking of the dentists, my kids have seen both Dr. Libby and Dr. Bienstock, and they are both great. They are young, competent and both relate to the kids really well. My kids have never been afraid of having their teeth examined by these two dentists, as they have always been able to put the kids at ease. The technicians are all great, too. There are a few that have been there for a long time, and my kids are comforted by their continued presence when they show up.The kids favorite part of the visit, of course, is when they finish and get a little goody bag and a toy. The goody bag consists of a cool, new toothbrush that they get to choose, floss, a flosspick and a sticker. They get tokens that they can use in a vending machine to get the little toy. They're always excited about this part!My family definitely recommends Desert Ridge! It's a great experience for the kids and makes going to the dentist very enjoyable!
5	We are really happy with Desert Ridge Pediatric Dentistry.  We always see Dr Bienstock when we go in and she is absolutely fabulous.  My 3 year old not only enjoys the fun office, but also feels very attached to Dr Bienstock and trusts her.  She was able to help us break the "Binky" habit - which we had been struggling with.  We are definitely sold on this dentists office.  It's just a BONUS that they have done such an AMAZING job on decorating with the space ship theme.  It's really a cool place.  Our 1 year old will be going for his first appointment soon and I am confident that we will continue to feel good about the incredible attention that the kids receive when they go in!
2	Had a 430 appt. It's now 530. They said 20 more minutes. It's nice could use some upgrade to facility.  Overall service blah..Overbooked patients. I've been waiting for this second appt for them to advise me we may not get finished. What the heck, 3 appts for 3 cavity s ummm no its hard enough to schedule around work. After this we probably will not be back. Did I mention OVERBOOKED HURRY UP AND WAIT. NO GOOD PATIENT CARE. WE ARE NUMBERS.
5	This is our 2nd visit to the dentist for our son and we all love it.  The waiting area is perfect to entertain him while we wait.  The staff is extremely pleasant and energetic, it makes my son happy to come there.  When our son leaves, he gets tokens for having great teeth which he can in turn put in to the toy dispenser and receive prizes.  He also receives a balloon, stickers and a pouch with his name on it with other goodies including a new toothbrush and toothpaste.  Dr. Libby is outgoing and makes my son feel super special.  Their staff is pretty extensive - 1 person to check us in, 1 person to do his cleaning, 1 person to do his x-rays, 1 person (hygenist) to check his teeth, then Dr. Libby comes in for the final check, then 1 more person at final check-out.  Great experience with each person though.  Wish they did adult teeth! :)
5	Been coming here since my kids were just little tikes. You know how in a doctor's office that has multiple doctor's and you're nervous to get any other doctor? Well both doctor's are Fantastic! All the staff is super awesome! The entire office is always happy and upbeat. They are great with nervous kids too. The waiting room is a spaceship command center. All kids love it!They send friendly email reminders for check up's, which is exactly what any busy parent needs. They send confirmation emails for appointments, so I can confirm any time of day/night. Up to date high tech office with iPads in the rooms.
