5	Fantastic ginormous walk-in humidors plus a nice relaxing lounge. Fantastic, friendly staff who know how to mix excellent drinks. Good cigars aren't cheap.
4	A great place to shop for cigars and to enjoy a good smoke while you're there.I found the selection of machine-made cigars good, though pricey. The service was professional, though I felt a bit uncomfortable with the staff member hovering over me while I made my choices. I guess that's too avoid theft -- which is understandable given that cigars could easily be pocketed -- but it made me anxious.The smoking lounge in the back is very comfortable and I found it a fine place to sit, read, enjoy a drink, and a cigar -- and generally feel that life is good.
1	Dishonest service! I called them to ask about a humidor as a present for my father. I was told that they start at $50 and those would include everything he needs for 10-15 cigars. My brother went later that day to buy it. He was told the cheapest humidor they sell is $100 and even those are too lousy to be worth buying. So now we have no present for my dad's birthday.
4	This is a must visit for me every time I'm in Montreal.  The staff are professional and courteous.  The walk in humidor is a slice of heaven.  And the lounge is a tranquil, classic cigar smoking haven.  Adorned with Cuban artwork and cigar paraphernalia.The lounge is also licensed to sell drinks.  They make fantastic mojitos and the espresso made with Cuban coffee always makes for a great pairing with any cigar you choose.  And of course, there is the Cuban rum.  :)To use the lounge you must purchase from them, which isn't cheap, but blame Canadian taxes for that, not them.  It is totally worth the price of admission.  As one of the few places in Canada where you can enjoy a cigar indoors, year round, this is a treasure.
5	Hands down, the best tobacco shop that I have been to in a long time.  They offer a wide selection, depending on your tastes and spending habits. Notably, when I indicated that I was not sure what I wanted, the staff did not immediately steer me to the highest priced items. Instead, he gave me the pros and cons of the different varieties that I could choose.  I visited some of the other shops that were in the area and I was not impressed. If you are an aficionado, be sure to visit.
4	Coming from Toronto where no one can ever smoke, I was told this one of the places I had to try.A good selection and appropriate pricing for a lounge.  The humidor was large though not lavishly filled.  They offer lockers for members in their humidors which is great.In the back room we felt very welcome.  The atmosphere is nice with great lighting and art.  The leather couches and seats have seen better years but are still enjoyable.  The attendant in the back was fantastic, helpful and accommodating.Give it a shot for sure.  The reception in the front end of the store was by far the weakest part of the experience making us feel a bit unwelcome but after speaking with the owner a few times we've been assured this isn't an issue anymore.
3	When coming to Montreal I was looking forward to coming here due to all of the good reviews. I do like the large selection of Cuban cigars they carry here. Prices are a bit higher than some of the competition which I scouted. One thing to make sure of is to double check your cigars before purchase as I found several dry cigars in stock. Service however is good. While I was shopping I had someone available to assist in case I had any questions. When I made a selection the employee had a tray available to reduce handling of the cigar.  Unfortunately I didn't get a chance to hang out in the lounge which looked very nice. As they served coffee, drinks and soda. Maybe next time I'm round the area this lounge will have my name on it.
4	Sooooo it's not just that you aren't allowed to bring Cuban cigars into the U.S.By law, American citizens are not allowed to purchase (and maybe possess or smoke, somehow?) Cuban products, no matter whose soil you're standing on. That includes Canada....This higher-end cigar shop/lounge was shiny and supremely quiet. You probably won't find fakes here. There's a humidor. And every cigar possible in a wide range of prices. And the girl at the counter was very helpful. Not that I would know.
4	One of the nicer La Casa del Habano shops outside of Havana I have been to. Full service shop complete with comfortable lounge area with leather chairs and full bar. 2 humidors--one devoted to basic, everyday Cuban Cigars and a second humidor (closer to the front of the shop) with Regional Cuban Cigars produced specifically for Canada as well as boxes of Vintage Cuban Cigars they have aged for 5-10 years that are vacuum sealed.  At the time of my visit, I was quite impressed with the special Canadian regional Juan Lopez (esp. the Supremes) and Ramon Allones figurados they had in stock.A definite must visit if you are a true cigar aficionado though, keep in mind, in Canada the taxes are outrageous which is reflected in the average price of cigars--i.e.a typical robusto I pay $15 for in Mexico will run you double that here in Canada.
5	A classy, professional & comfortable place to enjoy the a few of the finer things in life. Be sure to inhale.
5	I was at La Casa Del Habano this past weekend 6/28/14. The place had a massive selection and the lounge was comfy and warming. I particularly enjoyed the service from Saska and Miriam. They are very polite, knowledgeable of the product, and very good at making the customers feel welcomed. Saska helped me pick an excellent cigar and also assisted my brother and friend who accompanied me. Also, Miriam was helpful in selecting a very nice bourbon when we were hanging in the lounge. Its a shame I discovered this place on my way to the airport, otherwise, I'd have spent more time there over the weekend. Thanks Saska and Miriam, you are two beautiful and awesome people!!!!
4	Good selection if Cuban cigars. My only dislike is the prices. With Canada's 70% sales tax on cigars plus business mark up prices are not favorable.
