5	This place is great. The lady who works there with blonde hair, I feel like she might be the owner? Either way, she is zoo helpful every time I am in there. I work close by so I am there often when needing to drop off my mail and bills.I always ask the silliest questions like how many stamps I need for this and for that. blah blah and she is totally cool about it. :o)
2	If you have a choice to go elsewhere, I would advise you to. I work in a nearby office and have used them out of pure necessity a few times. Each time I regret it.I understand they have to pay employees, expenses, etc, but once I was charged $2 for "packaging" which was ONE piece of paper she smashed on top. On top of that I paid for the box as well as to tape it up. Nickel and diming me. I will excuse the high prices, I am paying for convenience. What I can not excuse is their extremely poor service. First of all, don't advertise that you have a notary on staff, then get huffy with me and tell me you don't provide that service when I ask. I feel like the workers would be better fit for maybe McDonalds. I am talked down to by the workers who are younger than me and they are extremely rude. Hate your job? Quit then! Don't make me suffer. Everyone is so turned off by their services we choose to drive 5 miles to the closest post office, which sadly has better service. I would expect more, but I never see any other customers so maybe I am not the only one who feels this way.
5	This place is downstairs from my office so it's a lot more convenient to come here then go to a Fedex or the USPS. They might charge a lil more,but it's time is money. I save a lot more time then driving somewhere and waiting in line. I've always gotten the same guy to help me and he's pretty efficient. He actually helped me pack the Fedex packages that I've had to send out which helps me out since I can barely waddle down to their store. They have a lot of cute knick knacks and cards for those last minute shoppers. Overall, the time I save definitely makes it worth it to come here.
3	Either I am very lucky that she isn't working when I come in, or they fired the lady that had quite the attitude problem. Now a nice young man is there who has great customer service skills. PO Boxes are excessively over priced though and the inside needs a big upgrade but as for customer service they have earned themselves another star.
5	I recently moved into this general area and got some coupons in the mail for the Postal Pros. I decided to use a coupon to fax something (2 faxes for $1.00). They were super friendly--unlike most mail places I've been to in town. Their customer service is outstanding and I would highly recommend using them for all your mailing needs. My new "mail spot!"
1	postal pros are great. just run if you get stuck dealing with the blonde. she why they make blonde jokes
