4	Tour Guide Curt was the bomb!  He started his day at 6am and was still driving us back to hotel at 8pm with a chipper spirit.  He is very knowledge and explained little tidbits that made us appreciate AZ more.  We took the 1-day Sedona, Grand Canyon, Navajo Nation tour.  We were picked up from our hotel in Scottsdale and spent 3 hours Grand Canyon.  We definitely recommend you take this tour if you don't have much time in AZ but want to see Grand Canyon b/c the tour guide helps you to avoid the hassles of driving and headaches of reading a map finding parking at a supercrowded Grand Canyon traffic bonanza.  I docked one star as the brochure doesn't really live up to the promise on the Sedona and Navajo Nation part.  Sedona and Navajo Nation were a mere pitstop for a 30 minute "you-walk-around-and-go-shop".
5	I did 2 tours with Detours and was more than impressed!  I had actually researched 2 other tour companies and was trying to figure out which to go with when I was reading through the reviews of my hotel on Trip Advisor and noticed that many people were mentioning Detours.  When I visited their website and saw their video and all of the information they provide - I knew immediately that this was the company I had to go with.  Their vans are comfortable with Captains Chairs rather than bench seating and their 15 passenger vans they only put seating in for 10 plus the driver which gives everyone ample room.  They aren't looking to be the biggest - they just want to be the best - and they are!We did the Grand Canyon the first day (with 2 short stops in Sedona one for a photo opportunity and the next to use the facilities and shop around for about 30 minutes while the driver went to pick up our bagged lunches (which we ordered off the menu on the ride there and were fabulous by the way).If I were not returning the next day on a full day Sedona Tour I might have been disappointed by what little time we had in Sedona - but the ride to the Grand Canyon from Phoenix is a long one so you are limited by the hours of daylight you're going to have.  If you really want to see Sedona you need to do the separate tour for that - or even spend a few days there - which is what I wish I did and will do at some point in the future.  But back to the Grand Canyon Tour - Larry our tour guide had taken over 1600 tour groups to the Canyon in his years as a tour guide.  He was awesome.  His knowledge of all things Arizona was amazing and we got a great lesson in Native American History as well.   We went to 3 different view points at the Grand Canyon - each more spectacular than the one before.  We were able to pull right up and not have to worry about a thing.  Larry got the people who wanted to go on a Helicopter Ride all set up and was able to meet the varied needs of each of us in the van.  On the way home he even played mixed CD's he had made.  A nice touch.  Our Sedona Tour the next day was just as good as the Grand Canyon Tour.  Les  was our tour guide.  He was also very knowledgeable. Played an excellent selection of music that went well with the scenery and gave us a great tour of Sedona and the surrounding Canyons. He even brought along a native american flute that he played at the various stops we made.  Nice touch.  I can't even put into words just how wonderful my experience with Detours was.  You have to experience it yourself.  For I feel I can't even do it justice.
1	I will be the contrarian on Detours.  I would not do it again or recommend it.  Net/net I paid $480 to have someone drive me and my daughter to the Grand Canyon and back.  If you are expecting a tour or to see something other than you could do yourself, you will be disappointed.I did the two day tour to Sedona and Grand Canyon.  Here are the highlights.....   I was picked up at 6:30.  We drove around for an hour picking other people up.   We stopped an hour later for roadside gas and mcdonald.  Then an hour later we did the Sedona Tour - which was drive through downtown and stop in uptown.  We stopped for an hour to visit all the wonderful tourist tee shirt shops.  Then we left.  (There is so much more to see in Sedona.  To say this was seeing/touring Sedona was a joke.)  We then drove to the Grand Canyon.  They dropped us off at 1:30.  We'll see you tomorrow at 1:30.  They picked us up the next day.  Next was to be the tour of the Navajo Reservation, which was a joke.   We stopped at some roadside stand to look at jewelery, trinkets, etc.  Then drove back to Phoenix after another gas stop.    The scenery and drive are great.  If I had it to do over again I would have rented a car or hired a private driver.  It was a lot of coin for a driver.
5	I just got home from a tour with Detours on a day trip to the Grand Canyon. It was incredible. Last night I spent over $100 in taxi fare from Chase Field to Scottsdale. Then today I spend $155 on a full day (it is full, be prepared for a full day) to Sedona, Grand Canyon, Najavo Reservation, and some other quick stops for bathroom or stretching. Unbelievable value.  Our guide, Memo, was great and he told us a lot about the areas vegetation, wildlife, elevation, and history. I was looking at other tour companies before deciding on this one and I'm glad that I checked Yelp and TripAdvisor scores to make my decision. Don't be a dolt and pick this one! 3 hours around the park and multiple vantage points... Oh and lunch/water is included! Come onnnn!
5	My aunt and I didn't want to drive from Scottsdale but wanted to see the Sedona. This was recommended by our hotel concierge. It was good way to see Sedona in a day.The brochure lacked full details of the itinerary. I hate going on tours, but this one was a good pick primarily because we had a fun group of fellow tourists. Our tour guide, Gina, picked everyone up early around 6:30 am.She customized the tour to fit our needs. She asked if we wanted to stop at certain places, which was very nice. We said "yes" to all her suggestions. Sedona was beautiful that my iPhone couldn't capture the red landscape perfectly. The vantage points where we stopped were breathtaking. Some of the places we saw included Red Rock, Bell Rock, Slide Rock, Chapel of the Holy Cross, and the Montezuma Castle.It was nice learning about Arizona's history and some fun facts. Lunch was included, and Wildflower Bread Company was a good pick by our tour guide. Our tour guide was well prepared with plenty of water bottles so we stay hydrated. Unfortunately, I wish there was more time to do a little souvenir shopping. There's so much to see all in one day that I do plan to come back to Sedona for a much longer stay.
5	LOVED this tour from Scottsdale to Sedona, Grand Canyon and through the Navajo Reservation!  Highly recommend this company.  They were on time for pick up, Montana, our guide was fabulous and the van had captain's chairs for comfort and great viewing.
5	The Grand Canyon with Sedona, and Navajo Reservation (with Helicopter add on via Maverick Helicopters) was AMAZING!I am a concierge in the Valley, and I'm always sending guests on tours like this. I thought it's about time I try it out first hand to see what my guests are experiencing. If your hotel/resort is within their pick-up boundaries, you won't have to worry about driving anywhere at 6:00 am. Our tour guide, Chad couldn't have been any more nice, friendly, and knowledgeable! He explained how the trip will work, and patiently answered everyone's questions.The drive up was easy, being broken up with a pit stop or two to stretch our legs, use the bathroom, etc. First stop was Sedona. The tour guide drops you off for 20-30 minutes to walk around, shop, grab some ice cream or an original Red Dirt Shirt, while they grab lunch. (Oh, lunch was great! Not your typical box or brown bag lunch like some other tours. You kind of "create your own" sandwich/salad and write in what drink you want) You can either eat on the van on the way up to the Grand Canyon, or save it for when you get there. If you're not opting in for the helicopter ride (which...I HIGHLY RECOMMEND) you'll be taken in the Grand Canyon village for roughly an hour while others are flying over the canyon!The helicopter ride was absolutely amazing! Great for couples, families, friends, people with a fear of heights...I went with a co-worker who had to get over that fear quick. But, the pilots are so amazing, any fears we had, disappeared once we flew over the edge, and saw the amazing Canyon dusted in snow.After the flight, the guide loads up the van again and drive everyone down to the GC village for some more picture taking, and gift shopping! Keep your cameras ready to see some Elk! After a few more photo op stops, you'll be driven through and into the Navajo reservation. Again, Chad was so informative. We load up once more, and to our surprise, Chad had Fry Bread for the group! YUM!The drive back is a bit quiet being as you've already spent about 10+ hours out and about. Great tour, great company, great people. I'm glad I work in the industry to open people to such an amazing opportunity you will have with Detours! Thank you, Jeff, Christina, Forrest, and Chad!
5	Fun trip, convenient pick up and drop off, LOTS of information from our tour guide/driver Larry. Such a fun day. We experienced rain and snow along the way, beautiful Sedona, and stopped at the reservation on the way back.  Definitely book your GC trip with Detours!!
3	Did the day trip to the Grand Canyon with a pass through Sedona.Got picked up at our hotel in Phoenix. Stopped at some other hotels in the downtown area to pick up the rest of our 12 group of riders and we were off.It's a long drive to the Grand Canyon from Phoenix, but Jojo, our driver with the German accent, kept us entertained / informed with a oral history lesson on the westward expansion of The United States and Native Americans. Our stop in Sedona was all of forty minutes, just enough to stretch the legs, use a restroom, take some pictures and buy a trinket.When we got to The Grand Canyon, they had sandwiches for us, which were preordered at the start of the trip (included in ticket price). The sandwiches were tasty and filling.The Grand Canyon was beautiful. This day trip was just an extension of our trip to see the Mets v Diamondbacks. I will definitely be back for a trip just dedicated to seeing and exploring The Grand Canyon.After about two hours at The Grand Canyon, it was time to take our long ride back to Phoenix, with a pit stop at an Indian Trading Post.
4	We were visiting Arizona for a conference and only had one free day, so we decided to book a day trip with Detours up to the Grand Canyon with a stop in Sedona. The tour was awesome; very educational and fun, worth every penny! Our tour guide Rick was an encyclopedia-extremely knowledgeable; he knew the exact dates, the particular species name, I mean an incredible guy who is really passionate about what he does. The tour was well organized with its pit stops, food breaks, and places to stop for a kodak moment. The only thing keeping me from giving them 5 stars is that the microphone in our van wasn't working. When I was sitting in the front seat, this was no problem, but for the people in the back of the van, it was impossible to hear all the great things Rick had to say.
5	This is the perfect Grand Canyon tour when you are short in time. We did Sedona and Grand Canyon and it was perfect. We hit all the important stops and were well informed by the history of each place. Worth the $!
5	Best Tour Ever! These guys have their business down to an art and it's great. You can experience the Grand Canyon, Sedona, Vegas and more with any of their varied packages. All are a great value for the money as I hate navigating myself in places I'm not familiar with. We did a tour of Sedona and the Canyon which also included a stop at the Navajo Reservation. Our guide Leslie was very entertaining and informative. The trip was all inclusive and totally worth it. We saw the best parts of both the Canyon and Sedona and for visiting during the off season we were never too hot. We in fact avoided the blazing sun and the rain because our guide new the patterns so well. Highlights included the village at Sedona, the 6 mile hiking trail at the Canyon, the watch tower, the little and big Colorado River, and much more. Our lunch was enough for Michael Phelps to consume his necessary daily calorie intake! So huge. So good.  We will be back and do a helicopter trip to Vegas, Canyon and Colorado Rockies next go. You must use them! So awesome!
5	We had a group of 6 that took the Apache Trail tour, and Paul was our tour guide for the day. Not only was it a wonderful tour, but just on the way to the trail, Paul made sure to point out any and all points of interest for us. We first went to Goldfield Ghost Mine and had time to walk around and take pictures and also did the zip line ride which was a lot of fun. Once we were done there, Paul took us to Tortilla Flats for dinner, and pointed out the ice cream parlor next door, and let us know about their Prickly Pear ice cream which we were all interested in. We spent a lot of time eating and had drinks at Tortilla Flats, and the ice cream parlor was closing so Paul stepped in to let us know and we were able to run next door so we didn't miss out on the ice cream. On the way back, we also stopped at Canyon Lake. The entire afternoon was an absolute blast. I would recommend Detours for any tour whether it is just up to the Apache Trail, Sedona or the Grand Canyon. Thank you Detours for the best tour ever! -Megan, Becca, Nicole, Teri, Rob and Jen
