5	Todd Neal, LMT is the best massage therapist.  I get a lot of massages, but this one today tops them all!  Todd was ultra professional, a natural healer & used effective stretching techniques in my massage as well.  He can give as much or little pressure as needed.  The spa is quiet & it is a nice room with bathroom right inside, and temperature/music is controlled by the therapist.  Todd is highly recommended by myself and 5 others I know who go to him! (702) 467-0843 I suggest an hour and a half if you drive car & work on computer a lot like me.  This gives time to work all that out as well as get relaxation & reiki as well.  All positive healing.  I am left energized yet relaxed!  So glad I found him!
5	A beautiful little oasis in the desert! The environment itself is minimalistic and soothing. Other customer service features are great ongoing promo services and packages, a wide array of complimentary refreshments, and various thoughtful customer appreciation gifts to choose from.The receptionist, Heidi, is so sweet and cheerful it's contagious. With great customer service to match, she was detailed in booking our appointments, thorough in preparing us for the experience, and strove to meet our needs.Garth was my masseur, and gave me a great first impression of full body deep tissue massages to expect from this establishment. Beth & Crystal also come highly recommended.**When going for multiple services, you have the option to pay one full bill in advance upon making your appointment (either over the phone or in person).**If you choose to pay after your services, each therapist will take your payments separately using electronic mobile systems. Take note that most use PayPal, which does NOT accept AMEX.
3	2 stars for the actual spa.3 stars for the massage I got from Crystal. First, I didn't like how the receptionist handled my request to reschedule the morning of. Don't get me wrong, I get massages regularly and I understand how important it is to be on time. My appointment was at 4pm, and I had asked when she called to confirm at 10am if it was possible to either reschedule for 4:30 or move it to another day- I was told told a resounding no, I was the last massage for a certain therapist and she was scheduled to go home at 5. Alrighty then..I ended up making it to the appointment and received an unconventional (for me) deep tissue massage. She was able to get into my hip flexors and jaw, which were pretty painful and felt strange. I try to get monthly massages to relieve tension on my back, and even though we discussed problem areas she spent a lot of time on my chest and hips. It's been almost a week since the massage and I already feel like I need another massage to loosen up my lower back again. She was a very likable therapist, but the massage was mostly painful and wasn't very relaxing. She offered to extend my massage to 90 minutes, and I told her about the debacle with the receptionist, and Crystal tells me that she would have welcomed the push to 4:30 since it would have kept her from running the 10 minutes late to my appointment. UGHH!!The spa lobby looks like a little gift shop. I'm not sure how else to describe it; there are books and cosmetics for sale, even as seen on TV items. The rooms don't really have any sound proofing so I'm glad I wasn't close to the entranceway, and also only had light curtains so they were really bright- which I didn't care for at all.PROS:I learned a lot about where I held tension from Crystal.You can shop for last minute gifts in the lobby. :PCONS:Still holding tension in my lower back.Rooms are bright, and not very relaxing.Receptionist wasn't accommodating. All in all, if they offered a monthly subscription like most other spas do, I wouldn't buy it. I would never give this spa any sort of payment up front in case I needed to reschedule, and I'm not sure that the type of massage was "for me".
5	Loved my massage with Armando! He was so amazing! The spa itself is very clean. I would say my best friend and I were both very pleased! We were offered a welcoming gift as well! It's a very friendly welcoming environment! Would definitely recommend it to anyone  :)
5	I am so glad I got my massage from Armando!! My body finally got the what it needed! My first massage with him was my 3rd massage in 3 weeks because I had been holding a lot on tension in my neck and shoulders and the other two massages i got at similar places that I won't name here just didn't help much ( and were more expensive $). He relieved my pain and the experience itself was really relaxing too. Armando is really down to earth, intuitive and skilled, he's respectful, professional, the facility was very clean and spacious yet cozy and quiet... oh, and he has ionic salt rock lamps in his massage room which I LOVE! Thank you so much!!!
5	Most amazing spa; excellent prices; superior customer service.  The spa owner personally greeted us, accommodated 6 massages with less than 24 hour notice, provided tea and water and a free gift.  My massage therapist, Armando, is well practiced in different types of therapy and addressed many physical and stress ailments.  If you didn't bring a car, you can take the 201 from the Tropicana to Buffalo and walk north a couple blocks - about 20-30 minutes from the strip.
5	Very pleasant massage at very reasonable price! I got a 60 min full body massage from Armando, and felt amazing afterwards. The spa is clean and cozy, the customer service is excellent, and you get to pick a free gift after your massage.
4	Armando did a nice job, the complimentary gift was a nice touch.  I wish it was closer to my apartment as it is quite a drive.
4	Angel Blessings is a hidden gem. Once I walked in, I felt a breeze of calm. I had pull my neck/shoulder muscle while drying my long locks so I was in need of a massage. I called Heidi the day of, at first there was no availability, but then she called back 30 min later & said there was an opening. I was so glad because I could barely turn my head. Armando..where do I begin??? He was...wow.. maybe 1 of the best therapist I had. He worked out the tension on my neck.shoulder then found more knots that I didn't know I had! He meticulously worked them out & kept reassuring my comfort & pain threshold. I went to so many different places before, but now..I think I found the one.
5	Angel Blessings spa is my secret getaway in Las Vegas.  I've had massages from a number of their therapists in the past year.  All were exceptional, especially Armando.  He listened during our consultation and made the entire experience wonderful.  I highly recommend him to anyone who is sensitive to pressure.  He's one of the only therapists who was able to work on my extremely sensitive neck.
5	My wife and I found Angel's Blessing Spa online. We were visiting from out of town and hate to pay the strip prices for massage. Even with the cost of taxi to and from the day spa, it was less than it would've been to pay the outrageous prices on the strip.I had Aya and my wife had Armando. As soon as we saw each other at the end of our massages we gave each other the thumbs up. We both loved the massages. They paid attention to what we liked and changed the pressure accordingly. Aya used several different techniques during my massage including pressure points, deep tissue and stretches.We each got an hour and a half massage and came out feeling relaxed and ready for the rest of our vacation on the Las Vegas strip! Angel's Blessing's Spa is amazing! I strongly recommend it. I can't wait to get back to Vegas  so I can get another massage from Aya!
3	2 Star for the actual spa4 Star for the massageI enjoyed the massage I received from Armando. He is very professional and gave great advises how to take better care of my muscles. Overall I think he did pretty good. I think he will get better with his flow with time and maybe using a bit more lotion throughout the massage. He also gave good price to go back and see him again. The actual spa looks like a retail shop and it is clean. I just don't really care for the design or the decor. It needs kinda a face lift :)
5	Thank God I found this place on living social! I was able to snag a great deal for an hour massage in June and I loved it so much I bought one for my man to enjoy! Having to put up with me for so many years, he's bound to have some tension! It's a wonderful day spa with very talented therapists. They also have one therapist who happens to be a master at prenatal massages. So you don't have to worry about your little peanut while your back is killing you, let these masters work out the knots! While you wait, the lounge is so cozy and equipped with a massage chair to help ease the pain while you wait. Definitely not as amazing as these therapists, but it makes due! Keep an eye out for a living social deal! And don't forget to tip well! They'll definitely help you see, smell and just feel overall 100x better than when you first walked in. Ask for Christie or Armando!!
4	Great deal on Groupon ($38 for 60 min full body massage) or the location might honor the special w/o purchasing the groupon. The massage was amazing and totally worth it. The spa itself is not that great so don't expect something fancy but I would definitely return for the massage. You even get a free gift after.
5	My massage was provided by Armando. He did a great job finding the areas that were tense. He asked questions beforehand. Asked about my preferences. Made me feel comfortable. I definitely feel relaxed and and not as stressed and tense as I was before my massage. Would totally do it again. Thank you!
5	My friend and I came in for a birthday. I asked to be texted the address. They were excellent at following up voice mail I had left. Vicky the therapist was exceptional. After the massage, I was given water and a gift from the gift shop. Advised me to keep drinking water b/c of the cleansing type massage we did. First time experience and we had a great time. Definitely recommend it.
1	DO NOT go to this establishment.  Several of us purchased a spa treatment via Groupon.  The reservation were made for 11/9/2014.  The entire group from 6 different states went in on Sunday.  The owner stated that the reservation was actually for 11/7 - not true.  The owner stated that they couldn't confirm because a red star was placed over one of the phone numbers.  Righttttt.  No refund was offered.  This is NOT a wise investment.  Look elsewhere and don't deal with this lack of service or business sense.
5	First of all, staff was very friendly and welcomed me once I came in. The interior looked very organized and the lighting and ambience is very mellow.Once I came into the room, the therapist turned on some light relaxing music and the bed stayed heated (it felt very nice). The whole a hour felt like a relaxing day at the spa and she took out most of my knots and pressure points on my joints. Her name is LUPE. She was a very nice Thailand woman. I would definitely come back again!
