5	Wow! About time Mill got BBQ! They totally changed up everything and the interior is laid back and I felt like I was on vacation. Much needed change from what this place used to be. The staff is super helpful and the Bbq is AMAZING! Get the brisket and the chicken. Again I am so happy that they are here. Kudos!
5	Awesome place to eat. This place jus opened up and the people are super nice. I can't wait to eat there again. I had the pulled pork with a little bit of there BBQ sauce I have found my new favorite place on mill to eat. They have awesome drink specials too.
5	This place is great!  Finally something different to eat on Mill Ave! I was so tired of the shitty wannabe Mexican food on Mill.  I work on Mill avenue so when I heard they where opening a new BBQ place I was already excited.  I would walk by everyday waiting for this place to open it's doors, til finally the day came (last week).  Their award winning smoked meat is the brisket, it was incredibly tender and just melted away with every bite.  Their spicy bbq sauce is made in house, ask for "Matt's spicy sauce":. The Beach Pit takes pride in the food, and serves it with care and great service.  I will be back at least once a week to enjoy some brisket and mac and cheese.  Keep up the good work guys!
5	This hidden gem is the best place to eat on Mill Ave. Seriously good BBQ! Staff really explains each item well and gets you excited about what you are going to eat. They are super friendly too. The Brisket is soooo amazing it melts in your mouth. I get the Moist Brisket, side of coleslaw, bun, and the spicy bbq. I put it all on together on the bun... and for those few minutes I'm in heaven. Seriously try it....Sooo good. I'm hooked. I've eaten there pretty much everyday since they opened. Cheers!
4	Ihappened by during their soft open, and I was very impressed with the food. They have a great selection of meats and they are cooked perfectly. They even give you choices of regular or moist briskit (a little fattier to give it more flavor). They have a good house barbeque sauce.  The facility is pretty simple - very "bar" atmsphere and TVs along the walls. The staff is great, and eager to make sure you enjoy the food. I'll be coming back.
1	First time I went they were out of 4 or 5 items, so I came back a few days later, got some crappy overcooked Mac and cheese, flavorless brisket, on a cold hard bun. Went back today and they were closed during hours posted. Place won't see the new year.
5	Awesome food!  Great quality and the folks that work there are very knowledgeable about BBQ, especially the Texas style. Highly recommend!
1	We went there for dinner and ordered 16oz. Landsharks but got 12oz beers that did not taste like Landshark. Also half of the menu they don't make, I assume this is because of cutting costs; the place was empty at 6:30 pm on a Sat. night. No sweet potato fries, no beans, and didn't have two types of meat for entrees. The waiter didn't even tell us they didn't have it UNTIL we ordered. Not recommended at all.
5	When the owner dances with you and sings during karaoke, you know they have great customer service! Came here with my girlfriend and some friends on Saturday night to have some fun, and had a great time. Karaoke was great, and the people (customers) there were fun to be around.
2	Attempting to eventually have a drink at every bar on Mill led me to try this place. I had a $2 Rolling rock which was on special and there was nobody inside or outside the bar at about 7pm on a weeknight. There was a nice female Hungarian bartender making small talk with me also, but I was assured that the cook was from Texas.   If I had just gotten a drink and not tried the food, this review would be better. Most Texas BBQ places cut the meat right in front of you and chopped brisket is not an option. Both of these ideas were shattered as the meat process unfolded in the back of the kitchen and after arriving home noticed it was chopped served with a simple hamburger bun. The brisket was very average and BBQ sauce was on the sweet side, but brisket was cold and needed reheating. Macaroni and Cheese was my side dish choice and it was gummy and had no cheese flavor at all. I had to reheat and dump my own cheese on the thing to salvage that stuff. I only p[aid $7.44 total for the meal, but an empty place, a secret brisket session in the back and horrid side dish should knock this place out of Mill sooner than later. Texas BBQ House is the only choice!
2	Service very slow and inconsistent. Not a big variety of food. Tacos and brisket were just all fat, little meat. Flavored good but low quality prep on meat. Boo.
1	Terrible. You seriously just served me cold fat drenched in generic BBQ sauce on a stale bun? Seriously thinking ownership just thought it would take a few fake yelp reviews and they would be rolling in the cash. There is a reason this place is ALWAYS empty. A drug money laundering operation is more believable than this place trying to be a legitimate BBQ joint.
4	Went in last night for the pre-Grand opening and the pulled pork was the business. The mac-n-cheese wasnt the best but their bbq sauce gets me wet. On top of the female bartender was awesome and hilarious. Def worth hitting up.
4	Cheap place, in all the best ways you can read cheap.  Cheap beer, not good beer, but not bad, and not even slightly expensive ($2 drafts).  AMAZING BBQ that won't break the bank, the pulled pork and brisket are both well worth trying! Two people in, couple beers, couple 1/2 pound sandwiches of amazing bbq, and out the door for $16?  VERY worthwhile.Ambiance?  Not really any, it's a BBQ joint, that caters to a college crowd.  They do that about right, so it's great for a single guy to pop in for beers and food, but not a place to take a date if you want to impress her, (unless she's impressed with good food and cheap beer, in that case, she's a keeper ;-).For what it is, it's 4 stars!  If you expect always be clean tables and elegant staff, then, you just don't understand BBQ joints, and you have no business rating this place anyway!And if you complain it's "greasy" or "sloppy" and gave it a low rating, you have no business rating a BBQ joint.For quality of meat, 5 stars.  For "what a guy expects" at a BBQ joint in terms of staff, meat, beer, prices, TOTALLY 5 stars.But, every time I've been, it was cheap buns.  Amazing meat, cheap beer, on cold soggy buns that might as well have been wunderbread.  So, that's a fail.  Given how good everything else was, I am only going down to 4 stars.  But if they got some decent fresh buns in, it has potential to be the best BBQ joint in the whole Phoenix metro area.  Fresh cooked soft rich buns that are on par with the meat, it would be perfect.  But putting that stuff on cheap buns... sorry, you probably should loose 2 stars, not just one.But for cheep beer and good food, in this location (Mill Ave.) known for  middle of the road prices and middle of the road food, The Beach Pit is better food and cheaper prices than the rest.  So, I am NOT subtracting points for an occasional sticky table and the lack of waitresses in bikinis... it's a dive with good food and cheap beer, and a 4 star for what it does.  With better buns, and a slightly better beer selection, this would be 5 star amazing.
1	If I could give this place a zero star I probably would. Why? Horrible, unprofessional customer service..We originally stopped by here because some of my friends wanted to do Karaoke. First, my friend got cut off after buying a round of shots. When he came up to the bar to get more drinks they told him he was cut off. Um why? Secondly, we were here for about an hour, we all went outside on the patio and a guy comes out on his smoke break, I'm assuming he was the bartender. Looks at me and my girl friend, and says I need to see your ID and yours. First of all, I don't care about getting carded, but why isn't anyone else getting carded. I asked him, why weren't we carded the minute we walked in? He said because they don't have a bouncer. Why would you card us an HOUR later after we've all already ordered drinks. The way he approached us about it was what really got to me. Needless to say I'll never be back..
3	The Beach Pit is a place that I want to try again. I had a pulled pork sandwich and kind of rushed through it. I wish I could say that the flavors were on point, but I don't really remember. Next time I'm on mill I will try the food again, just so I can give more of an accurate review.
3	I dropped in again today, and it's changed some.The buns seem a touch better, so either they changed them or my memory of them isn't as clear as I though.  The pulled pork wasn't as stellar as last time, but they admitted having some kitchen appliance problems this week.The place was really slow, only maybe two other people there besides me an my friend.  But the bartender disappeared for long periods of time in the back, so service was pretty slow.The place was one of my favorites because I'm sorta a cheapskate and the prices were always a bargain.  But something is different.  The sign out front still says $2 drafts and $5 for a pulled pork and draft.  But it appears there is a trick to it.  I ordered a draft, then my friend showed up, and I ordered a second draft and she got water.  Then we had two pulled pork sandwiches.  I would have thought that would be 2 specials at $5 each, but it wasn't.  They charged $2 ea for the drafts, and $5 ea for the sandwiches.  So, I guess I must have missed the hours for that special, misread the sign, or you have to order the draft at the same time as the sandwich?  Either way, 2 beers and 2 sandwiches was $14 plus tax, plus tip, so it was not far from the bargain I remembered.  It wasn't bad.  But pushing closer to $20, I found some other places near by that I like also.I'm dropping this down a star from my last review, was a 4, now a 3.
