5	This place has such a great staff.  I have a senior dog and they always address her needs and she comes home looking great.  Snooty Pets is the only place I will take my dog.  Their prices are comparable with many other dog groomers in Vegas, but their facilities seem a lot nicer.  They will get your dog done in 2-4 hours and you can make appointments for the afternoon.The boutique has some great sales!  I always check out the sales rack and sweater bins.  The bakery has FRESH dog treats, many are meat-based and my dog loves everything they make.Advice:-Call a couple days ahead for appointment, especially if you want a Saturday groom.  This place is booked full on some days.- Don't pay the extra $10 for the "Teachers Pet" package.  I did this a few times thinking my little dog would be happier hanging out with the groomer instead of being in a cage.  BUT I saw her cowering under the table while another large dog was being groomed when I picked her up.  They are too busy to hang out with your dog and it is probably safer in a cage.- BUY THE TURKEY BURGERS!  My dog goes crazy for them!
1	Worst Groom That My Dog Has Ever HadThis review was based on second experience with Snooty Pets and although the first was mediocre, the second was deplorable. I will never take my dog back to Snooty Pets. I have actually done a better job of grooming my dog and it didn't cost $45. I hope to be able to attach a photo so that everyone can see the massacre to my dog's hair... it's a joke. Considering that I provided them with a photo and a detailed description of exactly what I wanted... I believe Helen Keller may have been assigned to groom my dog that day.
5	loved taking my pomeranian there. the groomers were so friendly. the owner of the store is so understanding she would stay a half hour after they were closed so i could pick her up after work, plus my dog always left happy never scared running out like she has from other groomers
1	Finding a good groomer is like trying to find a good mechanic or hair stylist its really hard! I saw this place numerous times since its across the street from my house so I decided to pop in. When I walked in I was not greeted and had to wait for the owner to get off the phone which was obviously a personal call. So I wait and browse. Finally about 10 mins later she asked if I needed help. I wanted to know how much an all over shave for my medium lenghth border collie lab mix would be. $110 bucks! Seriously? Seemed pretty steep. So I thank her and decide to buy some goodies for my chihuahua. When the owner asked what kind of dog I had while ordering the cookies she felt it was nessacary to ask why I would feed a chihuahua gourmet treats!! How is that any of her buisness??
5	This is my go-to place for my Cocker Spaniel's grooming needs.  I didn't fully come to appreciate Snooty Pets until I started venturing off to other groomers and realized that the quality of their cuts were not up to par.  I highly recommend Cassandra who does an impeccable job at handling my sometimes unruly Cocker Spaniel's hair. There are never any razor lines (which I experienced at another groomer) and the cut is always done to my specifications.  My dog always comes back pristine, and most importantly, happy.  The customer service is topnotch and they even threw in a free doggy treat during the checkout process.  Little gestures like this mean a lot to me. The price for my smaller Cocker Spaniel is $45 + tip which includes a bath, haircut, nail clipping, ear cleaning, and anal gland expression. This is the going rate for a Cocker Spaniel cut in Las Vegas and well worth the price at Snooty Pets.
5	My ex was taking his dog here. When my cat had some unmanagable knots in her fur, I decided to take her here. They said they ususally don't groom cats and because I have a wild cat, they were unable to completely groom her. They did cut out the knots. I was happy with that. They didn't charge me anything. I gave a $30 tip. My ex was always happy with his dog's cut and the price. If I had a dog, I would take it to Snooty Pets.
5	I loved this place! As soon as I walked in I was greeted by the owner and she had a spot for my bichon/poodle mix right On the spot for me. The place is very beautiful and it surely would make a dog feel at peace. I really loved How my bichon/poodle mix turned out! Exactly what I asked for. Other places do not leave him like I ask. I even left a 10 dollar tip because I loved it that much. I strongly encourage people to come to this facility!! I even drove 40 minutes to get here And they have, I believe, homemade treats. I got a free one after he got groomed and both my dogs loved the treats!
2	I am torn as how to review this salon... I have three dogs. One very small, one medium and one large. All three have attended the salon over six times and each time I picked them up I swore I would find a new groomer. First, they do a mediocre job for the 300 price tag. Second, there was always something very wrong about one of the pups haircut. The final straw was the last time I picked the dogs up, I swear they hadn't cut the little ones hair!! We had to take him back. I recommend Skipping this salon because of their inconsistencies.
3	I usually go to Prince and Princess puppies and boutique, but they're currently relocating. I decided to try somewhere new. The staff was extremely friendly and very attentive, but I can't help but compare them to Prince and Princess. Here, I had to pay $35 compared to Prince and Princess for $25 for just a bath and brush. Snooty Pets also didn't let me choose a bow and just stuck a random one in for me. Her ears still have some wax and there is no hair removal included. She got a sanitary cut, but it wasn't as clean as Prince and Princess does it.Nails, pads and face are trimmed nicely and she is super fluffy and soft. :)
4	They take great care of my two canine family members.  Both seem to be happy with their bath and toenail clipping.  One of my Boston's is not particularly outgoing and doesn't like many people other than me and she tolerates this environment well because they are so caring and gentle with her nervous soul.  The other girl seems to enjoy her experience.They are always treated to a Turkey Ball for their troubles and I sometimes buy extra for my friends canine family.  We are kind of stuck on certain treats and haven't tried many, but the dogs have loved all of the treats we have tried.
5	Recently took my two puppies for their first grooming at this location, and was very pleased! They keep specific notes on what you'd like to have done and who took care of your baby. I absolutely love their selection of homemade healthy dog treats. Everyone on their staff is very pleasant too.
5	Excellent customer service! I wish I asked the lady at the front her name because she was so sweet, kind and very nice! She looked like she was Asian. So if management sees this, give her praise and may be a raise because she's doing your business good! :)I came in to pick up my dogs birthday cake and a couple of spontaneous treats. She made my first experience here a great one and I will definitely return when I need stuff for my doggy!
5	They are so good to my little Ava! I've tried so many doggie groomers and this one is my fave. They keep track of her lengths and know what I like. Not to mention they care a lot about the pets. I highly recommend!
5	First I want to say that my dog loves the Turkey Burgers..so those treats get a 10/10 The turkey burgers are soft, moist, and smell so good that you will want to eat them.  They also freeze well if you want to stock up like we do.Grooming: I have a Rat Terrier w/ short hair and smooth coat so no trimming or cutting is needed.  She gets a bath, nails filed, and her teeth brushed.  I have always been extremely satisfied w/ the service and care my dog receives at Snooty Pets.  I have been a loyal customer since 2005 and have never had any complaints or issues.  Great friendly staff and they offer a "Teacher's Pet" option to add to your service where they won't put your dog in a cage.  I personally choose this option so my dog doesn't have to be in a cage.  They know my dog by name when we walk in the door even when they aren't expecting us...we pop in for the Turkey Burgers when we are in the area. The owner takes pride in the Salon and it shows.  I would highly recommend this Salon to anyone.
1	I will be the first person to give someone a well deserved pat on the back, call over a manager for kudos, etc. but... Really disappointed in this place. I couldn't even tell my dog was groomed except her butt was shaved! Ridiculous! When I said something, everyone looked at me like they got caught doing something wrong. I am not picky, just treat my dog nice, give her a good clean cut, take good care of her and give me a reason to come back. Never again. Since then I've met several people who've told me similar stories.
5	I have a 17 year old Cocker Spaniel. He's had A LOT of hair dos in his time.  A LOT. This is by far the best one ever. I mean it. His ears are perfectly rounded, he hates to have his feet touched yet they are perfect. He has a lot of old man bumps and usually they get knicked. Not one!! I think the groomers name was Chris. Thank you so much!!
4	My four legged roomie needed some grooming done. Found Snooty Pets from a deal on Living Social. I think it was like $12 for $25? Something like that. I couldn't resist of not buying one and I've heard of good things about this place. Plus, Max needed his fat butt washed.Made an appointment and dropped off Max. They gave me an eta of 3-4 hours. Left, took a nap at home (not having Max to interrupt me on my nap was great). Picked up Max. OMG poor boy, he was in a kennel crying. He needs space for his fatness. But it's okay he smelled great. Walked around the store and picked up some treats for him. He likes the turkey burger one but this boy prefers peanut butter cookies. Would be great if Snooty Pets sold treats by the dozens or half dozens rather than individual. Would come back for treats for Max. Boy is always hungry. #EnglishBulldogProblems
5	I love this place. I have been going here for about 6 years, everyone is always very nice and well trained. I have never had a negative experience. But it wasn't until we adopted a terrible puppy, a pit mix, that has extreme trust issues and separation anxiety and has been called aggressive that after our experience I felt the need to write a review. My puppy has been kicked out of most places, but at snooty pets, their staff is so extremely well trained and love dogs so much it shows. Not only have they not had a problem with my dog, but they were able to get in my dogs mouth and brush his teeth and clip his nails. Other places just write off my dog as a pit and aggressive, but snooty pets understand that my dog is scared and has trust issues and they deal with it in the right way. This place is amazing and I will continue to go here for as long as we are living in Vegas.
4	Snooty Pets is my go-to groomers and doggie bakery. I always take my golden here and I always buy her special treats here too. The service is quick and the treats are baked fresh. This place is very close to my house which is a big plus.The only reason for 4 stars is because I don't like the way this place smells. It doesn't smell like dog doo-doo or anything dirty but the smell from the treats they bake in-house daily is just so pungent and overcomes you as you walk in. I would recommend a more powerful ventilation system for this small store but I'm not too dissatisfied that their treats are baked in-house. Other than that everything here is cute and looks so yummy....for my dog of course.
2	I have been using snooty pets for the last four years. I had always loved these guys. Did a great job, super friendly and my dogs always seemed to love going. The last few times though, my dogs have come home with very uneven cuts. I called, and asked not to have the same groomer cut my dogs next time. Next time came, and again I picked my dogs up and my schnauzer was cut uneven, plus her beard had been cut way down. She looked silly. Then yesterday I decided to give them one last try, I picked them up and got them in the car and I hadn't even made it to the street before I noticed my schnauzer had been crying and couldn't open her left eye. I went straight to the vets office, id rather be safe then sorry.  Glad I did, cause she has a scratch in the middle of her cornea and has to be on antibiotics. Now, I am aware cutting a dogs hair can be difficult. But after the service I have received the last few times, this is the final straw. Too bad, I really did love this place. I will be going someplace else from now on.
1	STAY CLEAR AWAY from this horrifying pet grooming place!! First time and last time here. Owner calls me and informs me that they accidentally slightly "nipped" my puppy's ears. I rushed over to see what had exactly happened, and my poor puppy's ear had been separated
5	Referred to this place by my vet and a friend.  They did the best job on Lola that she has ever had!!  Will definitely be using them from here on.  The place was spotless and they have some really great baked goods!  Lola smells so good and I am totally impressed!!
4	the staff seemed nice and friendly. they got all kind of goodies for pets :) also very clean. my husband and I are happy to bring puppies here.
1	I have to say the custom service is terrible. The young lady at the front desk can use some manners and some schooling on how to treat customers. She didn't greet me when I walked it or acknowledge me till I spoke to her. She looked very unhappy to be there. As I was picking up my dog later I noticed a male grommer handling a very small dog extremely rough. He was yanking the small dog by the fur on its chin. The dog was clearly scared and wanted nothing to do with the man so he tried pulling away. The man pulled at the leash around the dogs neck hard till another groomer jumped in on the action. She pushed the dog down to the table.  Both groomers looked aggravated, at this time they both looked up and saw me watching.  The woman took the dog to her table then camly pet the dog and finished the task at hand. I said something to the young lady atbyhe front desk and her response was "that's just the way they do it".It blows me away that it took two people to hold a small dog down to shave some fur off the top of its head and this is just the way they treat our animals. I can only imagine what they did to my medium sized dog. I don't think I will ever go back and wish I could inform the owner of the small dog.
5	I took a dog  to Snooty Pets last Friday morning. This poor pup had been trying to survive alone on the streets. I went down to east Vegas and rescued him. Took this poor, foul smelling mess to my vet, then on to Snooty Pets. This dog was filthy,matted, and did I mention he stunk to high heaven. The staff at Snooty Pets didn't skip a beat. They welcomed him as if he was a little prince. They did an amazing job on him. When I picked him up he looked so clean and happy. He has been named Tucker, and he's happily living safe now, along with my golden retriever and Sheepadoodles. Thank you Snooty Pets for being a part of changing this dog's life.
1	My family has been using Snooty Pets since they opened years ago, a total of 5 dogs we've taken there repeatedly.Dropped my puppy off this morning, who is like my own fur child, and as i'm about to leave, a lady I've never seen before comes to my car asking what I want done to my dog. Turns out, four different people have been grooming my puppy, despite the fact I always made my appointment for the SAME groomer, which is the person who always brought my pup out to me when I picked her up. I'm completely infuriated with their dishonesty. I will never be using Snooty Pets again, and I will make sure I pass this cautionary tale to every pet owner I know.
3	After the incident regarding who my puppy was being groomed by, the manager did contact me to apologize. I do greatly appreciate the attempt and the concern for their client. I am skeptical to return, because I'll now have this in the back of my mind, but I will try going back and make sure my girl is groomed by the person she's dropped off with.
1	How dare you write back such a snooty comment (no pun intended). My 3 pound chihuahuas ears was seperated at the right side in to two parts on the corner, enough that the vet had to stitch him up for 2 weeks to try and make it heal (you guys put a lot of cream on him when I picked him up, and assured me that it was just a nick and it will stop bleeding right away). I believe the hospital was durango animal hospital, and the nurses even told me that you guys even had an account with them. To top it all off, the hospitals collection agency called me a few months after. They demanded that we pay the hospitals past due surgery fees. After a very long explanation I was able to direct them back to your store. The entire experience was a nightmare, and I cant believe you had the nerve to reply back to my fiance like she was not telling the truth or that she was over exggagerating. Facts are: my puppy had a visible seperation cut on his ears and it was bleeding. He got stitches. He healed. We received collection calls from the hospital. Thats it.
4	My dogs love their homemade turkey meatballs they do a very good job on my cocker spaniel's they always come back looking amazing and their ears are detailed and clean. The only thing I would have a complaint about is the timing issue. I dropped off my 2 dogs at 10:30am and didn't get the call to pick them up till after 3:45 pm. Other than that, no other problems. I feel my dogs are taken care of when they go there :-)
5	My 17 year old cocker, Buddy, needed a haircut again. Will did an amazing job, once again. He looks so good. Will, you really are amazing at what you do.That being said, i didn't leave a tip because i forgot it was cash tip only. I PROMISE to bring your tip in. I would never stiff someone who treated my dog with care and makes him look so handsome. Thank you so so much
5	This place is great. They have homemade ice cream, treats like lamb burgers, salmon pizza and jerkys. Great prices for homemade. They always have samples as well. My dog loves getting these special treats you couldnt get in the store. They also have toys and products to make your dog look and feel special. They make birthday cakes and do grooming as well. Great speciality pet shop.
