3	This place has great stuff, but their prices are way higher than somewhere like Dick's or Wal-Mart.  This is definitely a place frequented by a neighborhood crowd- I always bought my tennis shoes and and sports stuff here.  The store isn't that big, but they have a decent selection.  This place caters to the kind of people who come in here (mainly rich people), so if you want to try and save some money def try out a "sports superstore."  Last time I shopped here they would give you a discount if you belonged to the Y (I told you it was that kind of place).
4	We went to Omega Sports on the recommendation of my dad's podiatrist (Dad is 83 years old and suffering pain in his left foot of indeterminate cause).  Podiatrist recommended a specific brand and model of shoe.  Dad isn't much of a "shop around" type so we called Omega.I'm very impressed with Tony Weaver!  Tony took a lot of time with Dad, measuring his feet for correct fit and adjusting the shoes and orthotics for maximum comfort.  If you're having foot problems, I'd definitely go to Tony.Merchandise did seem a bit pricey - but I doubt that you'd get that kind of service at a superstore.Mom and I also enjoyed their selection of "Life Is Good" merchandise.
3	If I wanted to get a present for a female that you don't know that well, then I would purchase it here.  This is a superstore of fragrances, bath oils, and soaps.  They do have good deals from time to time, but the store is overwhelming.  It is like a Goliath version of Bath and Body Works.  Originality is the best bet when it comes to gift giving, so I would go somewhere that identifies with a particular person's personality, rather than a copout bar of soap.  Pampered housewives with money to burn would enjoy this mega shop.
2	I was a little disappointed with Omega Sports to be honest. I'm not a big fan of the large chain sporting good stores (Sports Authority, Dick's) & thought this place might be a nice change from those. But I was wrong, this is basically the same type of place, just smaller with bigger prices.They didn't seem to have a vast selection of anything, because they try to sell everything, if that makes sense. They have footwear, college apparel, tennis rackets, fitness apparel, baseball goods, so on & so on. But by their store being limited in size, trying to sell goods for every single sport leaves you with less room to have a big selection within each category. So the items are watered down & they can't specialize in having unique items for every sport, just your basic goods. But I will say the service here seems friendly & willing to help, even though I wasn't in the buying mood.Omega Sports seems like a locally owned sporting goods store trying to directly compete with the big chain sporting good stores. I hate to say it, but they just seem like a smaller, more run down version of these stores with nothing really intriguing to entice customers away from the big chains. If you're looking for a basic sporting good item they'll probably have what you're looking for, but don't expect a vast selection of things.
4	I actually worked for Omega Sports for a little over six months back in 2004 and to this day I know more about sporting goods than the average sporting goods store employee. What most people don't know about Omega is that they do a great job of training and testing their employees on the technical aspects of sporting goods. Especially when it comes to shoes and how different shoes address different foot problems. Omega is like a specialty running shoe store that's more interested in finding the perfect shoe for a person than in making as much money as they can off of a customer. The only reason I don't give them four stars is that the education and testing is not a requirement for employees, so you have to make sure that you speak to someone who is properly trained. Just ask for Tony Weaver and you should be all set.
3	If i were to judge a book by its cover, i would have avoided Omega altogether. To me, it appeared to be an old sports store that was past its prime. The inside surprised me in that it felt much fresher than i had imagined. While the overall selection isn't overwhelming, we did walk out with several things purchased for what i thought was reasonable prices. Then again, we may have just bought stuff because the wife doesn't know how to walk out of a store without something. However, i didn't abhorrently oppose any of her purchases, so it must have been alright. Everyone we encountered was friendly, although not convincingly knowledgeable. Overall, if you have something in mind you're looking for, might as well check it out.
4	I had high hopes going here since it's right next door to an awesome outdoor sporting goods store and Omega Sports did not disappoint.  Right away I found a couple pair of Nike tempo track shorts that I had to have since they actually had a wide variety of colors to choose from.  When I go to Dick's Sporting Goods they usually only have boring colors or they'll have an entire rack full of the color I want but only in size XXL.  Next I moved on to the shoe section where I found a pair of my favorite Nike Vomero running shoes on clearance for about $30 less than the going rate online.  Then I ended up sifting through the bathing suits and found a cute, good quality suit that was marked down 50%.  The employees were all very helpful and knowledgeable.  They have a treadmill set up in the corner.  I'm assuming this is to analyze your gait and determine what type of shoe is best for you but I didn't get to see it in action.When I got to the counter the manager offered to give me a pretty good discount if I bought a second pair of the shoes I was already buying.  She only had one pair left in the store in the same size and she wanted to get rid of them.  I probably would've taken the bait had the shoes not already been a 1/2 size too big.  I will definitely be back to hunt for more treasures soon.
3	If Dick's Sporting Goods had a non-chain baby, Omega Sports would be it. Situated in the Park Rd. Shopping Center, this store carries just a bit of gear for varying sports, genders and ages. The Good: It's a local store with friendly employees. They carry a smattering of everything - running gear, shoes of all kinds, volleyball shorts, tennis bags and rackets, tape, and much more. Prices are reasonable and you'll find sales for the varying demographics here, too. You'll also see a treadmill by the running shoes where they can assess your running style & gait to fit you for shoes. The Meh: If you're searching for something specific - as in color, size, brand, you may not find it here. This is a specialty store so naturally they  don't carry *tons* of inventory. Even when I looked at a wide range of running tops they only had large and xl. So, if you have a general idea of what you're looking for in the sporting world, Omega Sports could be a solid place to try.
3	WIth a BOGO half-priced sale going on virtually anytime you arrive here, it is a bargain.  While their prices do seem to be slightly less than Dick's, the selection is minimal, and their kid's section is almost non-existent.  So, as great of a deal as one might find here, it is hard when there is not much merchandise to choose from.
5	I have used omega for years for my running shoes.they are very helpful and the prices are great. I get all of my kids sport shots there now too.they are definitely better priced than the kids shoe stores.
1	This is summary of an email I sent to the manager regarding the quality of customer service at the Omega Sport store in Park Road Shopping Center in Charlotte, NC. No response so I'm leaving a review here for potential customers to see. Thank you.8/4/13. My wife entered your store today at about 5:40 pm, and looked around for about 10 minutes. She was looking for a pair of shoes for an upcoming trip. During this time, (2) employees were tending to (2) other customers. My wife was not acknowledged in any way. She had found a particular sports shoe and had requested from one of the employees the other pair in that size. After the employee returned with the shoe, my wife was then again ignored. My wife tried them on, but felt very bad because she was not given the same attention as the other customers, or any attention for that matter that a customer requires, and she left. She came home and reported the occurrence to me.She later went to another store, and purchased (2) pairs of shoes. Due to the lack of good service at Omega Sports, they lost our business, and future business.
4	If you're in the mood to spend a lot of money on some running shoes, then Omega is the spot for you. That said, they seem very knowledgeable. When my daughter started getting some foot pain after working out on the treadmill at the gym, her doctor suggested giving one of these higher end shoe stores a first shot.So we did. The two ladies who helped us really seemed to know what they were talking about. Whether or not they really did know it, or they were just good at giving us the run around (pun!), I don't know for sure. But my daughter now has some $120 shoes and she's back in the gym.I'd suggest getting your first pair here and once you know what's good, you might be able to find them much less expensively on Amazon or Zappos.
