5	Just south of the state line not far off of the Carowinds exit lies one of the Charlotte region's hidden gems, Ann Springs Close Greenway.  The term "greenway" here is used as meaning a "nature preserve", unlike the most of the greenways in Charlotte which are paths along creeks.  ASC Greenway is a 2300 acre privately owned nature preserve, owned by the Springs/Close family.  They made a fortune in textiles (we have some Springs towels in our house) but merged with a Brazilian compnay a few years ago and most, if not all, of their local mills are now closed.  As development was beginning to encroach the area, the family decided to leave this piece of earth to be undeveloped - and to also be used as education for nature and the environment.The headquarters of the Leroy Springs & Company www.leroysprings.com is an old house dating back to the 1700s and was once occupied by the family.  It's the type of house that looks like it would be haunted and you'd see on Ghost Hunters.  The house sits at one of several entrances to the greenway.  This is the one near the "dairy barn".  Springs Farms used to sell milk, and this is where the cows were.  Though you can still see a few cows roaming in the field, the dairy barn has been converted and is now used for hosting events - including weddings.  There are also some horses, goats, donkeys, and mules near this entrance.The greenway has many trails - all of which are open for walking, and some which are shared for horses and mountain bikes.  There are a few lakes, one with a nice one mile trail to walk around, campsites, animals, historic buildings, creeks, a small nature center, the original "Nation Ford" road which was a covered wagon trail, and a lot more.  There are often kids events, bird watching walks, and other events like their annual Earth Day celebration which is each April (the ASC Greenway opened on Earth Day so it's also their birthday).Daily admission is a mere $3 for adults.  At most entrances, you put your cash or check in a pre-printed envelope and tear of the tab with numbers that match the envelope, and place said envelope in a drop box.  One of the entrances is also usually staffed.  The daily admission gets you unlimited access to the trails, but you must be a member to fish.  Also, the only entrance for bikes is behind the Leroy Springs Rec Center which is a little further into Fort Mill.ASC Greenway is an absolutely beautiful nature preserve with a lot of history in it.  I'm glad it is very close to mi casa, and I never get tired of going there.  You can easily spend a day here hiking, biking, etc, so pack a picnic and go check it out.
5	Donated by the Springs family, the Greenway is 2300 acres of beautiful nature to be enjoyed by all.  Located in Fort Mill, the Greenway offers guests the space to mountain bike, hike, jog, camp, canoe, fish, or ride horses on the many trails offered.The Greenway charges a single day fee of $3 and monthly and yearly passes are also offered.  The Greenway is open at 7 AM and closes around dusk.I love going to the Greenway!  It's always nice to get a breath of fresh air...and there's alot of fresh air to be had at the Greenway.  Bring your dog for a walk.  Take your kids on a nature exploration.  Take some horseback riding lessons.  No matter how you choose to use this beautifully preserved bed of nature, you're sure to enjoy yourself!Try:  A smaller hike with the familyAvoid:  Three-Leaf plants
5	This is a great place for a hike or a trail-ride and very affordable too. I know someone who had a wedding in the barn (yep, she's a horse person).  The barn wedding & reception would have been ok (it's a really nice barn) except that at the time it wasn't air-conditioned and was a litte too warm.   If you are not into barn nuptials, the Greenway still has lots to offer!
5	Count me in as a raving fan. This is 30 minutes from my house and when my wife and I want to hike, the choices are slim. The greenway in Charlotte isn't really hiking, Cane Creek is kind of creepy and Kings Mountain is a bit out of the way for us. This hits the spot. Lots of history, great historic buildings, NOT crowded, in minutes we were on a trail by ourselves and able to enjoy the beauty of the area. The best part, is they receive NO tax dollars. All supported by donations and contributions. We will be regulars.
5	We are so lucky to have a spot like this to enjoy with our kids! We have been out for Earth Day, the Fall Festival and many random trips in between and just love being surrounded by the (mostly) untouched natural setting.
5	We tent camped,mtn biked,hiked did it all.  Had a big time will be back.The mountainbike trails were awesome.  all the people we met were nice friendlyhelpful.
5	went back mtn biking again loved it, was a bit muddy but we have had a lotta rain...the staff was great to speak with, and was even watching some guys dog. ..while he was mtn biking!!!  I hope he gave her something (a nice tip) will be back with my bike any time  I am here..Loved it!!!! trails need better markings only negative.
5	A hidden gem with relaxing scenic views, historic homes and plenty of walking trails. I was very surprised with how large an area this park encompasses, and so you would want to be prepared if you plan to visit. Great place for families and couples. Quiet and not over crowded. My husband and I went to this place on Saturday afternoon and we couldn't ask for a better place to unwind from the busy life and connect with nature, one on one.
5	What can you say negative about this place? Miles of waking, Mtn biking, and equestrian trails. Combine that with a small creek, a few ponds, some primitive camp sites with a bath house, and a few additional bonuses and you have a great place to spend the day, afternoon or simply an hour. Very lucky to live within 5 minutes of this jewel. Highly recommend this place especially for families!
4	I keep wanting to call this place Anne of Green Gables...it just fits and if you ever saw that movie or read those books you would see how the two paralell..This place was just so....GREEN!  It was so beautiful and walking past the dairy farm sealed the deal for me on the whole experience.  There are so many different trails/loops so you can just wander around for hours if you so choose.  The walking bridge, the huge lakes, creeks, trails, etc.  It is just perfect for walking/hiking, bike riding, taking the dogs for a run, etc. It is simply peaceful and beautiful here.  I will definitely be back over and over!
5	I drive by this place every single day going to work.  For the past 8 years I've always said, "I need to stop in here and check it out".  I did today.  I put my big boy pants on and decided to go for a walk / hike with my family and friends.I'm glad I did.  What a great spot....we entered at the trailhead at the parking lot, picked up a map and went exploring.  There are many different trails at the main location that you can choose some just hiking, some bikes and horses.  They give you the mileage and away we went.We walked for a few hours.....we encountered spiders, snakes and a lot of mountain bikers which was all great.  We had so much fun.  Funny, when you're walking you forget that this place is not far from a roadway since it is such a great spot of land.They ask for a donation to use the facilities but the box to put the $$ is wide open and not locked so I didn't feel comfortable leaving my $$ and info on an envelope, they should probably change that.  It was a gorgeous day, we got outside and had an absolute blast
5	So beautiful! My New Year's Resolution for 2014 was to make Charlotte really feel like home. Part of this plan was to find various trails, parks, greenways and get more familiar with them to appreciate where I live. One of those outings was to this gem. Anne Springs Close Greenway, like others have noted, is just a short car ride south of Charlotte in South Carolina. If you are a resident of South Carolina, I think you can get a membership or get in for free. If you aren't, like me, bring some cash and pay the entry fee. Bring a picnic and take your time strolling the trail. You'll pass by some old homesteads, one of which belonged to Billy Graham's grandfather. This was an ideal spot to take my mom and mother-in-law. They loved it! You can also bring your pup, but make sure you bring doggie bags to clean up behind him. It's an ideal location to take your family portraits; it is picturesque with open fields, wooden cabins, or fields of horses. When my husband and I were there we saw many families posing and getting great rustic shots and I'm sure their holiday cards look picture perfect. There is also a barn that can be rented out for weddings, receptions, or other events. The outside is super cute, but the inside is basic. I'm sure it's that way to allow people to decorate it for any occasion.
