4	I went for dinner tonight and had the gyro pita with rice. I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. It was quick and hot and very fresh!  It seems to be family owned and ran and that is a huge plus for me. The only thing ... And it's not that big a deal but I asked for no lettuce and it had lettuce on it. It wasn't shredded so it was super easy to pull off. I really wanted to try their hummus but I will save that for next time.  Hmm...maybe I'll go back tonight for the pita and hummus!  Lol
5	The best Gyros I have ever tasted!  The meat is fresh and so are the veggies, pita everything.  The owners are sweet and willing to please to your palette.  Also have a great tasting fries and sodas too!
4	Was driving through FV and had to stop for gas, right at the gas station there was a few little restaurants including Munich Gyros.  The decor inside was spartan to say the least.  Hopefully they just haven't had time to put ANYTHING up on the walls.  I opted for the hummus/gyros appetizer, my wife the greek salad.  Both portions were generous and we both enjoyed them. Pricing was fair.  They just need to work on the ambience.  Good for carry out or fast food.
5	Just had lunch there today. The gyros sandwich is excellent, the man who works the front is so friendly and on top of keeping the restaurant neat and the tables cleared. Great value for the sandwich, fries and coke. good food, great value. Love the pita bread they use. Keep up the good work.
5	We love this little restaurant.  Found it when it had just opened, and try to get back often.  The food is excellent and the folks that own the place are delightful.We would highly recommend.
5	so good, I've been coming here since they opened 4 months ago!!! delicious chicken pitas, the hummus is the best I've ever tasted and the gyros are out of this world with that homemade tzaziki sauce. very friendly staff and the owner is just the sweetest plus they now have watercolors up for sale it looks like a gallery in there!!! get down there for the best and I mean best gyros in Arizona!!!
5	What a welcome surprise in Fountain Hills!   Fresh, homemade hummus, excellent Greek salad and the best Gyros in the Valley.  Add the seasoned steak fries and its a home run.  Service is outstanding and the family atmosphere makes me want to return as often as possible.
5	The food was delicious and inexpensive, the employees were friendly and helpful, and the atmosphere was great! If we ever end up in Fountain Hills again, I will definitely be returning.
5	Awesome gyros. Great people.
4	I was in Fountain Hills doing a project for work and stopped here for lunch. The dining area is small, but well laid out.  Everything was nice and clean, including the restroom. The employee who took my order was friendly and helpful. Last but not least, the food was delicious. I had the Chicken Pita Gyros, which was very flavorful. I will definitely stop by again the next time I'm out this way.
5	A wonderful new place to eat in Fountain Hills. Wonderful gyros with a very friendly owner and staff. I've eaten here 20 times and it is always delicious!
5	We are always looking for a good place near the house to carry out from.  Munich meets all the criteria.  Good food, quick and reasonably priced.  We had the combo of chicken and gyro meat. It came with a Greek salad, Humus and pita.  We phoned our order in, and Morgan was great on the phone and said our order would be ready in 10 minutes.  She was true to her word.  When we got home everything tasted great.  The portions were so big, I will be having it for lunch again tomorrow!  I have a feeling we will be regulars at Munich!
5	Great Fresh Greek Food! alway friendly service, it's my top notch spot for a gyro if i'm in the area. family owned and operated. And you can tell they put love into the food. it's a great hole in the wall place to visit or get it to go.Newly remodeled, super clean and comfy. I love this place. The food and service has never let me down for a second. Stop by and support this amazing locally owned business!
5	Just had the Philly Gryo with their "Super hot sauce" and it was fantastic! We need more places like this is in the valley!!!
5	I am a long-time fan of Greek food, so of course I had to stop at Munich Gyros. It is such a nice, friendly, very clean restaurant! The food is so absolutely fresh & good! I have tried gyros all over the USA, but none as good as Munich Gyros. Their prices are reasonable & you won't leave hungry for sure!
4	I grew up in a very Greek community outside of Chicago.  I know Greek food, I was raised going to the Greek diners and Greektown in Chicago.  I can't review any food other than the gyros because I have never made it past that menu item.  The meat is perfectly spiced and roasted.  The posts are soft and hold together pretty well, which is saying something because the stuff them full.  There is a perfect ratio of meat to onions, lettuce, tomatoes and taziki sauce.  Get the gyro special because the thick cut fries are fantastic as well.  They bring back fond memories of home.  The restaurant is always spotless and the owner and staff are very friendly.  We will be making this a permanent stop.  My only complaint is the location.  The corner is always super busy with traffic coming and going in several directions at once; filling gas at circle k, going to McDonald's, as well as Redendo's and Senior Taco.  I see several near misses every time I go.
5	Great Gyros. Food prepared fast and good service. Also like the grape leaves. Price is a bit higher then some other places but close to home so evens out.
5	Stopped by here for a quick snack on the way to Scottsdale after hearing the rave reviews. I only ordered the gyro. It was around 4:20 so there weren't many people there, and I was the only one in line to order. It came out very quickly and I had it to go. It was delicious! The pita was the best I've ever had, it was warm, crispy, and very flavorful. The meat was very good, and juicy. And the tzatziki was fresh and just really great. Overall, everything was great and fresh. We will definitely be back here if we're ever in Fountain Hills again. Actually, it's worth the drive anyways... definitely recommended
4	Too far to go again, but I would if I had a reason for heading back to Fountain Hills. Best Chicken Grilled Gyro I've had in a while!!!
3	Wow- I had such high hopes for this place after the reviews and my first visit.  1st time (maybe a week ago)- massive chicken gyro, very good flavor and very good price.  Second time we got it to go, a little smaller gyro, still very good price.  Then I went there yesterday got a much smaller than the 1st time  (but still flavorful) gyro, and their prices just went up 20%.  Boo, will motivate me to cook at home more.
5	I've had gyros on the east coast in North Carolina and when I saw this place I hoped it would serve good food.  This is a mom and pop shop serving fresh gyros I've ordered the lamb one twice.  They are very friendly.  The food is fresh all the time the fries with the gyro were mouth scolding hot!  A great place a gyro and fries for around $7.00 delicious too!  A nice little place for lunch or dinner.
5	This place has excellent food.  Loved my gyro!  The place doesn't look cute from the outside, but it is nice inside and the people are very friendly.  We liked the fries too.  Next time I want to get the hummus.  We will be back often.  It is worth checking out!
4	A very authentic Greek/Mediterranean restaurant - great fast food! I had the chicken gyro, mounds of moist seasoned chicken, garlic/lemon/oregano, in a warm toasty fluffy pita, taziki, lettuce and red onions, was very delicious.  Greek salad of cucumbers, feta, olives and citrus vinaigrette, was very fresh.  Sister had the falafel pita, hot crispy, homemade falafels, spiced so well, in the warm pita and taziki sauce.  We also had the hummus, again home made and delicious, creamy, hint of garlic and a splash of olive oil.  Portions are huge and the sandwiches come with a combo deal with a soda and fries or Greek salad for a very reasonable price.  Workers/owners are very friendly, we had no room for dessert/baklava, which looked delicious as well.  Located in the back of a gas station, so don't miss this restaurant.
4	Really excellent Mediterranean-style food! Very clean operation (front and back of the house), and very consistent on food quality.
5	If you want a "10" Angus Beef Burger with delicious thick steak fries, then this is the place to go!  The patties are placed on the grill with a big cooking lid over them to not only cook them from underneath but also on top too!  You get 2 big patties on a delicious bun with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and cheese, if you want it!  The steak fries are thick and yummy! You could easily split this meal for it is HUGE!  But, go ahead!  Have one all by yourself!  Enjoy!
5	I love Munich Gyros!  I live in Fountain Hills and the owners of this restaurant are top notch!  They truly care about their customers and want to provide the best, most authentic food possible.  They are friendly and fast, and the food is cooked fresh to order!  Good to go, and they have a small recently remodeled dining room.  Highly recommend!  Pita and hummus great!
5	Stopped in for lunch and ordered a Gyro.  Service was fast and friendly.  Food was delicious.  If you are in the mood for a Gyro definitely worth the trip to fountain hills.
5	Found yet another sparkling gem in the Hills!I always assumed this place was pushing franks with perhaps Greek sides solely based on the name alone. I don't really like hot dogs so I always bypassed. So glad I tried the other night.I had the Mixed Gyro entree and these guys hit it out if the park! Homemade pita bread served with very generous amounts of chicken and beef. Spices were divine! They served my plate with Tzatziki sauce and hummus - to die for!!!Can't wait to go back!Way to make this meal better? Have 2 Grecian Gods named Orion and Adonis feed me by hand while lying on a chaise lounge. And they're wearing small (faux) animal pelts across their privates. Oh, and they can fan me with olive tree branches too.
5	So excited to find this delicious spot to close to our home! Stopped here after work to grab take out and everything came out hot, fresh and amazing. We had the philly gyro, which was the best, a chicken and steak entree plate, falafel and baklava. It was all excellent, and we will definitely be back!
5	Decided to update this review simply because this place is fantastic. The food is always amazing and more importantly, it's very consistent! We go here every time we drive through Fountain hills
5	Great small neighborhood place with delicious gyros and Mediterranean specialties. The gyro plate included a good portion of meat along with a side salad, humus and sauce. Very tasty.Restaurant is very clean and the staff very attentive
5	I've eaten gyros pretty much everywhere in AZ and this place is up there for one of the best!
5	Best Greek food in the Scottsdale/Fountain Hills area. Best value. The combo gyro comes with fries and a coke but you can get their wonderful Greek salad (enough to share) if you ask instead of the fries. Not just gyros. An extensive menu and everything is good. Highly recommended.
