3	Grade: C-Triangle-shaped fish fillets served on Styrofoam plates. Good greasy Hushpuppies and cold beer. Good service and prices.
3	this place is not bad, in fact i rather liked it. the prices are good and the food is decent. i rather go here than a big chain where i would pay more for similar food. There's a bar area and a section with tables. Definitely a mixed crowd-young singles, EMTs on a break, middle aged singles, older couples, and families. kinda cool. the Village Green offers new glarus and cap brewery on tap, as well as other stuff i cant remember. We were there on a Saturday night and my husband got the special, double cheeseburger with fries for $6.95. I just got the regular burger, and it was about $3.50. the burgers looked like the frozen variety, but they were kinda tasty, really.  schlitz in a can $2 all the time, big screen tvfor me a downside was that the place was a little smoky, i guess there isn't a smoking ban in this city yet, however, it is possible to sit outside. the server was pleasant and efficient.cash only
4	Classic neighborhood bar.  Good strong drinks at good prices. I think the bar food is great (try the spudsters!)
4	Wandered in to the Village Green after a hard day at the office.  Sat at the bar, quizzed the bartender about a few things and ultimately tried a bunch of the "specialties."Service?  Top notch.  The bartender was ON - never missed a beat, never left our glasses empty, and was very helpful.  5+ stars.Drinks? Limited tap selection, although they have a few interesting items: Great Lakes Ale and Esthers Best were two that stood out as fun and not what you'd normally find at a more mainstream location.  They also have daily drink specials - we tried the Lemon Smash (hand squeezed (with each drink) lemonade + vodka) and the Whiskey Old Fashioned Sour.  Both were great.Food? We tried the famous chili - meaty, slightly spicy, and delish.  Not the best I've ever had, but not bad by any means.  We tried the vegetable beef soup - hearty, loaded with veggies, and the meat was tender and of good quality.  For our entrees, we went a bit conservative - grilled chicken salads - but they were huge and tasty.  Fresh, fresh, fresh veggies - the tomatoes were wonderful as were the onions (red, and soooo sweet).  The salad was definitely an unexpected surprise - I'd get it again in a heartbeat!  Our dining companion ordered some chicken strips which he requested be tossed in their hot wings sauce.  The result?  Wow - tasty, especially if you're a fan of vinegar-based wing sauce that packs a bit of a kick.  Really, really good.So, we'll definitely be back - I'm becoming a huge fan of the "local" places, and the Village Green is definitely a "local" place.  I can't wait to try a burger or to enjoy some of their other drink specials.Village Green = WINFood = 3.75 starsService = 5 starsValue = 2.75 stars (a bit pricey; $35 for 2 with drinks)Overall = 3.75 - 4 stars (atmosphere, service, general vibe, selection = big boost)
5	Yummy food! Great service! Family friendly atmosphere! Great Prices!
3	Went there with the family for Friday which in Wisconsin means fish fry.Overall, good.  It was nice to seeing the cooks preparing your food. Who knows what those cooks do in those kitchens.Fish was good, batter was a little heavy.  Only potato option was fries-boo.Otherwise, good.  No complaints.
3	Quaint little townie spot downtown Middleton.  Nice divey spot for a beer.  Inside smells like old people and moth balls, but they have outdoor seating.  The menu is very bar foodish, but they make it very well.  The chili wasn't the best, but it was good, and the fish sandwich was quite good.  That's right, I had chili and a fish sandwich, a strange combo.
5	I've been living in Middleton for about 9 months now, and I'm giving the Village Green five stars for being excellent at what it is: a small, local bar with great service and interesting patrons.To us, the Village Green is the place we go when we want to get out of the house for a drink and some company. Once you've been there a few times, everyone who works there begins to recognize you and seems glad to see you. They have a small menu of yummy fried items (Spudsters!), great burgers and sandwiches, and daily specials (love the French Dip on Wednesdays). All the food is cooked right behind the bar, and they keep their cooking equipment impeccably clean. They make good drinks and have a small but respectable selection of draft beers that meet the needs of both craft beer lovers and Miller Lite-types. Bartenders are not afraid to do a shot of whiskey with you, and many of the regular patrons will buy you a drink if you chat with them. The Green is owned by two brothers who are almost always there, cooking or bartending. The place is closed on Sundays, and rarely stays open past midnight - it's just not that sort of bar. Go across the street to Hody for late-night drinking. Any other time though, I promise you'll find the company much more enjoyable at Village Green.
3	First and foremost, their burgers are INCREDIBLE and that is reason enough to go check it out! I would actually give this place a 3.5 if that were possible. I docked it because it has a limited menu with mostly fried food, not many healthy dining options, but then again I'm not sure why anyone would go there for anything other than a burger. It is also definitely a dive, the bathrooms are a little scary, but the burger ranks right up there with the best in the Madison area.
1	After the hype about their burgers I was really looking forward to trying the food here. The meh: The hushpuppies were 1/2 way decent, but nothing extraordinary. Edible. No honey offered with them though.The ugh: With the all of the acclaim their burgers get, you would think that they were doing something special here. They aren't. The burgers are frozen patties and look like they're right from Sysco. The reason that people are probably saying they're so good is because the patties aren't cooked within an inch of a briquette. Normally I would say that's a good thing, but when you're making me a burger from an unknown origin handled by who knows how many people....needless to say, medium rare frozen beef patty is doesn't = amazing burger in my book. I can't say that I would visit again. There are far too many amazing hamburgers on the west side made with real beef from local butchers to waste my time with this place.UPDATE: I've spoken with a couple of people that are thinking it may be a fluke that I ended up with frozen patties the time I was there. Apparently they have a machine there that they make their patties with. I'm going to have to revisit in the near future to investigate.
4	A total dive but the burgers are seriously amazing. Bar tenders were friendly and the beer (limited) was cheap.
5	BEST. ITALIAN BEEF. EVER!  AND, Samantha ROCKS!!!
5	Great food. Friendly staff. No complaints.
4	As many yelpers have said perfectly...the Village Green is the idealistic neighborhood tap.  I hadn't been in over 10 years, and walking back in the place looked exactly the same.  Some would call it a bad thing, but I find it endearing.  We've been back a few times now and love going with friends for a casual Friday night.  Great specials (love the Friday fish...but be prepared to eat only fried food).  My all-time favorite is their summer sausage reuben...if you love reubens you cannot go wrong with this jewel!  Fries are always hot and fresh and service is always friendly.  One of Middleton's best kept local secrets!
4	Want a burger?  Go here!  Price is a little on the high side for some of their dishes, but if your looking for a casual place to grab a beer and burger, this is the place.
3	A bit awkward. Kind of like the snack bar at a summer camp. Very nice people in there and the drinks were good. Decor was lacking, but I cant fault it much for that.
4	Hard to pass up the Road Kill Burrito.  Ask for the bucket of sauces.It was as good as when I tried it ten years ago as it was last week.I don't think much has changed around here in 30 years, but that is definitely part of the charm.  I have heard the fish fry is good, but I have never been there on a Friday night.  Lunch crowd has a lot of regular guys, quick and friendly service, prompt and hot food.  Don't go looking for the lobster.  Go for the specials, burgers, beer or the burrito!
4	I love the small town bar feel. Good food, nice tap selection. Very comfy.
5	"The Green" has the best burgers in the Madison area.  It's simple bar food, but done perfectly.  They know what they are doing here and they are doing it good.  The Nachos are pretty awesome too.  They deep fry tortillas for the chips.  If you can, get a spot at the bar.  It's good times.  I don't eat fish, but some of my friends and my girlfriend do, and they like the fish fry on Fridays.  I'll stick to my cheeseburger.
4	The Village Green is a Wisconsin bar with Packer memorabilia, formica tables and mismatched chairs, and better than average food.  It wasn't the best burger I've ever had and the fries and mushrooms were frozen.  The corned beef sandwich was fresh but not fantastic.   But it was adequate and I'd return if I had a hankering for WI bar food.  I felt like I'd been here before the minute I walked in - the menu and atmosphere were indistinguishable from other taverns I'd been to.  Their tap beer selection was good and its obvious they do a lot of business.  If this is what you are looking for, they do it well!
5	Excellent Friday fish fry!  Their beer batter fish is crisp,tasty, and not at all greasy.  The hush puppies were equally good, but the fries could use some work. Our waiter had a great personality and not only provided good service, but interesting trivia such as the fact that our meal had been prepared by Steve Miller's son (of The Steve Miller Band fame).    Reasonable prices, nice-sized portions, good service, and really good food--we'll be back!
4	This place is awesome for what it is, a very friendly, neighborhood tavern.  The food is mostly fried and greasy but served with a little slice of love.  The specials are excellent and the value is top notch.  Want to watch a game?  They have a few big TV's and are very accommodating.  If you are looking for high-end, posh dinning, this isn't your place.  Madison has plenty of excellent choices in that department.  This place is homey and will serve you a solid burger and fries, with a starter of wings and variety of homemade soups for a pretty good price.  Come in and see these guys, they do it right.
4	Great old school bar. Burgers are fantastic. The service is good .the price point is good for Middleton. Will be going back again.
5	The very definition of a Wisconsin bar.  Good food and they make one of the best old fashioneds I've ever had.  I wish they were open on Sundays too.
5	Its Friday night...cold and snowing.   What  is there to do? Head to the Village Green.   Enjoy the Friday fish fry and yes, an ice cold beer.   So lets start with the service.   It was very good.   I walked in at 5:06pm, was immediatly greeted and placed my order within a few minutes.        By 5:10pm I had 3 pieces of hot cod, french fries, 2 hush puppies and coleslaw.   The meal was better then expected and exceeded expectations.   The Village Green is a traditional Wisconsin Tavern that has great service.   I am looking forward to next Friday already!   I forgot to mention that they have a decent selection of on tap beer.   I tried the Winter Skull, pretty smooth!
5	As others have already stated, I am rating this for what it is...a bar and grill, not a fancy 5-Diamond restaurant.I chose the bacon cheese burger with grilled onions and some french fries; absolutely delicious!  The burger is juicy and tasty...I add some ketchup and mustard for good measure!  I sat in the bar area and had no problem getting service.  The bartender is quick and attentive; the place was packed and one bartender had the bar crowd and the sitting area crowd.  I also ordered a Capital Winter on tap and it was poured perfectly!I have been in the area for three years and I consistently return to the Village Green as the best burger in the area.  I like the simplicity of the burger and bun.  The meat is delicious and the bacon adds that extra umph!!!!  Also they have nightly specials and I try to target Tuesday (Sloppy Joes) and Thursday (Road Kill Burrito)...both are great!Quick, consistent service, very tasty food and a friendly atmosphere; you cannot go wrong.
3	I've been told they are known for their burgers, but their menu hosts a smattering of great bar foods. Chicken wings, chili, seafood gumbo, fish, chicken in many forms, salads, and even some kids menu options.  I decided to try their cheese curds (great!) and the friday fish fry.  The hush puppies were too dry.  I'd recommend staying away from those.  The fish was good, but the next visit will be their burger.
5	If you're looking for a super fancy place, keep looking...this is your typical neighborhood tavern and it made me feel like I was back home in the Milwaukee area.  The best burgers in Madison...hands down!  Good fries and cheese curds too...they had a number of other dishes that sounded yummy too.  Super friendly staff.  We will definitely be back!
5	The Village Green, I call it the VG for very good. If you want a good greasy burger, crispy golden fries, non-greasy crunchy cheese curds, a nice selection of local brews on tap and fast friendly service this place is for you.
3	This is an OK place for Friday Night Fish Fry.  My daughter likes the Hush Puppies and Spudsters.  There is no choice of fish - you get deep-fried cod or nothing. The price is reasonable and the waitstaff is friendly.
5	Go soft and juicy burgers!  I dream and crave these burgers.  Basic cheese burger with pickles and they special mustard.
5	Love the food Its a perfect place to chill Trust me You will Love everything thats on the menu Burgers Amazing Wings sooo good Sauce is really good Beers just rightSweet potato fries are out of blunts .
4	The Village Green is a Classic Small Town Tavern... That's that. The Double Cheeseburger came on a soft white bun. The patties were well seasoned - something many burger joints can't seem to figure out. My burger came with American cheese. Although I could have specified Swiss or Pepper Jack - but I'm glad I didn't. The Village Green burgers sort of yearn for American Cheese. I ordered my burger medium-rare and Bazinga... It actually came medium-rare. If you follow my reviews, you understand that I'm a stickler for properly cooked burgers. Few burger joints get this right - So when they do, it's worth noting. Companion had a Bacon Cheeseburger. She claimed it was tasty... Given companion isn't really a bacon cheeseburger sort of gal, this was high praise. Although she did enjoy it with the Classic Wisconsin cocktail, an Old Fashioned. Said cocktail may have improved  her review.
5	Went there often as a child and loved it! Went back again with my son and both had burgers. Same awesome taste as I remember as a child! I haven't been there for 10 years and seemed like just yesterday I was there... friendly staff and still a pinball machine!!
