4	How can you tell if a business does a good job? If it's busy! I've only been to Aardbark 3 times but each time I go (middle of the day, weekday) it's packed. I love the 2 shop kitties... every business should have a couple mascots... and my cocker, who hates baths, at least likes to walk in the door and be greeted by the friendliest (and fattest) Siamese I've ever seen. They do a good job, don't cost much and are always friendly.
3	I am going to start tentatively with a 3 star.... I have used Aardbark a few times. The 1st time they did a great job with our dog & the cut they gave her. I did walk in specifically saying that I wanted the same cut as one of the dogs on their website... they weren't quite sure of it but looked it up & the end result was close. Since then, we have felt the service go down a little... when we walk in they say "same as before?" - we say yes & it has ended up a little different each time. Also the people there seem like we are bothering them when we go back to pick her up. They yell from the back & say "who for?" & we yell back her name. Then they yell "$36 dollars" & then don't get up for a few seconds which are awkward while we stand there with our cash out because BTW they don't take credit cards. After they retrieved her this last time (hence this review), they bring her out & they have chopped off her ear hair. I asked why & one worker yelled to the other one - "why are her ears cut off?"  I heard a voice from behind the wall stating.... ummm ummm - so I tried to save her & ask were they matted? She yelled back "yes they were matted". I thanked them & gave them a not so great tip & walked out. The kicker is that we had brushed her everyday before taking her in because we knew she was a little over due, so I know for a fact that she WASN'T matted and I'm not sure what happened, but honesty would have been the best policy if something went wrong or she misbehaved accidentally. We do want to give them another chance because, to be honest, for the price they do a pretty good job most of the time. So this review is kind of hard for me & I don't want it to be bad but at this time I can't be 100% on board. Please, please, please Aardbark don't let us down!!
4	We took our little girl back for her grooming maintenance today. Same gal cut her, but this time we gave some slight pre-instructions/requests AND they listened! She looked great & we were once again happy with Aardbark Grooming & would now recommend them. It seems like with any good relationship.... communication was the key! Thanks - that deserves an upgraded rating! Yay :)
5	We have been taking our dogs to Aardbark for over 10 years now and I wouldn't go anywhere else. Shelly always grooms our dogs and I know they are always going to be treated very well when I drop them off. I've been to other groomers before Aardbark and a lot of times they wouldn't take the time to brush the dogs out. At Aardbark, even if your dog is in bad need of grooming and brushing, they take their time, they don't shave off all the hair, but actually brush them out. I know my dogs will be well taken care of when I drop them off and will come back nice and clean and nicely groomed!
1	My husband and I found Aardbark online and thoght we would try them out. We live very close by and we love to support local businesses. I would never ever in a million years take a dog here! My little mutt mix was terrified! He's been groomed many times before and I guess his intuition told him something. The staff was difficult and very rude. We picked up our dog and he hadn't even gotten a haircut! But we were charged for one. Instead of calling us saying they weren't able to shave our dog, they went ahead and just bathed him, shaved half of his butt and charged us full price! I understand that dogs can be difficullt but come on! All I have to say is that they must be doing something weird cause I've never seen my little guy so upset.
1	AWFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!  Seem to employ under-experienced groomers, has poor, very poor customer service.... they couldn't even call me when my pet was done because they never asked me for my information let alone any record of my dog's last vaccinations! I would NOT TRUST AARDBARK GROOMERS!!!!!
4	Really solid establishment. Dogs always look great and seem to enjoy the cuts. They would be a 5 if they took credit cards.
5	Love this place! Holly does the best job on my Bichon Frise; been a client for about 18 months. Actually tried another place a friend recommended - they were terrible! My Bichon came home looking like a poodle! :(  Will never stray again! They offer fast & friendly service - my dog is usually ready to go within 3-4 hours from drop off. Highly recommend!
5	Symonn has been grooming our family's dogs for almost 10 years now.  We followed her from a previous location and she always does an exceptional job.  My Havanese is treated well, her ears and tail are perfectly fluffy, and she is done with a couple of hours.  I would highly recommend her!  Also should note: her specialty is difficult dogs.
5	We have seen Holly at Aardbark for several years now for our five Cavaliers (one is special needs) and she is AWESOME!!  We are always able to get the dogs in quickly and they look great every time we pick them up.  I have used different groomers over the years, but have never been as happy as I am using Holly.
5	We have been going here for 6 years!  They were recommended by our dogs breeder.  We have never had a bad experience. We always request Angela for our precious boy. She is so sweet!  When she found out that my daughter is obsessed with pugs she brought her own pet in on our next appointment so my daughter could meet him!  They are small but professional and I would absolutely recommend them to everyone!  They are a bit hidden from the street but once you find them you will not be sorry!
4	My dog Lexie has been seeing Simone for about a year now. Simone is a very sweet groomer who takes really good care of her. The prices are very reasonable. It always feels good to support a local business. Lexie doesn't even mind the pretty cat that naps on the front desk. Check out Aardbark if you need a reliable, consistent grooming company.
4	We've been bringing our dogs here for almost 20 years, and we really like the job they do grooming our dogs.  Holly has been our groomer for years.  We can usually get them in the next day, and they're usually there three or four hours.  It doesn't seem like they have a very high turnover in their workers, and they seem to really like dogs.  The only thing I didn't really like today was the woman who was taking the money from people kept yelling out the tips customers had left to the groomer, which was a little embarrassing.  They don't always do that, though.  I would highly recommend this place for dog grooming.
4	We've been bringing our Shih Tzu here for several years. They do a great job and our dog even looks forward to going here. They take time time to listen to what you want, and they treat the dogs with love. They don't take credit cards, though, so be sure to take a check or cash when you pick up your dog,
5	They are great and reggie my bulldog loves to go every time. They know him by name and they were the ones who put reggie in my family . Thx yall keep it up
