5	I highly recommend Sit Stay Pet Ahwatukee - by far the best pet sitter I have ever worked with.  When I used to travel, I would always worry about my two dogs and if they were ok while I was away.  With Vanessa, I never worry.  I always know my dogs are being cared for as if I was home.  And, I always come home to happy dogs.
5	Vanessa loves the pets she cares for as she loves her own.  She is enthusiastic, energetic, and fun.  There's no need to worry about your pets if Vanessa is looking after them.  She goes above and beyond to make sure the families know their four-legged friend is stress-free while mom and dad are away. Based on the kisses I've seen my own dog give Vanessa, I'm pretty sure she's a sitter to keep as long as you can.
5	Prior to moving to the area Vanessa was the first one I contacted  to ensure she  would be available to visit my two fur babies.  I travel quite a bit for both business and  pleasure and I NEVER have to worry about Dog care.  She is always accommodating with my hectic (last min) schedule and  quite honestly, when I come home from a long trip, I really think  my babies are more sad they wont  be getting a visit from  Vanessa than they are excited to see me!If your looking for outstanding animal care I promise you will NOT be dissapointed.
5	Wow!!!  We have used "Sit Stay" many times and are always impressed!  I can go on and on about the peace of mind, cleanliness, dependability, how calm our pets are, etc., etc..Do you ever come home from long work days or a weekend out of town and your dog is out of control looking for attention?  Having "Sit Stay" stop by for walks/checkups is SO worth it.  Our dog Buddha is so calm and just a little darling after their visits.  It is almost like he just comes up to us all cool when we walk through the door and says, "Hey, let me tell you about all the fun I had today...."But here is the best part for us - We have chickens, one of which is about a year old and had yet to lay a single egg.  We tried everything from the feed to putting fake eggs in her nest box.  We just started to assume after a while that she was a dud.  When we recently returned from an extended weekend away, what do you know, she is laying like crazy now!  We joke about how Vanessa just has a magic touch with animals.I know about 10 other people who also use Sit Stay, all through referrals.  We all agree, they are the ONLY pet sitters we use here in Ahwatukee.Feel free to contact me directly about this review.  I am happy to answer any questions or give additional feedback.
5	I moved to Phoenix in February and travel pretty freuqently for work.  Not knowing anyone in the area, I was looking for a safe, reliable pet service and Sit. Stay. far exceeded my expectations.  Vanessa was so helpful and it was so easy to set up the initial visit and schedule services.  Nikki and Debbie were fantastic with my pets and always left a note and sent a text after each visit.  It definitely put my mind at ease knowing I had such great people taking care of my pets while I was away.
5	Sit Stay Pet sitting is the best company to have watch your pets, while your away!  The entire company treats your pets like their own, they offer sleep overs as well which is wonderful.  I wouldn't have anyone else watch my cat while I'm away!  I am updated with pictures and texts while away as well...feels so good to know my pet is being treated so wonderfully!
1	Somebody recommended this dog sitting company to me.  I called to get an appointment, but did not get a return call for days.  I had to write everything out in writing what I wanted.  I put down the hours I wanted, and figured everything was taken care of.  I had the girl take a picture of my dog while she was there.  I luckily noticed the time, and it was hours before she was supposed to come.  What a big disappointment.  The simplest things were screwed up from the beginning.  I would never use them again.  Also, after numerous requests for my key back, I still don't have it.
5	There are very few people or outfits I would trust my Brittany with--Vanessa and Sit. Stay is one of them, & I recommend them without reservation.  She cares as much as any owner and is full service and fantastic.
5	Bottom line - Vanessa is wonderful, and we are clients for life!    Here's our story...Hubby and I recently made the full-time transition to Ahwatukee from our long-time home in Atlanta.  That meant a cross country trip (via TLC pet transport which is also a great company BTW) for our two older cats.  For all you cat owners out there you know cats aren't crazy about change or travel, so they were somewhat freaked out by the cross country trip.  Shortly after the cats arrived we engaged Vanessa for a very short assignment - a quick overnight getaway while we celebrated my husband's birthday.Vanessa had arranged an in-home visit with us prior to this first assignment.  We felt comforted by the fact that she took notes, familiarized herself with our home and the kitties, etc.  She understood our concern about leaving our "babies" so soon after  the move and assured us that she would take extra good care of them.  Everything worked well for us during the get-away,  but during that time poor Vanessa fell and broke her foot.  Despite her personal injury she was on the phone arranging for a colleague to take care of our babies.  There was no lapse in service to us, and the kitties were well cared for as promised.So, a couple of weeks later when we had to return to Atlanta for some doctor appointments  and to drive a second car to Ahwatukee, we once again engaged Vanessa.  She explained to us that her mobility was still limited by her foot injury, but assured us that she had colleagues who, under her supervision, would provide loving care for the cats.  We felt comfortable with that.Now the fun begins... Second night of our cross-country trip Vanessa called to tell us that the lock on the front door was broken and they couldn't get in to care for the cats.  We were on the phone for some time trying to think of options, but there was no other access.  Finally, I called a locksmith and put him in touch directly with Vanessa.  She was wonderful, arranging a time to meet the locksmith, facilitating all the details and overseeing the installation.  Problem solved and life goes on.The next day during a visit with family in Dallas my husband fell and broke his hip.  Trip to emergency room that Sunday night, hip replacement surgery the next day, then three more days in hospital in Dallas.  Shortly thereafter we moved hubby to a rehab facility and learned that he would need at least a month of therapy before continuing our journey home to AZ.  Yikes!I had immediately contacted Vanessa to tell her of our situation and to explain that the 10 day assignment was now going to be over a month.  Again, she assured us that we shouldn't worry that the cats would be cared for.  That has proven to be very true!Vanessa has gone above and beyond in so many ways.  She has bundled and shipped our mail to us.  She has inventoried pet supples and advised us on getting free home delivery of additional supplies in our absence.  One thing that was causing me immense stress was that I had shipped my desktop computer from Atlanta to Ahwatukee to coincide with our original return date.  Of course our unexpected delay meant that my computer couldn't be delivered nor returned to point of shipping because we would be at neither address.  I was going bonkers thinking about losing my computers (and e-files)!  Working with Vanessa and UPS, I was able to redirect delivery to Vanessa's house where it was safely received.  She then hauled it over to our house where it now awaits m return.Ok, this review is turning into "War and Peace".  Hopefully you now understand why I opened this review by saying we are customers of Vanessa for life.  She is amazing and so much more than a pet sitter.
5	The owner Vanessa was amazing. She was able to accommodate me on a very short notice. The company also has very affordable prices. She texted me and kept me up to date on my dog while I was away which was very comforting. I would recommend her to anyone and will definitely use her services again.
5	I've had Vanessa and her team watch my dogs twice. I feel so comfortable with them in my home and with my pups. They text me after they leave and send me pics. There has been times where I have asked her to make extra stops because I knew the dogs were getting restless and she is so accommodating. I've recommended her to family and friends and she definitely gets five stars in my book!
1	I called this business in the evening in Saturday October 25 and received a voice mail saying for faster response to send a text. I sent a text saying I was looking for a reliable pet sitter. Vanessa responded back that they were reliable, that she was helping a friend and would call when she was done. I never received a call back. I texted her again on Sunday midday and here was her response "Im sorry I work on the weekends & do not take calls while I work. That is why on my VM it says it is best to text. I think you should find someone else, I don't appreciate that accusation."Unreliable and defensive when they fail what they say they will do. I don't trust them! I have to give a star to leave a review but in my experience I say - No Stars!6:01PM I wrote:Hi my name is Steve. Sherri and I will be out of town from Friday Oct 31 to Monday Nov 3rd. We would like to talk about a reliable kind pet sitter to fill in while we are gone. Could you call at your convenience? Thank you!" She texted "We are reliable!! I'm helping a friend right now, I'll give you a call when I'm finished"(not later like she said responding to my review)By 10am the next morning I left a voice mail saying that She hadn't called me back and I was concerned about her reliability. (I have had dog sitters not show up after they said they would) and then decided I should text in case they don't check messages. I wrote "No one called me back. This doesn't make me feel comfortable that you are reliable." she immediately wrote back "Im sorry I work on the weekends & do not take calls while I work. That is why on my VM it says it is best to text. I think you should find someone else, I don't appreciate that accusation." I wrote "You should say that on your voice mail. I told you I was looking for a kind and reliable sitter. You texted back and said you are reliable. You were helping a friend and would call me back when you were finished. You never called. I think you failed in the reliability factor and you can expect that in your reviews."I felt that was very poor customer service. She could have easily said I'm sorry I was at work and couldn't call. (Although that is not what she said in her text about calling when she was through helping a friend) sounds a bit dishonest to hear her response now. My message was not rude but hers was defensive and almost hostile. And now to call me an asshole?? I would stay away from this hot head. She obviously can't control herself! And Vanessa I have had my Yelp account for four years! You need to chill out!
5	I used this service while I was away for 8 days at Thanksgiving.  They did a good job of letting me know when they came and if anything out of the ordinary happened.  I would highly recommend their services!
