3	This Mid-K location is good, they have most of the Black hair care products that you would expect from this type of store. The staff is knowledgable about the selection and they don't make you feel rushed when you are wandering the aisles. Having recently moved from Chicago, this is smaller then most of the beauty supply stores that I am used to shopping in but for Phoenix this is a good as it gets.
5	I love this Mid K! I am not African American, but I shop here anyway because of their quality, selection and price! It cannot be beat. I have a serious hair extension addiction and have been going to Mid K for 8 years and love it! From Remy wefts to pre-made clip on hair, Mid K beats Sally's Beauty supply in price and value for hair. They also have a ton of cute wigs for costumes at great prices. Go Mid K! :-)
4	Good place to go for African American hair products. The people who work there are friendly and generally helpful. The location is a bit "hood" but that's how it usually goes.
1	Let me preface this with explaining that I rarely write negative reviews but this place definitely deserves one. The sales girl sold me a hair pony attachment that did not match my hair. She insisted it worked. When I got home and looked at my hair with the piece in good light it did not even come close! I even took it to my hair dresser and she could not believe she said it worked. When I went to bring it back they insisted that I wore it when all I did was take it out of the pouch and net. I told them that they should take another out of the package to see how it looks when it comes out of the package they refused and just kept insisting that I wore it . Obviously this store is only about  making a buck -the customer service is awful and  salesgirls have noKnowledge !
3	The store is definitely fully stocked with products. However, and experience is what brings you back to a store and the customer service was nonexistent. Not because there were no employees there, they were just too involved in their personal Instagram discussion and texting.
