2	Whereas my rating would have been much higher should I have reviewed this after my first visit; however with repeat visits my experience has been less than stellar.I will start by saying the specialty coffee drinks are excellent, only if created by the main Barista - Steve.  He is highly skilled in his craft, only to be pulled down by the sub par help who backs him up.  Every experience with employees other than Steve has been dismal, and this review serves as a wake-up call to the management staff to better train their employees on service and skill.Of the many negative points I can make about the staff, my last experience left me questioning if I should ever return.  While not in the mood for a specialty drink, I decided to order the French Press coffee which is highlighted as a menu item.  After I purchased my coffee, I found a mug of drip coffee sitting on the bar.  Assuming it was for someone else, I continued to wait for my French Press.  Several minutes went by, and I inquired as to where my drink was, to which I was simply pointed to the cup sitting on the bar.  I stated what was there was not French Press coffee, and in response I was told that their drip coffee IS French Press.  Color me confused, but what was sitting on the bar was not what I had ordered, nor what I had paid a premium for.Unfortunately, banter back and forth with the staff led me nowhere but sitting at a table with my stale drip coffee, now only luke warm from sitting too long.  Only able to tolerate a few sips, I left the mostly full cup of stale diner coffee questioning if I would ever return.Since then, there have been several occasions where I contemplated going back; however I have yet to convince myself of the benefit.  Unfortunately this hidden gem of a coffee house has been tarnished by the service and lack of experience.  Hopefully with time the talent will improve and better decisions will be made as to how to keep customers coming back.
3	I had a more positive experience than the previous reviewer- but then again I did not order coffee.We went here one night to here a friend of a friend perform and I have been wanting to go back since. We ordered wine and gellatto and were not disappointed. The wine list has a good variety and offers a couple of flights. They also have 2 beer flights available both were good and came with nice sized glasses. The gelatto has a nice variety and every flavor we tasted received a thumbs up from the party. They have a menu with panninis and salads- none of which we tried but the temptation was there.The service was not fabulous but we were too distracted to really feel the effects of that.
5	Best coffee beans this side of Stumptown...so unless you got tons of frequent flyer miles to take you to Portland, a drive to Goodyear is what it's gonna take for an absolute 5-star coffee experienceIndeed, Ground Control's slick decor behind its bland strip mall exterior makes this a place where you really wanna linger over your latte.  And the house made gelato is on the high side of enticing.  But the lure that drags me into my car and take that hour long drive down to Goodyear is gonna be the awesome orange monster in the back of the room where the coffee beans are roasted several times a week...from medium to dark, no wimpy light roast here.  Yes, you can absolutely taste the freshness.  My personal favorite is Guatemala Huehuetenango.  With beans this good, I take it black...so smooth you don't need cream to take the non-existent hard-edge off, nor is any sugar needed to counter the non-existent sour off-notes (unlike a big chain competitor).  And if you end up hanging out so long that you actually need more solid nourishment, then the Mediterranean Salad with the tasty bits of candied pecans and mozzarella is spot on, while the pesto salami panini is not half bad.
2	Read all the fine reports in our community e-group. Read them here too.People talk of the interior. To me very bland, not slick. But what is more surprising to me no one notices how unfinished the place is. My God the booth that is against the window next to the entrance has no finishing. Tacky tacky tacky. There is a nice big hole in the wall toward the back on the west side, again tacky. The wood on the counter, unfinished. The place has been open long enough for these things not to exist.  I understand they serve food, how would one know? Nothing to indicate such. So we ordered two coffees and one Gelato. The Gelato was wonderful. The coffee was at best lukewarm and tasted as if it were make from the powdered coffees one celebrates the special times in ones life. Very nice servers but slow as molasses. I was so surprised at what we found considering the good reviews I have read. But I think it might have something to do with who the owner is as we have a lot of retired Air Force in my community.
5	Ground Control, love the name and then you learn the tie-in with the Coffee and the Air Force ... it all makes sense.As to the place... very good coffee (love the Mayan Mocha) and the Gelato (Blood Orange for me thanks!) and even the food is certainly worth the repeat visit.  We have not really had any service issues, this is more of a "sit & stay" coffee house vs. grab & run from what I have seen so it does take a little longer.  We don't get wine so nothing to report there!Certainly worth the trip to try and come back again!
4	Attended a networking mixer here.  The venue was perfect for the group and we milled about in a room that was filled exclusively by the guests, while others sat at the L-Shaped bar.  It's the first coffee house where I actually felt like lingering as long as humanly possible, with its low lighting & swank decor.  Everyone enjoyed the varieties of wine, desserts & staff hospitality.  Now, if only they had another one closer to the Surprise folks!
4	great hot chocolate and biscotti. the gelato rules too. They are always fast and helpful. The interior is great. I have only been their twice but I will definitely be back again.
3	I hate and love this place.  It's either a great experience or a horrible one.  I've met the proprieter, Sean, and had a good time discussing the beer and coffee offerings.  He knows his stuff and his products are great, especially in a much needed area.  Fresh roasted beans, craft beer, & quality wine is my sort of place.Problems arise when it comes to some of the staff.  I received a phone call that my coffee order was roasted and ready, yet when I arrived 30 minutes later to pick it up the young, female blonde employees could not find it anywhere.  They called the owner, and still could not find it.  It took 25 minutes to pick up a pound of coffee.  Some of the employees don't know anything about the beer.  There's a new Rogue on tap, and the employee seemed perfectly content to just say "I don't know what beer that is" and leave it at that.  I was amazed that she was unwilling to look it up, and unwilling to ask the other employee working that afternoon.  I'm still going to be a returning customer but I wish I didn't have to deal with some of the incompetent employees.
4	I've made several return visits to Ground Control and things have turned around for the good.  I don't see the same youthful part-time blondes that spoiled things in the past, and I've noticed the whole bean offerings up front are stocked much better than in the past.Looks like they're rotating some of the beer taps which is good for variety.  They always seem to have some high quality Belgian, German, or domestic craft beers that pair well with the panini sandwiches.
3	We were visiting some friends that lived nearby last week and decided to try Ground Control, mainly on the basis of the 2-for-1 coupon that we found in our Entertainment book.  We were greeted quickly by the barista/waitress/server and found our seats.  (Note:  I wonder if this places doesn't try to hard to be too many things, coffee, gelato, food, wine bar, beer selection...).  The lunch menu consisted of mostly panini's and salads.  I chose a panini that had pastrami, some sort of cheese and mustard on it...I'd like to be a little more descriptive, but the website does not have a food menu for some reason.  Whatever it was (I think it was called the Viper)...it was fantastic!  I really really enjoyed this panini.  Which is good because I was definitely annoyed with how long it took to get the food.  Sure, there were only two people working, but it is not as if this place was anywhere near busy.  My wife's chicken panini was okay...but the side salad that it came with was quite lame.   Iceberg lettuce was some balsamic vinegar on it.  Which is fine for a side salad, but we saw some people next to us with what appeared to be side salads and they had some real nice greens.  Maybe they ordered something else...but my wife laid off the salad and stole some of kettle chips instead.  If I was going based solely on my food, I'd give at least four, but I'm including the slow (note:  it was still very friendly) service and lame salad, so Ground Control gets 3 stars.
4	Beer tasting was an excellent event! Our whole group had a good time and we will return for the next!
5	Nicest owners and staff, creative and fresh coffee creations and exceptional brewed coffee. I have not yet had a chance to try their gellatos, food or spirits but I visit this place every single time I visit my folks in AZ.Soy is here for the vegan friends but sadly my favorite coffee creation has milk, honey and cinamon so that will be on the outs for you. I've spent many evenings here with a book or a sketch pad enjoying the sanity of my insane house around the holidays.My mom raves of the book club and I've been sent a few of the books they read. Diverse and interesting. I would also be excited to try their beer tasting and wine tastings - maybe if the timing is right I will one day!
5	Best cup of coffee I have ever had. The owner roasts his own beans and the coffee is pressed.  They also have wine and beer tastings and delicious gelato. A very nice place to hangout and relax. They have food which is ok but I go for the cup of coffee and the beans I buy to take home with me.
5	A gem in the west valley! great atmosphere and and live music. The coffee is always fresh and the food is tasty.
5	Only fresh brew cup in the Phoenix West Valley.  I do not live as close to Ground Control Coffee Shop as I used to, but still worth the drive.  If you are a coffee drinker you will agree that fresh roast and fresh brew is amazing.  I also like there huge selection of beers from around the world.  You can make a custom six pack by selecting 6 separate beers.
5	Great food, great service!  Their viper panini is soooo good!
4	Unique west valley gem =)  One stop venue for yummy food, gelato, wine, beer or spirits.  Service is always great, and they have live music on weekends.  Perfect little happy hour spot, and diverse enough where there is something for everyone...even kids (not that you'd bring your kids to happy hour...)  Anyhow, I love Ground Control, my friends do, and so do my kids =)  Oh...great wine selection, best in the west valley in my opinion.
3	Good find for anyone living in the West Valley or just visitng. Quality is just as good if not better than Starbucks. Coffee is superb and the food is excellent. They even have gelato!The one problem I have is with their service. They have a restaurant type service, which does not seem to work in their favor. When you sit down, it takes 15 minutes to be greeted and another 30 to get food. In order to avoid this is to order at the counter and then be seated. I recommend this place solely for the quality of their coffee and food
4	Gelato - super yum! White coffee is my favorite (but they rarely have it).Breakfast - great prices and just enough to fill your belly but not overeatDessert - Half baked cookie with your choice of gelato on top! Seriously...heaven in your mouth.Coffee - very strong, if you like medium strength, you need to mention it to the BaristaAmbience - sad and painful to look at. Its like the place is having an identity crisis, are they a gelato bar, a wine bar, coffee bar, lounge, cafe, night club, family hangout...its weird. The place needs a makeover...bad.Paninis - Yummy but whimpy, just a couple bucks over priced for the amount on your sandwich.
2	This is the second time I've been here. And it was the second time the person at the counter helped the person BEHIND me. And they never appologized.The only reason they didn't get one star is because they have good tea. Since rudeness is not isolated, I won't be back.
4	I will keep my review open an unbiased due to the time of day I visited Ground Control. As a first impression I enjoyed the environment and ambiance of this shop. The combo of coffee shop and wine bar is not often ventured in most places, especially the west valley. I indulged myself with a mocha that was quite smooth and full bodied.This seems like a great hang out spot on weekends or nighttime if they have a wine tasting event. Ground control is bringing back that connection of a coffee shop being relaxing , inviting and intimate; not like what corporate giants have transformed the common perception of coffee shops now days to be.My full interpretation will adjust for better or worse as I continue to visit this place.
2	Tonight, my friend and I were looking to grab some late-night coffee and she happened to find this little place hidden in Goodyear that just happened to be open until 12.When we arrived, I was very impressed by their wine and beer selection. I thought this would be an excellent place to go with friends on a weekend to sit and catch up or do a wine tasting. Considering Ground Control is so far on the West Side... this type of thing is almost unheard of. It's very nice to know that it exists. My friend and I proceeded to order our drinks after having a look over the menu. She ordered a frozen toffee coffee drink, and I ordered their Chai, iced.  As we were waiting, i started noticing just how much time had passed. In the time we waited for our drinks, the band had played 2 complete songs.  Once our drinks were ready, the man behind the counter was quite rude when he informed us that our drinks were sitting on the opposite side of the counter from where we were standing. I was very excited to try my drink, and after doing so. I couldn't believe what I had just tasted. It was unlike anything I've ever experienced with the word "Chai" in the title. It was grainy (like sand), sour, tangy, sweet, and easily the most bizarre thing I have ever tried. I was very disappointed and considered returning it for something else.I refrained from returning it, but I definitely did not finish it. Working in a restaurant, I know the stress that comes from receiving direct complaints. Safe to say, I probably won't be back for coffee anytime soon.
5	Their food is so so but they serve all kinds of craft beers, have a huge selection of wine, and roast their own coffee beans. Never had a problem with their service.
4	Great place to visit if you are in the far west of town.  The gelato is good (not the best in town) but they have a nice place here that allows for a great evening with your self other or even just with friends.  The beer selection is pretty good and they have some unique stuff on tap.  Sean who I believe owns this place is an air force pilot who spent time in Europe and he wanted to bring us a touch of that when he built this place a few years back.  The staff is sometimes a challenge but maybe its because of how busy they get.
2	The food was pretty good, nothing overly exciting.  I was impressed by the wine selection.  I would give this place a higher rating if their service was better.  It has been lackluster at best.
5	The staff are well informed of their products, and made us feel very comfortable assisting us with our choices.  I have been here twice; both times in the evening.  I have sat at the bar and drank some beer, as well as had a few tasters of wine.  The second time I was there we enjoyed a large french press coffee and one of their homemade cookies topped with their homemade gellato.  The seating was intimate and we were never made to feel rushed even though we were just about the last customers there. Their coffee beans are roasted on premises and the flavor is undeniably superior to any other fresh cup of coffee that I have had out there.  The atmosphere was very pleasant as there was live entertainment...that was a surprise bonus.  We plan on going there more often.
2	My friend and I met there for lunch and basically served ourselves.  I had to ask for menus then 20 minutes later I waved down the waitress to place our order then I asked for napkins then I asked for silverware and finally, when I saw our waitress walking around with her handbag, I asked for our check!  At which time I was told to just come around the corner and take care of it.  The food was good but the service was Horrible!  Cute place that I thought would show the west side had some sophistication but....NOT!!  Dont think I'll be returning!
3	I had been there so many time and I always leave with the same feeling... That place could do better if the owner will care more :( The menu needs some improvement, there is always messy in the bar and the wine room area. Kids on a friday and saturday night? Its not comfortable to be drinking with a minor  next to you! The music isn't that bad but they need better band for the weekend...  The lighting should change at night time... I always go there because I want to support them but sometime its unpleasant to be there... the owners never smile and never said thank you for coming?   :(
2	They've opened a new coffee shop in Verrado and a 10 min stop for coffee has turned into a long laborious affair.  If you want to be in a line for 30mins or so come to this place....As for the Indian School location, service needs to be improved.
2	The food here is average and for a reasonable price. There is decent live music on Saturday nights.The service however, really bad. Our server never mentioned to us that they had a special wine flight available for the night, we overheard another server telling our neighbor. We never received our waters, after asking 3 times over about a 30 minute period. After we ordered our dessert we waited another 45 minutes before our server returned, we asked for the bill and waited about 15 more minutes. The table next to us that had the same server were equally annoyed by the server's absence. The owner/manager was walking around and tried getting his attention, and was told he would get back to me in a moment, but never returned before we left.This is a very small place and they could do really well in terms of service if they had the right people and the right training...... I MIGHT come back in a few months to see if the service has improved...but be warned.
2	I have been to Ground Control several times now. I will say that their cheese, fruit and nut plates are delicious but when your 19 year old server can't recommend a good wine (at a wine shop!!), this is a MAJOR problem. The most recent (and final) time I was there, our server took our drink orders an got them out fairly quick...and then a party of 6 showed up and we didn't see her for the rest of the night. I am not exaggerating. I had to order a drink from someone at the coffee counter (which I never received after waiting over half an hour), and when we were ready to go, no one would have noticed if we just walked out...because it took another twenty minutes just to get our check!I will never be back just solely based on the horrendous service.
3	My Best Friend, Kaitlin A, already ripped this place a new one...I wasn't as disappointed with this place as she was, however I am not really that impressed either. I have only been the one time and it was before I was 21. As others have previously mentioned they have an extensive beer and wine selection, but it is a coffee house. That's cool, no big deal. But I feel like their list of wine and beer is much bigger than their list of coffee drinks.They have live music sometimes, which is cool. I like the big fish tank.The prices aren't bad. My drink (the toffee coffee thing) wasn't the best thing ever, but it also wasn't the worst.I will have to go back at least one more time and write an update.
2	My wife and I come here often, mainly because the coffee is good. I often buy my whole fresh-roasted beans here. Usually, they're great. That's the reason for the 2 stars. The food is ok. But if I had to rate this place on service, I would give it zero stars. Tonight's experience was typical. We waited at a table for 15 minutes before being waited on. I ordered a coffee drink which, after another 10 minutes still wasn't made. The "barrista" was chatting with a friend. The place was not busy. When I asked if my coffee was coming, she acted surprised and started to make the drink. Waiting for the check was another thing...If you're into waiting (but not being waited on), this is your place.
4	Great place for something light to eat, nice size wine selection, tons of rare and micro beers. Friendly staff, skip Starbucks and support this local business for coffee.
5	This place is one of the best coffee shops there is! They are friendly, and locally owned.  They even roast their own coffee!  They are not the fastest when it comes to making your coffee and food, but that is a good thing.  They make quality products.  If you want something that is made fast and tastes like burnt popcorn, you can always go to Starbucks.  People have to understand that this is a locally owned restaurant, and more often than not the owner is also the barista, chef, and bartender. I have never had a poorly made drink, I have never had to deal with a employee treating me like an idiot, and I don't have to speak in code when I want a personalized order.  (i.e. A  zebra, wet, no whip mocha.  Really?!) Great coffee, good food, craft beer and fine wine. How can you go wrong with that combination?Also, they serve paleo dishes if you are into that sort of thing.
5	Addicted to their Thai iced tea.  It's not the authentic Thai iced tea but I can't seem to stop drinking it.  Plus they have Gelato, Wine, and Coffee which translates to sugar, downers and legal addictive stimulants all in one place!  What more could you ask for.  I do miss my McKinley Salad.  I hope they would bring that back.  Great atmosphere, children friendly and very laid back.
4	Date night at Ground Control was a blast and we had great service! My husband and I went here on a Saturday night. It was nice to have live music. Our server was friendly and attentive. We tried the wine tasting (lots of wine for the price!), bread with dipping, ham & brie panini & mahi panini with side salads, thai iced tea, and hazelnut gelato to top it all off! My husband also bought a bag of coffee beans on the way out the door. Everything was great. Unfortunately, it is pretty far from our house, but we would like to come back sometime, possibly with our kids.
2	I have been here a few times. I have always been annoyed about the wait times for just a drink. Yet the coffee toffee always tastes good enough to keep me coming back. Most recent visit was a couple days ago. Very unimpressed. I ordered a bagel with cream cheese and my usual coffee toffee. My boyfriend decided to try one of the barista's recommendations, a cafe sisu. We waited about 20+ minutes for our drinks and my bagel. And the place was empty so I was very confused about why it was taking so long. Finally got my bagel. Immediately was displeased by how much cream cheese was put on it. I scraped the excess off, it literally looked like someone took a soup ladle full of cream cheese and flopped it on my bagel. Then we got the drinks. The coffee toffee did not taste right and it was not blended enough. There were huge chunks of ice through-out. We asked the barista to blend it up some more and he acted annoyed but did it anyways. Wow, so sorry to inconvenience you. And as for the cafe sisu, it tasted like bad chocolate milk. It was so gross. We ended up throwing it away because we did not want to deal with the moody barista. I will not be returning to this place. Service was bad and wait time was ridiculous. Go to Starbucks.
5	The owners did a great job of creating the essence of a European Cafe.  This is not the place to come if you are in a hurry, but everything is worth the wait.  I come here to enjoy the atmosphere and relax.  Great Coffee, Food, Wine, Beer, etc.
5	One of BEST CAFE places in West Valley! From friendly baristas, owner can often be seen roasting the coffee in site or checking with guest. Iced Cafe Cubano-love it! And if coffee it's not you thing, the food its in conservative portions but delish! Live music on Fridays & Saturdays evenings. Also offers wine tasting & seems to have a selection of wines & beers- but not into any of those so can't comment.
4	Ground Control is in Goodyear, and I live up near Anthem. However, prior to moving up this way last year, we lived in Litchfield Park and visit GC at least on a biweekly basis. They specialize in REAL Italian Gelato, Fine Wines, Amazing world coffees, and great hors de uvres or light eating fair. We love this place. We usually sit at the bar and enjoy wine, salmon crostini, multiple cheeseboards, and other great eats. One of my treats are the Judith Baker chocolate truffles. Every one of their staff is attentive, friendly, and always there to talk about the wines. They are pretty knowledgeable and have recommended some amazing wines from all over the world to us. The owner is in the Air Force and has a penchant for Tequila! He has shared some great Tequilas with us as well. (Maestro Dobel, Casa De Azul, etc...) If you want a cool place to hang out, some good eats, some amazing gelato (Coconut is my fave because it smells like sun tan oil and tastes amazing), and/or just want to relax with the most Cafe Roma cup of coffee you ever tasted, this is the best bang for the buck. We do live far now, but about once every two months or so, we make it a date night, head to Ground Control (Live Music on Friday nights) and sit for hours. Recommend you try it!
1	I like to support local business and was excited to try this spot.  I have been seeing the NOW Groupon for a few months and finally decided to buy it  ($6 for $12) and check it out.  I read the fine print and there was nothing that limited to dine in, so I came in ordered 2 coffees and 2 deserts.  When I was ready to pay and said I wanted to use the Groupon the cashier said no, its for dine in only.  When I tried to explain that the it didn't say that, she got snippy, said something about the owner and refused to honor the Groupon.   And her attitude was less than friendly after that.  So here is the scoop...Ground Control could have had a new customer, I go to paradise bakery about once a week for coffee and a bite, and I would have spent the $6 on the Groupon, plus another $8 since my check added up to $20....but now I will NEVER go back.. I will warn others about the misleading nature and bad attitude and hopefully see a different business in that spot in the months to come.  SHAME on you Ground Control!   Not to mention the coffee really wasn't that great.
1	I went to Ground Control for the first time last night and I was unimpressed. The food was pretty good but the service stinks. They need some mature staff who can take care of their patrons, not the young kids playing kissy face with their girlfriend at the bar.  The cheeseboard for $14.00 was less than impressive with a couple of slices of cheese and a few nuts and dates. I think I will pass next time.
1	Decided to check out Ground Control last night based on a reviews on AZ Central as one of the best wine bars.. I totally disagree.  Service was terrible, one person I particular was rude when we interrupted time with his girlfriend.  Had to ask for water, plates, napkins, check, etc.  The wine was decent as well as a couple of appetizers. But pass on the cheese board...  3 small slices for $14. I was looking forward to the European concept but in Europe, they are more helpful and friendly...
5	This place is amazing! When I discovered that it had both coffee and wine it was like a dream come true! I'd always thought that coffee and wine would be great companions for a shop, and here's the place to prove it. That, on top of the fact that they have superb and friendly service makes this a great place to hang out at. I am relatively new to the area (I just moved to Arizona 3-4 months ago), and have been searching for awhile for a good coffee place where I could chill. By my second visit to Ground Control, I was hooked! I love the relaxed but classy atmosphere, and it's a perfect place to read a book, chat with friends, try some of their delicious hot drinks, or any of their wide variety of wine, and even beer! They also have live music on Fridays and Saturdays, on which they are open till 12am! Now if that's not awesome, then I don't know what is. This would definitely be a place I would invite and recommend to friends and newcomers! If you ever get the chance, check it out! I'm sure you'll love it just as much as I do!
3	I don't think this place has intentionally bad service - the folks that work here seem pretty nice (if a little young) but the service and the service time is bad... and having been here starting over a year ago, I think it's getting worse.  The food is good, the place is charming, but the seats are falling apart and I've been sitting here for (literally, I checked the clock) 45 minutes without anyone saying anything to me.  This is the worst it's ever been and there's really no excuse.  I hope the owners are reading these reviews because they are losing business and regular customers as a result of this.  A good place if you've got an eternity to wait...
4	I like to support local businesses and stay away from the overpriced chain eateries. I really like this place. The Cafe Roma is my favorite drink. It has dark chocolate, caramel & prailine. Sometimes I get it iced and then blended. The tea selection is great. I've also tried the gelato and enjoyed that as well. The breakfast sandwiches are also really good. The service is lacking at times, but I like the overall atmosphere and don't mind. This place doesn't have the rushed feeling, like other places do.
3	I've only gotten the toffee frap the few times I've gone, but it is daaaamn good. Try it out!
3	My mom and I decided to check this place out over the weekend before our manicures.  I was surprised to see it pretty empty on a Sunday morning.  I had the Spanish breakfast sandwich (without the Turkey) and a Mixed Berry Smoothie.  One major red flag was I ordered the super fruit smoothie, as she was bringing me the mixed berry she asked if it was alright because they were out of super fruit.  It was fine but I would to have liked a real option.  Both my sandwich and smoothie were delicious.  My mom had the Dutch and a french press which she raved about.  The reason I'm saying 3 stars is simple.  The place could use a face lift, the booths are trashed.  And service needs some major improvement.  We had been told the french press came with free refills but she never came back to refill the coffee which was gone before our food arrived.  If service was improved and the place got a little nip tuck this place would be 5 stars.
3	This place was recommended by a friend and said great food, service sucked. Ok, so we tried it. So-so rating. Had a cheese platter... Bread needs to be served with a dipping oil, napkins need to be given upon order. Wine was great! Mixed drinks... So-so. If you're the manager reading this ... Cheese platters need more cheese, less bread, more fruit. I'll try again one more time and repost.***Ok tried again for breakfast.  Great burritos and coffee!  This time service was ok.  Will try again.  Thanks
2	Good food and nice atmosphere but it really is about service. Each time I come back I want to really like it but the service isn't very good. On our most recent visit it took a while for anyone to notice someone was there and it wasn't busy. No menus, had to go get them ourselves. Sat and waited for service and then again for the check. Asked for the check an he didn't even remember what we ordered. Going to wait a long while to come back. I like their food and wine and beer selection but can't make up for subpar service whenthere are so many other good places to go.
4	Cute little coffee place with wine, gelato, and some food items. I've only came here for a mocha Frap but enjoyed it every time.
2	I'm going to echo Gabe L's review by saying that the food and atmosphere was good but the service was quite bad...even as there were very few patrons in the restaurant on a Sunday evening. It's funny, I arrive at my brother's house and he says we're coming here for dinner and I mentioned how I bookmarked this place to try for morning coffee...let's just say I didn't come back for coffee due to my first impression. We sat ourselves down at a table and waited several minutes to receive a menu. Our waiter was kind of abrasive and not very personable to say the least. We ordered up a few beers and one of their cheese platters, which was really good. I ordered up a Pretzel Roll Roast Beef Sandwich and side salad which was really good as well. We ended our meal with some of their caramel flavored gelato which was super creamy and amazingly light. According to my brother and his wife, the service is usually much more together and we were visited by the waiter from their last visit...a much more happy and personable guy. Usually I can overlook bad service when the food is good but it seemed like our business wasn't really appreciated on this visit (although the other waiter was super friendly and happy to hear I was from out of town). At least I would have expected some kind of "sorry for the slow service" apology but it never came. When I visit again, i might return to attempt another go at either dinner or at least coffee. But until then, I can't give this place my blessing...even if the food is above par.
2	Same feeling as Matt E. Tried it again in hopes for a better experience. Sunday morning , NO muffins! Really? Asked for iced hot choc for my son, got hot. Asked for burrito for here, got it to go. Food was 25 minutes! Coffee was in a to go cup, wanted to dine here. All tables were dirty, I had to clean my own table. Service was average- but everytime there's an excuse "were short handed". I'm not coming back! The manager/ owner needs to figure it out. It's the technology age: take all these yelp reviews and fix the issues to re-gain business.
3	Great manager, great humor, service slow, however the manager took care of our table.
2	I forgot to mention , last Sunday... All the tables were dirty and there was an elderly couple that wanted a table , my 11 yr old son cleaned off a table for then as well ! Really? Give me a break! Hire more staff already!
2	This was my second time eating here during the lunch hour. Both times I have great food. The angus burger on a pretzel bun and next time the chicken salad. Great stuff. Terrible service!! Never got a refill on my iced tea( which was also really good) Had to get up, go to the bar and ask for a refill. Never got checked on after our food came, and the straws I asked for when our drink came took 15 minutes to get to our table. I looked around and our waiter was nowhere to be found. Later, when we got tired of waiting for our check to come, we got up to the counter to just pay and leave. Overall, the food was good, but the service was just plain bad.
4	This coffee shop is set up very nice inside. It has great coffee, and good service. I was very impressed with the quality of their product. Typically the hole in the wall coffee shops are the best and Ground Control does not disappoint. The only complaint I have is the price of the drinks are higher than most, and this is coming from someone who drinks at Starbucks regular. I would recommend trying this place out.
1	The first time I went to Ground Control, the service wasn't the best, the baristas (sp) weren't very welcoming and the breakfast food wasn't very good either. I decided to give it another chance, and l have no future plans to go back. Stay far away from the chicken salad as we found an unwelcome visitor mixed in with ours. So unless you like to eat bug sandwiches I'd steer clear from this place.
3	The food here is pretty good as well as the drinks. Everything from the coffee to the selection of wine ans spirits. My only consistent complaint is how clean the place is. I have been here on multiple occasions to find dirty tables, walls, and seats. I wish the staff would do better on keeping the eating area clean. I don't need to see the remains of what the last patron had on my table when I sit down its kind of a turn off.
3	I was really excited to finally find this kind of kitchy place on the "west side".  I was even more excited when I got there and there was beer and wine from Oregon and other countries.  With that being said, I was not impressed with the service.  We practically had to beg for another glass of wine and the server was too busy flirting with the girls who came in to get coffee than to check in on us.  I thought I had finally found a spot to hang with my friends but I would rather drink a bottle of wine in the backyard; at least I will get a refill when I need one!
5	Love supporting this local business. The coffee is great. The food is excellent. And at night it becomes a great place to get beer (craft beer only) or have a glass of wine with some local music in the background. My husband and I love this place and recommend it to all our friends.
4	Second time at this restaurant.  I first visited on a Groupon.  I am not easily impressed (25 years in the restaurant biz) but this is a small in size and giant in stature establishment did the trick.  Great coffee drinks, Gelato, good wine menu, full bar and a menu (unlike the copycats for most places) someone put some thought into.  I told my wife we had to go to this place.  She was not so excited but knew if I was raving about it she needed to check it out.  Sean the owner was very helpful with all our wine questions and seems extremely knowledgeable.  If you have not been to this hidden gem I suggest you give it a try on your next outing.  Wish we had more places like this to enjoy on the SW side of the valley.  In the end wife said "I could come here all the time"!  We will be back to Ground Control!!
4	First time at restaurant. Bohemian laid back style chic place to nosh on salads. Wine, and coffee specialty drinks . I enjoyed my Astoria salad ingredients were fresh. Lettuce made it difficult to eat. Spring mix could have been colder became warm and wilted. Server was attentive in beginning but as the crowd appeared not as attentive. Overall enjoyed my visit will try with friends and do some wine flights.
4	It's kind of rare to find a unique-ish coffee shop in the far west valley, but Ground Control is a nice spot. Their loose leaf tea selection is great (go for the jasmine), huge wine selection and some unique beers on tap. Try the Triple Karmeleit (sp?). They also roast coffee beans, although I haven't tried much of their coffee so I cannot comment. The decor is pretty contrived, but they try. And I also like that they often have student art from local high schools hanging on the walls. Support the community. The are moving to Camelback and Litchfield, I believe.
2	The service gets worse and worse every time I go.  I might try it one more time but my husband said no way.  Great coffee, good wine and food, terrible service.  When you get told at 10 pm they are closing early on a Saturay night, something is wrong.  They were cleaning up under our feet even though they were supposed to stay open late.  I had to get our own water as no one came back to check on us.  Disappointed as I wanted to really support this local business.
5	Great place. Not to many places that fill this niche in this WORLD. Yeah, I said it... World.
2	Love the vibe and look of the place.  Seats all around the place (inside and outside).  The coffee smells were so good!!!  We came here for treats after dinner.  We were greeted by the guy working in the behind the counter.  He told us to grab a seat and a waiter will be with us.  Cool!  We sat for about 5 to 7 mins before someone came by.  We noticed some of the tables were a little dirty and an employee cleaned the table by wiping with his sleeves.  We finally got our orders in and the drinks and gelatos came out slow.  Only 3 of us had our stuff with the other 2 staring at us.  The homemade gelato was great.  Everyone said the drinks were good.  Service is slow, place needs to tidy up, & the restrooms were pretty dirty too.
3	I'm brand-spankin new to Arizona, and one minute in this desert heat had me CRAVING some cold, creamy gelato. I was prepared to look high and low to find some of the good stuff, and was even prepared to drive oh-so-far away to Phoenix from Goodyear, but to my surprise, I came across Ground Control! I walked into this establishment and was really excited to see a non-chain coffee/food/gelato establishment out here in suburbia. It looked and felt like a shop right out of Portland! I was a little confused about where to order, but was told to take a look at a menu at the counter, order there, and then have a seat. Easy enough. They have a MASSIVE menu for a small shop, and I was tempted by many items but decided on a crabcake pretzel sandwich. Yum, right? Unfortunately, it took a full 40 minutes to prepare and be served to me, and I was short on time, which was a bit stressful. The sandwich was pretty yummy, a bit cold (hmmmm), but decent enough. I wanted to try their gelato but didn't have time. ;( I did, however, order a glass of white wine, which they did not have cold, so they offered me another type of wine at the same price that was already chilled. I appreciated that service. The biggest thing that I noticed here was the lack of customer service -- this place has TONS of potential and good enough food, but the employees were just sort of sitting around and seemed to be more focused on laughing together and having a good time than serving their customers. I'll definitely be back, mostly because I'm all about supporting the small businesses AND I am dying to try some of that gelato -- and hopefully the service will be stellar this next time around.
3	I am reviewing their coffee service only at the Litchfield location. They roast the beans in house and are some of the best I have ever had for espresso. They have the very best Espresso machine and grinder that money can buy and I have never had a less than excellent shot of espresso. I have an Izzo Espresso machine and a Mazzer mini grinder at home so I buy a lot of coffee beans here. They do not seal the bags, they just roll them up and use metal tabs to keep them closed. They do not mark the roast date on the bags so it is a guess as far as freshness. The guy who does the roasting gives 5-star service and he is very knowledgeable. Problem is that I usually get one of the 22 year old "deer in the headlights when asked a question" waitresses when I buy coffee. Their web site just plain sucks, it does not have their addresses for the locations listed! There is some annoying music that restarts every time you go to a different page.
4	Good menu. Everything is creative but not too bourgeois.
3	Update: Was in again and the place was still being constructed.  Did talk to a manager that explained they had run into many issues in trying to open.  The Coffee drink I had was excellent.  I think with time they should get better.  Kinda like a good wine I guess.  I give them three stars hoping for the day they are finished and I can increase this to 5 stars.  There coffee drinks are very good.First visit New place:Hope they get it together but with experience today I have to give them one star.  Total chaos and the place seems along way from being in shape to open but they are open.  Construction stuff all over the place.  Scaffolding in front of pizza oven.  Not enough employee's to offer good service and they were not even extremely busy.  Employee's they did have only one guy seemed to know what he was doing and how to do it.  He did make an OK Iced americano but no creamer containers only a coffee cup with lid full of half and half to help your self.  Asked for milk in my drink said it was serve yourself which is fine if they had it where I could serve my self.Don't know who made the decision to open before they were ready at new location but Management needs to re-think there decision.  Open when you are put together!
4	I've been coming to GC since they opened. At first it was a great little hole-in-the-wall place but over the years it's morphed and become something equally if not more enjoyable. The food, drinks, and gelato are all tasty... I've yet to try something that I don't like. That being said, their price point on some menu items is a little high but it's usually worth it for the pleasant atmosphere alone. They've moved since the last time I was able to go in but I can't wait to visit them at their new location and have my very, very favorite drink again (an iced "Sherpa"!) although I wouldn't say no to sampling one of their newer drinks ("Huckleberry Lemonade" I believe?) again.My only serious complaint is that service can be a little slow, even when they're not particularly crowded. I hate servers that hover but sometimes I've been left waiting for an eternity to receive my bill.
5	With grand opening still a couple of weeks out I was a hesitant about checking out the new location so soon. Boy was I glad I did. Sure they have some kinks to work out and the brick oven isn't completed but what is offered on the limited menu has been outstanding - huge upgrade from other location. They will have 24 beers on tap when they open but currently have about 15 - including the hard to get Four Peaks Callabru Up N Runnin! Very impressed and can't wait for grand opening!
1	This owner also runs Ground Control in Verrado, my suggestion is to STAY AWAY. Poor service.  Poor food
1	Went in with friends for lunch.  Was greeted warmly and seated.  Server, although friendly, did not know the menu at all.  When I inquired about the "brushcetta" my correct pronunciation was quickly corrected and she proceeded to describe it as "it's just bread...".Servers need to be better educated on menu and descriptions.  Menu was an odd mixture with no continuity.  The "grilled peach and feta salad" was really a steak salad with canned peaches.  The salad was terrible.  The cherry tomatoes were old and wrinkled, the dressing so-so, and the mixed greens weren't dressed completely, like the cook ran out of dressing for all the salads ordered.  The raspberry bagel that was ordered was really a cinnamon/raisin.  Ordered lemon in our water, but was told there were no lemons.  Understandably, this was a soft opening but first impressions do count.  I would not return here based on the food, and unknowledgeable  servers.  Chalkboard menu needs better descriptions.  And please, if you offer grilled anything, make sure it's fresh, and make sure it's grilled.  Eliminate the canned food.
1	A neighbor and I went for lunch today.  Where do I start?  Greet by "hostess" was less than lukewarm.  Server was very pleasant, friendly.  Establishment was filthy.  Since it was empty (us and two other tables) at lunchtime, the food on the floor had to be leftover from days past.  There was construtction "stuff" all over the place.  Tables had to be bought at a second hand store.  Decent menu choices.  We shared an appetizer of the huge portion of fries which were good, but clearly from the bottom of the bag of frozen fries.Will we ever go back.  no way   We were planning our next Girls' Lunch Out there.  no moreI might add that we both had salads.  One salad was swimming in dressing while the other had none.  The one salad was supposed to be a goat cheese.  MAYBE there was a tablespoon of goat cheese.The spelling on the menu was atrocious.  Even the blackboard had misspelled words.
5	Love this place, their coffee drinks ROCK (esp. the Cafe Roma!) and their sandwiches and salads are TO DIE!! Awesome joint!!
2	We've been going to Ground Control pretty much since they first opened.  Our first experience there was terrible but we gave them a second chance and things greatly improved.  It became our Wednesday night coffee place.  Staff made us feel warm and welcomed and the drinks were great.  We would also occasionally go in for breakfast or lunch and the food was always good.  And then they moved.  We had really high hopes for the "new and improved" Ground Control.  Brick pizza oven, fancy chef, new menu, etc.  I've eaten there once since the new place opened and had a nice salad for lunch.  It was good, but nothing to write home about.  We keep trying to continue our Wednesday night coffee date night there but it's getting harder and harder to do.  Seems every week we see new staff and they never seem properly trained to make a decent coffee or chai drink.  They are often out of key ingredients and are not very knowledgable about menu items.  We keep trying and hoping and waiting but I'm about done with it.  I really prefer to support the local businessman over the mega-mogul that is Starbucks, but I want a pleasant experience too.  Maybe our nice little coffee place has gotten too big for its britches and is just trying to do too much... coffee, gelato, food, beer, wine, brick oven pizza, etc.  Fingers crossed that they get it together soon.
4	This was our first visit and it wasn't the gelato or coffee that brought us in, it was the truly great craft beer line-up.  Yes, all 24 handles were great choices.  We had burgers that were cooked perfectly and the fries were great, too.  Our only regret was that we were heading to a Cardinal's game and on a schedule so we couldn't linger and sample more brews.  We didn't look at the wine list but it appears to be extensive and I am certain the choices were great if the beer selection was any indication.
3	Everytime I go the service and food is different.  I have been there 3 times for food and drinks. 2 out of the 3 times the food was amazing and the wait staff new their stuff about the food.  The other time (this is the very next week same day) the food was not very good and the wait staff along with the bartender had no clue about the beer and wine they served.  They generally don't keep people very long so I am assuming that the differences in service and food are because of that.
4	This place is pretty cute!Located in hands down, one of the cutest towns in Arizona, Ground Control is a combined alcohol/coffee/food place. Two very open rooms with booth and tables for the bar area (which wasn't that stocked) and a small little coffee shop. I really like where these folks are going with their idea but they need some serious renovations. The whole establishment kind of reminded me a someone's basement. Bottles behind the bar weren't stacked, just lined up. The coffee shop girl wasn't attentive to her stand and behind the counter looked quite disleveled.If ground Control spruced up the place, added a bit more hipster (they've got a few good hipster vibes going already) things to do it, then I really think it could attract a fun crowd. Not that they aren't already bringing in the fun people, of course... I mean, I was there.
1	Cricket in my coffee. Service sucks. They say open at 7 but not "ready" to serve until 8. Do NOT recommend!!
4	Wish i had enough time to go try the food when i was there. I just had some drinks to go.They really do a fine job with their lattes. Out of the places i have tried in the last month (aside from spots i frequent) this was easily the best. Definitely wont be going out there to frequent because that is just way out of the way.But definitely if you have time to spare and need a delicious caffinated drink. I'd recommend ground control. I'd love to try them out during the evening when it looks like they turn into a nice wine and beer restaurant.
4	The food here is really good!! I've try the panini and for desert I've try theirs gelato. Really good!!! Great service.!!!
5	Justin and staff make this place a gem in the rough! I highly recommend this Crossroads Coffee House  to everyone.
4	They moved to this location a few months back and unfortunately it still hasn't grown on me.  It's not as comfortable and doesn't have the same neighborhood coffee shop feel (now it feels more like a bar that has a small coffee shop attached)... and they totally revised their menu, including the elimination of a couple of my old faves.  Nowadays I don't frequent here as much as I used too... but it's still great for the occasional treat!  And the espresso drinks are still outstanding!
4	The location still hasn't grown on me... but the old menu appears to be back (for the most part)!  The angus burger has lost its pretzel roll, but retained much of the admirable qualities that I remembered oh so fondly.  And every time I take a bite of the chicken sonoma quesadilla, I may let out a little loving moan - ahhhhh...
4	Great food, great live music, great friends!!!
1	First time trying and will probably be the last time EVER. I came in and ordered a panini togo. After 5 minutes of ordering they tell me they ran out of turkey so they will give me chicken, how the heck can you run out of something when it was in the morning, not even the afternoon nor was it busy. the restaurant had about two tables, so I was hopeful the kitchen would finish my food under ten minutes. I was wrong it took about 25 minutes to get my sandwich. Not only did it take forever, they just handed me a box when it was done. Do they not have bags? wheres my fork for my salad wheres my napkins? The food, was nothing special, had a box full or arugula and a mediocre sandwich.. Maybe I'm just being picky..  but it was such a horrible experience I really did have high hopes...If you want good sandwiches, FRESH desert, and good drinks; I suggest going to Sugar and Spice down the road they have never failed me.
4	This place is somewhat schizophrenic, but I can't stay away. The decor is Austin Powers meets the Lilliputians. Once you get past the unkempt entry way-gelato bar- espresso station, you are confronted with vibrant orange trim, odd round booths, low slung tables with semicircular chairs all intersected with a long diagonal bench providing high top style seating. A slight hipster feel, interrupted by what some might see as politically incorrect (I find it awesome) throw back military art. Unique doesn't seem a strong enough word. They roast their own coffee which is top notch, make their own gelato, and have the most amazing wine and beer selections in the area. If you want a Bud Light, go somewhere else. But if you want an artisanal wine, or a Quadrupel beer (St. Bernadus) this IS the place for you. Just a fantastic selection of IPA. Weiss, Stout etc...Their motto is "no crap on tap".  Pair a nice brew with their fantastic garlic parmesan fries and just enjoy the eclectic music and environment. The menu is just like the decor, varied and maybe even odd. They have excellent, albeit limited, breakfast selections. The breakfast selections; breakfast burger, paninis, bagels and burritos are wonderful. They also boast crepes, scrambles and skillets which we have not tried as of yet.Lunch: Burgers (Angus, hand made, juicy), salads, roast beef and turkey sandwiches, paninis, including the VIPR panini (Pastrami, havarti chive cheese, brown mustard). Then there is the wood fired pizza oven (Sopresseta pizza is my personal favorite).  I told you...unique. But everything is super tasty.Dinner is really the lunch menu with sometimes nightly specials. Last night's special was pork chops with a berry compote, risotto, and asparagus. Since pork chops are not on their regular menu, this is not the "take a dollar off of our normal menu price, and call it a special" special. It is a no kidding. unique menu item.So, the downside. They regularly run our of things, and occasionally substitute another item without warning (thought you were getting potatoes with your breakfast..ha!...here are some sliced strawberries and cantaloupe instead). The service can run slow, and management does not aggressively keep their staff moving. The place is just what it appears to be; a restaurant/gelato bar/coffee house/pizza joint/wine bar/brewhouse. A bit confused...but what do you expect when a fighter pilot opens a restaurant? I still can't stay away....
1	FIRST -- As I browse the reviews I can't help but wonder why this place has not done something about the awful, horrible, ridiculously lousy service? The food and coffee are decent and the atmosphere, albeit a bit cluttered, is nice -- good for conversation or for work. But for the love of God, WHAT are you trying to be? A coffee house? A wine bar? Beer connoisseurs? Pick something and be really, really good at it because this place has bits and pieces of being good, but doesn't have it all together.Again, back to service because for me that is just such a huge part of dining out. I simply cannot get over how horrible it was -- probably the worst I've ever had. There is no pinnacle of food greatness that could ever be reached that would make me overlook rude wait staff.
1	Don't know what happened here but on a recent trip to Phoenix I met up with a family member here because it was conveniently located between us and recommended to me. We went for breakfast on a Sunday morning.The food - once we got it - was actually really good. I had a bagel with eggs and spinach and vegetables, my boyfriend had a breakfast burrito. However, they were out of everything I asked for. The server made three trips back to tell me every time, with about ten minutes in between trips. It took half an hour just to get some tea even though the place was almost empty. Our server blamed the issues on the kitchen and said he was normally a bartender and had no clue what was going on. Way to go, guy. If you're local, avoid this place.
3	I guess I agree with the 3 star rating the place currently has. I like the concept, love local joints, enjoyed their assortment of teas and wines, but that is about it. The service, timing, and environment needs work.
2	Coffee was super bitter. They can't make coffee!
4	Heard they recently moved to a new location but this was my first time.  We had  a fantastic pizza from the brick oven as a group starter, Turkey club for me, reasonable prices and exceptional service.  It was a 99 degree day and one of the guys in our big party told the food server from the very first, to keep bringing him sodas as he was absolutely parched.  He was a bit over the top on his request (borderline rude) but the server kept pace with it all and his drink was never empty.Besides the group pizza as a starter I had the Turkey club Sandwich and side for $8.00 which was wonderful, I chose the fries which I normally don't let myself have and they were tasty.  The turkey club sandwich had the right amount of crunch
5	I like yummy wine.  I like yummy beer.  I like yummy food.Pretty hard to find a place that has all 3 out in the west valley of phoenix but here it is!
3	Your place has so much potential ....it looks like you moved in recently and not quite unpacked.  Your menu is good but no cheese boards or Mac &  cheese.  Tried the chicken artichoke pizza, very good.   Great wines too but if you want to have style that will draw crowds in like downtown, you need to finish your decor and not have crates and boxes everywhere.  The west side needs a place like yours so I look forward to some changes.   Your Verrado location is a little more put together.
5	The pizza is amazing, the best selection of microbrews you will find in the west valley, this is a dont miss place.
2	Food is good but service is terrible! The fourth and final time was the worst. It was a Saturday night and the "live entertainment" was a local voice school performing a recital with many young children. Needless to say it was terrible and very loud. When our food trickled out, it was good but everything came one at a time 10 minutes apart. Our server never really apologized, and made it sound like it was our fault for coming on a busy night. Most of the patrons were parents of the children singing that night.
4	I went to the 4 course dinner and Balvenie Scotch tasting last night...first time there and it was fantastic.  The staff put on a great event.  I cant wait to go back and try some other things on the menu, and drink beer of course.
2	I have been here before at the old location in Goodyear and was enjoyed my initial experience. However, the last time I stopped by their new location I was unimpressed and a bit frustrated. We arrived in a group of about 5 and ordered lots of appetizers, pizza and salad to share. I am not sure if our server was overwhelmed (there was a large military event going on at the same time) or new but we had a hard time with receiving our beverages we ordered- having to ask multiple, MULTIPLE times- club soda, coffee you name it- it was going to arrive towards the end of your meal. We asked to start off with the hummus trio, garlic fries and stuffed crab mushrooms then the watermelon feta salad and farmers market pizza. The appetizers were among the last things to arrive (aside from our beverages we tried to order). Again, possibly a server input error. However the fries, pizza and salad were great! The hummus trio tasted awful not to mention the veggies served with it were frozen! I am not sure if they were placed too far back in the fridge and accidentally froze or if they intentionally freeze their veggies but it was bizarre and not appetizing, we left most of it on our plate. The hummus itself was not fresh as it had that slightly *tingly* mouth feel (the beginnings of the fermentation/expiring process). The only good part was the flat bread served with it. The crab stuffed mushrooms tasted and smelled extra fishy (again a sign of lack of freshness- but what do you expect when ordering crab in AZ). It was not worth the money we spent. Lastly, we asked to split our checks at the end of the evening and the server seemed to deem this an incredibly difficult task stating that it would "take a while". I waited tables and bartended all through college so I know that it is not that difficult to divide a tab evenly among 5 people. Again, maybe our server was new.... To be fair we didn't give the management a chance to correct things as we kept silent about our issues with the food/waitstaff since we were just trying to enjoy a nice girl's night out and didn't want to ruin the evening by making a huge deal out of everything. Overall- I would just stop by for a quick coffee or wine but don't expect decent food or friendly/efficient service as they both seem to allude this restaurant.
5	Don't believe the negativity - this is a great place! I had coffee drinks and breakfast with the wife and kids on Saturday AM, and totally enjoyed the whole experience. The coffees were excellent, with art in the latte foam. Service was attentive, even with a steady stream of other patrons. The breakfast burritos we ordered were delicious, hot, and served quickly. The kitchen accommodated special requests from the kids without a problem. I don't live in the Phoenix west valley anymore, but I'd be a regular here if I did.
4	My mom and I just came back from Ground Control.  Although I know it has real food and not just coffee and gelato... I forget....I have never been so when the Living Social deal came around we jumped on it!  The menu looks great.  There were many things to choose from.  We finally decided on the grilled cheese pannini and French Dip beef sandwhich.  We also ordered artichoke dip to start.  It was quite good, however my mother and i noticed it was missing something... spinach.. we are soo used to having spinach and artichoke dip.  Still very good. both of our sandwhiches were very good.  The grilled cheese was definitely and "adult sandwhich" i don't think a 5 year old would appreciate it as much.  We were also surprised by the beer selection and while not intending on getting beer, we both did.  Both very good!!!  To make the experience complete, we had to try gelato.  Neither of us had ever had gelato before.  It was very tasty but we were unable to finish it because we had eaten so much already.  This place has a very laid back feel.  We enjoyed our server and the front coffee shop girl.  I do however feel like the coffee/gelato shop operated seperately from the resteraunt.  Can't wait to come back and try the coffee in the AM and the other menu items!
5	I had the breakfast Cabo burrito, it is delicious and served on a plate with thinly sliced apples, it is a great way to start your day!
4	This full-bar cafe came highly recommended, I found it better than expected. Was then surprised to see less than 4 starts. Mostly because this isn't your average coffee shop. After talking to the server, I discovered it was born out of the owner's love of european bistros. That explains quite a bit. I love the Alice's Restaurant ("You can get anything you want") aspect and dig the relaxed atmosphere. For example, the choices include: espresso bar coffee, gelato and pastries in the front; or cruise on back to the wine, beer and a full-service menu section. If you like the efficiency of Strarbucks or fast food establishments you won't like this place. But That's exactly why I like it. You'll also find it more upscale than most coffee shops. Table service is the norm, and you can choose from cushioned bar-height table seating, cushioned regular table seating or white leather booths. Or pull up a stool at the bar in the back (alcohol bar, not coffee bar) and order from a selection of excellent craft beers, or independent wines while you watch the game on the flat-panel t.v.s...  I'm sure I forgot something, but these independent gems need to survive if we're to have true food & drink experience options. I gave it 4 stars due to the full-menu options, overall quality, ambience and friendly staff.
2	Ground Control has the markings of a solid establishment. But the service was sub-par. The kitchen was closing more than 90 minutes before the restaurant closed. On top of that, the coffee bar was also shut down. Thankfully, they were able to make their "Half-Baked Cookie" which was more than fully cooked... The beer was above average, with good selection at a decent price. But overall, it wasn't very welcoming, nor did the staff seem interested in wanting to accommodate their patrons.
5	I went here after being treated rudely at another establishment. The breakfast burrito I had was excellent. My son loved his ham egg and cheese bagel. Melissa and everyone else we delt with at Ground Control understood what excellent customer service means. They have gained new Sunday morning customers.
5	Love this place. Food is consistent and I think really good. Wait staff is available but in no way try to hurry you. It's relaxing and comfortable. The burger, pizza and chicken sandwich are excellent choices.
3	Food is great. The service is normally lacking.  It often takes a long time to be served.    The servers often act like we are an inconvenience for them.  I cannot tell you how many times I've seen people walk out because they didn't get served.  The place is also clearly not completed yet.  Some of the booths are quite gross to sit on.  We continue, and will continue, to return because of the food and great drinks.
5	An amazing list of wine and beer! The food and service was outstanding! If you need a friendly place with great customer service. The food will entertain any palate as well. If your in a hurry you can call your ordering ahead of time or stop by for some amazing coffee!We will be back here in the near future!
1	Gave the place several chances and shared my experience with the manager.  He spent more time defending the employee  (that needs customer service training)  than he did apologizing.  The response received was unacceptable.  Service was horrible, and I would question the sanitation practices of the wait staff.  It's too bad, the place has a great beer selection and the food is good but the general atmosphere is sub-par. Not going back.
2	Food was good but service rather slow as the bartender was the only person covering the restaurant. He was a nice guy, just shouldn't of had to carry the load.
2	24 taps with a great beer selection! That's it! Just go here for their beer thats it.. I have been to many places that serve good beer and every single one had great food. Ground  controls food is not good.  Ordered burger rare came in we'll done. The bun on the burger was Sara Lee I think. This place has a lot of potential if they can figure out how to make good gastropub style food.
2	The food and beer is amazing but the service usually is slow and sucky.  Don't come in with a time limit.
3	Not bad.  I liked their Verrado location a lot more.  The food is just ok.  The almond milk latte I had was absolutely delish!  The service was friendly, but slow.  I walked in to receive a wonderful greeting from the barista at the front.  They had a great beer selection too.  I will definately try the scene at night as it seems that is when most of their crowd draws.
4	People should ignore the negative reviews on Ground Control. The west valley really needed a modern midrange restaurant that serves good food. Ground Control has a bit of a Ling & Louie's vibe, if you're familiar with them.The service was good and so was the price. It seems to me that Ground Control established itself somewhat while at the Verrado, and should hopefully integrate easily into this location.
5	Pizza, Beer,wine, cheese boards and gelato is fabulous.  Love that we have this kind of unique restarant on the westside.
3	Decent service. Not super friendly. Coffee was pretty good, not amazing by any means. It's a comfortable place to meet with friends and chat. Good atmosphere.
5	I really enjoy this place. We have always had great food... The Pizzas are awesome! They have an amazing beer selection and also fill growlers as well as sell some bottles. They get some rare and harder to find beers. They also brew some amazing coffees. This place is a great place to go and hang with some friends and have some good beer.
5	I visited Ground Control about a year ago for some tea and conversation. Since then, I've told my husband, "Hey, we should go there together." That finally came about--and now we can't wait to go back!This was part of a night on indulgence. We were here for drinks and dessert, though a number of things on the regular food menu look good, too. I had a chocolate strawberry martini and it was GOOD. It even looked pretty. My husband had the beer sampler and enjoyed several immensely. He was happy to buy a growler to bring home.Then there was dessert. Oh my. First of all, I was able to go up and sample several kinds of gelato. The selection is really amazing. We then had stracciatella atop the half-baked chocolate chip cookie. This cookie was the size of a frisbee! It's thin, sure, but oh my goodness it was rich and delicious. I was ready to explode by the time we were done, but wow, what a dessert.Oh yes, we will return.
4	Went here a couple weeks ago to watch a friend play. I must say I was pretty impressed. Good atmosphere and the beers they had were great! I shall be back.
5	My wife and I find ourselves going to Ground Control at least once a week. This restaurant/bar/coffee shop just seems to be getting better and better. The staff here are great. Staff like Ian, Lacie, and Todd are how you can make a good place to go into a great one. Sean has been making consistent changes to Ground Control over the years but has really found the perfect blend of excellent food, due to his executive chef and proper service due to the current crew. P.S. Order a cola-weizen.
5	Whats not to LOVE about this place on the West Side?  28 or so ALL CRAFT BEERS On Tap. Gourmet Espresso to DIE for and Service from Resident Beer Expert Ian Harwell.  Almost forgot, the Whiskey & Scotch selection here is INSANE!  Really Insane!  I have never seen a bigger or better selection in my life.   Head out to the West Side and go to Caballero, Ground Control and Peoria Artisan Brewery & make a day of it!  Great Day Trip!
5	Bring a DD (designated driver)..the beer selection is great!  We enjoyed the pizzas and the ambiance, everything.  The waitress Liz took care of our every need, checking on us every so often.  We had to order desert to have a reason to stay longer.  We  were relaxing ..haha!
4	We visited again for lunch. The atmosphere is great. The biggest complaint: our food was sloooooow. Our waitress apologized several times. Fortunately, we weren't in a hurry and it was nice to just sit and talk.I had the flatbread off the appetizer menu. It's large, the size of a pizza, and not that flat, really. I enjoyed the toppings and the chewy texture of the bread. It was quite dry, though, since it had no sauce and just chunks of cheese and tomato. I still enjoyed it. (At home, I heated up my leftovers, added salad greens, and a balsamic drizzle. The balsamic was awesome and fixed the dryness problem.)My husband had the triple double pizza. To quote the menu: "San Marzano tomatoes, hot & sweet sausage, red bell pepper, pepperoncini, mozzarella and monterey jack." To add to that: "Pure deliciousness."  My husband loved it, and the few bites I had were awesome. It had the perfect kick to it. Plus, tons of cheese.I'd come for lunch again if I wasn't in a hurry, but I don't think I'd get the flatbread again. Fortunately, there are a bunch of other things that look delicious--I was definitely eyeing the salad on my neighbor's table.
5	AWESOME Beer selection!!! Awesome Food... Great place! I would say that it is like a gem in the valley, especially on the West side.
1	I'm sorry but the service here is terrible!  And the food is mediocre. Been several times and every single time I am actively ignored for upwards of 10 minutes especially at the bar. The ONLY reason we keep going back is to fill our growlers with beer. In the coffee shop up front they keep all their supplies and back stock where everyone can see it. Very messy. I wouldn't waste my time or money here
3	I cannot believe that such a great place can spiral to such a bad thing.  I have been coming here for years.  They were at a different location and it seems like their new spot just hasn't had the same appeal. In the West Valley it is near impossible to find a spot with good beers and wines and this place has so much to be desired because they have the beer and wines, but the horrible service and food just leaves you disappointed. The staff just have no attention to the customers and at times they are understaffed.  I understand the constraints of staff but maybe a different approach to leadership can help this place because the clientele is still coming in but even talking with people I know, everyone agrees the service is just bad.
4	We had the IT  Combo sandwich, a combination Italian Beef and Sausage. It was great. I especially liked the au jus that came with the sandwich so one could dip it if they liked. Yum.They have 20something taps of draft beer, all craft beer as opposed to massbrews, I think. It's a pretty good selection indeed.I had the hoppy cider. i didn't like it at first, ut it grew on me pretty quickly. I liked it a lot by the end of the pint. It's good stuff. My only problem was the bad service. The service was pretty darn terrible, bur thwe food was really good, and the beer selection is great.
4	Ground Control is a common study location for me and my friends. Having a unique atmosphere, comfortable seats, coffee and gelato. As well as a full service lunch and dinner menu and a full selection of craft beers and a variety of wines perfect for after a long afternoon of studying to finish the day off right. My favorite are their pizzas handmade in their brick oven. The best Chai Latte I've ever had! Open mic night is Wednesday nights and some bright talent from around these parts of town. Overall 4/5 for the atmosphere and wide variety of eats and treats.
4	We had breakfast which I got disorder coffee - black & white chocolate yum. Awesome cabo breakfast burritto with avocado eggs  cheese bacon & potato plus it's huge I'm taking the 2nd half home for breakfast tomorrow. My friends says the banana nut muffin was really good!
1	Poor customer service. Mediocre coffee probably because of poor customer service.
4	Had the BBQ pizza outstanding! Will definitely go back and try the rest of the menu and a couple of beers.  The service was good during lunch normal wait time.
3	Similar to other reviews, great food, wine and beer selection, awful service!  I have NEVER had a good customer service experience here.  After finding a table, it usually takes a 1/2 hour to even have a waitress stop by and say hi, let alone take an order.  There is usually one waitress running around while the others sit by and meander from task to task.  It is so bad we no longer consider it as an option.  It's too bad because the good is soo good!
5	i was visiting a friend in phoenix and she suggested going here for dinner. she goes here a lot and said it was really good. she was right.they have a decent beer selection and it's always changing. we all split a cheese board and park fries with aioli. both were good. i got a farmer's pizza (or something like i can't, i can't remember the exact name) which was also delicious. our server was super friendly as well.my friend got gelato for dessert, which i tasted, and was so good. i'd definitely go back if i were in the area again. it's a cool place to just hang out as well, all the staff seemed really friendly and i really liked the atmosphere.
2	I have now been to Ground Control twice including today, the pizza was very good but the customer service has been horrible both times. The initial greeting you receive when you walk in is non-existent, then without a hello we are told to sit where ever we want, considering 95% of the tables had a reserve sign on them they should have just sat us. Then the server, we will not consider him Mr. Personality.
3	Came with wife and kids and other relatives because this place was featured on Arizona Highways. We weren't sure if we had to wait to be seated or seat ourselves, no signage. Server at the front counter was nice and directed us to seat ourselves.Our server came over and seemed annoyed when we asked to join two tables for a larger party. There were other servers hanging around. When the youngest kid in our party got a bit cranky, we got "the stare" from a server while other customers seemed a bit more understanding.I ordered the burger, wife ordered the pork sandwich, kids had the cheese pizza. Food was better than ok but far from great.I would recommend if it weren't for the mediocre service.
5	I Just ... Like This Place Alot.Ground Control is not like any other coffee house but then again Ground Control is much more then a coffee house.  Ground Control has a relaxed feel and the food and service have always been excellent. Ground Control offers  daily and weekly specials at a very reasonable price.On my very first visit to Ground Control I was drawn to the  Gelato case.  I have to admit next to a good Italian ice Gelato is my second sweet tooth weakness.  I will not  claim to be a Gelato expert, however, I have tatsed many Gelato's and I can say in  confidence that Ground Controls Gelato is the real deal, this  gelato is  very good.  I always struggle choosing between the lemon or blood orange (blood orange usually wins). I wish I could say that  I have tried many items off the menu but that just isn't the case.  The reason why I haven't explored more items off the menu is because I am addicted to the  pizza, which is cooked in a wood fired oven.  The pizza at Ground Control is excellent. Try the B-B-Q it's delicious (get a side order of garlic parm fries, very tasty)The wine and beer lists are likewise excellent.Ground Control is an ideal place to visit for a leisurely and inviting meal.
4	We had a very pleasant experience at Ground Control. We had a large party and we were able to find comfortable seating the moment we walked in (6:00 pm on a Saturday night). The waiter was very attentive and took our order immediately. The drinks arrived quickly and the food shortly thereafter. Most of us had wine flights and the selection of wine was very good. My husband and I shared a cheese plate and we loved it! The selection of cheese was excellent and was served with a fig compote, dried apricots and walnuts which highly complimented the selection. The price of the food and drinks was reasonable as well. The only reason I did not give 5 stars was because the interior could use some sprucing up. All in all this is a great neighborhood spot! We love it and we will be back!
2	2 stars for the unique and varied selection of custom-made coffees and teas as well as an extensive wine and craft beer list.-3 stars because their wi-fi was down both times I visited.  When asked what is going on with the wi-fi, the barista said "I have no idea and the owner is out of town".  Really?  You are a coffee shop that has no idea how to configure or troubleshoot a wi-fi connection?  What the hell do you think people come to your establishment if it is not to get some work done while enjoying an ice-cold goblet of craft brew or cup of quality espresso?A coffee shop with no wi-fi is like a bar with non-alcoholic beer.  Give me a flippin break.
1	Waited an hour and a half for food and waiter said sorry we have a small kitchen. There were large tables and they seem to cater to them and not to the smaller tables. The waiter had way too many tables and some of the other servers had none. We watched four couples walk out in anger as I almost did until the server brought us our food as I was standing to walk out. I took my daughter out for a nice meal as I work nights and never get to see her and was very disappointed with our night. I will never be going here again.
4	Just want to update fellow Yelpers on my experience with this establishment.  The owner Tara personally messaged me on here to let me know the wi-fi was fixed and to thank me for my business.  I am currently in Ground Control and everything is working great.  Bumping my rating back up to 4 stars for the pro-active communication and service by the owner of Ground Control.
4	I've been to the ground control ever since they were in located at Indian school rd. & Litchfield. This new location now is much more closer to my house which is nice. I've only try their chicken quesadilla to go and it was very delicious! It comes with 1 chipotle sauce, sour cream and a side of pico de gallo. The chipotle sauce was a lil bit spicy but I love it! Yesterday was a bummer, I didn't know that they're gonna have a private party so they were close from 5pm to 8pm so my friends and I relocated and ate dinner at Takamatsu, but we came back for dessert while still chitchatting. The amarena gelato is a must try. The customer service was great, the guy who helped us was nice & friendly.
5	My only wish is that I could give more than five stars for Ground Control's incredible coffee and gelato. Ground Control has a fantastic mocha. Too often the method with mochas is to continue to add chocolate and sugar until the bitterness and burnt-ness often found in lower-quality coffee is obliterated, like having two lead guitarists simultaneously trying to outdo one another--the end result is too aggressive on both fronts, leaving the victim with both an acrid taste from meh coffee and and saliva like syrup from the over-sugaring that counters the coffee. Ground Control is the rare coffee shop that in mochas focuses on the flavor of the coffee--the chocolate and sugar in its mocha complements the mocha, not competes with it, like a true duet should. The end result is a delightfully nuanced dance of coffee and chocolate.
1	I hate this place so much.  I've always found them very rude and the first location always felt dirty.  The new location was a little cleaner but I won't be back to see how it is now.  The food wasn't very good and is a bit pricey for what you get.
1	Booked a reservation 2 weeks in advance for a going away party. Confirmed that they could accommodate the amount of people a week prior. We show up 15 minutes to seven, and nothing was ready for us. 30 minutes later we are still not seated. When we asked what the confusion was about, the manager lied and said someone had called her and told her that fewer people would be coming, which was not true at all. On top of this, the manager was extremely rude and not helpful. Half of our group simply left because of her attitude. We were not able to get waited on while we were there. The service has always sucked here. It seems like the less Lt. Col Rassas is involved, the worse it gets. It's a shame that my buddy had to leave the Air Force on such a downer.
2	We went there this past Sunday in a party of 12. I have to jump on the band wagon of past reviewers and say that the service is well below par. But first, let me mention the most important thing; the air conditioning was not working properly. There we were at a large gathering, backed into a corner with sweat rolling down our faces for a couple of hours. The waitress said she would turn it down, but then another employee let it spill that they had been having trouble with the AC breaking down for several DAYS! It would have been nice to know this before we all sat down and ordered. Bad  restaurant karma I would say. What goes around comes around.Next, the waitress did not bring us coasters even after being asked three times, did not set us up with silverware, and generally acted like she didn't care much about our requests. My husband had to reminder to bring a refill of his wine three times before it was brought. Another young man finally brought our coasters and extra napkins (for all the sweat) and our set ups. Friends in our party had pizzas and they looked fantastic. Hubby had the steak salad and it was good also. I had a basic hamburger and it was fine. Everyone seemed quite happy with their food. Bottom line - Food/ good; Service/ Poor. Be prepared.
2	The first time my fiance and I went with his sister in law for coffee. The coffee was great and it had a cool feel to just sit and chat. My fiance had grown up on the west side and new coffee shops like this weren't easy to find. So we went back thinking it was our best option besides the local Starbucks (we love local coffee shops so this is our last resort). We ordered two lattes and we're incredibly disappointed with what we got. I don't know much about coffee compared to my fiance, whose a barista, but I knew the color was not the right color for a latte and it tasted like watered down coffee with low fat milk (and we did double check that they were vanilla lattes when we picked them up). We were incredibly disappointed with the fact they served us something that was so below par just from the look of it.
5	Awesome restaurant. It's super local. The food is great. The wood fired oven pizzas especially. The atmosphere is great. It's really a great place to be on Friday night with all the happy people and great music. They have an awesome selection of craft beer. Their cabo breakfast burritos are a must. We swing by regularly just for these. Highly recommended! The only criticism we have is that the non pizza and burrito menu food can be better.
2	After hearing and reading all kinds of reviews, we decided to check G C out.  A Saturday early afternoon.  Sat at bar.  Had The Worst customer service by the bartender.  No smile, no suggestions.  Husband ordered a draught beer.   I ordered a cocktail that had about 3 ice cubes.  Asked for a lime + was told "oh i dont have any cut right now."  What?!!!  So Cut One!  Lazy.  Left after 1 drink.
1	Yep, the service sucks. The entry multi-tasks as the coffee counter/storage area/waiting space for the restaurant and chances are if you are there to be seated, you will be ignored for at least a couple minutes, several if they're busy. Whoever is running the joint aggressively doesn't give a shit, because they've had these reviews for awhile and my two visits were spaced 6 months apart, and it's the exact same. Some of the servers seem sympathetic to the plight of customers, but they appear powerless to make a real difference.Can't recommend the food. Ordered the Nosh Plate, which is advertised to include sopresatta. When my plate arrived sans-sopresatta, I had to show the waitress the menu to confirm it was indeed supposed to have sopresatta. She returned with meat so finely cubed that it looked like cat food in the bowl. Maybe that's how you put it on a pizza? It's not how you should serve it on a meat & cheese plate. Olives were without the pit, which makes me question their quality.Garlic parmesan fries: lots of parmesan, very little garlic.Beet salad and a burger: acceptable, but you don't get points for just acceptable.Beers: they run out of them. A LOT. First visit, took three tries to find one. Second visit, two tries. They don't arrive to the table fast, either.Growlers: they seal them with this little plastic band that's a bitch to remove. Very nitpicky, but this place makes me want to complain about everything.No mas.
4	Just tried this place recently and order the burger and fries and had a glass of red wine with it. The food was amazing and I liked the atmosphere. The service was pretty good. No real complains. It's a little pricey for the quality but I would return esp since I haven't tried the gelato!
5	I've been coming here for well over a year now. The coffee selection is by far the best I've seen on this side of town and it keeps me coming back, despite the location. The food has always been good, whether it be breakfast, lunch or dinner. I'm not going to lie, there have been times that the service has been really slow, but other times it has been awesome. The atmosphere is great, especially on Friday and Saturday nights. During the week, I have no problem coming here to study and catch up on homework. The employees are all very friendly and the baristas will actually make conversation with you while they make your drink. Do not let one bad experience deter you from this awesome place.
5	Pretty awesome place indeed! Great fresh brewed coffee and delicious food. Try the Santorini and a breakfast burrito!
2	Great food. Crappy service.We ordered. Then we checked out the coffee menu for forever, got coffees, drank the large coffees, searched through all the beer, went to the bathroom, and still waited for a long time to get our food! And we were the only ones there!! What takes so long?!Every time I've been here I've waited for a long time. For drinks, food, and the check!No thank you.
2	I went in Tuesday for a quick drink with a friend and was thoroughly disappointed.  I ordered a Long Island ice tea which is a pretty standard drink but the two young ladies working had to look it up online. Okay, fine, but they were missing a few key ingredients  but served it anyway and it was awful, instead of serving a subpar drink, offer something else. Service was slow too. When we were ready to pay and leave, the waitress was off sitting and talking with some friends.
5	I have lived in the West Valley for a year and have never been here until today. What a waste of a year! This is my new favorite place to eat and I will be shocked if that changes any time soon! If you have not eaten here, you are missing out. If you have, shame on you for not telling me about it. ;-)  Service, atmosphere, service, drinks...everything is outstanding!
4	I was actually at Ground Control several days ago and know for a fact that they DO seat singles at tables, just not all the time. I went in alone for lunch the host looked around the room and explained that normally they don't seat singles at tables during busy lunch hours, but she'd make an exception because there were so many tables available. Lucky me! Having worked in restaurants I completely understand, and anyone would too if they took a closer look inside - only 10 tables or so! Seems like the angry reviewer didn't want to hear what the host was saying, because she probably told her the exact same thing she told me...she just happened to catch them when they were busy. I'll happily sit at the bar next time I go alone, and I highly recommend this spot to others - single or not!
4	Liking the place, came here for a first time and so far it looks like a good place to hang out. They play live music! Although, I didn't try the food they do have good beers :)
3	I  been there several times. The food is really good, concept is excellent and the owner is very nice/helpful when he is there. The service is woeful.  Incredibly slow and they forget you all the time. Busy or slow, its always the same. Some of the servers are not exactly personable.  Shame because it could be really fantastic.  If I was basing my review on service alone, it would get one star.
5	Great coffee served up, fairly quick.  I got a peppermint Mocha and Cafe Vienna.  The latter has cinnamon and honey.  Neither coffee drink was too sweet.  Thinking about the pizza.....
5	This is hands down the destination for craft beer in the west valley. The coffee is amazing as well. The food is awesome EAT THE HOT TODDY PIZZA!! Service is great and atmosphere is good.
5	Amazing place!  Great staff,  food is yummy and the craft beers are numerous! I have never been disappointed when coming here!
5	Excellent! Every item on their dinner/lunch menu has been so delightful!  Wines are fabulous from refreshing whites to exquisite red wines. My husband and I, have made this our local tasting room. All nested in a beautiful community of Litchfield, AZMake it place to discover for coffee (exceptional fresh) lunch, dinner or a place to enjoy a social time with the locals.Check it out, you will not be disappointed!!
1	Zero stars. My wife ordered a medium well burger it came out rare at best, did not give me the right food, then tried to charge us for a extra drink, and fries we told them at the start we did not get.  Bad service and they added $10 on our bill for services we did not get. Not to mention we asked 2 separate employees for the manager and after seeing them speak to her she walked by us several times and did not say a word.  Finally the Executive Chef came out to help us with our issues. Tommy was a great help, Lacy the "manager" was not so much help with this issue. When my wife informed Lacy that it was taken care of she said she had no idea what was going in. Remember I saw 2 people talk to her and point at us and she looked right at us when being told about our issues by our waiter Chris.
1	This was my second visit to Ground Control, my first was about this time last year. My first visit was with a childhood friend. Having enjoyed my meal so much the first time I decided to hold a business meeting here this time. I got there about mid morning. The place was deserted so I was instructed to seat myself by a young barista dressed in all black. I sat for about 4-5 minutes until a foot-shuffling server dressed in a black velour track suit brought our menus. I was shocked to see the delicious breakfast items I remember from my first visit are no longer offered (banana Nutella crepes, anyone?)The offerings were nothing impressive. The pancakes were plain. Nothing special. My eggs, I can't remember the specific name of them but they had the word Tucson in them, were literally plain scrambled eggs with pico on the side and avocado on top. They were good but nothing my young son couldn't make on a Saturday morning. The diced potatoes were dry and overcooked. The two pieces of bacon that came with my meal were decent but again, nothing special. I invited my business associate to this location because I was looking to make a great impression. That was a fail. I thought that this place was kind of a specialty coffee bar but no mention was made by the server offering coffee, lattes or cappuccinos. I was disappointed. I didn't feel confident enough to order a random coffee so I drank water. Here's where it gets good- about 40 minutes into our meal/meeting an overwhelming chemical smell overtook the restaurant. We persevered with our meeting while the fumes kept getting worse and worse. I asked my associate and she said, "they just lit the oven, I'm sure it's fine". None of the servers really seemed bothered by it while I was getting increasingly lightheaded and woozy. I told my associate I needed to use the restroom (I intended to splash water on my face to see if I could feel better). When I opened the restroom door whatever toxic fumes were in the dining area were 20 times worse in the restroom!  I immediately turned around and asked my companion to go outside. While we were outside, a server came outside. I asked about the smell. She told us the owner was on the phone with someone. I told her, "it better be the fire department". She said, "oh that's a good idea" and went inside. We left. I vomited twice within 10 minutes of leaving the restaurant and was lightheaded and sick all day. I tried to contact the restaurant yesterday to find out what the smell was but no one answered. I assumed they were closed. I called the next day and was told by the person who answered the phone that ,"I wasn't here yesterday but the pizza oven is working fine today". I explained that based on my reaction yesterday I was concerned about the fumes. She refused to give me any information.  I'm aggravated because I feel like they didn't care about my health or my concern for my health. Please don't get me wrong. Accidents happen. Stuff happens but after I expressed my concern wanting to know what caused the fumes my request for information was rebuffed as if I'm merely curious. Not ok Ground Control. Not ok.
3	The food is great but a bit pricy for lunch. Coffee is good
5	A great place to dine, very intimate with great servers! The seating is perfect, good spacing between tables. Servings are great proportions, you'll definitely will get the best for your dollar. Perhaps, some trio music, could enhance the nights on Saturdays, since the holiday season has arrive.
4	Usually a good selection of brew .. Mostly California and other West Coast breweries. Food above average.  Service tonight was very good but I have been there when it's slow.We'll be back.
5	Visited today with my family, for Sunday brunch.  I'd read the mixed reviews, and was  prepared for delicious food but possibly sub par service. Totally not the case! As soon as we walked in,  the woman behind the coffee bar told us to have a seat wherever we'd like.  Before we even got to a table, (our kiddos stopped to gaze at the huge fish tank), we were greeted by our waiter, Tyler. He gave us menus and took our drink orders. He quickly returned with the drinks, and since I didn't see coffee on the menu,  I simply asked if I could order some from the table. He said yes. I asked what he recommended,  and he made some suggestions. I ended up ordering a "Cafe Roma", which he brought within minutes. Delicious! We each ordered something different,  and it was all delish! I must say, the food here is excellent! Throughout our visit, Tyler was very attentive and polite. He even made small talk with our kids, which is always a plus! He was on top of drink refills and brought us some to go boxes (big portions!). I'm very impressed. We were very pleased with our visit! Delicious food, family friendly and great service!  DEFINITELY will return!
2	I've been to Ground Control for coffee, beer, and food, but would only return for the beer, of which they have a great selection and reasonable prices.They have a beautiful La Marzocca espresso machine, but their in-house roasted beans taste inferior to many mass-produced brands.The one time I ordered food it was pathetic:  Pizze margherita that were over-sauced and under-cooked,  buffalo mozzarella tasted off,  no cornichone, no char, and no spotting.  The Phoenix area probably has more awesome neopolitan style pizzerias per-capita that any city in the U.S., but ground control's pizza is barely edible. The poutine and wings were even worse--like what would happen if some some highschool stoner friend was given access to commercial cooking equipment.
4	Great place! Great wine!Sometimes the service can be a little slow or in our case the server gave us menu's then when she came to take our order she told us the items we chose were out of stock since the day prior. So it would have been nice to know that, lol.
5	So I've been here a few times in the past years, I think starting in 2008? Or 2009...whatever, it was the holidays so same difference, and it was their old location. My girlfriend, a Zonie, introduced me to Ground Control when I first visited her (she wasn't my girlfriend then, and I was married to a guy back in Indiana, but that's a whoooooole other story). We try to hit up GC at least once per trip to her parents' and it's consistently good coffee, good service, good atmosphere, and a good time. Their special espresso drinks are super good and their gelato is super DUPER good.Basically go here! They have a menu and neat tap list too, I just haven't tried anything from those yet (but seeing what other people have ordered, it's tempting).
5	I live in Chandler, so the ONLY negative thing I can say is that this place needs to be a lot closer to me! Had a great time here - I've seen them on Check Please! and have been wanting to eat here plus I knew about the amazing tap list from hearing from other beer nerds and was excited to try it out. This place does not disappoint. From coffee to gelato to wine and beer and great food - they have it all covered here! I tried a beer flight and loved getting to try some of the best taps around thanks to their awesome beer guy Ian. The food was really great too, I know my friends were all really happy with their selections as well. Next time I want to try some wines for wine night - it all looked really great!
