4	This Walgreens is convenient because it is less than a mile from my house. I am to say that if I need something, they have it. They especially have a Hawaiian section. I was a very happy before going on vacation to see that they added the Hawaiian section. My son and I especially love that they had "Li Hing Mui". The bag is $5.99. We ate the whole thing on the plane and in the car when my sister picked us up from the airport in WA State. And ate the other when we got back home. Thanks, Walgreens for adding the Hawaiian section.
4	Ok. So while I was waiting for my pizzas at Pizza Hut, which was around the corner in the same building..... I of course head to the Hawaiian section. Last time, I got some Li Hing Keiki. This time, I bought some Banana Chips and more Li Hing Mui. I also got packages of candy.. The store brand packages of orange slices, carmel candy, and gummy worms....Each package was 39 cents.. I was in shock to see that it went from $1 to 39 cents, so I bought 3 packages of orange slides, one of gummy worms, and one of carmel candies. I haven't opened them yet, but when I do, I will be in paradise.
2	Friendly staff, but the slowest pharmacy I have ever experienced.
4	Walgreens Southern Highlands is much like every neighborhood Walgreens in Las Vegas. The only thing that sets them apart is the level of services. Southern Highlands gets 4 stars because the staff is always friendly and the pharmacy is quite helpful. The only thing is they often seem under staffed and lines back up. It seems 50/50 to me if I'm going to have to wait or not. And it is not that I'm just coming at peak hours. All in all if you are in Southern Highlands it's definitely worth going in as the next Walgreen is miles away.
5	This Walgreens is great! Very nice, very clean, very well maintained and stocked. The staff is quite helpful.
5	Staff are very friendly specially JASON from the photo department.  He knew where everything was and he checked us out when we were ready to go. Also, he was very personable and made us feel very welcomed, much like the local store back home. I definitely recommend this walgreens..although a couple miles further from home,  it's well worth the drive. And their sales are awesome! !
