4	Coming off our prior evening at L'Orignal, my friend and I wanted a dining experience that would be close to that standard.  The concierge recommended Bar & Beouf.  The restaurant, we were told by the hostess, was not typically open on a Sunday, but they were this evening with a 5 course prix frie menu for $45 (I think--I hope I'm not misremembering things).  The first part of the dinner was an amuse-bouche of salmon tartare (I think) on piece of baguette.  Very tasty, but not the highlight of the meal (then again, it isn't supposed to be!).  The next course offered a choice of salad or a cold pea soup. My friend got the soup and enjoyed it; I had the salad and enjoyed the perfectly ripe tomatoes.  Tasty, but nothing to write home about.  The next course were small tomatoes with this amazing (AMAZING!) mozarella cheese foam.  It was a delightful take on a caprese salad.  The cheese foam (seriously--that couldn't have been a block of cheese) was so light and the tastes were brought out in a way that the cheese alone wouldn't have done.  Our main entree was either a beef pot roast (sorry, I don't speak or read French, so this is the closest I am getting) that my friend ordered.  I tried it--it was delicious.  Perfectly tender and melted away in your mouth.  I had the sea bass, which was cooked to perfection.  Dessert was a large piece of brownie with whipped cream and some ice cream on top.  I was so stuffed I couldn't finish the dessert, and wished I could pack it away for later that evening.Bar & Boeuf was a wonderful experience.  The atmosphere is a tad cold, but that wasn't helped since the place wasn't that busy (again, they said they weren't usually open on a Sunday, but they had a large group eating in the one section of the restaurant).  The wait staff was very attentive to our table.  The tomato and cheese salad dish bumped this up to 4-stars for me.  I want to go back when their normal menu is in use.
5	Ended up here for dinner because I was an idiot and didn't call for reservations early enough for Au Pied du Cochon and then decided to give this place a shot in place of it. What a great choice it turned out to be.So I figured what the hell and went for the 7 course meal with wine pairings. It was beyond awesome although the sitting ended up taking almost 4 hours which had to be the longest dinner I've ever had.The selections were all pretty good but my favorites were the duck foie gras, country bread and the beef. All the wine pairings were very good and the explanations from the waiter and sommelier were helpful and interesting.So if your looking for a food orgy followed by a long food coma while amazingly not feeling stuffed go here. You will not be disappointed.
4	We arrived in Montreal earlier this afternoon, exhausted after a 6 hour drive from Buffalo and really just wanting a good, non-fast-food meal before crashing for the night. After walking around the neighborhood and not finding very many options open tonight (it's Tuesday night), we hopped in to Bar & Boeuf because it looked like a much better option than the diner across the street. :) We were greeted warmly and seated quickly; I'm definitely thankful for the availability of a coat check. Also, decent wine selection; I really enjoyed a glass of pinot noir that I'm kicking myself for not writing down the name of. I started with the green salad; the greens were fresh, crispy, and perfectly dressed. Nothing really special, but after a day of driving and eating horrible fast food, I attacked that salad like a ravenous wolf. Vegetation = yum. My husband and I also split the heirloom tomato salad, and we were surprised at how sweet and juicy the tomatoes were given the fact that it's the middle of February! The Bufala Mozzarella had a whipped, almost foamy texture -- it was the perfect, light start to the meal. My husband ordered the Black Angus Beef, which was good but tasted as if it might have spent a little too much time marinating; the taste of the marinade overpowered the beef somewhat. However, the accompanying fries were fresh and crispy, and the seasoning on the fries complemented the beef well. The thing I really want to write about, though, is the braised pig chuck. The server told me it was their specialty, and they definitely deliver on that. OMG. The pork was super tender, topped with a really nice burgundy mushroom sauce and a perfectly poached egg. The dish was so very homey -- exactly the comfort food I was needing. It was served atop mashed potatoes that were mixed with cheese curds. It was so good, I have to say it twice: MASHED POTATOES MIXED WITH CHEESE CURDS. Seriously yum.I'm ready to crash asleep right now, but that pork was so good I had to Yelp it right away. If you find yourself at Bar & Boeuf, definitely make it a point to order the pig chuck -- it's a must.
4	A very last minute trip brought me to Montreal and of course to my original disappointment I couldn't get a table at any of the places I had my heart set on; however the two of us foodies watched the disappointment disappear as we started our meal at Bar & Boeuf.  The Sommelier had a strong knowledge of the mainly European wine section and helped guide us to something that matched well with what we were ordering.  The king mushrooms and scallops both were average compared to the MUST try main course of the PIG CHUCK.  WOW is all I can say and no knife required for this great dish.  If you're a foodie it's worth checking out.  The atmosphere was solid; it wasn't so loud you couldn't carry on a conversation with someone next to you, but it had a vibe.
5	WOW!  This is why Yelp* exists!  Was sitting in my hotel room in Montreal thinking about where to enjoy a Saturday night dinner out on the town and came across Bar & Boeuf on Yelp and made a reservation via Open Table.  Great location and from the moment I walked in the door until I left in a nirvanic haze some three and a half hours later, I was treated like a king!  A very strong wine list coupled with an innovative menu and gorgeous plating made for an unforgettable dining experience.  Listening to other diners around me I feel pretty comfortable in saying that everyone was enjoying their meals as much as I did!  I can without hesitation recommend the Heirloom Tomato/Buffala Mozzarella appetizer and the (now famous) Pig Chuck.    Take a spin on their very informative (and bilingual!) website and look forward to a great evening.
5	What a great restaurant, try the menu degustation with the wine pairing, it is simply excellent! Sommelier Jean-Francois describes each wine in great detail, pairing them perfectly with the mouth-watering food.
5	Food: Chose the 7 course tasting menu, try it for yourself, a must visit when in Montreal. (Scale 1-10 rating)1) Cherry tomato salad with Chessy foam emulsion, my fiance's favorite dish, its fresh and clean, (9.5)2) Smoked duck (smells like bacon MMmmmm) with duck confeit croquette. (9.5)3) Froie Gras scallops with peas and ham, its partitioned by a toasted sweetened piece of bread, textures are really great, both cooked perfectly (9)4) Arctic Char ... nothing memeroable, cooked well, flavor... forgetable. (7), nothing against the dish itself, it may be the fish, I don't know, I am not a "fish guy"5) Black Angus steak, this was awesome it was accompanied with a parsnip puree potatoe and some veggies, (10)--- I started having a food coma---- so just #'s from this momment on6) Warm brie shaped in a circular mold with white toast - (8)7) Lychee sorbet (8)Service: Spot on, very attentive, even admitted that the bartender forgot to add simple syrup in my fiance's mojito.Decor: Contemporary, Sheek, feels like a lounge, high ceilings, very comfy coushioned seats.Price: Very reasonable for their 7 course tasting menu. 65$ I have never paid this little... Convience: Location is easy to get to, its 4 minutes walk from Le Westin in downtown. Opentable.com reservation made things go smoothly.
5	I happened to be up in Montreal for my birthday and wanted something truly special to celebrate. When I was poking around on Yelp looking for a place I saw Bar & Boeuf and my favorite two little words: "tasting menu". Decision made.Our very friendly and generally attentive waitress greeted us and hooked us up with menus and water. She didn't offer a cocktail and I didn't take the opportunity to just ask for one, which meant I did not have a manhattan on my birthday (sacrilege, I know!). It also meant it violated one of the best rules for life I've ever heard - every great meal should start with a great cocktail. That said, we glanced at the menu mostly because it was there, but we knew what wanted going in - bring on the tasting menu.Unfortunately I can't remember each delicious dish we had, but I can say every one we had was an absolute hit - almost always triples and homers. The one thing that I did find odd about the overall experience was there were 7 courses but only 5 wine parings. While the dessert was just fine without it (a dish featuring an ice cream that defined the word creamy), the cheese course lacked a wine pairing and it was noticeably absent. The best dish by far was probably the appetizer, which was a "deconstructed caprese" for lack of a better way to describe it - a nice soft whipped buffalo milk with cherry tomatoes and basil - just outstanding.The only small issue we had was as Anglophones in a predominately French speaking restaurant everyone kept trying to speak French to us before remembering that we only spoke English. I don't think this was an attempt to be snooty (snobby), more just they weren't expecting us. But the experience was still fantastic from start to finish, and it was a perfect way to spend a birthday.
4	Awesome! We ate there while on vacation and it was fantastic!
5	I have often been frustrated with Montreal's lack of quality steak. Many  people rave about amazing steaks at this or that restaurant, but I'm not always convinced that they really know a good steak from a bad one. Or maybe they just don't eat steak very often, and consequently any steak is a good steak.In any case, Bar & Boeuf is one of the few places that I, as a displaced Albertan and general fan of quality beef, can wholeheartedly endorse as having a really, really, REALLY good steak. The cherry tomato salad is also rather delicious.
1	Did not have a good experience there at all. Seemed good from the reviews, but food was bland and all the staff looked like they wanted to be somewhere else. Atmosphere cold as Ice. Much better places elsewhere.
3	Tried the heirloom tomato salad, lobster, beef tartar, and cheese plate... everything was good (although i wasn't a big fan of the cheese foam with the tomatoes).
4	Bar and Boeuf is part of the McGill street explosion of eateries designed to cater to people in their 30's and up that sit outside of the hipster or scenester circle. That being said, you'll still see plenty of plaid shirts and some thick-rimmed glasses, but it's not the hipster hell of say, something like Lawrence.Anyways, it's very cozy and quaint inside, although much larger than it looks from the outside. The tables give that reclaimed-driftwood look with wrought iron trim that's very in now, and the waitstaff are decked out in red plaid. Behind you on the walls are jars of homemade tomato sauce. The whole thing is very "Greasy Spoon." The food is actually excellent. The presentation is good, portions are sizeable, and everything is delicious. Try the grilled cheese if you're hungry, it's particularly filling.Overall, more casual that anything, it's a great place for quality food in a chill atmosphere. I highly recommend it.
4	Bar & Boeuf is an amazing spot.  I went for my birthday and was not dissapointed.  The service was a little laissez faire for our taste, but the tasting menu was amazing.The steak had a great quality to it and the heirloom tomato salad was very tasty.If I'm ever in the area again or know people who are going, this is a place that I would definitely recommend.The ambiance is excellent as well.  It's very swank.
4	Each dish was masterfully composed and extremely thought out. The dishes made sense, each component complimented and contrasted something else on the plate to feature a well rounded dish. Consciousness in menu design for a place of such calibre is few and far between. Higher ticket restaurants MAY have a tendency to rely on reputation and place their namesake before their product, however this is not the case here. I'm glad to have had the opportunity to try Bar & Boeuf's new menu of refined execution in meal, atmosphere and experience.
2	Everything was really except the meat !!!! Our meat was tough extremely salty. We had a hard time cutting it with our knives!!!! It was cooked medium-rare as asked, but still very tough. I've been to this restaurant twice before and was not disappointed. This time, I'm reconsidering going back......
4	The place is beautiful.  We had appetizers all the way down to dessert. Presentations were all beautiful. Portions were a bit petit. Dinner for 2 with a 1/2 bottle of wine came to $210. Wait staff needs to be a little more attentive and caring. Chef came out to greet one table, then disappeared. I would have liked to say hello- wasn't very busy at the time.
3	Had a reservation at 9:30 on a Saturday night, ended up arriving a little past 10 and was seated right away. The space itself is nice and very modern. Really liked the decor and atmosphere as well as the attractive people. Onto the food. We shared a ton of appys, got the salmon, beef carpaccio (amazing), pork belly(avoid, no fat at all, you might as well eat pork loin), and the lobster. For the trey trey, out of the 6 of us there, 5 got the steak frites with half salad half fries. The steak had no char, and was underwhelming. The other friend who opted out of the steak got the sweetbreads. Those too were lacking of flavor. With the selection of restaurants in Montreal these days, I probably would not go back. I was definitely expecting more from such a visually pleasing place like this.
5	Great ambiance & food! +++
1	don't ever ask a bougie person for suggestions on a restaurant. Not being from montreal, I allowed a local to choose the restaurant, and his silly self took me here. i clearly said i wanted comfort food and poutine The food was horrible. The best part of my meal was the complimentary bread. The salmon tartar was bland. It tasted like your typical salmon sashimi. I ordered a burger as well and it was by far the saltiest piece of meat i have ever eaten. It was cooked to the core and looked like a hockey puck. I would've been happier with a McDonalds dollar burger. YUCK
4	Very good food, good atmosphere and good service.  It's my go to place when I'm on business in Montreal.
3	Had a nice supper here with some out of town friends and their adorable and extremely well mannered kids. The waiter was very attentive and accommodate the little girl's request for a slight change in her dish. The food was impeccably plated, the presentation was on par and the food was delicious. The ambience was a little quiet as the music was a tad low but we had plenty of conversation to keep us entertained. All in all I recommend it as a solid eatery with excellent service and a wide variety of friendly dishes to please everybody's tastes.
5	Hitting the spot after Poutine the night before, B&B was very good.  Great atmosphere, friendly staff, and good food - oysters and beef medium-rare with truffle-butter.  Service was a bit slow, but I wasn't in a hurry so it didn't bother me.  Normally I would give a place like this 4 stars, but I'm offsetting the vegetarian who went to a restaurant called Bar & Boeuf and complained about the menu.  Great wine selection as well.
2	Let me first start by saying that I view TasteMTL/MTLaTable as a great opportunity for new and existing restaurants to wow us with their culinary prowess.  That being said, mediocre just doesn't cut it for me. Location: On McGill in the Old Port, a few minutes walk from Square Victoria. Easily accessible. Vibe: Personally, I loved B&B's space, With its high ceilings and elegant decor, the space felt open and not at all confined. The purple lighting accents totally worked. Service: Just OK. I felt that the wait staff could have been more attentive, particularly since the restaurant only had a few patrons. I didn't like where our table was located - right in front of the kitchen entrance. There were constant comings and goings that I found annoying as all hell. That, and they easily could have given us another table - the restaurant was emoty when we arrived and empty when we left SO..... Food: I specifically went for Taste MTL, so stuck with that particular menu (see my pic for full menu details). What I had: Squash soup with smoked trout: This was a total miss for me. While I liked the texture and consistency of the soup (super creamy), it tasted like, well, nothing. I did not taste the squash, which is essentially what I was looking forward to, and I could smell the smoked trout way more than I could taste it. Served lukewarm on a very cold evening. Um, what?  I also tried the mussels - ugh! To me, it tasted like the bottom of the ocean. Fishy and just, ugh!Chicken with parsnips and mashed potatoes: The chicken had a nice flavor, but it was a little on the dry side. There was definitely not enough broth on this dish. The parsnips were tasty but a little undercooked for my taste. The mashed potatoes? Well, for me they were the best part of the meal. Loved them. The minimal broth or sauce in the dish had a nice flavor - too bad there wasn't more of it.  My friend ordered the salmon and the first thing I thought when I saw that dish was 'It's so brown.' Yep.Lemon tart: I had high hopes for dessert but this didn't really work for me. This was more of a lemon mousse than anything else. It was extremely tart yet very sweet at the same time. The graham crust while thin, had a very pronounced flavor that really just didn't work with the lemon, in my opinion. Overall, this place was a miss for me. It just felt like they didn't go to any trouble to develop a menu for the week. My table concluded that these dishes represented a total lack of effort on Bar & Boeuf's part. A very underwhelming experience.
