4	Good store. A lot better then Home Depot in my opinion. Much more helpful people and that makes all the difference. Ok prices, nice plants selection, clearance sales often. What else can one say? Its a home improvement store. If in doubt, go there and ask questions and look around. If you have a handy friend then bring along. I usually do not walk away unhappy from there."I like"Eugene
2	The customer service here is horrible. If you need help, 9 times out of 10, there will be no employees in sight. A friend of mine who works at a different Lowe's location actually told me that the employees hide in the racks so that they don't have to do any work. I believe him. On the rare occasion when you can find employees, they're usually doing something other than work, for example, chatting about football with customers instead of helping you check out. The salespeople in the appliance department are also extremely pushy and rude. I actually had a saleswoman tell me that I was never going to find a fridge in the size that I needed-- I did at Spencer's-- and she suggested mutilating my cabinetry in order to fit a fridge from Lowe's. The employees are basically worthless, so if you're looking for legitimate help, head to Home Depot. The only reason I'm giving this Lowe's location 2 stars instead of 1 is because sometimes they have items that Home Depot doesn't.
5	I can't thank "Cheech" in appliances enough for the tremendous help he was to our family. If it weren't for him, I wouldn't have even known about a great sale on refrigerators. Then, after purchasing the fridge, I received several updates from Cheech via phone regarding the possible delivery of our appliance. They were really back-ordered, but I never felt like we were forgotten. This sales rep made the whole experience possible with the utmost kindness, respect, and communication. I didn't expect that kind of customer service from a "big box store," but I wouldn't buy a kitchen appliance from anyone else now. Seriously- if you need a kitchen appliance, go to the Chandler store and ask for Cheech (his real name is "Harry" if you happen to call).
2	Great selection offset by their terrible customer service.I've been here a few times, usually to pick up some small thing or another. The first time, I was looking for a digital caliper and a very small allen wrench. I had to track down three employees before one knew how to look for it in the computer. One actually took me back to the aisle I was in, and said "Huh, it's not here." Ya think?!After the last time I went in, I won't be back. When I found the hardware employee (an older gentleman) and explained what I was looking for, he laughed at me and said he couldn't help. Several other employees walked by, none of them particularly concerned about anything. One was even holding his vest instead of wearing it. Go to ACE instead.
2	I can never find anyone to help me at this store. When I look and look to finally get someone, they never know how to help me. Totally worthless. I've had much better luck getting help from the Home Depot at Warner and Kyrene plus the employees are actually knowledgeable.  By the way, when I was at Lowes today, I'm told that both the Mill person and the cabinet person I wanted to meet didn't come in for work until 10am. Don't most contractors need items early in the morning, why the heck don't they have people working when the store is open?
1	This store has some of the rudest employees of any store I've ever patronized. Even if you ask them a simple question like whether or not they have something in stock, and they act like you are being an immense burden. It's a shame because the store itself is quite nice. Management needs to do a complete overhaul and teach their employees some customer service skills.
4	This has become my main Lowe's store even though we are probably closer to the one at Chandler Blvd and the 101. This location seems to be better stocked and the employees are friendly and helpful. Also, you really can't beat their prices. We recently purchased a new sliding glass door. Pella has a showroom in Tempe and we also got a quote from them. Surprisingly, it was about half the cost to get the exact same door thru Lowes rather than direct from the manufacturer. They took care of installation as well. We were very pleased.I also love the fact that Lowes has created their own free version of Angie's List called porch.com. I have had pretty good luck using it to find contractors recently.
