2	Was in the area and stopped in for. Cousin's used to be a regular lunch stop for me, but the three that I usually went to have closed over the last few years.This one is barely acceptable. The place is dirty and the workers are apathetic. Either the whole chain has changed, or this place is below standards. I think that my sandwich had the absolute minimum of ingredients it could've. I'm not coming back.
1	I'm not really one to write a review on a dinky little sandwich shop in a strip mall, but I have had so many negative experiences at this place that I felt I needed to share them.  The people that work here have been beyond rude every time I have visited this Cousin's Subs.  The first time I came in I used a coupon, which seemed to piss the old guy working the counter off.  I asked to substitute one ingredient for another and was rudely told "No Substitutions!"  The workers are always impatient with the customers and always act as if I'm inconveniencing them by being in their store and giving them business.  And to top all off, their sandwiches aren't all that good!  They skimp on all of the ingredients and try to charge you extra when you ask for more.Avoid this place and just go to Subway.  You'll get a better sandwich without the attitude.
3	I like cousin's, its better than Subway, but lets face it, almost anything is. I'll admit that the place doesn't look the be the cleanest, just like the other reviews said. But I didn't really have any problems with the service, but overall it is pretty forgettable. The only reason we went in is because we had a coupon and it was right down the street from our house. Its the first time we have been there since moving two years ago, and even though the sub was OK, I don't see myself going back for maybe another two years.
5	kid friendly, owner operated, really nice people to deal with. when I want sandwiches on a hot summers evening this is where I go. fresh breads, fresh meat, fresh veggies, and the people are really patient with my children
