5	Great smog check! Offered free bottled water and a great little sitting area. Only 5min smog but friendly and courteous.
5	Very happy. service was amazing! Went on my lunch break and it was super quick. They even gave me a free soda while I waited. Ron was great! Will definetely be back!
5	I love the guy that works here. I won't go anywhere else when it's time to register my car
5	I was very pleased when going to super smog one. It was very cozy and safe. The service was quick and friendly. I will definitely come back.
5	The man working here is extremely nice! I have been coming here a few years because of the service! No, smog checks do not take long but come here and get great service. Simply give business to such a nice guy.
5	I can't believe I'm compelled to write a review about a smog check station, but I can't believe what a relaxing experience I had. Normally a smog check is a tedious task we all put up with, but at Super Smog there a a couple of comfortable chairs for you to relax in while the chatty and friendly owner does his thing.Hell, there's even a bowl of cheap candy and the owner offers you a bottle of water while you wait.Smog Checks just don't get any better than this. Give a small guy your business, we need more of them.
5	Great place to go. The owner takes that extra step with his customers.Will go back when I need another smog test.
5	Super friendly, helpful and speedy service. I'm going to be sure to recommend to anyone that needs a smog check and I will definitely be back!
5	I came here And it was awesome!!! He offered me a drink while I waited made things easy and smooth, would recommend highly!!! Come see this guy! Pricing was great too!!
5	Ronnie very helpful and cheerful on this rainy day. Loving the aloha spirit and warming vibes. Check him out to get your smog check done!
5	We had our car smog at the windmill station last week. Ron was so nice and kind it made the experience very nice. We will definitely be bringing our other car to Ron for our smog checks. Fun location : )
5	Ronnie was so courteous and friendly! Great price and easy access to the 215 if you are on the way to the Henderson DMV!
5	Ron was great! He was friendly, quick & was able to get my smog done in no time AND he even had a bowl of candy to pick from for my son! He also gave me the tip to check in to the DMV through text instead waiting in line .. Great attitude, quick & easy! A+++
5	Ronnie was super friendly and gave a discount!! Happy new year haha...not only was it close by but he got me in and out quickly!
5	Very good service and quick. Great price. Ronnie is very nice and funny. Good customer service would recommend to everyone.
5	The service here is really friendly , easy guy to talk to, and was very quick and easy:).
5	Excellent smog check. Very friendly, no wait, great service! Will come here everytime, highly recommended
