4	On our way to an A's game at Phoenix Municipal Stadium, we were on a hunt for breakfast. Our pre-yelped stops were way off the beaten path and we wanted to get to the stadium somewhat early. We found this place in the shopping plaza somewhat nearby. We were quite suprised to find that the place was packed!!! With a line! and a great smelling bagel smell filling the room. We were quite happy to find that there were bagel sandwiches with eggs and there were even wraps. We both ordered bagel sandwiches with turkey sausage and egg and cheese. We opted for different bagels. The bagels were warm soft and fresh. SOOOO YUMMY!!! I would highly recommend. The prices are a bit up there if you are looking for just a quickie breakfast, but way better than fast food. Check it out.
3	When in the mood for bagels I go to Einstein's with my several year old yellow Einstein Brothers stainless coffee mug.  I pick up an AZ Republic and order a toasted good grains bagel with garden veggie.  I usually have the bagel in a basket by the time I get to check out or at worst when I am filling the coffee mug.  The coffee is mellower than my usual Starbucks but compliments the bagel.  Einstein's draws both the young and mature and I enjoy the ability to read the paper at my leisure either inside or outside in the morning shade.
3	This Einstein's has been here for years and it's always reliably good bagels, bagel sandwiches, decent service, and darn good coffee.  I like some of their new menu additions in recent years such as the spinach frittata.
1	Avoid this einstein's at all cost. I have been laying in bed puking for over 12 hours because I ate at this garbage dump. The reason I know it was them? My girl is laying next to me puking as well. And the only place we both ate together less than 24 hours ago was there.The incompetent staff that happens to grace this poorly operating business cannot tell the difference between a large drink and a medium and take over 10 minutes to make two identical sandwiches.After we got home and ate them, fast forward 6 hours and we are both puking our brains out.The most common reason for this to happen is when an employee does not wash their hands after getting feces on them. Then they touch my food and I get sick. Based on the staff that day, it does not surprise me one bit.I would recommend starving over going here. Never again. Now I will go speak to Ralph on the big white telephone some more.
3	Great bagels....and super yummy coffee.The men's bathroom is horrible however and needs to be redone.  Seen better bathrooms in freeway rest stops.
4	My room mate and I go in frequently to grab coffee and a bite.  They have some great flavored coffees at their coffee bar....(my roomie even thinks they're better than Starbucks!)...and cheaper!  The food is pretty good too...not the best..but pretty good.  They have tables outside that make for good places to sit and read when it is nice out.....
3	I'm always impressed with the staff here. There could be five people or 30 people in line and they just move it along. Nice!I like the bagel sandwiches... both breakfast and lunch. But really, the garden veggie cream cheese is the BEST!!! Love the fresh bagels :)
3	Einstein's is one of the only decent-ish places to get a bagel here...although they really aren't quite bagels (having enjoyed many a NY bagel in my day).This particular location is so hit or miss. Sometimes, like this morning, they are on top of it, friendly, and provide great service. Other times, I've been served the wrong item, had untoasted bagels, half servings of cream cheese, and ridiculous lines.I think 2.49 is a little high for a bagel and schmear, but luckily, they have plenty of coupons to make it worth while.  Will I come back? Yes, but only because there aren't really a lot of other options in my neighborhood.
2	Einstein's really defines mediocrity. At best, it's just ok, on average, you will probably regret your trip.For starters, this location is not set up very efficiently. For some reason, you walk in, then have to hang a hard right- navigate around people sitting down- then arrive at the counter. Jumping forward, the bagels are really, really boring. They're not terrible, they won't make you sick, but they're just so uninspired. Scottsdale has a handful of good, locally owned bagel stores where you can get a better bagel, at a much better price. After eating a bagel from there, I always kinda shake my head and ask myself why I don't just drive north a bit to a better bagel? Damn my laziness. I have a feeling that the same people that love Einstein's are the same people who think Applebees is amazing, and Walmart is a great place to shop. It's not their fault really, but sad nonetheless.
2	This review ultimately means nothing since Einstein's has a million locations and probably makes like a buyillion dollars, but I have to say it, because I don't understand why...I find both their bagels & their cream cheese way too "fluffy"! Both feel like they have been overly injected with air, I could eat like 20 of them and still be starving, a bowl of rice crispies gives me more satisfaction.
3	The customers tend to stare like they have never seen a hungover girl covered in tattoos who just wants a toasted bagel to make her feel better.Other than that, its always yummy. I would ask for light cream cheese tho, otherwise they put a layer like 6 inches thick on there.
3	I have just a few issues with this place. There is usually a line in the morning because they have one person taking orders. They also run out of popular bagels on weekends and you may have to wait , which at least means they are hot and fresh. Inside is very spacious with plenty of seating as well as tables outside. Parking can be stressful at times since it is located in a busy shopping center.They have a variety of signature and gourmet bagels as well as sandwiches. I will continue to choose them for my bagel needs until I find a better option.
4	I love Einstein's! This location isn't my favorite but I'm biased toward loving the location I used to go to as a child. The staff at this Scottsdale location is very nice and helpful, at times I notice they get flustered (usually during the peak hours) and sometimes forgetful. But all in all they are super friendly so I guess in some cases it makes up for their rare mistakes they make. Just be sure to check your order if you come here during a rush. The location itself is easy to find but this parking lot is a disaster and always is, so be warned about the parking situation (park to the left of the building for a non crowded lot)  My usual is an everything bagel toasted with plain cream cheese. Possibly double toasted if I'm in a picky mood. They also have awesome breakfast and lunch sandwiches and an awesome coffee selection. "Darn good coffee!" I'll be back for the delicious fresh bagels that are made daily the friendly staff and dirty chi latte! Yum!
1	This location is awful! HORRIBLE customer service. Not one employee smiled at us or greeted us. After we already ordered they told us that they were out of the pumpkin shmear, (which is the only reason we went) and we told them that we would like a refund and we will go to a different location. They rudely gave us a refund and while we were walking out told us that the pumpkin season was over and would not find it anywhere else. Why would they not inform us of this before we ordered and before our refund. Not to mention that advertisement of the pumpkin items are located all over their store. Because of their extremely poor customer service, we will never be returning to this location, and I suggest you save yourself from a bad mood and find a different location as well.
5	Chelsea, the store manager, has exceptional customer service skills. She made me feel very comfortable and welcome in the store. She greets and says goodbye to all the customers in the friendliest manner. I have never experienced such great service Thank you Chelsea!
2	Einstein's and I have a usual love affair. This being said, I was extremely dissapointed in this location. The entrance is awkward and they are usually understaffed. I love their bagels and their fresh squeezed OJ......"Fresh Squeezed OJ"---- is usually from concentrate at this store. Being an Einstein fanatic, I can tell. At first sip. That this was a frozen juice concentrate. Other Einstein's have a tangy, sweet OJ. And the shmear: Eisntein's is usually known for globbing ooey gooey, delicious and ridiculous amounts of shmear on their bagels. This Einstein's seems to scrape the bottom of the barrrel to get enough to cover your bagel. So sad as this is really close to my work but it looks like I'll have to continue to go to Shea or Desert Ridge for my Blueberry Bagel, toasted, with Strawberry Cream Cheese.
4	I've been to a number of Einstein's Bagels, but this one really stands out above the rest. Excellent customer service! A staff member named Chelsea welcomed every single customer in the store and seemed genuinely happy to see them. When she wasn't busy behind the counter taking breakfast orders, she was switching out the freshly brewed coffee, wiping down tables, and asking guests how their meal was. I ordered a breakfast sandwich and medium coffee - both were delicious and quickly prepared. The coffee bar was clean, well stocked, and the coffee carafes were full which I appreciated. The egg whites, mushrooms, asparagus, and Swiss cheese where delicious on a toasted garlic bagel. This location has a great neighborhood feel - a few customers greeted one another while enjoying their breakfast and Chelsea even knew several regular customers by name! Such a welcoming and friendly vibe here. I usually frequent the Tempe location which is heavily populated with students with laptops and iPods who mostly avoid eye contact, so it was refreshing when an older gentleman said good morning to me when he sat down at the next table.  Come here to enjoy a tasty breakfast in a relaxing and welcoming environment.
3	Probably the standard for bagels in the valley... Meaning if someone in your office "brought bagels" they probably came from Einstein.  Ok when toasted and topped with something, bland and too bread like for me when eaten alone. This location seems to get new management every couple of weeks, and the latest iteration seems to have things dialed in... The woman in front of me order about ten things, and then I ordered my single bagel. Oh great, here's a good fifteen minute wait I thought (Einstein runs a strict assembly line system usually, so orders are preped in order, regardless of the inefficiency this can bring). However this time, the staff banged out the massive order very quickly, before I had even gotten my coffee. While this situation was acceptable, too often I've waited for 15 minutes for a non-toasted bagel in the same situation. I realize typical bagel slingers aren't rocket scientists or efficiency experts, but the management should correct this glaring inefficiency. Being fast is about all this place is good for really.
4	The vanilla hazelnut coffee is the highlight for sure, the food is pretty average.  The service here really sets them apart though... Everyone is very friendly and helpful.  Shout out to the manager David and the other guy who works there (forget his name), they always remember my order and chat it up in the early AM.
4	I just realized I have not been too one of these places in a year. Last two times they cut the bagel wrong.  And gave me an attitude when I asked them to fix it.  It's my money and u want it my way if I'm paying.  Se e review I left at two other locations.  The guy here was cool and did his job right and my meal was awesome.  While Einstein isn't my favorite its damn good
2	I went to this Einstein's two days in a row since it's right near my apartment. Unfortunately I would have to sum up my experience as crappy both times. For a bacon egg and cream cheese sandwich to be priced at $9 is utter insanity, especially when the eggs and bacon are sitting in a hotel pan kept on a warmer. There are sit down restaurants you can go to, pay less, and have a fresh egg cooked to order! I might have kept going there and paid the prices for shit food since it's so close to my apartment, but when I politely asked about the prices thinking maybe I was charged incorrectly the first day I got a really bitchy register girl telling me no they just honestly charge $9 for a sandwich that costs maybe $3 at every other bagel establishment. Safe to say I'm not going back there or any other Einstein's for that matter!
4	I have been to a number of Einstein Bros Bagels shops and the food is basically what you would expect- but I was particularly impressed with the service I got here.  I came here two mornings in a row pretty early when I was in town over the weekend. David was at the register and he was extremely helpful and seemed like he genuinely wanted to help us get the quickest and best service possible. When he saw that there were going to be several customers coming in unusually early, he rushed to the back to get another person to help him make the food while he took the orders so we wouldn't have to wait. He was helpful in making suggestions with any questions I had about the menu. Also, the service was very fast, I wasn't even able to start pouring my coffee before my bagel breakfast sandwich was ready and being handed to me.The bagel sandwich was warm and tasted good and a little overpriced.
1	Are you kidding me?? frozen bagels. I  rather go to the grocery store and pay way less for a frozen bagel. I am a fool thinking this place serves frozen food
