5	If you like improv or comedy, this is the place for you! With shows every week, there's always something for everybody. Every first Thursday of the month there's a really funny duo called the Bitter End (Brent and Marc) that play their own show which is SO funny you'll crack up and probably break some ribs from laughing so hard. They are extremely clever and witty, I highly recommend to see their show. There's also the Follow Up every now and then which is a trivia show where they have 12 categories and a panel that answers the questions in their own random way. (it can be wrong too!) Cost of shows are really affordable as low as 6 dollars. Expect to spend 10 or less. Seriously not expensive at all. Sometimes it's pay what you want depending on the show. Honestly, if you're looking for a good laugh check out this theater. I recommend going on their website first to see what shows they have that are to your liking!
4	Super great little space tucked upstairs on St Laurent! The guys who run it are good good people and super funny performers who have been contributing to the local improv community for well over a decade (newsflash - we are old!) The layout is comfortable and flexible with a chill and non-sketchy green room for artists - ooooh rare bonus! For live music you need to bring in your own equipment, but that's manageable and the sound is cozy and warm, at least from this lil ukers point of view.
5	I've taken many classes there and have seen a whole mess of shows.  I like this place plenty.  Friday night's SMACKDOWN is the theatre's cornerstone event, I would say, but there are consistently funny shows every Thursday thru Sunday (Saturday's French, btw).  A really great place with great people.  Catch a show or take a class; you'll be glad you did.  Oh, one thing.  This Improv thing is addicting!
5	Been performing at this theatre as an out-of-towner for years and it's my home away from home in Montreal. I've performed and taught improv all over the world and MI is one of my favourite venues and communities. Great people, great shows, great attitude. The absolute best destination for comedy in Montreal.
5	You really want to check this place out if you just wanna see a show or even maybe try to do some improv yourself. Give it a try, in a very cool and relaxed atmosphere, with friends or strangers you'll see that it's really easy to have fun. Definitely an original thing to do.
5	great place to catch a show or some improv. as for me, it's one of the location they use for the just for laughs fest and the venue is simply perfect. its small, cozy, you're up close and personal with comedians.the folding chairs do suck though and the bathroom/stalls.. had a hard time locking it down, must be me..they do sell beer which adds to the relax vibe of the place.and of course, great staff. always help!
