5	This is a great bar with even better food.  The bar is a a locals secret.  The bar itself is perfect. Plenty of room, plenty of seats, large bar and lots of tables.  There are two reasons this is a 5 start place:1) Shuffleboard table. enough said.  too cool.2) The bar is right next to one of the top Italian food places in town and you can get the same food for less than 1/2 the price.  The Chicken Parm is to die for, and easily the best Chicken Parm I have had in Las Vegas...and if you live in Vegas after being from back east...you know how hard that truly is.For Cleveland Brown fans this is a Browns Fan Appreciation bar and it is rocking on Sundays during football season.
1	Starting with the previous review, I don't know what the smoking laws are here in Vegas, but  they make no sense as applied in this place. The take out window is the only thing that is non-smoking. That said, I think the smoking laws are kinda silly so it didn't bother me. Everything else about this place did...The food was nothing special and bordered on horrible. Garlic cheese bread was soggy in some places while overbaked around the corners. Chicken tenders were clearly just reheated out of a frozen bag , which could be alright since they come flavored-dipped, except they give you 4 of the most pathetic looking pieces for $8 and the sauces sucked. If you're looking for good bar food you can do 1000x better elsewhere in Vegas; if you're looking for crap, then I guess you've discovered the right place.Bar food can be hit or miss, so what else is going on at Tap House? $3.50 for a on-tap Hoegaarden wasn't bad, but it was a rather small glass given what can be had at other area sports bars. Their beer selection is average; nothing special. Finally, what brought me to this place. They advertise themselves as the home of Cleveland's sports teams, so being a Cleveland sports nut, I decided to go here for Game 5 of the Eastern Conference Finals. Bad call. Half of the crowd wasn't paying any attention, which while not the place's fault, probably wasn't helped by the fact that half the TVs were on other things (replays of old Dodger games and trivial pursuit reruns). Adding insult to this injury? Their placemat that proclaims their love of the Cavs SPELLS CAVALIERS INCORRECTLY (see the picture I've uploaded). Seriously guys? That's inexcusable. So to recap: don't come here for the food, not worth coming here for the drinks, and definitely not an actual Cleveland sports bar. This leaves us with no real reason to come here at all. Good riddance.
5	Get the chicken wings!! They are made dry (not saucy wet).  The cajun is the best.  the rest of the food we hav e tasted is mediocre at best--but the wings blow them all away! Two friendly waitresses.  We have only been there about 5 times since we started going about 10 weeks ago and they know what we drink!  Yes, how they allow smoking and food, I don't know.
5	great pizza, cold beer.great place, those whiners with the 1 star should really stfu. For christ's sake, its vegas, you can smoke in church here ok?
4	I am rarely voluntarily away from Vegas for long. Sure there are those times that the state wishes I occupy one of their rooms for 3 to 6 years, but we have all had those times.  I came back for my birthday and I visited many of my old haunts. I was longing for nostalgia. I was longing for strong drink. I was longing for weak companionship. I hit many of my favorite places...and the Tap House was one of them.I longed to play shuffleboard, drink beers and listen to good music. When I am near Summerlin there is only one place I go to. So I swung into the bar around midnight and spend the rest of the night throwing back drinks with friends. The pizza was half price and that was just right for us. We tried three of the pizzas and they were amazing. I also had to order my favorite Chicken Parmigiana. It was as wonderful as usual. Right next door used to be a Las Vegas institution called Fellini's.  They have since moved their restaurant to the Sun Coast Casino to ply their trade. The good news is that they still deliver their freshly made sauces and they are amazing as always.  So you basically get to eat the same food for half the price and get reasonable priced drinks.The bartender knew it was my birthday and comped me drinks and was totally cool. He treated Rex like the way Rex demands to be treated. It is important to treat Rex well...and he knew that. He could see it in the eyes.I want to address the smoking issue one person brought up...and I will say...grow up!  People smoke in bars...but very rarely do they get to smoke in a place with a great shuffleboard table and amazing food.I have removed one star because they have a crappy jukebox that plays edited songs. Ridiculous. Good music on there but not all the songs you would want. Go. Go often. Drink. Drink to Rex. You always should.
5	I always thought Tap House was just a little old bar that I drove past everyday on my regular commute to work. My organization held its last fundraiser here and it had a great turn out. The food and drinks are good and cheap, their banquet room is perfect for what we had planned, and the staff was very nice! I plan on visiting and holding more events here in the future.(try the wings!)
4	Good pizza and italian sausages. Nice bar and layout. The italian mob from Cleveland runs this place...so no trash talking the Cavs, Browns or Indians...no matter how bad they stink
4	My favorite neighborhood bars. Great drink prices, the machines are loose, and there is always a few cute smiles working.Pizzas are really good and half off on saturdays. First impressions from the outside is that the bar is old and small but when you get inside it has a nice neighborhood bar feeling. Like the show Cheers.  They have a restaurant area and a bar. They have an abundance of flat screens for the games and they will even change the channel for you for your favorite team. They have a large banquet area that tends to be busy all the time with different car groups and receptions. I really like the Fellini's pizza. The bread is homemade and the cheese is delicious. The tacos on Tuesday are really good too. They are american style but they hit the spot. FYII have seen families there with the kids after sport games so I guess its a kid friendly restaurant.
4	Moving to Vegas from Atlanta, I wanted to immediately find my new watering hole. So I wandered around a bit, got completely lost as always.. Then I saw this sign for the tap house, advertising half off pizza! I mean, who DOESN'T want some tasty pizza while their drinking? Perfect! Even better, it's smoker friendly! I could have sworn vegas had  enacted some new smoker laws.. But I guess it's kind of like the traffic laws.. No one gives a sh*t. Anyways, the place looks like a complete dive from the outside, to the point where we almost didn't go in. Inside though, the place feels like an episode of Cheers. It's dark, it's nice and cool, and it's very obvious that most of the patrons and staff know each other. The beer is VERY reasonably priced, and they appear to other specials throughout the week as well. The pizza is absolutely delicious, awesome crust and sauce, and the garlic cheese bread is crazy good too. They also have jager bombs for 4.25, which my male loves. I have found my new watering hole. :)
4	I rarely make it up to this side of town but my husband and I were headed to Plant World and needed to have some lunch before we got our shopping started. From the outside, The Tap House isn't anything exceptional but over the years I have learned that sometimes these dive looking places serve up great food at really reasonable prices. Little did we know that pizzas were half off on Saturdays until we were already seated and trying to decide if we should get one to split, or order separately.  It was like fate, how could we decide on anything else when the pizza was half priced? We ended up with the thin-crust veggie pizza, with olives on only half, plus banana peppers. We also split an antipasto salad.To drink, had a jager bomb, which was just $4.50, and I had the option of regular or sugar free Red Bull. In a town where some places charge $5 or more for just a Red Bull, this is a great deal. Great deals mean nothing if the food sucks. This food did not suck. The antipasto salad was good sized with plenty of meat, and the pizza was cooked perfectly and loaded with toppings. If I lived in the area, I could see myself going to The Tap House often for dinner or just drinks.
4	I visited the Tap House one Monday evening while I was visiting Vegas. A singer from New Jersey, I'm sorry I forgot  his name, was performing there.  I had one of the best nights I have ever had in town.  People from all over the industry stopped into perform.  I had a great dinner and drinks and I think our bill was $70.00 for the three of us.  The last time I saw that many pinky rings in one room Bobby Kennedy was going after Hoffa.  The food and the service were genuine.  We shall return.
3	Its pretty much just decent greasy bar food, with a full bar and decent sandwiches.  Half of pizzas on the weekends makes it worth it.  That and it wont make you crap your pants.
5	The only bad thing bad about this place is they are a cleveland browns bar and I am a diehard steelers fan. Food is friggin awesome and pizza is half off on the week ends. Chicken wings are equally awesome with ranch that is utterly addictive. And for all the fools below hating about the  smoking. Dude it's a bar. A BAR. Get over it.   More people need to go here
3	My first visit and it was cool! I love cousy pubs!!! Not to thrilled it's a Cleveland Browns Bar, but hey that just means I can't go there during football games! LOL!!!!
2	The ONLY reason this place is getting two stars is because they are hands down (so far) my favorite place to go after a night of drinking for pizza and wings. I love the Cajun wings and their ranch, it is so delicious!  Their pepperoni pizza is great too, however, slightly over priced during daytime business hours; runs about 12$ after tax.  After midnight the pizza is half off and so worth that 5 something.  Now, the whole reason I didn't give this place higher stars is because the waitress SUCKED!  When we got there she was quick to ask for drinks and we were also ready to order and be done because it was getting late- she ran away before we could say something. Then she brings us our waters and we say again, we would like to order and she gave us a look and said yeah ( in some crappy tone) and then walked away. Finally, three minutes later she comes back and takes the order. During my meal I quickly ran out of water, I'm using my straw making that noise getting the last sips out and she's standing right there just doing nothing. She comes over five minutes later to bring us the check and we had to ASK FOR WATER! All our cups were sitting there we all made the dang noise and still nothing. She spoke with the bartender most of the time and keep in mind this crappy service came at 330 am with only one other table for her!  Also, she had the driest personality and was so incredibly dull and lifeless I felt like she was sucking the life and fun out of me. She made the whole experience miserable and since we only go there on the weekends in early AM i am going to have to check out other places similar because I'm not ending my night of fun with boring crappy Betty the waitress, or whatever her name was. Tap house needs to straighten this out ASAP!
3	Just a dive with poor service, but good food...
5	I love the Tap House! I enjoy every Monday night here. It's very "Old School Vegas" and I love it. With a live band every Monday night this place gets unbelievably packed. You have to literally reserve the chairs or your not getting in. The owner Jimmy is such a sweetheart and always takes care of us when we come in. Not to mention the food is great too! Flowing wine, live music and a dance floor you can't go wrong here!
3	After visiting some GREAT dive bars on this Las Vegas trip . . . this one left us wanting so much more . . . the bar was packed with regulars . . . and the drinks came quickly and were reasonably priced.We were ther at shift change . . . and when the change was complete . . . 3/4 of the bar left . . . not quite sure why . . . becasue the service seemed to stay the same . . . it just left us wanting more.One last thing . . . if you are going to make a shrine to you favorite football team . . . you might want to move it away from the front door . . . unless you only want to attract those fans.On the fence as to whether or not a return trip will occur.
4	Awesome pizza for the price, plus it's 24hrs.
3	Great food at fair prices.  Try the Cajun baked chicken wings or stromboli.The downside (and reason I didn't give it 5 stars) is that this bar continues to insult all intelligent people and allow smoking in the dining area.  Too bad, but maybe seedy is the crowd they want.
5	I am a huge fan of the tap house. This is your "get off of work have a beer" spot-type of place. Equipped with a jukebox, shuffle board, darts, booths, tables, full range bar with low priced drinks and full variety menu. Open 24/7. Service is great. NOT SMOKEY. I absolutely love their jamaician spicy flavored hot wings/fingers! This is bar food so don't expect top of the line but I was surprised at how good the wings were. Overall the atmosphere is chill, I love meeting up w friends here and I always have a good time :)
5	The pizza is always great here and the servers are quick. Great bar with even better food!
2	Food was good-service was horrible. Real locals place. Waitress was practically all over her boyfriend (or whoever he was) almost the whole time. She never checked on me-I had to go to the bar to get my refills and my check. Sorry I'm not a local-but I have money too! I will never come back here again due to the sheer fact that they go out of their way to make you feel that you don't belong there. Whatever. There's plen of other places to go!
1	Wow. Employees who should be working r pumping money into the juke box playing music. When customers who are paying to keep the lights on have to wait 2 hear they're songs. The server just informed me that ill have to wait 8 plus songs to here what I played...I'm a paying customer. Really WFT. Someone  needs 2 fire this bitch. Oh wait her sister is the bar manager. That'll never happen. Hey jimmy and bob wake the fuck up and clean house. Your shit is gonna go down hill.Demographics   have change
5	This Cleveland Brown Bar Has The Best Pizza in Las Vegas Hands-Down!!!! Why You Ask??? They Put Beer in There Pizza Dough!!!!! Not to Mention Its Half Price On Graveyard!!!!! Also Famous for their Cajun Double Baked Chicken Wings & Itallian Disehs!!!! A Must for any Las Vegas Local!!!
3	Great spot for good pizza and beer. EXCEPT for the local "drunk" passed out, snoring in the booth next to us in the middle of the afternoon. People who worked there knew the guy, but they didn't do anything or seem to care til we said something to our waitress.
4	THAT was a fantastic pizza!!! $12 for a large "Fellini" topped with sausage, mushrooms, salami, peppers and olives definitely hit the spot.  All the pizzas are done in a pan which made the Fellini taste like a homemade Pizza Hut supreme.  I haven't been to another spot in LV that does it quite like this and it'll be the best reason to come back.There were definitely some minuses like the smokiness and I felt like the whole area was lacking sufficient lighting.  So if you're trying to lay low and avoid people that may be looking for you (manhunts, warrants, ex-spouses, Rent A Center)) this place will do the trick....unless they happen to be a Cleveland Browns fan.  I think this is one of two Browns bars in Vegas.  So when are they erecting the Brian Hoyer statue upfront? (Edit: Hoyer tore his ACL a week after this review ending his season) Speaking of football, we were there catching the second half of the Monday night game (Broncos vs Raiders) when music started kicking in from the other room.  Their "Monday Nites Jamming" was rocking.  The whole room on the other side was packed with people by 8pm partying like it was 1979.  I was impressed.  They also offer daily specials like burger and a beer Mondays but it's got to be all about their pizza!!  Half price pizzas all day Saturdays/Sundays and after midnight!
4	pretty good food and atmosphere. browns fans unite every Sunday easily the best Browns bar in Vegas!
5	Well i haven't been here in five years, but the guy i'm working with brought me here. Very good service and food!  Wonderful place, and i am a Browns fan too. Try it once and you will see. flavorful food for a very good price!  Just once!  ;)
4	Cajun wings by far, very proud they offer breaded pork sandwich! Yum. Pretty decent pizza.Busty staff which kinda makes it a sausagey festy sports bar, might as well make it a Roman Sauna but okay, good food and somehow always good music playing..
5	Great food! Best wings in town. Ohio State football? This is the place to be to watch the game.
3	While in Chicago I made the mistake of asking for a thin crust pizza and I was chased out by two burly Paizzzialos with hair on their back.. When I moved here, from the windy city (this is more windy city than Chicago. Few years ago, the Las Vegas Hilton sign, came folding in half in a 140-mile wind, and a guy from Dubuch Iowa, thought it was part of the Vegas free shows-like the pirate show-and he was so sure of it, he was on News at Ten.) Las Vegas is probably the thin crust pizza capitol of the world since an Austrian named Puck, who has fed the emaciated starlets in Los Angeles, has brought the thin crust into vogue here. My search for a TCP led to Pizza Hut, specially the one on West Sahara.  I made the mistake of ordering the same at a place called Mr. B's on Paradise Rd.(now defunct for good reasons) and the pizza looked like some one had opened a farmers market on a pizza crust.. There was more cheese than all of  Wisconsin and it left a trail all the way to the kitchen.My friend a life long Vegan has turned carnivorous since then. It took a toll on my taste buds and I had to move back to Chicago for taste rehab..I continued my search till I bumped into this place, which I have passed by, but had no idea it was an Italian joint, since the name is more like Mr. Bojangles doing a tap dance or house full of  tap dancers? till you go in and the blaring sports on TV and the smoke it is something to do with beer on tap. It is not an open kitchen but you can see through the service window there are few amigos working feverishly and it the turnover is amazing for a tiny kitchen. What the very friendly  waitresses  bring out is undoubtedly the best Veggie pizza I have ever eaten in Vegas or anywhere.I start drooling by the time I turn corners (I found out there is a name for this-it is called Pavlov reflex). The parking lot is not paved so it is good idea to have a tow truck as your second car or a bring a flag and let everyone know the Eagle has landed.. The rectangle bar has usual suspects on video machines-the kind who play two machines at once with a leg on the stool. This works out for me since I go for the pizza only. The female bartender works like she has sixteen hands-the greatest multi-tasker in the business.About the pizza, they use the usual veggies but they are oven'd to perfection and a generous sprinkle of parmesan cheese and split peppers-you are in pizza heaven. Once made the mistake of an order to go. It is not the same as eating a piping hot pizza in the restaurant. I guess the smoke in the joint gives that added flavor! The red wine is served at room temperature in a tiny glass,instead of chilled and I am giving two points down for this, since, I consider this a blatant insult to the grape and its ancestry-specially in an Italian eatery.
3	Came here yesterday for the 49ers-Seahawks game (which the refs won, by the way)...Picked this place due to location, specials, and free wifi- they're literally a block from my home, feature half price pizza on weekends and as their late night 12AM-6AM special, and have inconsistent but free wifi.Service needs work. We started out with one waitress who was polite but rarely around- it seemed she was the only one working, so we cut her some slack. Then after the first quarter, she started getting really pushy about dropping off the check and constantly checking to see if we had paid yet, even though there were hours left in the game.Finally she straight up told us we had to pay so she could leave- now, if she'd just told us that from the start, in a friendly manner, I would have been totally cool with closing out early and tipping her early on. But she very obviously just wanted to go home and did not give a crap about stopping by to check on us until it affected her pay.  As it is, the pizza was tasty but even they run on the small side- pay attention to the inches (M, 10") rather than the actual size (M, L, etc). We tried the Fellini and it was flavorful and loaded with toppings (salami, sausage, olives, bell peppers), and with the special it was priced well- I don't think I would pay full price for this pizza.Also had an order of the "award winning" wings, medium heat- should have gone for hot because they didn't have any heat to them. Large order, good flavor, but not sure how this is the best in town.BF had a few beers- once he realized how watered-down they were though, he switched to domestic.The second server we got was much sweeter and more of a people person- an older woman with red hair. Felt bad that we'd already ordered everything we were hungry/thirsty for, but left a tip simply because she was so much better at her job: checked up on us regularly, was very friendly.Heads up, this bar allows smoking indoors- not a bad thing on it's own,  but I'm not a fan. Luckily, only a couple of people smoked a cigarette or two while we were there. Was a little grossed out to see an employee smoking at the end of the bar, but I'll assume it was during her break.
5	Love to eat Pizza & Hot wings @ Tap House. This place has The best pizza I have had in Vegas. The only thing that is a minus is the waitresses LAZY & never smile. But that does not stop me from going because I'm there for Wings and Pizza. I wish they would open a closer location near Centennial Hills.
2	Not a fan.  Service is horrible usually on Saturday nights, which is when I'm usually dragged in there.  I've ordered food every time, and I'm not a picky eater by any means, but the only thing I can say I've not been disappointed in is the fries?  I am not a smoker, so this place automatically assaults me as soon as I walk it, but hey, it's a bar so it's expected I guess!!  The only reason I ever go back is because there are others in my group of friends who think the fried fish is good but I've not been impressed.  I even ordered a grilled cheese once, and it was COLD in the middle and the cheese wasn't melted....who screws up GRILLED CHEESE?  At least the fries where hot this time!  A friend had a French Dip sandwich recently that looked fairly decent, but she said the meat was "dry" and she really needed the au jus to make it palatable.  If you're looking for a smoky dive bar to drink and oggle others, this place is fairly well lit so you'd probably enjoy it.  Just don't expect great service if you're ordering food, and don't expect the food to be good either!  I'm going back again I'm sure, and will be trying the pizza since that's what other Yelpers seem to recommend.
1	Rude and unprofessional!!! Well, I was going to try this establishment.  I changed my mind, however! I walked in, and there was no "wait to be serrated" or "seat yourself" sign,.  When I looked around unsure of rather to sit or wait, I was passed by a waitress that thought so highly of herself that she didn't give eye contact, or acknowledge my presence in the slightest.  Way to seem inviting to a new customer.  I'll take my business elsewhere, and I suggest you do to!
1	I've been coming here for about five years and today was my last day. I sat down and pulled out my e-cigarette as I have been doing for the past three years. I ordered a beer and a menu. I decided on my usual and placed my order. When the server came back, she said I was not allowed to use my e-cigarette in there. As per the owner, "E-cigarettes are no longer allowed but cigarettes and cigars are." When I first started coming here, I was a smoker! The food is great and they have a nice draught selection. I have nothing against smoke or smokers, obviously because this place has tons of smokers who are usuals. I really liked the place too! The low ceilings combined with the chain smokers makes for a vintage Vegas experience that you really can't find much these days.Don't try to apply logic here. It really makes no sense. I honestly think someone could get away with smoking a joint in here because there is that much smoke. Make sure you don't bring your electronic cigarette though, you could fill those with cannabis! The ironic part is that there's a sign out front that says 'smoker friendly.'If the owner banned cigarettes AND e-cigarettes, that would somewhat make sense, but I STILL wouldn't go back. At least he was being consistent.Do not go here to watch Buckeyes games either, they will yell at you for being loud when you are just cheering. I can't speak for Browns games on Sunday though. The local Buckeye bar is now PT's Gold on Rainbow anyway and has been for several years now.Pros: Very smokey, like Jazz pool-hall it has that smokey-blue tinge in the right light.The usuals are all great!The pizza is fantastic!Cons:No electronic cigarettes.
5	Best wings in the WORLD! Twice baked Cajun wings. Cold beer and friendly people. The Italian food is good also.
5	Really good Cajun baked wings plus if you go after midnight half off pizza get the large the medium is pretty small. The dining area is old and there is a smell of smoke in the air, great late night hang out!
4	Rachel greeted us with a smile immediately upon entry. The plan going in was to at least try some wings. Rachel recommended the dry Cajun wings. Typically a fan of a little moistness while nibbling, I was surprised by the wings. Great flavor with a little kick. The side salad was covered with grated cheese and croutons. Rachel advised us their pizzas are award winning, so the main course was the Italian Meat on regular crust. No thin crust for this crowd. We threw in an order of fries for good measure. Topped with garlic, they were some kind of nice. Rachel was very attentive and kept the drinks full. The atmosphere was casual and there are plenty of TV's throughout to enjoy the game. A return trip to the Tap House is definitely in order.
4	No bells and whistles. Standard Vegas bar food. Usually get late night 1/2 off pizzas. Stopped in for Thursday night FBall, nice lil FBall menu. Pastrami Sandwich was pretty good...Sam on tap was great.
1	After 8yrs of watching The Ohio State Buckeyes @ Tap House. I will not be going back, after being called the N-word and purposely bumped in to and one of my friends was told he was too loud as he cheered for the team. I loss all enthusiasm for the game.
5	This place is a hidden gem. I first came here because it's known as an Ohio sports bar. But now, I will continue to come back because of the great food and friendly people.I like to come on Sunday's to watch the Browns during NFL season. It is very busy, so we get there early. The beer specials are great and the food is even better! We have eaten pizza, wings, french dip, and pasta and each dish was honestly fantastic. Everything tasted so fresh and was made with care.My only compliant is the smoking... it's really bad during games , but other times it's tolerable. Nevada isn't very enlightened when it comes to indoor smoking, so this is to be expected. It's not really a big deal, but for those of you from out of town who aren't used to it, yes you'll be surprised at the smokiness.Try this place out if you want an authentic old-school Vegas experience. Great food, great prices, and great service!
1	i go here all the time i work across the street until today ... ordered chicken strips after i got throuh the first strip and thinking it tasted different i cut into the other 3 and noticed they were all raw inside ... sent back strips and girl didnt even act like it was a big deal, ordered a sandwich and couldnt eat it. i got charged full price no compensation no appology needless to say ill never return and niether will my employess
1	As for the food, the girls are fresher than the food in their short shorts.The place is dingy..It might be a good hang out if you like smokey bars with poker machines. Once was enough for me.This is a dive !!!
5	Great place, great food and hot bartenders. Nuf said
4	Cool old barGreat chicken cheese steak.This is an "Original Las Vegas" type of dive bar.
5	Bartenders are awesome!1/2 priced amazing pizza after midnight and saturdays and sundays!
