4	Edinburgh Student Newspaper, commonly referred to as 'The Student' is the oldest student newspaper in the country, and it is still is a vital read for any student!The Student provides the latest information on student politics at Edinburgh University, and also on issues that impact on students like tuition fees and employment opportunities (Not always the most optimistic read)! Also, the paper provides reviews on films, albums, singles, restaurants, bars and fashion by students for student. However, for me anyway, some of the reviews are just plain wrong, but students tend to disagree with each other! This paper is free and is the only student newspaper in Edinburgh which is produced (by students) at such a rate of a one issue a week during semester time. And, to be honest, some of the journalism on offer is of a high standard with many student journalists of The Student winning national awards for their writing! So to keep in the loop over student issues then pick up your free copy and dive into the world of student journalism!
4	Having worked for them, I may seem biased. But at the same time, I didn't get paid by them, so it's almost as if I didn't work there at all.The Student Newspaper staff are really quite sweet. And working with them made me realise a couple of things about journalists: they really are all a bunch of glorified gossips. And I mean this in the kindest of ways. It's undeniable, though. The Student in the last couple of years has been awarded Best Newspaper in the Herald Student Media Awards and has had its writers and photographers nominated in both the Herald Awards and the Guardian Student Media Awards (we had quite a contingent at the latter last November). The Student mainly covers student-related issues (which tends to mean sex, drugs and money most of the time) as well as other more interesting global issues. For a time, there was a creative writing section that got given the boot because of money issues. But, the paper is pretty thorough as far as I'm concerned.
5	A few things need to be considered about Student. It's free. The people who write for it do it for free and it's distributed round campus every Tuesday for free. Secondly, it's a student paper. That means the people who write for it are students, not professional journalists (yet). So considering that, Student is brilliant. It's hardly surprising it keeps winning Scottish student newspaper of the year. It's packed full of interesting articles which are, importantly, totally relevant to Edinburgh university students. They also get some great interviews with local celebs and figureheads.Even if you don't agree with the review section, it's usually pretty extensive and covers all the latest stuff. And it's free! Really top stuff, even if the crossword is always far too easy.
