5	Dr. Bill Halmi deserves 10 stars!!!  I had seen other Derms in the past for melasma and no one could fix the problem after trying many diffferent treatments.  Some of these treatments that other Derms had tried were quite harsh on my skin and still did not resolve the problem.  I was referred to Dr. Halmi by a mother in my children's play group.  I can not thank her enough for informing me about Dr. Halmi!!!!!My first appointment, Dr. Halmi spent a long time discussing my medical history and examining my skin.  Dr. Halmi was extremely personable and made me feel at ease and so comfortable about my condition which caused a great deal of insecurity.  He recommended a very simple course of treatment which surprised me as other drs in the past had wanted to do some extremely evasive treatments.  Within a few days of following Dr. Halmi's treatment plan, i already noticed a remarkable difference!!!  Now, a month later there are NO signs of the dark spots!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Some fo the other treatments that other Drs. had encouraged me to pursue prior to meeting Dr. Halmi were accompanied by a large out of pocket cost.  Dr. Halmi's treatment was covered by insurance and was much safer and easier.  I am SOLD on Dr. Halmi and will continue to recommend him to everyone I know!! i am SOOOOO thankful that there still are Drs. out there like Dr. Halmi who truely care about the patient and who are not just trying to put money in their pocket.  Thank you again Dr. Halmi!
5	Dr. Halmi is such a good doctor. He has helped me with some serious, and some, not so serious skin problems. He has made me look better and feel better about my appearance. His staff is very professional and friendly. They are all caring and optimistic people.
5	I had a proceedure "Ulthera" at Dr. Halmi's office. It is an amazing transformation. I look much younger. It was easy, no down time. I was nervous at first but his nurse Ann was very comforting. It's been three months and now when I see myself in pictures I am just amazed how much younger I look. I like to look in the mirror now. Thank you Dr. Halmi! You are a great Doctor.
5	In my opinion Dr. Halmi is the very best dermatologist in Phoenix metro. He has been ranked as one of the leading derms by Phoenix Magazine on many occasions. I had gone to over 20 dermatologists in the Phoenix metro over the last 30 years due to various skin cancers. He is so very gentle. Dr. Halmi is the go-to-doc for many of the local TV stations when there is a new dermatological technology to be discussed. He's just wonderful!
