4	I love boba so I have to say I am a fan! The company is owned by a Midwestern student's family which is nice and currently they are offering a buy one get one 50% off which is nice. Prices are reasonable and the drinks are good although they occasionally run out of certain ingredients and confuse orders. The frozen yogurt flavors tasted a little artificial but I guess that is to be expected. Best part was not feeling to heavy when I went for a run right after a drink here! Update: They stayed open an extra 10 minutes for me to get a drink order. I have officially decided the assorted jellies win vs. the boba. I think this drink addiction may become a problem...
4	I go in for their milk teas mostly, which reminds me of tapioca express. Recently had their pina colada slush and mango slush (tropical?) both were yummy. They opened brand new this month so they're still working out the kinks. Take advantage of their BOGO sale!
4	If you are in the Glendale/Peoria area, this boba place is much better than Bomboba.  Tea simply tastes better and the qualify of fruits and flavors are more fresh.  Mango pieces taste fresh and taro milk tea actually taste like real taro (not just powder).  Cheaper too than Bomboba.  On any hot day, you can go here for boba or frozen yogurt.  Very clean, modern looking place.  They don't have any real food here though.  They keep this place cool, well lit (probably don't need all the lights on during the day with their large windows), and would be a perfect study spot if there is WiFi!
5	I like this place way better than Bomboba.  The lady taking the orders was very sweet.  I already been here twice in one week.  Will definitely be going back here!  Green Apple Jelly!Boba!
5	Really great boba smoothies! The best I've had in Arizona by far. I would go every week if I could afford it.
4	The lady who works here is so nice, and the boba is great-- best I've had in the west valley! Try the honey green milk tea.
5	This place is great, and I love it. Their yogurt is Yogurtland quality, realy soft and rich, and the owner(?) was extremely friendly and kind, even giving me suggestions as to which drinks to try the next time I'm around. She also gave me a loyalty card for the next time I returned. Extremely friendly and the atmosphere of the place was really nice and cute. I would actually come here and do me homework if they offered drink refills, maybe have a snack and so on once the semester actually started. 10/10 will come again, even if Bomboba is closer to me.
5	I came here to Glendale to go shopping with a friend and spotted this place. Very nice place and super friendly staff. The drinks are delicious here. HIghly recommended!
4	We got boba drinks and the lady at the front was super friendly. The boba was alright, not the best that I've had (high standards after growing up in So Cal), but pretty great considering its in Arizona. They're also currently having a special where you get 10% off if you're a student!
5	Good boba and frozen yogurt. The owner is very nice also.:-) The drinks do not have an artificial taste like the strawberry smoothie actually have real strawberries in it. The boba is made to the right consistency. Highly recommend this place more than others in the Glendale area.
5	Very nice clean shop. It is very hip and modern.  The lady is very friendly. She takes good care of the place. We went and had 2 of their teas with boba. It came out fast and delicious. I was too full from dinner to try the yogurt but it looked good. My husband was excited cause they have coconut yogurt. The toppings looked good. I liked how they dispensed the dry toppings.  Will be back soon.
5	Delicious boba drinks and the owner was so sweet, she gave us 10% off for checking in. The shop is nice and clean. I got the blueberry milk tea with boba and my boyfriend got the Thai tea with boba. Delish. We'll definitely be back. :)
5	Two words to describe this place: Clean, fresh. The store is very well-kept, the toppings are organized well and not falling over each other, and the items taste great.   Their menu includes several other items besides frozen yogurt like boba tea, flavored tea, and shakes. Their fro-yo selection, therefore, isn't extensive like the big chains but what they do have is tasty and I'd personally have a few things that taste great than a smorgasbord of meh. The lady at the front (Louise or Eloise?) is very sweet. You can tell she takes great pride in her store and enjoys having customers. As a huge boba fan, I will have to try that next and I'm hoping it's as enjoyable as the fro-yo I had on this visit!
4	The milk tea is really good here and so is their house special!
5	This place is amazing... From their yogurts to their smoothies and teas you have to try them all. If you love boba this is the place to be!!!
4	Very tidy shop and separate options of frozen yogurt and smoothies/boba. The lady(owner) up front was very helpful to explain what boba is and the variety of flavors they have. There is also the option I blended(smoothie) boba or in regular drink with ice boba. Great drink to have of you love smoothies and tapioca foods.
5	I was shopping all around phoenix today and was in area, wanting  to try some place new for my boba fix I decided to stop by and try this place out after hearing from friends that this place was new and pretty good if not better in comparison to Bomboba, i've frequent bomboba quite a bit so I was skeptical - I needed to see and taste for myself before judging; so this was a good time and definitely wanted to come try the ice milk drink after seeing the picture folks uploaded! First impression walking up to the shop is that was a nice little yogurt shop, once inside it was very clean, bright, and modern. I noticed the wall menu of drinks wasn't all cluttered to make you feel like you need to read through paragraph to see what you'd want and what you're looking for to see if it's available - simple and easy to read! After briefly looking through the drink menu, I walked up to the nice asian lady in the front which turned out to be one of the owners and she was very kind and helpful and  told me quite a bit of the place, which made me appreciate this couples owned shop. I've ordered the Ice milk drink that I've heard so much about and seen in pictures, which is very delicious! It came in a big container cup as comparable to purplekow's cup out in SF - I love it, next time I will probably ask to make it a tad bit sweeter; but this is definitely one of my new favorite boba drinks in AZ! To describe the tastes, it's a very light sweet cream milk slush with boba and grass jelly but I added pudding for an extra 39 cents and it's well worth it and added another level of sweetness :) The other drinks I've got tonight was their Boba Milk Tea, Pina Colada Slush w/ popping boba,  and Berry Slush w/ popping boba!Boba Milk Tea, very subtle and not over powering - just about right in comparison to most other places.Pina Colada Slush w/ mango & lychee popping boba, pretty good solid and easily recognizable universal taste and was perfect with my added toppings. Berry Slush w/ lychee popping boba, very good in terms of a berry slush - the strong tone of berry flavor would be a rasberry/blue berry flavoring and the lychee popping boba balanced it out for my tastes :)Overall, I highly recommend boba lovers to try this place out for themselves if you're seeking something and some place new if you've frequent other boba shops; the yogurt I've sampled were very delicious and flavorful too!  i'm not really into yogurt but the banana cream pie was very very good!  I will definitely be coming back for the Ice Milk Slush!
2	I can't comment on the teas or boba but the self serve yogurt tasted artificial and out of the box. There wasn't anything special about it is an easy way to put it. Three machines were out of order.
5	I think I just found my new boba and yogurt spot!!!!!!! Greattttt customer service and was so kind to my kids!!! The owner was so sweet, we found out she was chinese who spoke vietnamese :) she thanked us multiple times for coming in :DAs we left, she asked us if we would like to be on the list when they come out with snow shave ice next month so she could give us a discount next time. :D
4	House special drink is so yummy and addicting. I'll for sure be coming back for more. Only down fall is that it literally took 20mins to get my drink. If I didnt wait that long then I would def give them 5stars..
5	OMG!!!! House special: Ice milk, with boba, grass jelly and pudding! Where have you been all my life?! I just can't get over it. The boba, jelly & pudding complements the taste of the milk or vice versa. I love boba drinks! This place is the BEST-test that i've tried so far. The owner was really nice, sweet and was nice to talked to. A warm welcome, approachable & really good customer service. I went to the bathroom to wash my hands and there it is, my boba waiting on my table. I wanna go back now!!
2	Came here solely for the iced milk boba with pudding (house special) because I heard it's comparable or similar to that of Half & Half's iced milk drink in Cali.   This place only made me crave half&half more - it's not that great.  The drink took forever to make, and when I got it, I was sorely disappointed.
4	Best boba on the west side of Glendale. Always friendly as well. Only constructive criticism I have is their loyalty program. Even if you buy 3 drinks, you only get one punch. If it was one punch per drink, I'm sure more people would return.
3	The drink taste good but I'm not really fond of how we can only get one stamp per visit     Even if you order 5 drinks . She'll see you as one person and therefore one stamp .  Therefore , it's best if you order the drinks separately if you happen to be on a date and your guy friend insisting paying for you .. Kinda ruin the mood ...  And don't go to her store and hour or two before she closes ... She probably won't have any tapioca balls left by then .. So make sure you call ahead of time to ensure that she have boba left and if she says she's saving it for you , don't expect there are gonna be a good amount of portion of boba cause I got half amount of boba and got charged at the same price .. So overall .. She's does make drink tasty but the way she does business is kind effy ...
5	It's very hard to find a legit tea/yogurt shop in the area. My friend recommended me here and I'm hooked! I'm from Southern California so we have an abundance of spots like these. But, from my experience, Yo & I has got it down! PS. I heard that they're going to start serving Shaved snow!!!! Must try:   HOUSE Special (Iced milk drink with pudding, boba and grass jelly)
4	2nd time here and noticed they got rid of the multiple options for yogurt and now have something called snow fluff in fruit flavors and can fruit for toppings. The owner explained it's not as sweet as yogurt so it might appeal to adults with a not so sweet tooth. They did not have samples yet but look forward to the it soon. Still great and friendly service like my last time here.
4	I like that it's a boba & frozen yogurt place. I was craving some boba in phoenix so decided to try it out. Thankfully, it turned out to be a very fun experience. I even introduced my white, guy friend to tapioca balls! He is still very wary of floating tapioca balls in his drink.
4	Just moved to Glendale and wanted to find a Boba tea place comparable to what's at home. Stumbled upon this place and it was delicious!!! Kinda sad they didn't have boba readily available but the service was A+++. Sweetest lady ever! Will definitely be coming back.
2	12/26/13 update:Well, they no longer serve several flavors of yogurt, highly disappointing.  They're going to switch it out for some shaved ice and the woman was quite rude to me this time around. I might just not make the extra three miles for some quality boba and stick with bomboba with their mediocre drinks.
4	This place has stepped up since I last had it when they first opened! The house special (milk tea with pudding, grass jelly, and boba) is delicious! I highly recommend it! I've had boba iced teas from others shops before who packs large amounts if ice into my drinks; however, Yo & I is very good with their ice to tea ratio. The service wasn't great! The lady and her son are always very nice to us!
3	First things first, the house special drink with iced milk slush, boba, pudding, and grass jelly is the only thing this place has to offer in my opinion. Other than that, service sucks and the other drinks are basic. Expect to wait 10-15 minutes for a drink with them being busy or not busy. This place has potential to be very popular, but it's just not there yet. I hope this place improves on their service and pace.
4	My first time going here to see what all the hype is about on the House Special. I went with a few friends and my boyfriend. This was my first and only visit so far and I just tried their House Special. You can sit in the store or outside. It's not that big and I could compare it similar size to a Yogurtland. As everyone told me, the wait sometimes is too long and to my experience, I say it true. It took about 5-7 minutes and I was fine with that because I am a pretty reasonable and patient person. There was only 1 person working... Back to the drink, I enjoyed it very much. The House Special drink is very good & definitely worth a try. I am filipino and the way I could describe this drink is that it is like a cold taho. I gulped it down because it was too good!! I still need to try more drinks but I have a strong feeling that I will just come back for the House Special.
5	Great little spot!
3	Yo & I... "frozen yogurt" ... they don't sell frozen yogurt?!?! Just Asian bubble tea drinks for now but the owner said they would be selling snow fluff in about 2 weeks.  Ok good, I'm on a mission to find the perfect shaved snow... nothing can compare to blockheads in CA... I tried The House special and it was delish!!! They make it with perfect portions. Reminded me of  Half&Half in CA. When I walked in there was no one in site, I decided to wait a few minutes then the owner walked out and before saying Hi she asked how I heard of this place... She was very helpful on explaining the drinks which I liked. The drink took forever to make , I sat patiently in an empty quite room. the owner was very nice but could use some help or advertising... The fact you advertise frozen yogurt in your name and don't sell or have a unfinished Facebook page with no information well that could be a main reason your dead.... just saying. But ill be back to try their snow.
5	Legit boba and really good snow. I always get chocolate slush, here it really tastes like chocolate rich and chocolates.
2	I was warned that this place was a little off. But did I listen? Nooo.It looks a lot different than the pictures posted here. There are no more yogurt machines other than one behind the register, and the dispensers for various toppings are gone now. There are more tables and chairs. It seems like the focus has switched to the milk teas and smoothies.The person running the register asked what I wanted four times. She looked like she was panicking on the inside from how busy the place was. I was a little annoyed at this point. Then I waited 20 minutes for two drinks; that is way too long of a wait.I give two stars because the almond milk tea is absolutely delicious, and my boyfriend seemed to enjoy the strawberry banana smoothie I brought home to him. Yo and I really needs to step up on the service though. Or maybe I shouldn't come here on the weekends.
5	I'm pretty much obsessed with this place. I ordered an iced cappuccino with boba. While I was waiting the owner was telling me about their popular drinks & even gave me a sample of their grass jelly. She was so sweet & so helpful. To top it off, it was probably one of the best boba drinks I've ever had! Can't wait to visit soon.
1	Okay drinks. Bad service. They gave me drinks 25 minutes later and even gave someone (who ordered after me) their drinks before me. What the hell!? Just go to Bomboba for great service and great drinks :)! I love them there!
4	So far lately she been pretty good at keeping up with having sufficient boba and when she runs out of it , she'll make more of it (you have to wait 15 minutes ) .. On the stamp she been more generous but kind of a struggle still ... Sometime I just feel like that she isn't fond of giving stamp ..... But the drinks to stamp ratio now is one to one so it's good ... The only downfall is that if you get a regular milk tea which costs about 2.95? It won't count as a stamp ...  So make sure you up the size or add boba ! ^_^'!
5	Come here for the boba! My boyfriend and I stumbled across this place and we're hooked! Their thai tea is great, I've had the almond smoothie and coconut smoothie which were both delicious, and their flavored teas are also amazing. I really need to try the house special!
5	HOUSE SPECIALI was skeptical as I don't always like boba (it's filling) and don't usually like grass jelly (in which this has both). It's an ice milk drink with the formerly mentioned and pudding. This may sound overwhelming if you haven't had boba type drinks before, but they are all perfect compliments of each other. Other things I've tried:* Avocado smoothie - made with real avocado - added grass jelly. It was good that they used fresh avocado and if you like Avocado - try it!* Vietnamese coffee - super sweet, but a great viet coffee. You have to let the ice melt a bit but it's strong and good for a coffee fix / coffee lover.* Pina colada slush - sweet but you definitely pick up each flavor - pineapple, cocounut. Good for when you're craving tropical. Yes, the service can be slow - especially on the weekend. But if you simply go in expecting this, then you won't be hangry or surprised. Why is it slow? They make to order and the do small batches of boba so that each boba is the perfect texture. When you large batch boba it comes out hard in the middle or overly mushy. So I for one appreciate the dedication to quality. If they can figure out a way to make more small batches quickly and have on hand / speed up the back of house logistics then awesome. But I'll still come here because the service is good because the owner is a sweet lady and serves quality stuff.
4	I'm honestly actually pulling for this place to last. The look of the place isn't very good. You can tell it was a old yogurt shop as it still has the areas where the dispensers would be. Its pretty plain inside for the most part and I can see a lot of people just walking past the place. But the drinks are really good. You can tell that they are just getting off the ground as a business. Hopefully they stick around.
4	Does anyone know if the iced milk drink is made with actual milk? Or is it condensed or almond milk? I loved the house special but I do have a milk allergy so I'm just wondering!
4	I'm not from around Glendale, I was actually visiting some family when I looked at yelp and came across this place. I love boba and by the pictures I just had to try it out. I typically get the taro boba, and it was very good I was surprised to see macaroons here since it is not really advertised here. I grab a few of those and they were so good...whenever I'm back in down I'm coming back! :)
5	Best smoothie I've ever had. They use real avocados in season! Great choice for a healthy snack.
4	Lots of great flavors and variety of drinks to choose from! Their milk tea is simply the best. Owner is always happy to see you and I've sat and talked with friends for hours here and still felt welcome.Just a little bit disappointing that all the frozen yogurt machines and the toppings bar has been removed.
5	The only thing I recommend is that they have pictures with their menu, because when I ordered the snow fluff, I had no idea what to expect. The lady there was really kind and helpful. When I got my order, I was really satisfied. I plan on trying the house special next. If you haven't been there, I recommend you try this place out. It might help if you look through the pictures people have posted on here before ordering though.
5	Def a 5 star for boba type drinks in the phoenix area. The house special is really delicious. not sure what else to say about the place. Glad it wasn't crowded when i went in the middle of the day.
5	I've only tried the House Special here so maybe my opinion doesn't really matter but hey, I think I'll post anyways!  Mr. W. once surprised me after work with a House Special and it was an explosion of flavors.  Between the pudding, boba, grass jelly, and milk tea, I was on a roller coaster of textures and flavors and I can only sum it up in one word:  Sweetness.  I went into the shop yesterday and got the same thing and it was still a crazy whirlwind of flavors and textures.  The boba is soft and cooked well and the pudding just melts in your mouth so that's always a plus.The targeted audience seems to be teenagers and young adults.  It's a clean shop with lots of other goodies and sweets to offer.  Service is good, prices are reasonable, and it's definitely not a bad place to check out if you're in the west valley!  They also serve frozen yogurt, snow ice cream, and macarons.  Yum!  Definitely my favorite boba place in the West Valley!
4	Finally a better boba place in this area!!! I have tried the house special, coffee house special, almond milk tea, and taro slushie. I would only recommend the house special!! It is super yummy with boba, grass jelly, and pudding in a milky slush. The other drinks I tried were just okay in comparison.If you're from CA, I think the house special is comparable to similar drinks we can get here. I like the location of this place. It can get crowded sometimes, but drinks come out quickly. They also have games! Bath room is nice a clean too.
5	My girlfriend introduced me to Boba in California a year ago and I fell in love with this tea drink. A few places in Arizona are now opening up specifically for Boba that we have tried but nothing compares to California Boba...... Until now!! Friendly clean place with California grade Boba, this is the Top Boba spot in Arizona hands down.
5	This place has the best boba I've had hands down! Delicious and refreshing drinks. If you want matcha or green tea flavor, get the iced green tea latte with boba--I ordered the honey green milk tea which was also great but has just a honey flavor. The owner is so nice and made the iced green tea latte for me. Definitely a great place with great service!
5	Yummms. That's all I can say :) every time im around arrowhead. I stop by to get there house special. Heaven I must say. Its way better than half & half back in San Gabriel. My opinion! Also try there passion fruit tea with boba & fresh fruits. Best boba shop so far in Arizona
5	I definitely love this place! I live like maybe 20 minutes away but always willing to drive up here and get some drinks! I totally recommend the house special drinks! Those are the BEST! :) I love the pudding and jelly in there! It makes the drinks so fun! They recently came out with a taro house special! Lol when I heard about it I was like I have to go get some!!! I did and it was so DELISH!! My other favorite one is the Volcano Drink. It's really really good! There like little star jelly in it! It's so cute!They recently added green tea latte! It's is mmmmMm YUMMY! Love it! You can also create your own drinks too. When it's crowded it would take awhile to get our drinks because they make it all fresh! So I don't mine the wait at all. They have like games for us to play with. The owner is absolutely lovely! I love her! She is super friendly. Very welcoming.
5	3rd or fourth time here they now have the flavored snow fluff. The owner Louise is always friendly and informative every time we come here. Enjoyed the variety of toppings they have especially for the new snow fluff. They now sell a variety of locally baked macaroons on the weekend. And occasionally the really hard to find green tea kit kats. Sometimes they run out of boba because they make fresh batches. If they run out try one of the puddings instead. It's still great in your smoothie.
5	Second time coming here from tucson. Had to try to their new house special taro with taro pudding. So bomb!!
4	Banana milk tea boba is so delicious! My first time here and it was my first choice will def come back to try other flavors
5	This place is amazing. The snow tastes great, the Bob a is delicious not chappy like other spots...and the owner is friendly and fantastic. I walk in and she always remembers me and everyone that comes in.
5	Today was my first time coming here and I highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a place for some good boba! I was greeted by this cute lady I think she's the owner here, she was really sweet! I didn't wait for long for my drink to come out, and plus I didn't have to get out of my seat to get my drink! It was brought to me at my table! The service here was great! And the drink was awesome! Compared to another boba place I use to go to, I will now come here from now on! Worth my drive and money.
5	I love this place, it's absolutely the best when it comes to their smoothies. I bring a lot of people to Yo & I and it never fails that they fall in love with the place as well. Whether you're getting boba in it or not, getting tea or just shaved snow, it'll taste great.
4	Nice..I finally found a boba shop by my house. I haven't had boba in a long time, well since visiting  National City near SD.  When I walked into yo&I I scan the menu and decided on a avocado smoothie with boba.  Came out shortly and was really good. I love eating boba in my smoothies. The avocado smoothie tasted great. I'd like to come back and try more including their special drink that looks amazing!!! Especially in the hot Az summers. I will be back here soon.
5	Yo and I has the best bubble tea in Arizona, as far as I've tried. Their milk tea and house special are my favorites.
4	4.5 STARS! Coming from Cali, this is as close as it gets to what I'm used to and we all know the struggle for boba tea here in Phoenix is real. #bobalife, yo.A little shop that looks like it used to be a self-service froyo shop turned into a shaved ice, smoothie and boba drink location. Looks mom and pop run, but here they carry great boba tea that makes me feel as if I never left NorCal. I ordered the House Special due to the continuous reviews here on Yelp and found the drink intriguing and it included 3 of my top add-ons for milk teas. The House special is a large, blended milk tea with egg pudding, grass jelly and boba ($5.16). The drink is good with tea flavor, icy and not too sweet. The grass jelly was good, egg pudding nice and soft and the boba here is amazing! The boba here is cooked well and sweetened unlike most places. I dislike when boba is overcooked and mushy, flavorless or raw in the middle for obvious reasons.Really slow service here, but understandable as it's one lovely lady working the cashier and her husband (?) in the back making drinks. The woman was so friendly and kind, she also brought out the drinks and apologized for the wait which I didn't mind at all. The prices aren't too bad at all and the quality is great. I also saw that they have french macarons here that I will have to try when they aren't out.
5	Got the house special drink and loved it!!!! Best boba drink hands down. Also tried the mango passion fruit & that was good too! Very nice lady!
5	Amazing!  the house special (iced milk drink with boba, pudding, and grass jelly) is bomb.  Best boba in the area for sure
4	I like the strong tea flavor.. A lot of places you only taste the sweetness but not this! Yum
5	Brand new in town and my friend brought me here.  Literally fell in love at first sip with the House Special.  Great portions, nice environment, polite staff, and boba-tastic taste! Pretty much the best I've tasted :) :) :) :)
5	It is so awesome to have such amazing boba on this side of town! It is still a long drive from my home, but I am in the area a lot, and will be coming here a lot!! I had the house special, it was freakin AWESOME!! It was huge and amazing! My hubby had the boba milk tea and he loved it! I snuck a taste and it was perfect, just the right sweetness.
5	Love this place. Friendly owners and the boba drinks are delicious! I used to live in Houston, TX where these types of drinks are popular and made well. Yo & I is as close as it gets in the Phoenix area!My favorite items on the menu are:Jasmine Milk TeaThe House SpecialCoconut SmoothieThe boba is really fresh because they make it in small batches. The drinks are made fresh. And they all taste so yummy! I highly recommend this place.
5	Their tapioca balls are always fresh and service is always nice. Taro milk tea is my ultimate fave. Would def recommend!
4	Whenever I try a new tea place I order the default drink: BMT(boba milk tea). This is the simplest of drink to make yet difficult to get the flavor just right. In this case I was tempted to give Yo & I 3.5 stars. The BMT sweetness was just right but lacking a it on the tea flavor. The boba texture was spot on - just the right amount of al dente, but the boba itself lacked flavor. If the boba had a honey flavor it would've added points to drink. In the end I'm giving this place 4 stars mainly because: The drinks are well madePrices are decent Owner lady is super friendly.
5	Excellent boba. I love this place.  The house special drink is a must. The owner was absolutely friendly and helpful. I would definitely come back.
5	I absolutely love this place! I am glad I checked it out after reading the reviews. Great customer service and the owners are very friendly. I've only been coming here for the past month and have already made 5 trips in. I always order the Taro House Special, it's amazingly good!
4	Came back to try their snow! Yes, this is how snow should be (check out my review on Snoh)!Instead of giving into my boba cravings I decided to share a snow/shaved ice with a friend. Mango show with two toppings because we got the medium size. For toppings, I got the egg pudding, lychee jelly and condensed milk drizzle. The snow was light, fluffy and oh so yummy. The condensed milk made it sweet and the egg pudding was good. I didn't like the lychee jelly as it was sweet and syrupy (but my friend chose that topping). Good price point for a dessert to share.The owners are always so nice and apologetic for the time the drinks/desserts come out, but hey they put out good product! Plus, the son- I'm assuming always plays good music here.
5	I adore this place! It is a great find for boba and other special drinks and treats. The customer service is very good and helpful. The place has a nice, cute interior located in a friendly area. My favorites are the volcano green tea, the original iced milk tea with boba and the iced thai tea. If that isn't enough, try their shaved snow too. Good place to visit for a nice cold beverage on a hot summer day or just any day. I have been to many places that serve boba drinks in the valley and this is by far one of the best I have ever tasted. Give it a try, wont disappoint you.
5	Every time I've been here the staff is amazing!!! So helpful and polite!! The house special is awesome!!! I recommend you try it when you are here!!
