4	So, it's a Saturday night and you are really aching for some Vietnamese food. You head on over to the tried-and-tested, everyone's favorite--Cyclo. But alas, there is a line, a LONG line. And no matter how much you beg and plead with owner in stilettos, Justina, she ain't budging. She sticks one finger at you and says, "You just have to wait."Your stomach growls. What do you do?Well you just drive a little to the north and try Anise Restaurant. Located across from Lee Lee's, this little-known Vietnamese place serves pretty good Vietnamese pho (the chicken kind), which my dining partner ordered. The flavors were simple, almost true to what pho should really taste like (some I've tasted try too hard by overdoing spices and seasonings, and some also have this unexplainable greasy taste). I tried the Anise noodles as recommended by our waitress and it was pretty darn yummy! I had that with the summer rolls with peanut sauce on the side, and it was addicting. I was a pig, even for just an hour...I was a pig! And I loved every minute of it. Oh, and just for kicks, my dining partner ordered the shrimp burschetta simply because that's his favorite item to order at Cyclo. And, the decision is: he still loves Cyclo's shrimp bruschetta. But this comes as a close second. The service was excellent, the place...neat and tidy, which is great and pleasant. However, I must say that here is something about a small restaurant in frenzy, like what happens to Cyclo on a weekend. I think the bustle and demand for tables at Cyclo makes me appreciate the food over there more. It's like like acquiring a hot commodity and you kinda wanna go "neener-neener" to those who stand by  the door and wait their turn while they salivate.At any rate, Anise is a good alternative. Definitely something that should always be considered when craving for Vietnamese food. The price is very reasonable, and it's an inviting place to take everyone on the family.
5	I went to this place within days of hearing about it from an in-law who had just started working there and we just loved it--so much that I went back there with my brother when he came to town (he liked it too) and with my picky daughter who is, unlike her mother, hesitant to try new and exotic foods, and anybody else I could get to go there with me.  They even gave me the "family discount" without my even asking for one and let my relative take time to sit down and chat with us when she had a chance.  The owners treated us like we were THEIR family. And they brought over some unsolicited complimentary appetizers just so we could try more things!  My daughter loved the Anise Pho Beef Soup so much she got it both times.  My mother had the veggie crepe and it was more than she could eat.  In fact we had so many leftovers we made an entire meal out of them the next day!    I can't wait to return to Chandler and go to this place again.
3	The food is better than most standard Vietnamese.....the fish sauce needs more flavor.  Service was good.  The ambience was definitely better than most Asian restaurants.
5	This is the best Vietnamese place I have been to and I have been to about 20 different places.  It is not bargain basement prices, so if you are the college kid looking for the $4.95 bowl of Pho this isn't it.  The food is definitely worth the extra couple dollars and the cleanliness and service is a HUGE step above most Vietnamese places.  I have tried a number of the other dishes and they are also good, but the soups are the bomb.   The chicken soup is a must when sinus problems or colds hit.The other thing I really like is how well they wrap up the soup if you get it to go.  It's still hot when you get home and it doesn't spill in the car.With this place, Shimogamo, C-Fu Gourmet and Curry House (and Lee Lee's supermarket) all on the same corner, this is pretty much the Asian food Mecca in Phoenix.
5	I just got back from dinner w/ my mom and sister.  We took our time, sampling several items from the menu.  We loved this place.  5 stars on Yelp was our consensus.  Mom felt it was one of the better restaurant experiences she has had in some time.We started w/ an appetizer platter of spring and fresh rolls, and shrimp bruscetta.  After that we split a bowl of the Chicken, ginger and rice porridge.  YUM.  Next time I'm sick, I'm stopping in to get some for takeout.We ordered #23 (beef, shrimp vermicelli), #28 (lemongrass chicken)  and #39 (vegetable yellow curry) for our meals and could not pick a favorite.  They were all very good.For dessert, the owner recommended the banana pudding w/ tapioca. and coconut milk.  I will be getting this too the next time I'm sick to go w/ my chicken/ginger soup.We will definitely be back to try other items.  I got the pho ga to go for my daughter and she gave it a thumbs up.  The owner noted we did not really eat the rice that came with our dishes and told us next time we are in to ask for veggies on the side instead.The average dinner menu price seems to be $8-$9.
5	I took the daughter and this time I tried the Pho Ga...it is yummy.  They give you a tray of condiments that you can add, I chose to add the spice paste/sauce to give it a little kick.  I have also made it back to get my take out of ginger and chicken when I was feeling a little under the weather...bought 2 orders and the hubbie got to try it and enjoyed it.
4	Great selection of appetizers, rice and noodle dishes and of course pho!I like the signature  Anise noodles but there is never enough sauce. Though the staff is always keen to tell you 'the only other place that serves this is in Paris!". Will definitely start branching out and trying other dishes. Clean and great service...and you can go across the street for gelato or boba tea!
3	The owner waited on us and was very friendly and accommodating.  Food was fresh and good but not the pho.  It was powdered chicken broth.  I would go back for the make your own rice paper rolls with the pork sausage.
4	This place is very clean and decor is well put in an old school Asian way.  The lighting is pretty dim and the huge space makes you feel a little bored.  The owners were too busy chatting with the customers at one table that other customers were feeling a little out of place.  Anyway, the basil, lemon and bean sprouts for the pho was amazingly fresh.  The lemon was perfectly ripe, basil was not wilting, and every single bean sprouts had their ends trimmed....it's pretty amazing how much detail they put into their vegetables.  The pho was pretty good and the best part was that there was so much meat in it.  The rice dish was ok but the portion was very small.  The spring rolls...I've never seen such tiny spring rolls but the flavors were very nice.  I have to tell you about their bathroom.  It was nice, clean, and spacious.  I don't know about the men's side but lady's bathroom is one of the nicest I've seen in a public location.  They even use the bath & body works hand soap.*Location = convenient, right across the street from Lee Lee's Market*Price = on the expensive side for pho*Decor = traditional nice...you don't have to feel like you are compromising your standard for niceness just b/c you want pho*Service = efficient but it would be nice if the owners treat every customer equallyWould we go back? SureIs this our first choice for pho? No, we still prefer Pho Ao Sen overall
5	This is one of my favorite places in Chandler and I try to get by here whenever I'm in town.  The people who run it are so nice and the atmosphere is very relaxed.  The prices are a little higher than other Vietnamese places I go but not prohibitive.  Everything I've had here over the past two years has been delicious.  (4/09)
4	We took an out of town friend for dinner this week to turn him on to some of our favorite vietnamese food.  The spring rolls were very fresh and delicious.  We like #3 with the grilled pork.  My husband loves the bun rice noodle salad.  I tried something new for me #19, egg noodles with fried shallots and pork, I had them add broccoli and carrots since I love veggies and it was great.  We also love the Vietnamese coffee.  Since I can't have caffeine the owners were nice enough to have decaf on hand so I can enjoy it too.  We love this place and it is super clean, the service is fast and friendly and the prices are very reasonable.
5	I would have to say that I've been to many vietnamese  resturants across the count.   Anise is one of the best. If your looking for a resturant with sticky chopsticks, just plain noodles, something growing on the floor and rushed service (or lack thereof), then head across the street.Anise is where you go if you want good fresh vietnamese food served with a smile and in a very clean place.
5	This place looks really elegant.  Great lighting, place settings and decor. Which would make me suspect if this place was authentic.  Like I've said before, and I'll say it once more: decor means nothing.  This place doesn't need it, that's how good the pho is! I could tell as soon as I stepped foot in this restaurant that it would be delish. The bouquet that smacks you in the face upon entering is a full on assault of awesomeness!  You know when you get your pho, and you stick your mug right over the bowl and you inhale those cartoon aroma hands that offer up anise, fennel and corriander? That's what you get when you enter this place! Needless to say, the Pho was excellent whether you pick the beef combo or chicken, lemongrass chicken, and fried rice (for the little one) were also superb. Very very good.  Cheers!
4	I asked the waiter what was best and he said the vermicelli.  I've had this at tons of other restaurants in and out of Vietnam and this dish is very good.  The ingredients were some of the freshest I have ever had at a Vietnamese restaurant.  The reason for no 5th star is that the noodles were a little soft and I've had better sauce that you use to mix in the bowl.  The Vietnamese (iced) coffee was very good, but I've had better at many other places.  I'd go back when in the neighborhood.
3	A friend and I came in for a quick lunch. The service is better than most standard Asian joints...however, I wasn't impressed with their food. Mediocre at best, we both had pho (seafood and beef) the broth was awful it was so lacking in flavor. Service was good tho. The ambience/decor was definitely better than most Asian restaurants. Probably won't eat there again.
1	OMG, talk about watered down Vietnamese food! A great introduction for those who have never tried Viet cuisine I guess, but don't come here expecting authentic Vietnamese taste.
4	Okay, here is the adventure, we needed lunch in less than an hour and we were struck with a craving of Vietnamese food. My friend, who lives in Chandler once ordered "to go" from a Vietnamese restaurant near her home. I loved it and thought, I want to find this place. To set out to find a random Vietnamese restaurant, I happily stumbled onto Anise in Chandler.We arrived slightly later than the lunch hour so the restaurant was empty. It was slightly past the lunch special but the hostess/server allowed us to take advantage of the $8.99 lunch (includes a soup or salad, and choice of entree). Even though we were the only ones inside, the food was delicious and the server was attentive.Between the two of us, we tried the fresh spring rolls and crispy egg rolls and the noodle lunch entrees (vermicelli with pork and vermicelli with egg rolls). The one thing that I really appreciated was that the cook mixed the sauce and it was delicious. I never seem to get it right when I do it on my own and the mix was the best I tasted. The restaurant was clean, the service was prompt and attentive and the best part, the food, was delicious. I will definitely return. Just a note, I am not sure if this was the same place that my friend ordered to go but if not, it seems Chandler is a good place to find Vietnamese restaurants.
4	I've been here a few times for both dine-in and take-out, and the gem of this place is its consistency. The food is stellar, and the service is thorough.Tucked into a generic strip mall in Chandler lies a fabulous escape into Vietnamese cuisine. Anise has a whole book of traditional Vietnamese flavors.The first time I went here it was with a Vietnamese friend of mine. He walked me through what to expect and helped me select a few things off the menu. I've seem some reviews on here that seem to suggest the flavors here are far from authentic, but I'd have to disagree. My friend brought me to this restaurant precisely because the flavors and dishes are authentic given his extensive experience with traditional Vietnamese cuisine. Perhaps those reviews that say otherwise are used to Phoenix's usual Asian fare, which is usually far from authentic.The menu is split into several different sections, including one just for vegetarians. The vegetarian dishes are hearty, many containing tofu or nuts as a significant source of protein. It is clear to me that the vegetables are always VERY fresh. I usually get the crispy rolls and vermicelli, which is a dish that is both light and filling.  I haven't branched out to try anything else off of the extensive vegetarian-friendly menu, but I can say that it all looks delicious.For meat eaters, Anise has a veritable ton of omnivore-friendly fare, the most popular of which is by far the pho.  The meat appears to be well-incorporated into the dishes, and everyone I've ever come here with compliments the medley of flavors.Anise has a variety of lunch specials, and their service is fast and thorough.  Haven't had Vietnamese before?  That's okay!  Ask either your server or the owner (she's checked in at my table each time I've been there) for suggestions.  They're always happy to oblige.Excellent find!  I can't wait to go there again.
4	The food and service here are great! The restaurant is right across the street from the Lee Lee Supermarket shopping center. The food here is definitely better than other Viet places I've tried in Chandler so far.Here's what I've ordered:Chao Ga (Chicken Porridge) - Really good! I was sick and it totally hit the spot!Thit Nuong Cuon (grilled pork summer roll) - Good, but I wish I would've ordered the Fresh Summer Roll instead. I prefer the peanut sauce over the fish sauce with my rolls!Bun Chao Tom (ground shrimp and noodles with veggies) - Really good!Definitely a must try! You won't be disappointed.
5	I've been to scores of Vietnamese restaurants and while the decor is a notch above and it's convenient and easy to park, this one excels for a couple of reasons:1. Unfailing great service: Kim is attentive, genuine and always helpful with suggestions, as are the many other family members we gave met over our repeated visits.  You can eat family style at many places but few make you feel like family.2. The food.  I love pho as well as many if the vermicelli and egg noodle dishes and am never disappointed.  The broth for the pho is richer, more flavorful, and more fragrant than many other places (and asian cuisine abounds in Chandler).  They have the usual great appetizers including perfect spring rolls but what you CANNOT miss is the outstanding mango sorbet served as dessert!  Never too sweet but packed with flavor; always light and refreshing.I'll be going back again (and soon) fir another great meal and friendly service!
5	Great noodle and fried banana with mango shebert
5	Anise is an attractive clean restaurant with good service and great food.  Loved the pho ga and the spring rolls!
1	BOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!Where did it go?!  The restaurant is empty and there is an eviction notice on the door! Very bad news! I called the number, no dice.  WTH is going on here? If anyone knows the new location please tell me! STAT.No fair.....no fair (yes, Gage in pet cemetary)
5	Anise is a wonderful place to eat. Great atmosphere and wonderful, wholesome food.Make sure you try their soups, and if you like coffee, try their iced Vietnamese Coffee.Unfortunately Anise has closed.Anise will be missed.
