5	Just your typical warehouse club right?  I guess that depends on your definition of typical.  Sam's club has hours just for buisness members starting at 7:00am.  You can also fax in or go online and have them shop for you.  All you do is go in a pay for it.They have a few membership levels- Business, Gold Member and Premium.  The Premium level you earn 2% back on all your purchases.  They do give you two cards for the price that you pay, so you can go in with a neighbor and each get a card.In addition to electronics, photo lab, optical center, bakery, meat department, they also have a little know "clearance" section at each Sam's.  You just have to know where it is.  Also when they are clearancing out merchandise, the price will end in a "1".  Most common is .71 or .81.  I have picked up 5 pound bags of mixed candy for .71 a bag, and lots of other deals just by knowing this little secret.They do discount their meat the day before they need to pull it from the shelves.  They also will give cookies to children.My boys also love the cafe where they get their "pizza and drink please."  Their menu has changed  a lot lately though and I am not sure if I like it.  Prices are very reasonable though.They also have gasoline pumps outside which if you know your prices can be a good thing!If you are not satified with your membership, you can cancel at anytime and they will prorate your membership refund.  Their refund policy is really good as well.
4	Two words: BULK SHOPPING.   Some might say it's an addiction, but I have to admit, I get caught up in it myself sometimes.  This is a nice Sam's Club location.  Clean and easily accessible off the 202 and AZ Ave.  Oh, and that previous tip about clearance stuff ending in .71 or .81 - I'm going to have to look into that one!
3	Coming from a family where we have memberships at both competing bulk, membership only warehouses, at times it's pretty cool since both Sam's and Costco complement each other. Depending on the location you shop at, merchandise and certain brands differ. The prices at Sam's are comparable with Costco's, some things offered are cheaper or slightly more. Like Costco, depending on the time and day you're at their store, food samples are available for a bite. Unlike Costco, I think with Costco it's because of customer volume compared to Sam's the food samples handed out are much larger and at times snack size. Unlike their Wal Mart counterparts, Sam's for the most part is organized, and neat. Also like the gas stations attached to the store. they're substantially less than regular gas stations. Their store hours are much later than Costco as well, until 8:30p M-Sat. Overall I enjoy my membership with Sam's Club.
4	Great place for snacks. Pizza, pretzels and good or fashion icee not to mention the only game in town for car tires and batteries
3	I brought my car in to get new tires and the first time they did so they broke 2 Standoffs. One on either side of the car. They ended up paying to get it fixed so that was good. But still know your setting for your torque wrench...
4	If you need bulk items, get a membership. If you like to save on gas, get a membership. If you like to save on tires, get a membership.
4	Organic carrots are the best! Giant bags for $3... great deal!
3	It's a Sam's Club - what more can I say? Their quality is not as good as Costco and their prices have definitely gone up. I do still go for about the same 10 items every couple of weeks. I will say that I hate it when the associates try to have me go through the "self check." If I wanted to be a cashier, I would apply for a job! Typical, prices go up, customer service goes down. Sams Club and Wal-Mart need to hire more cashiers.
3	As far as Sams clubs go this one is decent. I like the idea of self checkout lanes. Parking lot is small and the store Layout is different from any Sams Club I've ever been to before. Staff was friendly and the store was clean, so it works for me. Can't go wrong at sams, but this one could be more user friendly and keep everything in the same place like all the other ones.
4	Great place! I save money on bulk items.... And other fun things like books, clothing, DVDs... Also they have great deals on tires and you save money on gas! Totally worth the membership. Also, it's open most of the day.
5	Good deals, nice staff and cheap gas!
