3	This is a small restaurant.  It is a standard storefront that a person can perhaps easily overlook.  It is hiding in a strip mall.  If you are looking for a simple lunch, this is a good place.   The menu is on the wall.  The waiter and owners speak limited English.
5	I eat lunch here at least once a week. The food is affordable and delicious! It is family owned and they are the friendliest people. Definitely a great place for lunch!
5	I love Christina's! It's a tiny family-run Mexican restaurant with delicious and affordable meals. The owner and his family are extremely friendly and always make me feel welcome. They can tailor menu items to be vegetarian and dairy-free, if desired, which is fantastic. I go here for lunch whenever I'm in the area.
5	Christina's is so delicioso it makes me want to cry! Seriously. I have brought almost all my immediate family members and friends here to enjoy their authentic, fresh dishes. If I lived in the area (and didn't just work nearby) I would go much more often.
4	Great enchiladas, nice and simple setting, don't expect fancy surroundings, but you'll get a great meal cooked by someone who knows her stuff. Well worth returning.
5	I only found this place because of reviews on Yelp.  I usually pride myself on knowing all the Mexican food places.  You know how everyone talks about that hole in the wall with great food that you can tell are old family recipes?  Yeah....this is that place.  Just tucked in the corner of the plaza its in, you gotta know it is there to find it, but it is worth it.I had the carne asada plate.....tastey.  There are four sitdown style Mexican restaurants within about five miles that charge twice as much for food that is half as good.  All this and the staff was very friendly, which seems to make everything taste better.  BTW-The salsa is SPECIAL!
4	I'm writing this in a partial food coma from eating a filling lunch at Christina's.  The portions are generous, the prices are reasonable, and service is cheerful.  Unfortunately, they did not have horchata when we went, but they do have a wide array of Pepsi fountain products (Including Diet Dr. Pepper), as well as bottled water and canned sodas.They have a Taco Tuesday special (.99 per taco, choice of different meats), but today I chose to try the chilaquiles ($6.99).  You have your choice of meat (Beef or chicken) and choice of sauce (Green or red).  I decided on the green chicken chilaquiles. We were served chips and salsa while they were making our order.  The chips were hot and fresh, and were light and crispy.  The salsa had a robust, full flavor, with just a little kick of spiciness.  The chilaquiles were a very generous portion, with refried beans and Spanish rice.  The green sauce was nice, but a little too acidic for me, so it was nice to balance the acid of the chilaquiles with the beans and rice.  The chicken was finely chopped, and tender, and there was a good amount of shredded, melted cheese on top.  I tried some of the hard taco, which had a nice, crispy taco shell, with good portions of meat to veggie.Like mentioned before, the meals here are very filling, so come here on an empty stomach!
5	Very good Mexican restaurant, it is small but have some of the best food we have had. We travel a lot & have had some very bad food!  We will return to this restaurant.  The people were very friendly & made sure we were satisfied & had everything we wanted. You won't go wrong here!!
3	Had the chicken burrito with beans/rice on the side.  Nothing to write home about but it was OK.  A little dry.  What was a little off-putting is that I heard her microwaving food (there wasn't anyone else in there but me so it was for my order) so part, if not all, of my meal was microwaved.Can't say I would make the stop here again, too many really great Mexican places in the east valley.
4	Pretty much like any other Mom and Pop restaurants, good food and good service.  This place is special though, because it is literally ran by the family (well every time I went anyways).  They have a framed picture of them with their food handlers card right next to the register.  Other Mom and Pop places I been to have hired folks outside there family. The food is good, but the size portions of some of the foods could be bigger.  For example, I got the Carne Asada fries. (Favorite for any Mexican place)  While the beef was some of the best I've tasted,  the amount of meat they added was a bit of a downer.  The fries and everything else was perfect.  Now I don't hate the place, I would visit every day if I could.The atmosphere is what you would expect for a place like this.  It is in a bad spot too just like Los Favoritos  (same plaza, good food too).  I wish these businesses wouldn't hide themselves like that, but maybe thats a good thing.  If it becomes more mainstream, that means prices go up and food quality goes down.  Look at Filibertos.
5	I came into this eatery with an empty stomach and a high standard for Mexican food. Between growing up in the southwest and being Mexican American, I've had my fair shareof Mexican food within the last 35 years and can honestly say that this place is the "real deal." I'd much rather spend a night eating tasty yet inexpensive food versus going to a place like macayos, where the food is overpriced and far from homestyle. For a quick & guilty pleasure, treat your taste buds to Christina's.
1	I'm not sure what happened when my husband & I ate here, but it was the worst food we've ever had at a Mexican spot. I'm really confused by all of the great reviews, I consider myself a total fan of mexican food, my Hubby actually calls me his ''White mexican''. The food was very small portioned, flavorless, and I couldn't even finish his taquitos & I was still hungry. We paid $4.50 for the ''special'', and got 2 TINY dry taquitos. No lettuce, guac, or anything to go with them. I don't know, maybe we went there on their worst day. Won't be going back though, and I'm in that shopping center all the time.
5	Completely LOVE THEM!They are my favorite Mexican food in east mesa! Its a small family owned place so the hospitality is REAL!Nachos, Tacos, Burritos. . .  ALL AMAZING!!! yummmmm :)
3	The service is very friendly.  I ordered a chicken flautas, chicken taco hard shell and cheese enchiladas.   The taco is American style, lettuce cheese and tomato.  I prefer a good street taco instead.  The chicken was a red baby food mush that tasted more like BBQ chicken and it was microwaved.  The cheese enchilada is also microwaved.   The flautas tasted freezer burned and was topped with cheese only so I ordered a side of guacamole which seemed homemade.    I added salt to everything but that may have just been my preference.   The price was cheap, but not a place I would visit again, there are too many other great Mexican restaurants in the valley.
5	Christina's oh how I've missed you! I moved to Goodyear 2 years ago and have not found a mom and pop Mexican place like Christina's. I'm in Mesa today for a party and just had to stop in. Love this little "hole in the wall" place! Good food! Great service from a hard working family.
5	Food is excellent and the service is great.  One of our favorite little places to go to.
4	Searched Yelp for a Taco Tuesday and found Christina's.  $1.25 for a taco and very tasty.  Ordered 4 shredded beef tacos and a soda for $6.50.  Absolutely great red salsa, the green was heavy garlic but the red hit all the right buttons.  Chips brought out as a first made this place a step above a hole in the wall at great value.  I'll be back
5	I kept passing by this place when i'd go to Safeway and i finally decided to give it a try on wednesday. It was a wonderful decision, i ordered a carne asada burrito to go and it was pure perfection. The guac and salsa inside are real chunky guac not that watered down version of guac. The meat was tasty, the tortilla smelled amazing and tasted even better. Coming from someone who grew up 30 minutes from the Mexican border it makes me super happy to find hidden gem of REAL AUTHENTIC Mexican food! I absolutely have become addicted to this place, i just finished my burrito, second time in this week. Its that good. I cant wait to try more of their food.
5	Love this little family owned place, great service and good food and value. Support the small guy!
4	Moved to Mesa 4 years ago. Just ate here for the 1st time today. Wish we had found this place sooner.  The carne asada was really good - tender and we'll seasoned. My husband had a machaca and egg burrito which he said was delicious. The dining area wasn't dazzling but the tables and the floor were clean. The kitchen looked clean as well. The service was fast and friendly. Paid less than $20 for a whole bunch of food. Would eat here weekly if it was closer to our place. The owner said they have been in business for 10 years. That's saying something for a "hole-in-the-wall" type of joint.
4	I guess you could say that service beats what the food actually tastes like to me. The food wasn't awesome in my opinion that other Yelpers have you suggest, but then again I've only had it once but will definitely try it again.Walked in and was kind of taken aback at first. Its set up like Los Taquitos over in Ahwatukee: shotgun straight to the back where you order food, with sets of tables on either side. There's a bathroom, too. It didn't seem inviting but it works. You can either read a menu or they have pictures on the wall of everything you could order.Its the owner who took our order and he was very friendly and professional. We sat down later and he brought us our drinks with chips and salsa. The salsa is on a little on the spicy side. Our food soon came and they're decent portions. He would frequently check up on us to make sure everything was ok.One interesting thing was that an elderly lady and a little girl came in and just sat down. They didn't order anything. The owner asked them if they were ok and they said they were just waiting. A couple minutes later he brings them chips and salsa too. I felt that was nice of him even though they hadn't ordered anything (or hadn't yet at least).This, for me, is another one of those places where I might go back if I happen to be there. I do recommend it to at least try once. I saw that they have pazole which I'll have to try some time.
1	As much as I tried to like this place, it was not good at all. The carne asada burrito was small, dry and salty. The side order of guacamole was an embarrassment due to the miniscule size.All the prices on the menu have been changed (higher cost).$6.99 and up for a breakfast burrito?The 5 star reviews for similar items as I ordered are unreliable.
4	I got the Sopes and they were delicious! All the things I want from a Mexican food place, good rice, fresh lettuce and tomatoes and yummy salsa!
5	My daughters and I stopped in here on a whim one afternoon and fell in love. This tiny, hole in the wall joint is truly a gem. We've made it our #1 stop for delicious Mexican food and find it hard to go anywhere else! The family that owns (and operates) this tiny, tasty restaurant are always super friendly and treat their customers like family. Best horchata EVERRR!
2	Been wanting to try for a while. Stopped in for lunch. Got an Arizona burrito. Took 10 minutes to make. Home made tortilla. Small and bland. Not worth going there again.
