3	I'm not gonna say this place was fantastic, but when you've got barely legal girls (aka the staff) in Daisy Dukes trying to show off their Coyote Ugly sass, it's hard not to have a little fun with it! It's the sort of bar where you want to be drunk, or come arrived in that fashion. It's a concept bar, but that's seems to be the style here in Old Town, but for my money it's not a bad attempt at that real hootin' and hollerin' experience. I'm not sure if Hank Williams Jr. would approve, but after a few whiskeys, it gets both easier to rock and to roll. I hear they open at 6am daily, and if that's a fact, well that's worth another star...
4	I was here the other weekend and would highly recommend it. It is basically the same layout as the old bar that was there (DrinX) but is a much trendier spot now.The drinks are reasonably priced for Scottsdale and they play good music. Its usually crowded so its not a place to dance, but similar to Coyote Ugly, the bartenders get on the bar but instead of a routine on the bar, they dance on poles.If you're able to find a seat or booth claim it and keep it. Despite the crowd I don't usually see a long line (and if there is it moves fast).
4	Damn, those bartenders are HOT!I'd rather come here than a strip club. The chicks are hotter (fitter) & I don't have to watch anyone get naked. I like that wide eyed innocent cowgirl look. These girls aren't haggard or look like they've just seen too much.Too bad this bar's in Tempe. Guys will chat you up & ask for your # but won't buy you a drink. Douchebaggery!Oh, & if you stand up off your stool to pick something up some bleach blonde bimbo bitch in heels might try to steal it literally out from under you. I'm not talking about how you walked away from your stool & then someone else fairly claimed it. I mean you're still leaning over it about to sit back down. Gotta love those spoiled snobs that think they're entitled!
3	The standard cowgirls-dancing-on-the-bar bar -- only it's in Scottsdale, so the cowgirls are a bit hotter than most places.
4	Very interesting concept, even on a sunday night the place was quite busy.  The bartenders are hot and all have a great attitude.  The bouncers are not pushy at the door.  Didn't need to pay cover, but it was a sunday, so i am not sure if they do take cover during fridays or saturdays.  Over all i liked the atmospher and the crowd that was in there.
4	Shotgun Betty's rocks. I've been there twice and had fun both times. The first was during our 80's Bar Crawl and the second during my Jungle Mania Birthday Prowl. We weren't charged a cover either nights. The very, very young wait staff and bartenders take turns dancing on the bar. I prefer the bartenders at the Dirty Dogg Saloon because they are older and more skilled, but I had a good time at Shotgun Betty's regardless of the bartenders young age and lack of dancing skills.The music is great (rock and country rock) and the age of the crowd varies. I will definitely return.
4	I had a damn good time here thanks to the weird-ass people that frequent this bar.People-watching FTW! hell yeah!So, you hear "rock and roll biker bar", "girls dancing on poles" and "coyote ugly-style bar" and you're like TAKE ME RIGHT NOW, right?Well, it had that..... it also had 99% male crowd. The 1% leftover was composed of the other 2 girls that I saw there, me, and the female staff/bar dancers/bartenders. Theres nothing creeper than 40 year-old men at the bar, by themselves, dancing while the oogle the girls while they hold (no, theyre not climbing, just holding) the pole.The main entertainment of the night was composed of 3 people right in front of me: a dude (not attractive, but no uglo either) was getting his face eaten by this girl (who we see later, shes so effing drunk that her eyes are barely open)  while he feels her up real good. We THEN see the drunk girl her grab the dude's head and PUSHES it towards girl #2 (not as drunk) to make THEM make out. Drunky girl then procedes to makeout with girl #2 while the dude watches them. This went  on for about 2-3 hours to which point everyone around me though this dude was their freaking hero.Had these 3 people not been at this bar, I probably would have given it 1 star. So, Shotgun betty's, your ass was saved by the soon-to-be threesome trio that provided us with hours of dirty entertainment.I know. I'm such a clasy lady. :p
4	I was always a fan of the bar that was here previously - "DrinX", however it never really quite took off...They have done a tremendous job converting this into Shotgun Betty's. We visited last night, and for a Tuesday night the place was fairly busy after 9pm. Expect friendly staff, good drinks, and great tunes. I have driven by here on the weekends and it is seriously over packed! Follow my lead and try this gem late on a school night.
4	Went here once after work. It wasn't quite yet poppin, but I knew if I stayed long enough it would be. They play some good country tunes here.
1	Dear Yelp. Let me count how many ways this place sucks. First, I decided to buy a round of shots. I know we're in Scottsdale so I'm no dummy but $75 for 8 shots? Give me a break. Second, one of the girls we were with opened a tab and was told that her card wasn't there when she tried to close at the end of the night. Being sure that her card was behind the bar she asked a couple more times and got chastised by the friendly bartenders. Before canceling her credit card she tried just one more time the next day and guess what...they had the card and were nice enough to take the liberty of closing it out with a 25% tip. How thoughtful. Let's not forget the mother of them all. Me and a buddy are literally just standing outside and out of nowhere falls a ladder hitting not only he and I but also cracking another girl right in the head. They handled it like pros though trying to stuff her teary face into a cab to get her out of there. 100 feet from Mulligans...go there instead.
1	So...there are dive bars and there are trashy bars. This one was the latter. First off, I will preface that I was probably too old for this bar...I will fully admit that. A friend and I were in the area tonight and decided we wanted to have a quick drink so we could chit chat. We saw Betty's and thought "Its open and it looks pretty quiet" so we stopped in.The place was cutesy I guess and could be fun on a busy weekend night, but when its empty it just sort of looks sad.The waitress approached our table quickly, but as she was taking our order she was lifting up the hem of her belly shirt and was scratching. Nice...classy...I ordered a rum and diet coke. The coke was flat and I'm pretty sure the rum came from a plastic bottle. All for $7. Awesome. Well worth the money. For $7 I could have bought the same bottle of rum and a 2 liter of diet coke AND it would have had the fizz...My friend asked for a glass of wine, which she should have known better, lol. Our waitress looked confused and had NO clue what kind of wine there was. There's a white one "I think... chardonnay?" Oh dear lord. And yeah, you guessed it $7 for something that could have possibly been a Chardonnay. But you know, like, wine is for old people, for sure.So anyway, we sort of finish our drinks and decide to head out. We tried to flag down the waitress to pay our tab, but that was next to impossible. She was after all dealing with some "crazy-ass customers." Her words, not mine.So she comes over and looks at our card and says, "Oh we have a minimum of a $20 order to use a card. There is an ATM over there." Oh for pete's sakes. My friend just looks at her and says "I'm sure there is someone you can ask to see if we could just run the card this one time." Sure enough there was, so we did. You get a star for that.So then we try to sign the bill and the pen doesn't work. I take the pen to the bar (our waitress was busy with the "crazy-ass customers" again) and I swear to God the bartender tested the pen as if I was lying about it. Just hand me a new pen honey.Visiting this bar was like one giant joke. Pretty sure its not my scene, so no worries of ever going back.
2	Uhm. Shotgun Betty's. Okay...Ive come to Shotgun Bettys a few times...never really out of volition but more like "Hey we have to go get so-and-so from Shotguns". Low and behold, "so-and-so" is always male. Its definately a guy's place, but not because there are dancers on poles. No, no. Ive been to many strip clubs and felt welcome there as a woman because the servers are nice regardless if you are male or female, and they know that money is money whether it comes from a male or a female customer. These girls do not like female customers. Salty looks, snide comments, and waiting insanely long for what would be a simple vodka soda. However, if you are with a guy, your wait time is expedited exponentially. So yeah, I guess the only time I will be going back there is with a guy because otherwise its just not a good customer experience. Oh...and the $20 minimum thing was just weird. Who does that?
1	COMPLETE RIP OFF AND TOTAL THIEVES!!!!!! DO NOT GO THERE IF YOU DON'T WANT YOUR MONEY STOLEN. They overcharged me $75 for drinks I NEVER ordered!!!! When I realized the mistake the next day, and I went back the next day and the day after that to talk to the bar manager, she was not available. I left my phone number and they NEVER CALLED ME. They basically said if I paid for the bill that night, then I officially acknowledged the bill and it was not their fault they overcharged me for drinks that I never ordered, because they don't know me, so how can they trust me... WTF???? Don't their computers have records??? I will never go there ever again... and don't recommend you do, either!!!!
3	You know what's good about this place? The uncanny ability of the waitress/dancers to recognize a businessman with international guests and an expense account from a distance. From the moment I walked in I was escorted on a whirlwind by Brittany, our lovely hostess. She not only turned on the charm for me, but also did her best to make my foreign visitors feel at ease, and feel that they were finally in A-MEER-i-ca, home of lithesome female dancers in daisy dukes and cut-off t's who also bring beer in a timely fashion AND pose for photos for the folks back home.As the night wore on it became more and more apparent that this place is what is commonly referred to as a "Sausage Fest" or in Spanish, "Fiesta de Salchichas". I think there were--conservatively--5 guys for every girl among the customers. Those were some well-attended females, let me tell you. Maybe a little TOO well attended, but then . . . you know . . . it's basically what they used to call a go-go bar. Ladies, if you don't want be around guys who act like the sort of beer-swilling oafs who go to . . .well . . go-go bars, then please stay away. I started getting piggy myself, I noticed. It's just the spirit of the place.I rate this place above Hooters for a couple of reasons: First, they don't pretend to serve food--well, except for peanuts. Second, the waitress/dancers are actually attractive and do more than just shovel shit food out of the kitchen while trying to disguise their muffin-tops: They DANCE. Some of them are masters of the pole. "Pole-Meisters" I think they are called in Germany. The skills of a woman who can actually do acrobatics on a brass pole are not only lasciviously interesting, but athletically admirable.So yeah, the music is too loud. The steroid-chugging semi-gay-looking guys standing around looking for a woman worthy of  their perfed pecs are Scottsdale standard issue, as are the tarted-up bar chicks. The drinks are expensive and nothing special. But you know . . . for what it is. . . it just kinda works.
3	Not going to lie, the cute waitresses rock out in super duper short mini denim shorts while shimmying on poles.  the music is good, the crowd is definately mixed.  Fun for a mixed group (i.e. boys and girls, but not the super conservative types)  bring a couple od dollar bills for the girls and their garters!
5	Girls dancing on the bar in daisy dukes, cowboy boots and hats, and oh-so-coyote ugly fashioned choreographed line dances on the bar? Sounds like a good time. Its a fun dive bar with a little extra something. Oh, and the only place in Old Town Scottsdale where you can escape top 40 and techno music.
4	I will say, now that I have been back to Shotgun Betty's a few times and gotten to know the crowd/staff I am a fan. I still don't swing by Betty's much at night, but it has become a favorite for a bloody mary or a margarita during the day. Also, I enjoy the music selection during the day versus night.
1	I would give this place a 0 but It is not an option.I arrive with 5 other of my friends on motorcycles, wearing our usual garb. Yes we have motorcycle vest's with out club patch on it. We ask a waitress before we park if we can enter wearing our vests and club patch. We are told yes, before we jump back on the bikes we see other "bikers" in wearing vest's with patches. "Black Label Society", "HOG" , etc.. We pay to park our bikes and when we arrive the door man says we can not wear our vests even though other people are there wearing their vests and patches..  Long story short; this place welcomes "fake bikers" and not real ones. Discrimination at its best.
4	Decent bar, friendly staff, and I didn't have a wait to get in. I have no idea what kind of place this is - I never saw anyone getting into brawls or dancing on a bar - but I also went pretty early in the night. I just know that it's not a club club (with rave lights or whatever the hell goes on in a club) and it's not some pretentious upscale bar in Scottsdale. Pretty legit and I'd go there again as long as it wasn't busy.
2	LOUD, scantly clad girls dancing on poles in the back (doesn't bother me but causes the crowd to be comprised of the next complaint), gross, drunk old men drooling underneath the dancing girls, impossible to get a drink on a busy night, and if you do manage to get a drink it will be promptly spilled everywhere as ten people try to get a spot at the bar.  The best time I've ever had at the bar is LEAVING.
1	Fuck this place!!I Country and Rock 'n Roll music that is old and over-played is not my style. The place is rather small and when it gets crowded, it sucks. The worst thing about it is that if you are a pretty girl, the waitresses/bartenders are INCREDIBLY RUDE to you and will act rude every chance they get. If they get your overly-priced drink wrong and you tell them about it, they get pissed. It might as well be called Bitchface Betty's. I won't be going back, ever.
2	THE GOOD: The waitresses were very friendly. I'm a 27 year old woman and I never felt that I was being treated poorly. I went on a Thursday night and it was pretty busy, so I'm sure it gets nuts on Fridays and Saturdays. No one mentioned the $20 minimum charge on a debit card to me, but I got a little worried when I went up to pay my tab because I noticed a sign behind the bar. The bartender didn't seem to mind (I closed out my tab after 1 drink at first, and I ended up buying another later, which I also closed out right away). There were no issues. They play pretty good music and I like the "dive bar" atmosphere. Let's not fool ourselves - this place isn't claiming to be a classy joint. The bar is shooting for "sleazy, western, dive" and it does it well.THE BAD: The drinks are over priced. $6 for a rail vodka tonic? That's just stupid. THE UGLY: THIS ISN'T COYOTE UGLY!!! The girls are basically strippers: Dead eyes, expressionless faces, staring at the ceiling, chewing gum and humping poles while yucky old men stare up their shorts and stick dollars in their garters. Yes they're beautiful girls and some of them are good pole dancers - but it's pretty obvious they're not having a good time. They're not smiling, laughing and dancing creatively to a specific song. They repeat the same, tired pole dance to whatever song that happens to be playing and it's in no way original or compelling. It's not fun - it's sad and sexist and I had the same disturbed feeling I get when I'm in a strip club.
3	Weird vibe. Thursday night, and was busy. Staff was avg. All the girls who don't give a f work here, which gives a cool, nobody is better attitude. Place was a cool vibe, and a strip show without the clothes coming off. Bring some 1's. Great patio.......
3	Definitely a guy's bar.  Lot's of hot waitresses dancing on stripper poles.  Cheap beer and loud music.I've actually always had really good service though not always prompt as your girl may be on the bar.  Take it for the spectacle that it is and keep moving.  There is enough self promotion on the outside of the bar to tell whether you will like the bar or not.
5	So yeah visited a buddy in Scottsdale and stopped into Shotgun Betty's for a few suds, great atmosphere I almost felt like it was a movie setting, drink specials and reasonable beverage prices!  It is a tad bit gimmicky but the music kicks ass and the staff is very friendly and ridiculously hot!!!  We had a good time and will stop in next time I'm in town for sure.
4	Perfect example of sexy meets trashy laid out in a country/rock dive in the heart of Old Town. Indeed very reminiscent of Coyote-Ugly. Lots of hot skinny chicks showing lots of skin shaking it on a bar and poles, no wonder this place is jam-packed with men of all ages. I like the place and all, but hey, owners- if your reading this- how about some eye candy for the ladies? Because that picture of Naked Burt Reynolds in the restroom just isn't cutting it!
4	Nice change of pace from many of the other bars in the area.  A fun rock bar with some scantily clad bartenders
1	Worst bar I've ever been to. I was here for a bachelorette party and I think it would have been more pleasant in a sewer. The bartenders are rude, the people are unattractive and dancers have a nasty attitude. Also,  the toilets in the girls bathroom were overflowing for the 40 minutes we were there. No one turned off the water valve on the back of the toilet. Some creeper guy just kept mopping up the continuous flow of sewage.
3	I have to admit Shotgun Betty's boasts a decent selection of music/music videos, especially on Metal Thursdays... but let's face it... located in old town scottsdale, surrounded by bars like Martini Ranch, Revolver, etc.... you're gonna find the same old Scottsdale crowd. And we all know what that means. Fist pumpin, dubstep lovin, tapout wearin dbags. If you're like me however, you can look past all that, and truly appreciate this bar for what it is. A rock bar.
1	Stopped by last night and was not impressed. Right off the bat one of the girls working here told my friends that she wanted his balls in her mouth and she wasn't joking. I was disgusted by her behavior. After that  we met a guy on the patio who found a puppy in the bar and was trying to comfort the dog because it was scared of all the people and loud music. Later on that evening a bouncer told me that the dog belonged to the owner of Shotgun Betty's and was looking for the guy who was holding the puppy. I told him that the guy who had the puppy was concerned for its well being because he heard someone was making the dog lick drugs in the bathroom. I couldn't believe the owner would bring a puppy to the bar and leave it unattended. I do not feel comfortable supporting someone who treats animals that way so I won't be back.
3	It's not your typical Scottsdale bar which is perhaps what makes it fun. The music selection is loud and alternative and the waitresses double as go-go dancers so it's definitely a light-hearted, fun atmosphere. Leave the pretention outside the doors of this place and get ready to have some good old fashioned fun!
2	I've been to Shotgun Betty's a few times now and I have to say, it ain't my favorite bar in town where the bartenders shake their asses on stage. Sleazy? Check. Dirty? Check. Rock n' Roll? Check. Hot bartenders? Hmm, not so much. Now maybe it was an off night last time I was there, but it was a packed house on a Saturday around 11pm. Isn't that the time you wanna have your Shotgun Betty's all stars up there entertaining the crowd? I'd think so. You'd think this was the Tuesday night help. Now I don't mind a dirty dive bar, in fact I love 'em, but every time I go here it seems the staff isn't cleaning up a single thing. The tables and floor are always littered with trash and spilled drinks. Maybe that's the look and feel they're going for, but let's be real, this is Old Town Scottsdale where you have a tough time pulling it off.Looking for a bar like this? I recommend traveling a little farther north to Shea and Scottsdale for the Dirty Dogg.
1	Ok, so let me start off with the fact that this bar is just like any other bar in terms of drinks (although I view them as pretty weak for the price, but this is Scottsdale.)Upon walking into this bar, it looks pretty promising.  However, after standing at the bar for approximately 10 minutes, we figured out the only way to get the two waitresses, who were apparently attached at the hip, was to move to the other side of the bar in their direct line of view.  Once we finally got our two drinks for 15.00, we found them to be pretty weak for such a pricey drink.Later we found that they don't accept plastic forms of payment unless your charge is above 20$.  This wouldn't have been a problem had they told us prior so we could've kept a tab.  Instead we made a purchase at the bar that had totaled 17$ and later tried to get an additional drink and after it was made, was told we needed to spend 20$ before we could use a card to pay for it.  The service is pretty much nonexistent.  The servers are more concerned with making money via dancing.  I understand that it was a Tuesday night and that it isn't as busy as a Friday would be, but being a server in the past, I also understand that when you have customers (other than the occasional leerer) if you treat them right they will tend to tip more than the dollar you would have earned, tucked in your pants for the pole dance.Also, as we were leaving, we did hear (from our car across the street) the bouncer loudly say "we're closed!  Pay up!" at 0202.  Really?  Hmmm...  Won't be wasting my money on this place anymore when there are PLENTY of other excellent bar options within walking distance.
4	This place is a hoot!  The energy was high and a little on the wild side.  The bartenders were super hot and danced on the bar in random shifts.I imagine it might get a little wild at times and I can understand some of the negative reviews but if you enter prepared for the controlled chaos it can be very fun!
2	Place wasn't bad. It's okay. I've been a few times and wasn't too thrilled with the service. The drinks weren't anything special, it's just like any other bar. Based on the times I've been, the place looks packed and super fun, but I think it's just because their patio is in the front and that's where the smokers are. I dig the music, not really the people and I love my bars and clubs and Old Town but if I want a good bar with good service and people, I'd probably go next door to DJs or Giligan's or the Old Town Tavern or to the Rusty Spur and that list could go on.
4	Betty's is all about the ambience. It's a biker dive with hot, tatt'd-up waitresses dancing on the bar, paying homage to classic rock and eclectic decor that resonates the same theme. I go here because you can let your hair down after shoving through the crowds at the old town nightclubs. Great patio and this place is literally always open. I walked past it going into work at 6am one day and some guy was drinking breakfast out front. Love it!It might not be the type of place where you stick around for a long time, but it can be a great start for your night or a pause along a crawl to different bars.Go here in the afternoons around happy hour and they have a buffet of greasy appetizers: buffalo wings, mozzeralla sticks, etc. Sometimes they even bring out full pizzas.
4	I had a good time and that's all there is to it. If you expect it to be a little cheesy, you'll be fine. Went with my buddies who are big 70s/80s metal fans (yes, I'm including hair metal in that). It looks like a country/biker bar, but does mostly the 80s hair metal for music. We had a great ol' time rocking out to all the Poison, Def Leppard, Warrant, etc. The girls on the bartop poles were lovely to watch, though a few seemed off in their own world, not caring too much about the crowd or entertaining... there were a couple (a brunette in all black and a caramely-brown haired girl in a red top) that were smokin' hot and killing it on the poles though.The place was absolutely PACKED on a Saturday around 11pm. Restrooms were clean, beers were a bit pricey (I think $5 for a bottle of Bud), but it was a good time and I'll be back.
5	Cheap drinks and hot women. What more could you ask for??
1	Do not ever go here. They do not care about service, they only care about getting shutdown. AVOID!!!!!
4	Servers in daisy dukes dancing on stages, everything from classic to modern rock playing, what more can you ask for?
1	Not a biker bar. A "Scottsdale biker" bar. You can't wear your cut inside. It was pretty stupid. Hot chics workin there though. But you just wanna walk around smashing douche bags in the face.
3	It's like a country bar that plays nothing but old school metal. And while I'm about 20 years too young to appreciate "Judas Priest" (whoever that is), it sets the mood for the no-nonsense approach to drinking that Shotgun Betty's inspires. Jager, Patron, Jack Daniels, all while having a great time out on the patio. Shots were reasonably priced...well, depending on who was serving me. Why did it change every five minutes? Either way, the loud, rowdy environment was fun for about an hour.Until you realize it's a crowd of thirtysomething guys in business casual clothing gawking at some college freshman attempting to pole dance. I won't put too much weight on the square clientele, but I feel obligated to return with lots of women just to balance things out. Staff doesn't waste time being pretentious, and they totally support Movember with a "Gentleman's Night" for guys who wanna rock the stash. Will I be back? Probably. But it's not at the top of my list.
4	i like it its kinda different. it def has the scottsdale theme of expensive drinks and girls half naked. however, i like it b/c it usually has good music and its kinda edgier. some of the guys are pigs that hang out there tho. the bathroom you are encourage to write on the wall which is kinda cool. it also has a breathalizer game and computer bar games at all the booths like picture hunt
4	These place is turning into my usual night spot. Besides the fact that there's no cover, or that they play old rock, and 90's stuff or that they have good looking girls behind the bar. Its got a really good feel to it.. like a dive bar meets the fancy popped collar part of scottsdale.. and lets be honest, its a breath of fresh air really. Who whats to be fancy all the time anyways!?
4	Betty's is a great place to hang out, listen to a mix of hard rock and country all while enjoying an ice cold beer.    Pretty bartenders rotate turns dancing on the poles located on either side of the bar.  I went there 3 years ago while in Scottsdale for Spring training. and had a terrific time! Just returned last week and it was as awesome as I remember. It can get pretty crowded in there, which is the reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5, but the atmosphere is fun and so is the staff. People complained here about the quality of the drinks. i cannot attest to that since I drank beer and shots. All I can say was that my friends and I received prompt service, the beer was cold and they had numerous shot specials throughout the night: $5 Fireball shots, $4 Washington Apples & $5 Jack Daniels were just a few of them. If you are looking for a fancy cocktail, you probably should go somewhere else. I don't say that in a negative way. All you have to do is look at Betty's and see that this place is all about having a down & dirty good time, which I love!   I will be back.
2	I really don't care for this bar much at all. Its more of your divey laid back chill bar, then any of the "club" bars around Old Town. The reason I dislike this bar is the customer service. The girls that work here are so wrapped up in trying to milk tips that they really don't care to give you what you come there for, A DRINK! Each time I am here my friends and I have to literally WAVE down a bartender because they are either too busy talking to each other, singing while fixing their hair or make up, or in their own world no paying attention. The girls that serve drinks from outside the bar take forever to get your drink order to you and have always been quite rude. On weekends the place is so packed you literally walk from the entrance 2 steps in and you are shoulder to shoulder with everyone. Making it impossible to get to the bar, the bathroom, or even back outside once you have made it inside. I think it is packed like this because usually the bar has no line. So people who just want to drink and not stand in line for any of the other good bars, just default into coming here because they don't have to wait in line.Unlike some of the other bars in Old Town this place doesn't have a dress code. A lot of people who come out don't realize that the surrounding bars have such a strict dress code. So if you find yourself not clean cut enough to make it into any of the other bars, all the tom, dick and harrys come here..... (ladies what does that tell you)Now lets talk about the drinks! Ladies lets get it together....... Learn how to pour your drinks. Each time I come here the mixed drinks are horrible! If I order a bottle or a can BAM your set in 2 seconds, but if the bartenders actually have to put some effort into making a mixed drink, its like its rocket science. It takes them twice as long, I get something I didn't ask for, they used the wrong alcohol, or it just doesn't taste good. The music they play is usually rock, which is a nice change from all the bars around it; they have a few TV's playing the music videos but nothing really spectacular. If you find yourself in Old Town and just want a chill place to go to this is your place. Honestly I rather go to any of the other bars over this one, for better drinks and better customer service.
4	This place was a lot of fun! The staff is fun friendly and sexy, the drinks aren't too expensive, and the music is great. The downside is there isn't much space and it gets crowded fast. If you get claustrophobic, do not even bother, you'll probably have a heart attach.
4	Scottsdale. Rock. Stripper poles. Alright...This place kind of drops the whole Snobsdale vodka-cran crowd and introuduces the rockabilly crowd. Gimme a shot of straight Jager or Patron wouldn't be too odd here. Not a bad place for a change, and girls... you can probably leave your heels at home and not feel out of place. In fact, put on some boots... you'll fit right in.Normally the waitresses take turns getting on the poles and dancing... and making money... if they are good. Most are OK, not that I'm an expert on pole dancing... I have seen one that was an expert and I think everyone knew it too as they were popping 20s into her panties and garter.Drinks are pretty good
4	I am a big fan of this place.  A must stop spot when out on the town in Scottsdale.  It's not for the faint of heart however.  If you like Harley Davidson, girls in scantily clad clothing, pole dancing, and beer, you will LOVE this place.  Rock & Roll heaven right here.  If you are not a fan of those sorts of themes, Shotgun Betty's will definitely make you feel uncomfortable.  Drink specials are nothing unique, but the few beers that I got were absolutely ginormous for the price, so that is always good.  The only downside is that this is a relatively small bar.  It can get jam packed very quickly especially on a Saturday night.
3	Cool place to hangout! If your into the whole stripper pole thing this place is right up your alley. Staff is semi friendly and it feels more like a local place than a tourist trap which is a benefit in my opinion. Drink prices are actually not bad and there is a good variety. Older men seem to really enjoy this place but it had a good balance of all ages.
4	Arizona's okay. Arizona when drunk is awesome.When coming to Shotgun Betty's, your perspective will probably be influenced greatly by your expectations and also your gender. And, the time of day you visit.If you're a guy and you just want to get drunk at a bar (and don't want to get dressed up to do it), Shotgun Betty's will satisfy your cravings both for liquor and eye candy.The girls who work here are pretty much all 9s and 10s in a porn video sort of way (I mean that as a compliment), and they are all friendly enough, especially if you have a roll of dollar bills.If you hand out fives and tens you might earn a nice, Cointreau-flavored kiss, depending on the girl.It's crowded because it's such a low-pressure bar and they let in everyone. The drinks suck, but it's a dive and the girls have a "but I'm pretty" excuse going for them.A huge percentage of the patrons will be total dirtbags and creeps, but what do you expect when the girls gyrate on stripper poles and there's no cover charge to get in.If you're a girl coming to this bar, you'll be in the minority because most of the patrons are boozed up men, whose attention will be given to the hottie dancing on the bar in her Daisy Dukes and cowboy boots. If you come in for a boozer-nooner, and enjoy a meal at the bar, you'll find that the girls who work here are not mindless airheads. Not that they're going to work on the space station sometime in the future, but they're really cool.Mixed drinks are much better during the day because there's not such a huge crowd, it's light outside, and the girls probably have more time to gin the tonics and coke the rums.The music is mostly rock and roll, with bits of metal and country thrown in for good measure. Such a soundtrack always bangs, but after your fifth Jaeger bomb it's positively orgasmic.So, when you come back to your real town, and your friends say, "Hey man, what did you do this weekend?" And you reply, "Went to Arizona," and they come back with, "Oh, sorry..."--you can hit them with, "Yeah I went to Scottsdale.""Did you go to Shotgun Betty's?""That's why I went to Scottsdale."*fist bump*
4	This place will always have a special place in my heart. That's kind of a funny thing to say about a place like this. Shotgun Betty's is a biker/dive bar setting with pole dancing and hard rock playing usually. The reason I love it so much is because I worked right next to it in the Galleria center and when we first started, my training class and I would come here every Friday after work to bitch to each other and get drunk. Back then, they ALWAYS had a free buffet on fridays that would have some pizza, wings and stuff like that. They also have peanuts in a barrel and you can throw the shells on the floor. Personally I'm always a fan of free food. On top of that, this place almost never closes. I would be walking into the office at 6:30 am and there would be people having a cold one. This place is a great change from a lot of the Old Town Scottsdale scene. If you don't live to go clubbing, swing by this place on a weekend night, you might be surprised.
3	It wasn't what I was expecting. I had a good time, but only stayed for one round. Prices aren't terrible, but there is no way at all to move around inside. If you want to be able to hear the people you're with, you have to go outside. A confusing mix of country music and crappy pop rock. It wouldn't be a place I'd go back to, but it wasn't terrible.
4	Fun place & very attractive waitresses.
1	As my legal drinking years rack up each birthday, I get less and less patient with the Old Town scene, and Shotgun Bettys is now off the list.First off, this place is so crowded you can't move. It makes it kinda tough to enjoy, and even tougher to get a drink - you have to push your way between the ogling dudes at the front who are not giving up their primo seats for anything.The roving waitresses are extremely annoying - they have no sections obviously, so you get asked every 5 minutes if you need something, even if you're sitting there with nearly full drinks.The bartenders have been uber bitchy the last several times; yes we know, you're hot enough to work here, but you're still just a bartender in the service industry. Drop the act. One of my lady friends ordered Grateful Deads, and was handed 2 shots. What the???  Upon correcting the bartender that they were actual drinks, she got such a horrible look that she refused to go back to the bar... oh, and also received 2 undrinkable drinks. Seriously, these were terrible. My Long Island at $8 was just as bad - literally tasted like rubbing alcohol. I had to order a Coke to chase swallows of it with.Curious as to WHY our drinks were so awful, I squeezed up to the bar to see what liquor they used. Good luck would have it that the dude next to me also ordered a Long Island, and I found out why it tasted like rubbing alcohol - for your $8 drink, you get it made with Montezuma tequila and Barton's gin. Oh, and not shaken, just layered on with maybe 1/4" Coke on top.  ... FFS, that is disgusting. My bartender friends would be horrified. They need to hire some girls that actually know how to mix a drink.For the final act, I got stared down as I signed my tab - I don't know if she was afraid I was gonna steal her precious pen, or she was trying to intimidate me into a bigger tip, but it was awkward.
4	I was only here for a short pits stop of the night, not enough for a real review.. but when I see that they apparently hires veterans and have girls dancing on poles - I have to like it. So, I made up my mind to come back here and fully put this place to test. Right now I deem it an interrim 4 star due to the atmoshepe that was enjoyable.  Next time I will try all they got.
4	Everything a dive bar should be. Love it.
3	I like warming up at Shotgun Betty's. They play rock like Guns and Roses, AC DC and Rage. Interesting crowd of Jesse James wanabes and rocker type motorcycle thugs. Good place to people watch. Other than that nothing really outstanding to say about the place. I will go back for some eye openers before hitting other venues in the area.
4	For some reason, I like this place.  They play some good throwback rock n roll   Located in a prime spot in the party district of Scottsdale. Good beer, good music, good location - life is good.  Happy hour specials are somewhat meager
3	I have been to shotgun betty's a few times over the years and there is always something about it that makes me want to come back.  I'm not into women, but the girls here are good looking and wear very little.  They also take turns dancing on the poles while grotesque old perverted men slip dollars into their garters; I couldn't deal with that, so kudos ladies!  Service is kind of hit or miss, as I've had both friendly and bitchy experiences with the staff.  Bottom line is that the music here is generally pretty great and the atmosphere is always lively.  This place is also great for single women since there are tons of men that flock here to watch half naked dancers.
2	Went for one beer on a fight night. Bad idea! It was too crowded, too hard to score drinks, and the waitresses were grumpy even to my guy friends I went with. Two stars for the music, and the bathroom being pretty cool. But there are better places to go.
5	Started our night with a short stop here. Hired help was fun to interact with, crowd was laid back, and the music got us ready for a great night! Bartenders were great, the gorgeous Isis supplied our perfectly made AMF's to start a night that ended with missing keys, phone, and CC's! Well done!
1	I came here for the first time over the weekend. I have been to several bars/lounges/clubs as my drinking years go on. However when I went to Shotgun Betty's for the first time ever I was asked by security if I had another form of ID other than my drivers license. I have never been refused entry for not having 2 forms of ID. After this experience I will not be returning
4	All depends on when you go, they have a great staff, but they can get overwhelmed when it gets really crazy in there.  They don't play the usual pop songs, which is great.  It is centrally located to tons of places so we make this a usual stop on our rounds around town.
4	Fun place to come in Old Town Scottsdale. Not your typical old town bar. Has lots of interesting people and good drinks.
1	Stopped in early on a Thursday night.  The staff was dismissive.   They change the prices on drinks by a dollar here and there.  Someone is skimming the till.   The pole dancers sucked too.
5	Shotgun Betty's now has a full service kitchen!  Went with the girls yesterday for happy hour and was glad to try their new menu.  Can you say jalapeno cheese curds???  Friendly staff, easy parking right out front, relaxed place, good music and I loved the patio.  I will be back for sure!
3	Fun bar with a coyote ugly feel.  Girls dancin on the bars with some cool loud rock music. You'll love it if ure a child of the 80's.  Prices r very good an better than most in old town.  Highly recommend to atleast stop here once if ure here for spring training.
4	Wish that Yelp had half start because this wasn't quite 5 stars but pretty close. GREAT mix of modern and 90's/80's hard rock/hair bands. Great staff of smoking hot tattooed ladies.  Drinks came fast and bills were accurate. just a great bar.  We had bottle service reservation for 10pm elsewhere or we would have stayed here all night.   The music is LOUD and FAST, the action is fun.  The crowd is much less Snobsdale that so many other places in Old Town.  Great fun.
3	Shotgun Betty's is a pretty fun place to go if you're out in scottsdale. There are basically two ways to do scottsdale, there is the "decked out, snobsdale, clubbing, ear pounding dance club with 20 dollar cover" way to do scottsdale, and then there's the "loud, fun, go out with buddies to drink and look at babes" way to do scottsdale. Shotgun Betty's is for the second way.I personally hate loud and obnoxious dance clubs, they're packed like  hell, they're a rip off, they have nothing but dooooshes all over, not everyone's cup of tea. That's why I like a place like this, it's not doooshy, it's rock and roll, it's coyote ugly. There's chicks in tight clothes dancing all over the place, never a bad thing...there's room to sit and chill, there's good rock and metal on all night, and it's not that insanely priced. A great place to chill with your buddies, heck even your girlfriend would dig this place if she's a cool chick.Like any bar in a popular area you get your creepy 50 year old guys hanging around gawking at girls, but the crowd is more chill and relaxed than HI-FI or some other yuppie pit. A good first choice for bar hopping for sure..bring buddies and singles, kick back and that's that.
3	I haven't had the food, but the scenery is great. I like that they play rock music because I'm not really into house/club. Get there just a little before the crowd, get a seat and enjoy the view.
2	Use to love going to Betty's but service has really gone downhill in the past two years. On this recent visit the bartender never made eye contact and waited several minutes to have her even serve us (there was less than 10 people in the bar). We ordered two drinks and one was made wrong. She corrected her mistake but being friendly goes a long way. Our group of 6 stayed for one round and headed out whereas in the past we would have stayed for several rounds. I miss how fun this place use to be and how friendly the staff was. It's just not like that anymore.
4	Love this place!!! Ample poured drinks, pole dancers, awesome music and lots a people watching!!
5	This is probably one of my favorite places in oldtown scottsdale. The bartenders make great drinks and the music is really good.
3	Have stopped by here several times over the past two years, most recently this past weekend. It is kinda sorta a biker bar at some points in the day and you can always find one or two rough types milling about. Other nights there will be tourists and couples filling the booths. You can always find those hot women dancing on the bars and that is comforting. There are no sports on TV here only obscure music videos exactly in sync with the obscure songs. Small outdoor patio which would be good if not for the smokers who take it over and watch out for the beer girl, who shorted me five bucks change on my first beer purchase. Her hotness did not stop me from getting the money. Not a bad place overall once in awhile, somewhat refreshing as the college or dooshbag crowd does not normally end up here.
4	Good indoor /outdoor bar. Great variety of music. Indoors, music is a little loud to have a conversation but the patio is great. There was a good mix of different age groups each of the times I was at this bar. Staff is friendly. Good place to stop for a couple of drinks when out in Scottsdale.
3	Bring 1's.  Cheap beers. Great 80's metal music.  Went there on a Thursday night.  Pretty much a sausage fest for the 40's crowd.  It's one of those bars that  religious guys who feel guilty about going to strip joints hang out at  with the hope of seeing young slutty women.  That's not a bad thing... Again, great metal and rock music.. girls in Daisy Dukes and bikini tops dancing on poles.  We left after bout 90 minutes.
5	Best bar I've been too in years, heavy metal, rock n roll , country friendly ! Loud music , great staff , good drinks. Love this place!
