5	Great little place, very nice folks.  Fresh bagels every morning from her cousin's bakery.  I love my scrambled egg & feta with lettuce, tomato and diced pepperoncini on toasted everything bagel with my iced coffee (ok, actually I never make it out of there without having a 2nd iced coffee).5 stars for being within walking distance of my house at Dynamite & Alma School.  My morning ritual has become walk 2 miles there, breakfast then walk home in time for work.  Wished it opened a bit earlier than 7AM.update 3/2/2013 - new owners, new menu and furniture.  breakfast and baked goods look quite good but no longer has an espresso machine :-(   Will write an updated review once I've had more than just a coffee.
4	I LOVE the bagels.  I have never ordered a sandwich but have asked them to make a veggie "sandwich" using one of their bagels.  It makes a great meal and, if you love a New York bagel, I suspect this is the best you'll find in Scottsdale.
4	lovely new owners and delicious food. Fresh bagels made daily, excellent breakfast burritos and bagel sandwiches. small simple menu but everything hits the spot.. We are glad that we gave the new owners a chance to earn our business. Can't wait to go back!
2	Sorry, but $3.00 for a bagel with nothing on it?  Seriously?  I know this is North Scottsdale but really?
5	The Pony Express Cafe is under brand-new ownership as of winter 2013.  The reviews expressed on Yelp to this date (4/15/13) seem to be from the previous ownership.  The phone number is incorrect, also.  Just thought that needed clearing up.  :-)  The new owners are a mother/daughter team, transplants from CO, and they are wonderful!  The prices are modest (contrasted against previous owners' prices) and the food is great!  It is a great little "find" on the corner of Alma School and Dynamite Blvd.  The coffee is excellent, the breakfasts are home-cooked to order, lunches are terrific, and Lorraine's homemade baked goods are worth the caloric intake.  Alas, they're only open Mon.-Fri.  Weekends are family time for them, and we can't fault them for that.
1	Got there at 1o minutes to 2pm according to my Verizon phone. Doors locked. Sign says open till 2. We could see the people hiding out in the back. These operators will last less than the last 3 owners.
5	This place is SOO yummy! Everything tastes so fresh! I don't know how they make a club sandwich taste so darn good, but they do!! They're soups are always super flavorful and delicious! This is our favorite place to go on our lunch breaks! Great food and great service!
5	Great neighborhood place. Fast friendly service. The food is excellent!  The breakfast burrito was amazing!  Prices good. Wish they were open weekends. But happy they are there during the week. Loved it!  Thanks Beth
5	Delightful place for rustic fresh homemade food! Run by super nice down to earth family. More than accomodating to my 2 picky toddlers, (Volunteered) to make things not on the menu for them. Breads are fresh, healthy & THICK! Quiche is awesone, fluffy & flavorful, comes with delish homemade salads & pumpkin bread. And NO its not expensive! Generous portions. Trust a busy mom who eats out a lot.
3	My husband & I came here for lunch on a Monday after hiking at the nearby Brown's Ranch. The food was fine. The menu is pretty small (6 breakfast options, handful of salads, 7 or 8 sandwiches) and unfortunately they stop serving breakfast at 11. I initially wanted to get a salad but nothing on the menu sparked much interest for me. The vegetarian salads don't come with cheese so I doubt they would be very filling. I ordered a caprese sandwich and my husband got the turkey. The turkey sandwich was a little sad looking. Basically a thin grilled cheese sandwich on regular bread. Looking at the menu now, I see it should have been served with lettuce/tomato/etc on the side but it was not. Overall it was just overpriced for what was produced. My caprese sandwich was certainly more impressive looking, and the pesto and mozzarella was really really good, but it had a strange gloppy balsamic dressing on it that I wiped away with a napkin but it still had made the bread soggy. I was really impressed by the pesto on the sandwich, it was thick and delicious as opposed to very oily. I think it would have been much improved if the bread had been toasted or warmed. Service was fine. In the future I'd probably head up to Rare Earth for some hearty salads and warm pizza instead of returning here, simply because I prefer my salads to be big and meals to be warm.
5	Good home cooking! What can you not love about it. Their breakfast burrito with their spicy green chile is absolutely wonderful! Adds a little spice to your morning. Just salivating thinking I won't be able to have it for the next four months. Good coffee and great service! Also, if you have a sweet tooth they have a wonderful variety of goodies. My favorite being the kahlua vodka cake!
5	Very friendly staff. Food is homemade and tastes great. Prices are great.
5	Continues to be a great place!  Friendly fast service & amazing foods!  What a neighborhood gem. Love it!
