1	This company makes frequent calls to Phoenix phone numbers on the National Do Not Call list using their autodialer software. They claim ignorance of all privacy laws. Do not do business with them.
1	A company which makes telemarketing calls to numbers on the National Do Not Call List, and blocks their Caller ID on those calls, is either incompetent or unconcerned about doing things right.  I've been on the Do Not Call list since it was first set up, but receive calls from Reliant Window, with Caller ID "Private Number".  This tells me everything I need to know about the company as soon as they identify themselves.
1	Just got a call from this outfit claiming their name is "Reliant Capitol" and it is. Plus many other names.  Not sure about their work but don't care for their marketing techniques.  We are also on the Do Not Call list and they showed up as unlisted.  Folks if you want to earn my business, please be more honest.
1	I have been cold-called called many times by this shady, bottom-feeding company within the past several months despite the fact that I'm on the federal do-not-call list and despite the fact that I've personally asked one of their telemarketers to put me on their company's do-not-call list.  At first, I would file complaints on donotcall.gov whenever they called me but they now have their number blocked so it doesn't show on your phone display so you can't file complaints anymore: like I said, total bottom feeders. Someone needs to get a class-action suit going against these cocksuckers, because a lot of other people on the do-not-call list are also getting called too.Anyway, if they're cold-calling people who are on the do-not-call list, then they're obviously not a legit company. If you have anything to do with them after reading this (and other reviews here) you're either stupid or nuts. You might as well take your money and flush it down the shitter, because you can be sure that after you fork it over to these clowns, you'll never see any of it ever again.
