4	I told myself not to buy clothes at Macy's since I did not have that much room in my carry-on luggage. Darn you Macy's!! Why did you have a bazillion racks of clothes that was on sale!!! NooOOo.. I could not resist the temptation and bought 4 shirts for $60. I wanted to buy more too!! I have a love-hate relationship with this Macy's.
3	The particular Macy's in Paradise Valley Mall is a smaller Macy's than most others in the state.  The shoe department is lacking in variety.  The clothing departments are so-so, smaller but enough variety for you to find something if you need it.The sales are pretty good here and the coupons in the paper lately make shopping at Macy's almost a steal!
2	Two words.. HOW rude .. I usually go to Nordies to stock up on my Chanel makeup.. but staying out at Marks lately.. I opted to try the Macys makeup department at Paradise Village.. The Clarins lady walked up to me and wanted to seat me for a small makeover.. I politely told her , 'no thanks, but is there a Chanel counter here'.. I snootily got the 'Umm, NO..' with the roll of the eye.. alrighty then.. I will give it a 2 star.. because I loved the fact that the jeans department had more of a selection then the Joes Jeans selection at my beloved Nordies at Fashion Square.. but rudeness doesnt warrant anything more than 2 no matter how great the selection is... boo on you, Macys Clarins lady..
1	do not use MACY'S card they changed the minimum payment to $25.00, and will not help the customer at all
5	Going through laser removal of some tattoos on my neck and trying to keep them concealed for work can be stressful. Well, the removal is going to take awhile but Thank's to Joanna at the SHISEIDO cosmetics counter in the PV Mall, the cover-up is going to be simple and lasting with Dermablend. Joanna helped me find the right color match and showed me how to apply it and it's easy! Thank's Joanna for all your help!
4	I love Macy's! My mom & I can spend some serious dough here on just a few tops, but it's so worth it! They have sales often, but it's funny how we always like the ones that are full price. Aside from the women's section, their men's section is decent (bought my hubby some denim shorts on clearance for $20 each), shoe section is just ok, Coach bags are to die for & we love their jewelry section (particularly Betsey Johnson stuff!). My mom has a Macy's card so there are usually great savings when she uses it & they send her coupons all the time!
4	This place made me feel like the ultimate bargain shopper. I love shopping in Arizona this time of year because they have major clearances. I was able to get a pair of black jeans and a dress on sale for a total of $8.75 including taxes. That's like 4 dollars an item! How does this even happen???The only reason I am not giving it a 5th star is ...........I couldn't find anything else I wanted to buy! I also got stuck in line behind a woman who kept separating her clearance purchases into many separate transactions, then arguing over the rules of her coupons, and then requesting her macys credit card number to be looked up numerous times. I felt the cashier should have told her that she could have one transaction and if she wanted others, she should have to wait until the person behind her (me) paid for her 2 items.
4	Went in today to find the Jewelry department missing! What's the deal? If anyone knows please say what Macy's plans are about plans with their jewelry division???? It's always been a plus.
2	The only reason I even gave Macy's 2 stars was because I was able to find the shoes I was looking for for $10 cheaper than Dillard's... Today they were really busy in the shoe department with only 2 people working. Now, I am a store manager and I know how stressful it can get when it's busy but today was not handled well. The employees were friendly but chaotic (Tom and Michael). Tom kept taking phone calls, processing orders over the phone and it felt like he was doing everything he could to avoid the line of ladies that needed assistance with shoes. Michael was nice, scambling to help everyone, however it took him 30 minutes to even call for assistance. He kept saying a manager is on their way, a manager is on their way... It took the manager forever to get there and still only 1 out of the 12 were being helped. Once the manager finally got there she started ringing ou the guests which was nice and apologized to everyone. The only other thing that bpthered me was that there was a women who was clearly fanning herself because she was so hot that she was about to faint.. There was some sort of mix up with her getting the "family/friend discount" for Wednesday at a cheaper rate, but Michael didn't explain it well enough so she thought she was walking out wih her shoes today. She was about to faint and he was telling her she couldn't have them and she was getting very upset because she had paid for them. As a manager in retail this was an easy, override it and do what's right for the guest, but he wasn't going to. He told her he'd have to see what the manager said. The manager ringing me up didn't even acknowledge the situtation which was very strange and then suddenly another manager walked up and he was finishing saying to the guest "Well I would need a manager to aprove but if you don't tell other guests then maybe this acception is ok". I just laughed out loud, really??? Anyway, the other manager got the situation explained to her (while this lady is still about to pass out, fanning herself) and the manager said no she couldn't take them home. They all went back and forth for a little while and then finally the manager said it was ok to take her shoes, she paid for, home. Thank goodness in the end that she got to take them home and didn't faint right there... But it took over an hour to make this whole situtaion right.. Very poor, unorganized, not staffed well, horrible Macy's experience.
5	Macy's, Oh Macy's!!!   How great you are, I love coming here for the sales and the amazing service. They already know me by name, it's that bad I know.I shop often at this specific location inside PV Mall. I love the amazing service provided at the shoe department by both Michael and also ANDY!!!  When there on the clock they are there to always help and they do it with a great deal of charisma!!!    I love the great sense of humor they both have, they all do, but those two specifically!! Andy always makes me smile with his fabulous attitude!! This place is the place to come for awesome deals and great service!
5	The PV Mall  Macy's has grown on me more and more... I've come to appreciate it much more than at the time of my last review. The staff is really friendly and helpful and I've been able to find what I am looking for and IT'S ALWAYS ON SALE!  I love this.
3	This Macy's is hit and miss. Sometimes I find great deals and items I want, where others I leave empty handed. Previously, I've bought some awesome boots from here and my husband found some great shirts. My most recent shopping trip left me empty handed. I specifically came here for some earrings I saw online but wanted to see in person. Unfortunately, they didn't have any in stock. I kept looking but nada. I then browsed the shoe section... nothing caught my eye. After a while, I gave up. Every sales person I came across greeted me and asked if I needed help. So friendliness and attentiveness is in abundance here. Unfortunately, if you aren't making a large purchase, they don't seem as interested and quickly move on to the next potential customer. Overall, I like Macy's but I'll probably do online shopping from now on.
4	Pretty nice store, lots of clearance and sale items for handbags/wallets/iphone/ipad cases. Associates are nice but there are rude ones. Dressing rooms are a-okay. Good selection for everything. They do carry some good high end designer hand bags which is always nice. The have a good sunglass selection and there is a MAC cosmetics store inside so that makes it a little better.
1	I had a lady upstairs in the lingerie section.  She was very rude.   I was doing an exchange and getting a gift card.  I was talking on my phone as she did the transaction and if she had a question I quickly replied to her.  At the end of the transaction she made it clear she was frustrated and did not say thankyou or anything ,.. She was  was plain rude.  I started walking away and said to my husband on my phone that boy when u are buying they sure are nice but when u are returning they sure are not friendly.  She Heard me say this and piped in and said WELL YOU were on your phone and I couldn't communicate with you !! I said so I didn't answer any of your questions during that transaction that u needed ??? She said no u didn't. ( which I very much DID !! ) I walked away pretty frustrated at her awful customer service skills.  I don't care if a customer is on a phone , you don't treat then unkindly.  No matter what. THATS WHAT good customer ServiCE IS.   I WALKED BY again after a bit and checked her name badge and her name is Victoria.   A very unpleasant experience at Macy's today.   Normally the associates are very kind and friendly.
4	I shop here a lot when it comes to work clothing.  At every Macy's I notice the clothes tend to point towards the clientele and over at Metro the clientele must be damn broke or ghetto fab, so now I shop here and fashion square.The store has a wide selection for anyone's taste and the prices run from pennies to thousands, depends on what you're looking for.  They always have a great sale going on too so I tend to get really good deals on things.  I've yet to buy anything that fell apart and I was angry with, doesn't mean it can't happen or hasn't happened to others but I've been pretty lucky personally.There are a few cashiers there, that even though I only return once in a blue moon, they always seem to remember my name and are very helpful with me.  They know my style and taste so when they point something out I might find cute I'm not annoyed because these people know me well.It can get messy at times but really what department store doesn't.  Even the fabulous Fashion Square gets a little messy when you see it packed elbow to elbow with wild women hunting through sizes on a blow out sales day.  I'm a fan for sure.
5	Thank you Lancome for the great beauty tips. I had the greatest time there. Everyone is very helpful and friendly throughout the store. Buying shoes there is very carefree.  Macy's tries harder. Family and friends sales are a good idea and way for the consumer to stretch those dollats. Some really great morning specials are advertised in the paperI appreciate Macy's.
