2	this place is a mess...a huge mess..dirty floors stinky smells and a staff that was talking about the nights plans with a few "F" words thrown about..this is a kids store???I couldnt find any high end merchandise mostly average brands like gap gymboree etc..and the prices were too high
3	A friend and I ended up here after she had been searching all over for a particular bouncy seat for her son.  Guess what?  She found it!  And in pretty good condition for $18, although it needed a good cleaning.This is a small store and the ladies up from were friendly and helpful.  There's not too much in terms of furniture/bigger equipment but I did see several bassinets, pack n plays, bouncy seats, etc.  There also seems to be a well organized selection of clothing.  This was my first experience in a children's resale shop, but I would only return if I was looking for an item that would only be used for a couple months to save a buck.
3	Baby and kiddie consignment shops are an absolute treasure when one has a growing baby that needs new clothes, toys, or furniture pieces every three months.  This particular store is ideal if you are in the market for baby bouncers, play-yards, swings, strollers, or bassinets.  The average cost is $25-$55, depending on automation, mobiles, and design.  Of course half of the store is clothing, which is well labeled and separated by month/year.  Average cost is $4-$8 for clothing items, off season pieces are generally marked down 50%.  Some select formulas are for sale as well, new and at half the price of a grocery store.Staff was knowledgable, were able to tell me over the phone that they had what I was looking for, and assisted us in putting our items in the car after our purchases.Pros: Great variety of above-mentioned items, reasonably priced.Cons:Baby items such as swings and bouncing cradles are very dirty.  We brought an automated swing home with us and it had to be thoroughly wiped and disinfected, as well as the liner and safety harness put through the wash.The two convertible cribs that were available for sale were priced at $150, but had significant wear and tear - most of the furniture pieces here look less than sellable...
