1	Horrible place Will never go back there again
1	Discrimination against the Disabled!  My mother-in-law rode on her scooter for 15 minutes in the Phoenix summer to this Nationwide location to get replacement glasses today.  Because she does not have glasses to see with (hence, the reason she was there), she was unable to fill out the patient forms.  She asked for a customer representative's help in filling out the forms and was told that they "were short-staffed today" and that they could not help her.  My poor mother-in-law called us in distress and when my partner spoke to the representative there, she was told again that they could not help her.  My partner then asked to speak to the manager and was informed that they manager was the one that instructed them not to help her mom.  I find it despicable that the manager of this location, Jennifer Davis, was more concerned with selling glasses to other people than helping a disabled and elderly person!  We told our mother to leave and that we would take her to a better place where they are considerate of their customers.  We will also be calling Nationwide Corporate and letting them know how poorly this location treats the very people they claim to serve...the visually impaired!
1	If I could give no stars I would!! This place has the worst and I mean worst customer service ever. I'm posting this then December, but I took my initial exam in September. First the doctor decides to change my prescription, And everything I look at as a shadow affect. I go back for my glasses, I don't even have them a week and I'll left screw falls into my eye. I take them back tell the man the issue, he takes my glasses says he'll provide me a new pair. I wait and wait and wait no call (They said they called)! I finally raise heck with the manager, she's searching frantically, can't find them, the next day they tell me my glasses are ready... I got that call. I picked these up just before the holidays, I haven't had them 2 weeks and the screw falls out again! I go in there today and tell them, look of been in here over 3 times, last time you guys said you give me a new pair glasses these appear to be the same glasses. The manager comes out grab some pliers, adjust the nose piece and hands them back to me. I told her on the left inside the hole for the screw is too big, and the screw and nose pad keep falling off. She proceeds to tell me it's not the hole but the actual nose pad that's the problem. Then she puts a bigger screw in the left-hand side. (That doesn't sound like it fit her own story. Why wouldn't you just change out the nose piece?) I think she scratched my glasses. I'm going to call corporate office and complain!! This is a bunch of baloney!!!  DO NOT GO HERE FOR SERVICE!!!
