2	This place opened up right across from work and I've gotten mixed reviews from my co-workers so I thought I'd finally give them a shot. I ordered a turkey club sandwich that was highly recommended. They all said that this sandwich was really big and tasty.Well when I got the sandwich, I couldn't believe the size of the measly thing. I thought it was a joke. It was barely bigger than my Blackberry! I didn't even know bread slices that small even existed. The actual sandwich itself was very good with fresh ingredients but for almost $9, if it was double in size it would still be a rip off. It did come with fries but obviously, they're not worth mentioning.My co-worker told me that when she's ordered the same sandwich before, it was much bigger and on Texas toast type bread. Too bad they started getting skimpy on the one thing all my co-workers seemed to like from there. They won't be seeing us back there, even though they are so conveniently located across the street.They ought to be ashamed of themselves for charging that much for such little food. I don't see these guys being around for very long if they think that they can continue with these ridiculous prices.
2	I've been here for lunch 3 times, and have only had one good dining experience. The first time I ate here was when they first opened, and although they told us they were out of many items, what we ended up ordering was pretty good. The second time I went was for takeout a couple of weeks later. I ordered a burger, which was supposed to come with "rosemary potato crisps". When I got back to the office, the burger (which I ordered medium) was extremely rare, and had some sort of sweet condiment on it. Rather than fries or "Rosemary potato crisps", it had been served with what looked like a handful of crushed corn chips. Meh For $12, I felt cheated.Looks like they had a falling out with their chef, because they took his sign down, and put up a sign for a different Italian chef. OK I'll give the new guys a try. Well, I would have. When I walked in, they apologized, but the cook had just stormed out, and they didn't have anyone working in the kitchen, so couldn't serve me any food. The bar itself has really nice decor, nice bartenders, a couple of pool tables, etc. It would probably be good for a game of pool or a drink, but don't plan on ordering any food.
