2	Thumbs down! And this is coming from a girl that loves Walmart!I never experienced the original Walmarts. You know, the small ones without the huge deli or bakery. The ones without McDonald's, Subway or a little place to eat. This feels like one of those old Walmarts to me.I went here because there were some grocery items I wanted and I knew Walmart would have them. Well, not this one! The did have a grocery section but its only a slight step up from what you would see at a Kmart.It was very clean, I loved that about this location. This one is organized a bit differently from other Walmarts, but that's okay. They had a decent selection of things and I would have liked to look around a little longer.Had my checkout situation been handled differently, I would probably return to this one from time to time.The cashier was alright. She seemed to only be polite because it was part of her job. You remember when you were a kid and you'd just say sorry because your mom or dad made you and then they'd say "say it like you mean it!" --- well, I wanted to utter those words to her. My bill rang up higher than I expected but I mean, how many times have any of us gotten out of Walmart paying less than like $30 for our crap. I also thought that maybe I misread prices as I shopped. I was checking my receipt as I walked toward the door and noticed that I was charged twice for one item that I purchased. Hey, it' happens, but its a large box of diapers that's about $20 so I want my money back!So, I turn around and walk right back to that cashier and wait for her to finish checking out the next customer. I point out the error and she tells me that I'm wrong. I don't say anything mean to her, I simply hand the slip to her and say "oh, well maybe I'm reading it wrong." She then realizes that she did ring up the item twice and tells me that I have to get another box of diapers or I can go wait at customer service for my money back.Yeah, that sounded not right to me too. You screwed up my order and then you tell me to go get another box to correct your mistake? Ummmmm, no.So I walk over to customer service. There is ZERO order at this tiny desk. I had no clue where the line ended so I got in line somewhere. Then some guy tells me that I have to go somewhere else to get all of my items checked in and stickers put on them. Ummmmmm, no, that's not happening either. I wait in line and finally it's my turn and I explain to the service lady what happened.She looked at me, looked at my cart and the few things in it, and then asks if the cashier knows that she did it and that she needs to verify with that cashier.Finally, after what felt like an eternity and being made to feel like a liar, I got my money back. I really didn't think that situation was handled properly, whatsoever.All in all, I'd go to a super super Walmart. I think the one up by The Mills is far superior. I'll be driving the extra 15 minutes.***Edit on 1/7/12 - I'd like to add that I did contact Walmart about this. I basically copied this review and sent it to them. Never heard back. That's sad.***
2	As far as WalMarts go, this like the bottom of the barrel for WalMarts.  I give be props to the Fox Chapel/Aspinwall area for not caving into the demands of Walmart and not allowing them to build a super WalMart here, seeing that there is one in every direction within a 20 minute ride from here.  With that being said you can tell that this location had to scale back on every department in order to try and fit everything they could think of under one roof.  Yes, it's smaller and you would think that would mean that you'd be able to find things more easily...wrong.  The set up is so awkward that you turn from the hardware section into the pet food aisle.  Soaps right next to fresh produce (I'll wash my own fruit with the appropriate cleanser, I don't prefer Head N Shoulders on my bananas).  Checking out here is such a chore.  My most recent visit I only had four items and it took me nearly fifteen minutes to clear the front of the store.  Out of the many cash registers they could have had open, only three were in fact open to take customers.  Each of the lines reached all the way back to where the merchandise started.  Not good for wanting people to return for business.
2	Wal Marts are all pretty much the same...but the only bad thing about this one is the service! They don't have enough people working so no one is ever around to help you find things (and it's impossible to find things...). I feel bad for the employees here.
1	This store is a disgrace. No matter what time of day you go there is always only ever one lane open.  Also the store is dirty and I mean dirty I wore a pair of long black pants to this Walmart  and by the time I left the store the bottom of my pants were covered and dust. I am talking at least 3 inches up the leg.
2	When we moved to the Aspinwall area, one of the big draws for us was the convenience of the Waterworks Mall. Time and time again, I am really happy that I don't have to go far for most of our home needs, as they have a grocery store, a great wine shop, a bakery, several great restaurants, and a bookstore. I also thought that it was great that they had the Holy Grail of American consumerism - WalMart - in their ranks... that is, until I visited it for the first time.The food section is severely lacking in my opinion. I realize they probably only dry items because they keep well, and are probably big sellers, but it's really hard to get anything really good here.The rest of the store is OK, I guess, but the home items section is just a mish-mash of junk thrown together in piles. Many times I've gone there instead of a hardware store have ended up with me being severely disappointed at not being able to find what I was looking for - at a WalMart. Really?!?!?Now, we just hoof it up to the Pittsburgh Mills Super WalMart whenever we need anything from their establishment. Ahhhhh... Much better!
2	Sorry, I'll side with the other poor reviews and agree that this isn't the best establishment in Pittsburgh. I went here with a mission: to buy a new HDTV. The parking, staff, and product selection were all average; however, the tv that I bought didn't even work when I took it back home. The supposedly "smart" tv (Hisense 32 inch) couldn't pick up the wireless signal in my apartment, plus the quality of the picture was awful. There was no color! Thus, I immediately took the product back, hit myself for trying to go cheap, and took my ass to Best Buy instead. I wouldn't recommend buying a higher-end electronic here.
