5	Bree came to watch my dogs while on a recent trip to California.  She did a great job and I am happy to have her check in on my pups while I am out of town coming up this week.  She text me daily to let me know how my dogs were doing and sent me a few pictures of them as well.  When she came over for the initial meet and greet, she was very friendly with them and didn't seem to mind how hyper and excited they were to see someone new.  Although I didn't need her to, it was nice to know that she provides services such as bringing in the mail or trash or watering your plants.  I did however forget to close my garage door when I left home (oops!) and she was nice enough to close it for me and let me know.  I would definitely recommend her to any family or friends if they were looking for a similar service.
5	My husband and I are very picky about who takes care of our four legged kids, and have only allowed family and close friends to do it in the past. We recently found Bree, and now her sister Mary, and they are so wonderful! I know I can trust them with access to our home, and most importantly, with the care of the dogs. They send daily picture updates and I know they lavish our four with love when we are gone. I highly, highly recommend them!
5	I have used Bree's pet and house sitting service for several out of town trips over the past 2 years and have always been very satisfied.  She is very trustworthy, friendly and responsible.  She took care of my kitties' needs while out of town and also helped me feel more comfortable about leaving them, knowing they are in good hands.  She sent me pictures, cleaned up after their shenanigans, brought my mail in, and ensured the security of my apartment.  Her rates are very reasonable, and she has been very amenable and gracious with last minute pet sitting requests.
5	We had went on a trip to Europe last October and found Bree on the internet.  In conversation with my significant other in the wake of the Green Acres dog tragedy, it was discussed and reminded us how fortunate we were to find Bree.  I fully support in home care and having a pet sitter as opposed to dropping them off at a boarding facility.Service: A+She came to the home and actually interviewed us to assure she was taking care of everything while we were gone. She inquired about medical conditions, pet health issues in the past and present as well as special needs. She took care of the 4 cats completely, checked the mail and even sent pictures of the pets while we were away.   We felt so secure about choosing her over the others we interviewed. She and her twin sister came to the home to assure that we knew who would be in our home.  It was a great service.Trustworthiness A+She had keys and alarm codes and full run of the home and not one thing was out of place or out of order when we returned.  The home and cat boxes were cleaned and she left a nice note showing she appreciated our business along with the keys, alarm code, packages that came in as well as a stack of mail.Value A+She was very affordable and in fact we felt that for what we paid she was the best priced and greatest value for the attention she had given us, this makes it easy to refer her to friends to assure she stays busy and continues to grow her business and the value that she offers our community.  Overall A+She was phenominal. We honestly could not have cared for them better.   We recently added on to our pet family and fully intend to invite her back to care for our pets.  Thank you for being such a fantastic local business Bree!
