3	Let me ask you this, have you ever had breakfast, lunch and dinner at the same restaurant in the same day?Usually I stray away from reviews of places we're all familiar with, but today I thought I would give the Sonic some l-o-v-e.  Especially since, I ate at the same Sonic three (tres, 3, iii) times today.For breakfast I got the Bistro Sandwich with Bacon, Egg and Cheese. I usually toss one of the buns and have it open faced. I don't want to appear gluttonous. :PFor lunch, a Wacky Pack with a hamburger, tots and a small iced tea. The prize was a plastic bug catcher.For dinner, I had a hot fudge sundae and tots.Hey, I've gotta go, I hear they have .99 root beer floats till midnight.
1	My husband that wears hearing aids went to surprise me & bring home breakfast. He got out of the car & went to the patio.  He push button & tried to order but could not hear the lady. He asked if the lady could come outside. Since he was on the patio close to the door he did not think it would be any trouble. The lady said "come back with someone that can hear". I am so angry. I will never go to Sonic again.
1	Remind me never to drive thru here again. If I check-in again - shoot me. I'm not a huge fan of Sonic, except I like their limeades and crushed ice. I've never been to this location before and I won't recommend it.The service was fine. The gentleman who took our order was patient and nice. However, whoever prepared the food didn't prepare it as we ordered it. I asked for no mayo and got mayo. That pretty much ruins the burger. How can you take mayo off? Yuck. My daughter's chicken whatevers (bits? pieces? nuggets?) caused her to ask "Is this chicken?" She's 10, and not that picky. So that must have been pretty bad.I thought it interesting that the drive thru guy encouraged me to fill out the survey to be entered for a drawing for a free something or other. Why? Because he didn't give my daughter any honey mustard sauce after he attentively asked how many packets she wanted. I usually don't fill out those surveys. I may start now...Nice drive-thru guy. But absent-minded (I suppose we all have those days.)Good slushes and limeade. (This would be the only reason I'd come back.)Bad food.
4	Decent food with a decent staff and wait time. Pretty consistent order accuracy.
5	I'm surprised at the number of bad reviews this location has!I've been to this same location for years and years as I live .1 mile away.I love to get the Blackberry Sweet Tea...I go early in the morning on my way to work and order the spicy jumbo popcorn chicken. I'm glad they serve lunch at 6 am because I hate all things breakfast.I bring my doggies there and they give them milkbones! How thoughtful...Anyways, the shakes are great too! There's real fruit in them!Sonic is an awesome place in general.... With happy hour and all.5 stars.
1	This place has the longest wait times you will ever experience. Don't even attempt to go through the drive-through because you will spend at least 15 minutes waiting. There are plenty of other places nearby for me to go.
4	Friendly staff. Not sure why I continue to use the drive through. If there is a long line, it's quicker to pull into a stall and order.
1	Like many others, the drinks are good, but I am reviewing the drinks. I drove through to get a few grilled chicken sandwiches for my husband & I. We also substituted onion rings for fries. They were the greasiest onion rings in town! All I have to say is that everything was horrible, Horrible, HORRIBLE!!! The chicken was DISGUSTING...100% inedible! It looked nasty, and tasted worse, like a rubber chicken! We get AMAZING grilled chicken sandwiches at Wendy's, and after this, I will never again mess with perfection! Oh, and as everyone else already said, the drive thru is ridiculous! I actually called them & sent my husband back to get our money back. I will have to say that they kindly agreed! ;)
2	I just went here to get a shake and waited like 15 minutes in the drive thru. They messed up my order by putting hot fudge so when I got my shake it was like nuke warm. This was a horrible disappointment!!! Will never be going to this one again!
1	Saturday I ordered a cheeseburger,  2pc poppers and onion rings.. Not only did I wait 10 minutes the fried food were as hard as rocks, and I was given a double cheeseburger and charged for a double cheeseburger and large poppers.  Very unhappy!
