5	My friend bzerkqirk invited me as his guest passenger to ride in these primo exotic cars!  I feel so honored *hugs to my friend*  It was so awesome, I've never been in a ferrari and a lamborghini before and it was a thrilling ride.  I could feel and hear the engine!  The ferrari was so smooth.  The best part was being the envy of everyone...when we got out of the car, I felt like a movie star.  People were taking pics (of the car, not me) and I could see green in their eyes.  I could see myself buying a porsche later in my life...UH HUH!  So car enthusiasts, I definitely recommend signing up for their events.
5	Would you like to drive over $1 million worth of supercars in one day?  YES PLEASE!  Spent the better part of the day driving some insane machines:Ferrari 430Lambo SuperleggeraMercedes McLarenCorvette ZR-1Porsche 911 TurboThe hosts were great, the pre-drive lunch was good, the scenery was good... but you don't care about that stuff.  The stars of the day were the cars!  They basically tell you two things: "these cars are powerful so respect them, and you are responsible for your own speeding tickets". That's it!  You get the keys and you drive away without a chaperone.  If you are a fan of supercars and want to splurge, do this now. They travel throughout the country and I did this out of San Diego so look for it.
5	I bought the Hoover Dam (Las Vegas) tour for my husband as a Christmas present this year, I was sneaky because while he thought it was for himself, I really wanted to do the tour myself (a girl who wants to drive fast cars?? GET OUT OF THE WAY!)We drove a Bentley Continental GTC, a Jaguar XKR, a Ferrari F430, an Audi V10 R8 and a Mclaren SLR. It was amazing. What else was amazing? The staff at WCD. Between the very nice woman who signed us in, to the WONDERFUL staff who stayed in the building, to the two AWESOME gentlemen who drove poll and sweeper....I can't sing their praises enough. We will be back and are looking forward to hitting up some of the different road tours and I now have an itch to sign up for the 200mph challenge. This is THE BEST BET for having a great time in Vegas.
5	Great experience!! 100% worth it! The cars were amazing, and surprisingly, the Jaguar XK-RS was my favorite!  That thing is so smooth and fast, unbelievable! The drivers leading the tour were really nice to us, the staff was really helpful as well.I definitely wont forget this experience until I buy my own supercar :]
5	loved it.. great experience..
4	The guys are professionals. Everyone I spoke/emailed with was courteous, responsive and friendly. The cars were a blast. I don't have a lot of experience with performance cars so I may be easily impressed. Still, I suspect I'm like most and in that case, it would be difficult not to be impressed with their selection. The choice of the federal park was smart. Gives the potential to really open up the cars and see the handling. One drawback - nothing they can do about it - is that since it's a public park, there may be other cars/trailers on the roads which means you can't push the cars. It's a disappointment but understandable.All in all, this was an experience where I felt I got my money's worth after the event. I'd happily do this again. Visited July 2012
5	This experience was a blast! We went on a weekday so Red Rock was pretty much open...(you know what that means!) We were able to drive the Gallardo Performante, Ferrari 458, and the Jaguar XKR-S. Roger, our guide, was awesome! He made sure everyone was safe and cautioned us on any road hazards coming up. Once it was clear he let us test the cars multiple times!!...(if you have a female passenger, all you will hear are screams to slow down. haha!)If you are in Vegas, you MUST try this! I would do this again in a heartbeat.
5	If you are looking for something unique and out of this world to do in Vegas, this is it! This had to be the coolest thing I have ever done. Getting to drive a Jaguar, Lamborghini, and Ferrari at high speeds through the desert was better than any roller coaster! Matt and the staff were amazing and make anyone feel comfortable behind the wheel of these exotic automobile. The coolest thing is being able to take pictures with the cars and make all your friends on Facebook jealous lol...
5	A friend of mine and I shared this driving experience and it was incredible!!! We're going to do a different tour with the same company on our next trip out.
5	Christmas gift from my wife that did not fit under the tree....Awesome, adrenaline rush, thrill of a lifetime...what can I say to explain it without you sitting in the car and feeling the engine and hearing the exhaust?Drove four cars...Lamborghini Superleggera LP-570-4 Spyder a Ferrari 348 Italia, a Jaguar XLR-S, and my dream car, an Audi R8Our instructors/guides, Webster and Julie, kept us in a tight formation as we snaked through Vegas traffic out to the Lake Mead Recreation area for our real drive.  Highlights of their interaction were reminding my wife to stay in formation and outrunning us all in their pace car....don't let the Jag sedan fool you....those two can drive.The views in the park were only made better by the sound of the cars' engines revving up and then standing together at our driver change-out locations.  The looks the campers and locals gave us as we roared by were classic.The only thing better was the sound of my teenage son and I howling with delight as we accelerated and made the turns in the park (at the posted speed limits, of course)I will definitely do this again on my next trip to Vegas, and hope that I get a couple of new cars to compare versus these four.  None of them disappointed...even the Jag pulled and kept up with the Lamborghini without hesitation.A must do if you are a car enthusiast or just want a life-long memory and pictures to prove you did it.
4	I am giving 4 starts, because of the girls at the reception. They where really useless, and did not have a clue what they where doing. Luckily Matt, the manager, came out to help us out,  and calm us all down (it was 4 of us, plus another unhappy couple)Because of the whole mess at the reception and everyone being really upset, Matt arranged, for all of us, to drive 5 cars(instead of 3 or 4), which was great.The moment we where in the car`s everything went perfectly well. The only bad thing while driving is- do not expect to drive fast.You will drive in line, one after the other one, and most of the time we had to follow  speed signs.But we did manage to go few times fast for a few seconds, which was amazing!There is no overtaking or doing anything crazy, and they are really strict about it, so if you want to drive fast cars really fast- this is not  drive for you!Great experience thanks to Matt and other two instructors that where with us while driving!!
5	WOW. Is the only way to describe today. Darren and the boys set myself and my son in 3 muscle cars. Dodge Challenger, Corvette, Mustang Shelby. We drove through Red Rock which I have to say simply amazing scenery and even better roads. We are from Australia ( Sydney ) and our best roads are not even close to Vegas's worst roads. So to drive these high horsepower cars was simply brilliant. We did have to accelerate occasionally to avoid issues. The cars did that without any problems. Would recommend them totally and look forward to our next trip here.
5	I was very fortunate to have a hook up through work to do the Red Rock Exotic XL experience with my wife.  You get to drive 4 high performance supercars on a guided trip from their garage to Red Rock while switching to the next car at designated stops.  The driving time was around an hour and the whole thing retails for $799.  We arrived at their "Dream Garage" around 3pm where we gawked at the cars on display.  Once all the drivers checked in, the owner gave us instructions and details on how everything would go down.  Some people had signed up for the muscle car experience which features 4 totally different cars (Shelby, Corvette) and you needed to drive stick.  Fortunately all the exotic cars could be driven automatic or via the paddles just behind the steering wheel.  Driving purists may say that's like having sex with an inflatable doll but I am a terrible stick driver.  So we go outside to choose which car to hit the highway with.  Surprisingly the two other drivers went with the Jaguar and Audi R8.  So my wife went with the Ferrari 458 Italia and I went with the Lamborghini Superleggera.  I've always had a thing for Lambos since I was a little kid and I was so freakin excited to finally drive one with the top down no less!I was taken aback with the pickup and power of the car initially (I regularly drive a Toyota Camry hahaha).  You really needed to put some leg into the brake to stop properly too.  But once we hit the highway it was all fun.  We had 2 guides with us the whole way and each of the cars had a walkie talkie so we were instructed the entire time.  They also let us know what was coming up (police, debris on the street to avoid, when to change lanes).  I had a little bit of a hard time hearing the walkie talkie with my adrenaline running and the top down on the highway but it was doable.  It was also interesting to notice just how many drivers looked at me.  Hoping for a celebrity, perhaps?  Sorry to disappoint! Our first switch was at a parking area just by the Red Rock Canyon entrance where I switched to the Jaguar.  I am unsure of the actual model but it was the smoothest ride ever.  Alas, we were in a driving as a group in a line so I couldn't really put the pedal to the metal (70 mph tops) but it was really cool nonetheless.  I then switched to the Audi R8 when we refueled at the gas station.  What a slick freakin car that is.  I turned up its Bang and Olufsen speakers while I tried to drift as far back as I could in our car line so I could step on the gas to catch up.  I got to drive the Ferrari on the highway going back.  Talk about saving the best for last!  The rev of the engine, the curves of the car, the famous Ferrari red and just the sheer power of it all was a trip.  My wife and I both liked driving that one best.   So aside from not being able to drive fast, the whole experience was really once in a lifetime for me and other non-millionaires.  It was truly a fantastic afternoon!!
5	Customer Service A++Cars A++Overall Experience A++This was Awesome, with a capital A!  Very professional staff and well-organized reservation process.The driving experience was very controlled and leisurely, I'll be honest driving a $300,000 s$x on wheels is a little stressful.  But once you're on the road they make you feel completely comfortable!I would definitely do this again!! Fun fun fun!
5	Outstanding experience!  And I wasn't even the driver!I bought the 3 exotic car Red Rock experience for my boyfriend, who is a huge car enthusiast.  He was able to drive the Lamborghini, Ferrari 458 Italia, and the Jag.  The drive was incredible and very organized.  I liked the staff at the location and you could tell they knew their stuff.  Only disappointing thing is not getting to pick the cars you want to drive, the Mercedes mclaren would've been killer.  But obviously, all three cars we drove were different enough from each other to not feel like you're driving the same car with a different name.  After we were finished, he couldn't stop raving about it.  We're going to try and go back next year so that I can be the driver, yay!
5	Great experience, great people! We had a lot of fun! It was a once in a lifetime experience for my husband!
5	This is by far one of the best experiences I've had so far. World class driving gave us the opportunity to drive 3 super exotic cars that one can only imagine driving. Being a car enthusiast, I appreciated the duration of time spent in each car. The drive was long enough where you can test its performance and speed. Of course, you can't go crazy (especially with the cars costing more than what most make a year). I got to drive the Ferrari, Lamborghini and the Jaguar which was a good surprise. Props to Jag. There's no way I can pick a favorite, having been able to drive all 3, you'll learn that each car is unique in its own way. The staff is A++++ Big THANKS to Matt, Warren and Roger. The minute we entered until we left, they made us feel at home. They made sure that every one in our group was comfortable. They made sure that every driver was educated and confident before take off whenever we switched cars. Let's not forget, this is a drive to red rock canyon. If the drivers can keep their eyes of the beauty of the cars, they might notice how stunning the scenery is as well - which is really bonus! There are not enough good things I can say about the experience and the staff. Book your event. You will not regret it!
5	World Class Driving was amazing from the very start to the very end. The crew were very professional and had immaculate attention to detail. They were cautious, aware, informative yet fun and entertaining. The drive experience was incredible. Even though we thought we were going to drive in Red Rock Canyon, Lake Mead was definitely not a disappointment. It was beautiful! My husband and I will definitely come back for more and we are already referring our friends and family about it! You can not get enough driving a Jaguar, Ferrari, Lamborghini, and an Audi R8!
5	This is one in a lifetime things you have or MOST do.  Everyone was so helpfull, the customer service is top notch. The opportunity to drive such a fleet of luxury cars and enjoying the amazing views are one in a million. Worth every penny. Can't wait to do the Muscle car experience next.
5	The program was well planned and we were briefed amply before they handed over reins to their expensive Ferrari 458, Lamborghini Gallardo, Audi R8 and Jaguar XJL Supercharged. We got plenty time in them too: around 20 mins in each car on butter smooth, and almost empty, roads of Red Rock Canyon where going a 'little' over the speed limit is very likely to go unnoticed. The entire driving experience takes place as part of a driving formation so everything is controlled enough to not let you do anything stupid and yet you are autonomous enough to get a little naughty from time to time.If you are a driving enthusiast and love your cars, then this is one experience that you cannot afford to miss while in Vegas, or one that you should come to Vegas just for. It was an exciting, exhilarating, surreal and thoroughly enjoyable experience! Cannot recommend it enough.
5	I bought the Muscle Car experience for my husband as a wedding gift (yes, we had a Vegas wedding, but there were no Elvises involved).  Something I didn't think of at the time was that most of the muscle cars they have don't have automatic models - and while he has driven a manual, it's been over ten years.  When we got to the Dream Garage, we told Mike, one of the managers, that we were concerned about this, and he was grateful that we mentioned it rather than try to wing driving $200K+ cars and grinding the clutch.  They allowed us to switch to the exotics experience the following day without hassle, and even shuttled us back to the hotel.  They were extremely friendly and professional, and I really appreciated them working with us!This was definitely one of the highlights of our trip to Vegas.  The way the outings are run makes it possible to really enjoy the cars without having to worry too much about damaging them.  The staff and instructors were extremely friendly and easy to talk to, and the cars themselves were an absolute blast to drive!  We were able to drive a Ferrari 458 Italia, Jaguar XKR-S, and Lamborghini Gallardo, and the acceleration of each car was jaw-dropping.  Being the last group of the day, we were actually able to drive the Gallardo 20+ miles from the Lake Meade area all the way back to the strip!  I had a great time and would definitely do it again on my next trip to Vegas!
5	Decided to try the Exotic XL package since it had four cars - Ferrari 458, Lamborghini LP560, Audi R8, & Jaguar XKR-SAll cars were amazing (Jaguar was the surprise of the day - great car)Can't say enough about the crew, this is a well run outfit and worth every penny, will definitely be back!Do it!
5	Great experience, the cars are very exotic and a blast to drive.
5	This place is amazing. So well organized and customer focused. This experience allowed us to see how these cars are meant to be driven.I really enjoyed chatting with Kenny and Lynnelle, they were very helpful.
2	What was supposed to be a wonderful drive through Red Rock Canyon was an industrial drive to Lake Mead.  The actual drive in Lake Mead was okay.  Again,  it was not Red Rock Canyon.  We asked the shuttle driver afterwards why we didn't go to Red Rock like we were supposed to.  He stated that the website hadn't been updated.  Another woman in the van said she had called last week and was also told it was a tour through Red Rock so apparently they lie.  It was fun driving the cars but half of the experience was supposed to be doing it in Red Rock Canyon.  The fact that they sell it as one thing but produce another makes me question them.  Everyone was nice but extremely misleading.  Overall a waste of time and money.
5	This was an experience of a lifetime! I was just going to be a passenger, but I am so glad my husband nudged me to drive. SO fun!! Everyone working here was super knowledgable, safe & courteous. I loved driving on the open road & feeling that edge between safe and scary! Would highly recommend!
5	My wife bought me the Exotic package as a birthday present.  The other reviews pretty much say it all.  Staff, cars, planning, everything was awesome.  Only comment I have and someone else mentioned it here also is that we didn't get to drive through Red Rock Canyon we instead drove to Lake Mead but honestly I was less concerned with the scenery seeing as I was driving a Ferrari 458!!!
5	I booked this during some down time while in Vegas. I am extremely happy that I did. First, the cars are great. I drove the Ferrari 458, Jaguar XKRS, Lamborghini, and the Audi R8. There really isn't anywhere else that will give you the opportunity to drive all of these cars. Just renting one of these will cost you almost the same amount as this entire tour. Matt and Elizabeth are excellent. They take the time to show you how to handle the cars and explain each one, so that you feel comfortable driving. The tour takes you through plenty of scenic locations. I can't wait to do it again next year.
5	Amazing cars, more fun than anything I've done in Vegas. Thanks to Lynette and the gang, it was an awesome experience!
5	My wife found this place by searching online about things to do in Vegas.  At first I was really excited until I saw the cost.  But you only live once so I decided to go for it and hope for the best.  I was really excited to drive the exotic cars and it was kind of scary at the same time because of the liability.  Once I got used to driving the vehicles it was the best experience ever.  I wish I had the money to drive the 4 cars.  It's worth every penny and I definitely plan to do it again. If you drive the muscle cars or exotic cars you can't go wrong.
5	This is by far the most exciting thing I've done in vegas. I come to vegas once a year and this was the first time doing this.  I'm not huge into exotic cars and I'd rather not wreck one so I chose the muscle car experience.  My buddy and I did the last tour of the day which was great.  My favorite modern day muscle car is the gt500 so it was a no brainer when I saw they had it. At over 660hp it was a lot to control if you put your foot down on it. You must be very cautious and pay attention to keep it straight and out of the ditch.  People complained about the clutch and stalling but I had no problems.  The z06 suprised me because im not a big fan but it had brute power,  not quite like the shelby but it had that v8 torque that throws you back.  The car that really suprised me was the challenger. Sure it wasn't all that fast but it handled great in turns. I think better than the shelby and z06. The paddle shifts were cool. The people here are nice and helpful. They always make sure you are safe and their cars are safe, but they do let you put the pedal to the floor. Julie was our leader and she was great with directions. She navigated us through las vegas traffic to bring the cars back. If that worries you don't worry only the last tour drives through traffic. Even then the traffic wasn't bad. Steve was our tour guide/caboose and he was awesome. He would pull back a little bit so we could hammer on the shelby. He wasn't far behind just in case it went into the ditch. (Thankfully it didnt) I can't stress enough how fun this was, it was my best thing I've done here. If you drive the shelby be careful. The snake will bite if you aren't careful.
2	I have to say I was disappointed with my experience. Let me first start with the good. The staff is very professional and prompt. They treat you very well. No complaints. My complaints start with what I paid for. I paid for the exotic car package at Red Rocks. What I got was two exotic cars and a Corvette ZO6 at Lake Mead. Only two of the cars had video. And the audio on the video was either mostly static or absolutely silent. The Audi R8 I drove had a broken, nonadjustable drivers side seat that was locked at a ninety degree angle. Very uncomfortable. Don't get me wrong, I/we had a great time. I ended up really enjoying the ZO6, it is a great car, but its not the Lambo that I expected I would be driving, and definitely not exotic. I was really looking forward to checking out Red Rocks with these cars. But ended up at lake Mead for some reason that wasn't explained. Not very scenic. The sound of these cars and the conversations I had with my son on this once in a lifetime trip would have been nice to relive in the video you get with the package. But as I stated before, only two of the three cars had video and the audio was either nonexistent or it is so full of static its annoying. I just feel I didn't get what I paid for. The Ferrari 458 was an awesome drive though.
5	I'm a professional photographer here in Las Vegas and I was recently hired by a corporate client to take photos of their group on a company retreat. Their staff reward was an excursion with World Class Driving and I was hired to take photos of their driving experience through the day. My first impression of their facility and I was quite impressed. Not only is it large and clean but looks like a lot of fun. It's so large that they even have small catered events inside for some of their clients, which is really cool. After a brief orientation, we headed out. The cars were just stunning and very well maintained. I'm a total "car guy" and have shot many exotic cars over the years so I know many of them inside and out. I was shocked at how nicely maintained their cars were from the Ferraris to the Lambos, the Maseratis to the Jags, and even the muscle cars...all looked great. While I didn't drive any myself that day, my client's staff all went nuts for them. Everyone said they drove great and fun was had by all. The staff from WCD was extremely nice and helpful all during the day and made a tour of Lake Mead a really exciting one for sure. I've already nudged my wife that this would be a good birthday gift for me and she's put it on the list.
5	We booked this activity based on Tripadvisor reviews and it exceeded our high expectations. The operators are very friendly and professional. They obviously love high-performance autos and like to share their enthusiasm with others. My son forgot his sunglasses at the hotel and was having a tough time in the Las Vegas afternoon sun. One of our guides noticed his discomfort and let him borrow his Oakley's for the tour.The driving experience was awesome! So much more fun than being on an oval track. Driving two Ferraris and a Lamborghini in an afternoon was much more thrilling (and less expensive) than spending the time in the casino.Thanks for some great memories.
5	We traveled to Vegas to celebrate my husbands 40th birthday. He found this driving experience online while searching for things to do in Vegas. Our plan was to do more than just gamble! Being the car enthusiast that he is this sounded perfect. We traveled the Vegas strip, had the Fremont street experience. Zip lined it!! We also checked out Counts Kustoms garage, also stopped by vampd  (only to find a band he likes playing that night). We checked out the "pawn stars" pawn shop, and a few other well known places but ......Above all what I'm getting at is the world class driving experience was THE BEST thing we could have ever done while we were there!After everything I stated above "our driving experience" is still the topic of discussion with family and friends.  He was elated to drive and I was in awe of all the beautiful scenery. I love the west coast. He's already talking about driving the track all day when he comes back. (Thanks Matt !! Lol) or if your hiring he would like to run the tours !The entire staff was fun,  friendly you really couldn't have asked for a better crew.  Our tour was the last tour of the day.... Added bonus to drive them back to the shop for them. Added. Added bonus . They needed an extra driver to transport a vehicle when the tour was over.  I myself got to drive the dodge red challenger...keeping up with those boys! (I think!)This is definitely one for the books and a must do!!Cannot wait to return."The mudstains"Andy P and Robin D.Highly recommended for All!
5	This was for my girlfriend's birthday and I must say I never been so eager to give a company a tip in my life. We drove a 458, Gallardo and a GTR and I loved all three. We did a spilt, and it was just a unbeatable blast. It's the experience you want and more. The staff is great and Matt chatted with us in the waiting area. Everyone working there was awesome this experience was top notch, we are even talking about doing it again, it was that good!
5	Just finished their 3-car tour and it was phenomenal! Drove a 458 Italia, Lambo & new Nissan GTR. Very organized place and everything was on time. The staff were very courteous and professional. Very easy to talk to and down to earth.The car instructors/tour guides - These guys were amazing! They made the experience what it was. Felt extremely safe seeing the limits of what these cars can do, yet your adrenaline is going off the charts. No worries about ever getting pulled over. Extremely fun experience and plan on doing it again. Hats off to the entire staff and tour guides.
5	I took the package including the 5hr class, road test appointment & vehicle, as well as 5 classes. Best decision ever to go with Fuzion D.S. My instructor was Wilder Calixte and once I understood his teaching method, passing the road test on my first try was easy. I would absolutely recommend him to everyone. Mom took her road test earlier today after 4 classes with him also and passed on her first try. Much appreciated Wilder; couldn't have done it without you.
5	Go for it
