5	Any savy smart travel girls' new hot spot!  I stopped into Vegas' XpresSpa on my way to catching a flight back home to MN.  Excellent customer service and speedy service.  This is my new favorite spot while on the go!  Professional, fun and stress reliever!  I cannot wait to go back!  Props to you guys - job well done!
5	Ah.. What a relief to my poor tired feet. All that clubbing in my best heels.. 3 days in a row.. Vegas does have a downside u know - for my feet at-least! ;) Anyways, my flight was delayed by an hour. My sister and I saw this place and we immediately knew we wanted it :pShe got the express manicure and I decided on the foot massage. It was like 15-20 minutes of heaven in Farrah's expert hands! My feet felt relaxed and wonderful after the massage! My sister also loved her manicure. We came out happy bits :)The bet part is the people here are super friendly, very professional and totally give u ur money's worth! Yayyyyy for this place!
5	If you have a delayed flight or a connect in LAS this is the place to go. After realizing that i wouldn't be able to get my nails orderly before my interview tomorrow, I stopped in and had the xpress manicure. It's $5-10 more than I'd pay back home, but that's airport markup for you. And actually - it's worth it. The service is friendly - chatting when I wanted and also letting me take a little nap. The massage chair is one of the best I've sat in (seriously), and my nails look great. Highly recommend.
5	After a weeklong business conference in Vegas, carrying a heavy shoulder bag all day and walking miles and miles, I was glad to find the XpresSpa. The gentleman who did my 30 minute massage did such a wonderful job of working the knots out of my neck and shoulders. The bonus was that after the massage I was able to wait for my flight in one of their massage recliners which was more comfortable by far than the seats at the gate. This spa leaves you HOPING for a flight delay. I would definitely repeat the experience.
5	Was so happy to find this place as I got off my flight. I didn't have time for a pedicure before I left home and didn't want to pay the outrageous spa prices at my hotel ($90). Waited only 10 minutes and enjoyed the wait in a massage chair. Got a very nice pedicure - nothing fancy like hot stones or anything - for $35. Exactly what I needed!  The place is very clean and instruments were sterile.
2	I was fully intending to give this place a 5 star review after receiving an awesome neck and back massage from Damien, except he massaged me for 30 minutes instead of the requested 20 minutes, I almost missed my flight and had to pay for the 30 minute massage. I would recommend their services, but watch the clock yourself!
5	I had some time to kill before my flight so I headed here and got the express manicure.  The manicures are done from a massaging chair, with the nail tech rolling around to each side to complete the work.  Everyone here was super pleasant including my nail tech who was very friendly and took her time to ensure my manicure was perfect.  Everything was very clean including the tools (opened from a sterilized pouch) and they have a screen with departure information so you can keep an eye on any flight updates.  Afterwards they let me hang out in the chair a while since I didn't have to rush to my flight.  But the best part about the experience is that I have the best looking manicure I've ever gotten, and have received several compliments on it. Highly recommended!
5	Had great customer service from Stephanie!!! She went beyond expectations. Made my visit enjoyable!!!! Thank you!!!!!
5	Had enough time before my flight to get a half our massage. This was actually my second visit here. My first visit was probably a four star, this time definitely a five!Anytime they can almost put me to sleep it's good! Loosened up my neck and shoulders.A little pricey but it is at the airport and was worth every penny! Now I have to make sure not to lose all my money in the casinos and save some for my massage!
4	It was a bit pricy $45 for just a basic mani or pedi, with no discount for the pair. Jonna was very sweet however and did a wonderful job. They has a very limited selection of shellac and a fairly small selection of regular polish. Lots of beige and pinks though.
1	This place is overpriced the management is unprofessional I would suggest you just skip it
