4	PROS Free air check Make appointments online Purchase tires, compare prices, read reviews online Offers free bottled water to waiting customers Sends email reminders of when your tires should be rotatedCONS Busy, even during a weekday around 2 PM On my last visit, a 15-min job took them over an hour b/c they couldn't find the tire ???This is my go-to Discount Tire and I've been here 3+ times for my tires. All my experiences have been good, except for the most recent one. All my tires have been purchased from here w/ a warranty. I haven't had a problem w/ any of the tires they have sold to me. I think the front salesman are knowledge and courteous enough. Highly recommended.
5	I came here because I had a screw stuck in my tire that needed repair. I usually go to the Charleston Store, but this seemed closer at the time. It wasn't busy around the time that I came in, which was an hour close to closing time. Before I even made it to the counter, James, a sales rep introduced himself to me, offered me some complimentary bottled water and self made coffee area, one of those single serving gourmet makers. haha, service was quick indeed. In the end, I had a tire that needed repairing and another worn down one that needed replacing, with the warranty i purchased on the other tire, my new tire plus labor only cost me $146. Not bad. The repaired tire was done at no cost. They gave me a free rotation. Air checks are free !! My I was in the waiting area for no more than 15 minutes and I was out. Great service, I will be back to this location again!!!
5	Okay, it's a car review day for me, as I've attended two shops in so many days and have one more to go. You should know that I abhor cars and believe they should be illegal -- only public transportation. But I have one, of course. Tires are the worst. They're advertised at $X and wind up costing 20 percent more because of all the "stuff" they have to do to put 'em on, and, of course, taxes.I called all over town and got almost the same price for four tires for my Tbird, around $700 out the door. I could buy a helluva bottle of scotch or two for that, but my tires were literally bald, something that was pointed out to me when I had a flat fixed.In any event, every shop I called, including a different Discount Tire than the one I wound up using told me there was only one tire for my car and, as I said, quote the 7 bills. Until I spoke with James at this Discount Tire. He took the time to look it up and said there was an "alternative" tire, something beginning with a K and sounding quite Asian. "I'll do it for $550," he said and I was there in a heartbeat. Almost equally important to me is that I was done in 30 minutes.This shop made it easy for me...I can't vouch for the others, but I can certainly for this one.
3	Got my tires rotated at the West Lake Mead location in Las Vegas, NV this morning, parked in the garage when I got home and drove to Burger King later that evening.  When I went to pay, I reached in my console where I put $17 last night and there already was some cash in there with at least $25 in change, IT WAS GONE! WHILE MY TIRES WERE BEING ROTATED, THEY STOLE THE MONEY OUT OF MY CAR!  I am not seeking reimbursement, but I feel violated that I spent $800 on tires there and then one of the employees steals from me.  I could have got the same tires at Costco for the same price but decided to go with Discount Tire instead....Big Mistake, I will never use Discount Tire again.FOLLOW UP 7-21-2011Discount Tire called me back and offered me my money back that was stolen. I told them I would not accept any money from them but they insisted. I still refused so they told me they would give me 2 new tires for free on my next purchase. I am happy that one of the vice presidents personally called me to make this right. I will definitely give them a second chance and I am happy that they took my complaint seriously.
5	These guys are the best!  I've bought a pair of tires from them after a bad flat, and they did everything to bring me the lowest price with a high-rated Consumer Reports tire.  It was a relaxing denouement after such a lame and high-stress event of blowing out on 95. And last week, when I had a nail go through my back tire, they patched it for free!  The manager just gave me a smile and had them roll the tire off and on within ten minutes.  It was such a nice gesture! They've got me as a customer as long as I'm in town.
4	This is where I am going from now on to get tires. It was fast cheap and the service was good. Plus they have a great deal on covering your tires. Way better than big o tires
4	Free repair for their tire after it got a nail in it- nice! The guys behind the counter were friendly. The waiting area is rather large, and because the wait time can be long (ours was over an hour), it's good that the seating is comfortable. You can have a free bottle of refrigerated water if you like,  and I believe they offer coffee as well.   I don't know what it is about tire places that attract families with small children, but they were here. Luckily, the place is large enough that the little kids running around don't get underfoot.  You don't have to wait here for your car, though- they'll call you when they finish, so you can walk over to Lee's Discount Wines or to the mall down the street until they contact you.
5	I really dont know why I would go anywhere else for tires. I have picked up all my tires on many different vehicles from here. Recently, a family member had a blow out and needed a new tire. $7.50 was th total! Tire purchases come with service plans so all the tires are covered in the event of another blow out. There services is friendly, and they get you out pretty quick. 1 Hour on a busy day...not bad at all.
1	I thought I liked these guys. The first time I was there, I got 2 tires and a patch for $150. Then, one of the tires they gave me was flat. They looked me up in the computer, said I wasn't in there. I will be marching back in with a receipt ASAP to prove to them I was there. Then they charged me $200 for 2 tires! And then the fun started...About 24 hours after they installed the tires, I started hearing a thumping noise coming from one of the new tires. I monitored it for a day or 2, but the tires looked ok. About 3 days later, I couldn't take it anymore because the thumping noise was getting louder, so I bought it back to discount tire to have them look at it. One of their kids took my car for a spin, said it couldn't possibly be the tire, gave me his card and also the card for a local garage.So i bring the car in to European today to have it looked at. I get a call from them- they told me that the guys at discount tire did not tighten the nuts on my wheel enough- I had been riding around with a loose wheel for 4 days. Not only were they loose, the guys at European said that they were so loose that they could tighten the lug nuts with their bare hands. Ridiculous.I could have seriously died because of the shoddy work done by these idiots. I will never go to this place again. If you care about your vehicle and your safety, then you should avoid this place too.
4	Good services and products.   Only one bad experience, but they fixed it.
5	I had gotten a screw in my tire. The place I normally get my car worked on recommended Discount Tire after they noticed I had a screw in my tire! Discount Tire offers a FREE FLAT FIX! They took care of everything quickly and were nothing but nice. Absolutely recommend them!
5	Fixed my tire and no charge:)Flamingo location said we can't fix it!Ty Lake Mead!!!!
5	They took care of all my wifes needs with the tires and the price was the champ. Happy wife happy life. Especially with my kids being in the family car at all times. Thank You Blake. Lake Mead & Tenaya location has great service and best price compared to Tire Works, Superior & Firestone!  Speak with Blake Swain # (702) 636-2160
5	They didn't do my tires--in fact, they don't carry the tires I need. HOWEVER, in terms of customer service?  Blake, the assistant manager, was at the counter when I ran in and asked whose vintage motorcycle was in the parking lot (I have the same one).  He didn't even ask why, he simply smiled, and pulled the tech off the floor to talk to me.  I told the tech I could not find parts for my bike anywhere, and the tech was allowed to take a break to actually get me the numbers of the places to go to get the parts I did need.  The fact that a business a) admits right off they can't help me with my tires and b) then goes over the "average"  line to ensure that I walk out happy with what information they DID have, says volumes.  I will be taking my truck here (which they do have tires for) this fall, just for the great customer service.
1	I tried to do business with this business when I needed four tires for my 2006 Chevy HHR and their bad attitude and surly disposition drove me over to Pep Boys where I gladly spent over $600 on tires that would have cost over $800 at Discount Tire... Stay away from this place, there are far better alternatives.
5	Slow leak on my left rear tire.  They found a nail repaired it and sent me on my way. NO CHARGE. Gotta love that. I've bought many tires there over the years but this was my newest car so I greatly appreciate the A+ service.
5	Came in for a new set of tires at 7:50am.  They were done by 8:10am!  Outstanding service, good price, and I'm a happy customer.  Will definitely return in the future!  I got Yokohama 216/60 16's for my Ford Taurus.
5	I initially came here to deal with a tire recall from Michelin and they were very helpful. When the new tires they installed were not to my liking, Aaron spent quite  bit of time on the phone with Michelin to resolve the problem and the result was replacement tires and I am very happy! Actually, all the employees were friendly and helpful. Also, they supply customers with bottled water or coffee and the restrooms and super clean. A1 service in my book!
5	Showed up 90 minutes before closing and they still took me in.  I had an idea what I was getting before hand using their website.  Ryan helped me out at the counter.  Very courteous and upfront.  I mentioned an issue with one of my wheels and he made a recommendation and gave me several options to get my car safe again.  Picked up a set of 4 tires plus a wheel even though it ran them after closing time.  Actually while waiting they helped several people after closing.  I was expecting them to be turned away but the ones I saw were helped and told they would be taken care of before they closed.  Great guys to get a set of tires from.
5	I couldnt believe it. Patching up any tires was free. And they didnt not try to sell or talked me into having to take out any money. This is gonna be my new tire place hands down.
5	Had a nail in my tire. By checking reviews on Yelp at my area decided to go to Discount Tire. First time and great experience - 30 min, my tire was repaired and it was free. Great experience. Will be back when i need new tires!
4	The people here seem to go out of their way to help you.  I had bent a rim and the tire would not hold full pressure.  They ordered my rim and I paid I think $50 for the rim and $12 for the mount.  I would have given 5 stars just on the service and people, but the first rim was the wrong type.  To their credit they express ordered the correct rim and got it on my car in just a couple days.  At no time did any of them try to upsell me into a new set of tires or custom rims.  Thank you!  I think the people here are honest and you can get good work done at reasonable prices.
5	Came in 20 minutes ago complaining of vibration throughout the car and an intense Right wheel pull on the steering wheel; left in 15 minutes with a new tire and no vibration.  Thanks guys!  * I would highly recommend this location!
5	Good service and very nice employees!
5	This NEEDS to be said although others have already done so.  This is one of the best run most customer service oriented businesses in town.  I've bought sets of tires here before and there's never any hesitation to match prices.  I've stopped in for a free air check and there's never any attempt to upsell and never a hint that I am taking time from their day.  And most recently I had a flat and I really don't know what to say, they fixed it no charge and were HAPPY to be of service.So I don't even consider going anyplace else for tires or tire problems, this is it.  A great place with great people and a real pleasure no matter what your reason for seeing them.
5	This place ROCKS. The team dynamics from the front desk associates to the techs, customer service is beyond A+. With that said, I highly recommend going here. Nathan helped me out. His customer service is on point along with the others of course. Service done 7.2.2014
5	This place is awesome! Checks your air for free & tells you to come back regardless just to be sure. Great customer service! Richard was polite & professional & made me feel good about driving off.
5	This location has the best customer service. I went in because my right rear tire had a slow leak in it. They fixed my leak and rotated my tires within 30 minutes from the time I got there. The employees all had smiles on their faces and great attitudes. I will definitely be making this my go to location from now on.
5	I took my car here the other day when my  tire sensor light activated. They put my car up on the rack, removed and inspected the tire, found nothing wrong, balanced and reinstalled the tire, adjusted the tire pressure on all tires, reset the tire sensor and sent me on my way - no charge! These guys know how to treat their customers!
5	Wonderful customer service. Sweetest guys ever. Had a slow leak in my tire which they repaired for free. It's so nice to go somewhere to deal with such an inconvenience, and be greeted with a smile and treated so nicely. They were extremely busy and I had to wait an hour, but I didn't mind or notice until I was leaving. I will come here for all tire needs.
5	Just dropped in for an air check.  As usual Ryan's crew had me in and out.  (2 days ago).  Now I'm back getting my free tire rotation on a Friday .  Nathan has me in and out within an hour.  Can't beat it.
4	These guys hustle here and bust their butts to get you in and out in as quick of a time as possible. All friendly and professional. The only thing that I was a little exasperated with was the 4 months it took to find a wheel to replace a bent one on my 2003 Mustang. They searched high and low, and finally found one that the center piece would fit into. I almost gave up, but they didn't.I would recommend this location highly to anyone needing tires, wheels, and quick service. I usually make an appointment instead of just walking in.
5	These guys exceed my expectations, every time I drop in!  I have been a loyal customer for 10 years, and I have never had a bad experience.  This location and every other location that I have ever been to has been amazing.  Today these guys raised the bar again!  Thank you!! :)
5	Always terrific service. Free repairs of nail holes! Friendly employees, and match prices of competitors. I highly recommend this Discount Tire!
5	Friendly, honest service - hard to find anywhere servicing a car is involved. Have bought tires for two of my cars here this year and very satisfied with the price, service and overall experience. Mark you calendar for one year to get you free rotation and inspection.
5	I came here with my boyfriend with the intensions of purchasing a set of specific brand tires. They told me that they had tired for sale in the same size and much better quality. They were used for about a month because the previous owner ended up getting new rind thus different size tires. We looked at the used tires and they still had the stubbles on them! We declined at first but Nathan was able to lower the price a bit more because they can't restock used tires. I was able to get a full set of mostly-new tires with insurance for just under $500 for my Lexus!! They also sent me over to brake masters to change out a lag bolt that was cross threaded. I also gave brake masters a 5 star review! In all, I had a really good experience at this discount tire location and the service was great!! They are honest people. They look out for your best interest and the safety of you in your vehicle.
