4	I have lived here for two and a half years.... and I have very few complaints. I love that the community is very dog friendly.... there are two dog parks. There are 4 pools.... each with multiple bar-b-ques for the residents to use. Two work out facilities.The grounds are kept nice, and the whole complex is generally very quiet.It's a good place to call home.... very central to shopping and many restaurants. And it has a great "zip code"!
5	I don't like renting and this place is the best if you cannot buy right now.  Management is always positive and supportive and available.  Any kind of maintenance issue - fixed asap.  I had an AC problem and a roof leak - fixed asap.     I have no complaints at all with the grounds always kept nice; neighbors are great; walls are insulated very well and many units are upgraded in a very nice fashion.Central to everything and not a bad commute either down the 51.Nice place to live and I have renewed my lease so it will be a year for me.
1	Have you ever had an apartment or landlord steal packages from you?Have you ever had an apartment or landlord steal your checking account number?Have you ever had an apartment or landlord refuse to acknowledge your move-out notice?Have you ever had an apartment or landlord continue to charge you for rent months after you have moved out?Have you ever had an apartment of landlord harass you over the phone for rent that you do not owe?If you answered no to any of these questions Dakota can make sure you experience them all.I have never experienced worse treatment as a tenant.
1	At first glance, this is a great community. The dog parks and pools are the best part of this place. And thats where the greatness ends.THE STAFF IS HORRIBLE!!!!! They do not return phone calls, and basically have their heads up their butts, because there is no communication between the corporate office and all their residences...I heard good things about Mark Taylor Residences,which is why we looked at this place, but after living with them for over a year, I WILL NEVER, EVER RECOMMEND LIVING HERE. They overcharge for rent, and dont tell you when your rent is being raised. They also require a 60 day to-vacate notice, not a 30 day, and they dont tell you that either. READ THE FINE PRINT. Otherwise, you will get screwed. Oh, and make sure that you look at an apartment that you would actually be getting, because they show you the better one of the two. We got all old appliances and old carpet, but they showed us a nicer place, saying it was the same rent. When we went to move in, they said "oh you have to pay more for that one you looked at." Freaking idiots. Come to find out, our neighbor paid the same rent and had all those new things that we were excited about in the beginning. When we brought it up to a manager, we didn't receive a call back. Figures...Even after moving out, we are still getting screwed. We had our address changed with the office, and even after going to the office a second time to make sure it was changed, they still didn't do it. My fiance's mail for the last month and a half has been being sent back to the post office, bills included. SO THANK YOU VERY LITTLE MARK TAYLOR RESIDENCES, FOR SCREWING OVER YOUR RESIDENTS! DO NOT MOVE IN HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Don't rent from Dakota / Mark Taylor co.The pool and the area around it are dirty, bathrooms next to pool are rarely cleancross your fingers when requesting maintenance, 50/50 chance it will be fixed on first visit. ac units are old suck electricity big time. windows are all single pane cheap crap.stove and fridge are probably 15 years old . washer / dryer routinely break down then in maybe 3 days if your lucky you will get a used one as a replacement that might last a few weeks if your lucky. repeat maintenance call omg.. There is better places out there keep looking.
5	I've lived here for 1.5 years and am surprised to see anything less than stellar reviews - especially ones posting outlandish claims.  For purposes of this review, I'll focus on my experience since becoming a tenant.  As others have stated, the complex itself is fantastic - great grounds, pools, apartments and location.  However, it is the staff which necessitated I leave a five-star review.  I have been a serial renter and have found the staff at The Dakota to be top notch and 2nd to none.  I have leaned on them heavily and admittedly, have been demanding at times.  Whether it is picking up my weekly deliveries or setting high expectations in terms or my service requests, they have always gone out of their way to accommodate me, show proper urgency and handled with professionalism and a welcoming demeanor.  If you're in the market for a new place and want to know more than what brochures and websites convey, have confidence in the team here.  Cheers -
5	I have been a resident for 1 year and absolutely love this place! The staff is courteous  and prompt with requests. I chose an upgrade 2 bedroom and it is beautiful! As far as the scorpion comments I have seen 2 in the year I have been here. I had a home and no different since we are located in the desert.
3	Great views, quiet neighborhood. However weird unknown fees that bother me. Been here only a couple of months but I love it, it is a little away from downtown Scottsdale.
5	My family and I just relocated here and were having a really hard time finding a place to rent.   I walked into The Dakota and Elizabeth had us approved in a half hour and moving in the next day!  So grateful for all the help they gave us!
3	Just moved my girlfriend in today and I cannot tell you how disappointing this place is. The whole process has been somewhat of a nightmare for her. To make a long story short, the leasing director Beth, seemed to go out our her way to just be difficult and unpleasant. After a  unnecessarily long discussion on move in date and unit, my girlfriend was told she could have a unit that was EXACTLY like the original she had planned to lease, which was EXACTLY like the model that was shown. The only problem is that it isn't. The model had an enclosed patio, a storage closet on the patio, and the water heater is in that outside closet. The apartment she received has a open patio (not walled in), the water heater is in the laundry room, and there is no patio storage. All of these things are important when you are looking to maximize the space you live in. Its just a shame that it appears that Beth just didn't want to make sure that the right thing was done for a long time Mark Taylor resident. In addition to all of this, there were several (about 8 or 9) piles of dog poop laying about that caused the outlying area in front by the car ports to smell very bad.Update!After speaking with property manager, Jennifer Swisher, all of our problems were fixed. She was the most helpful person ever!  Beth could learn a lot from Jennifer.  Jennifer was the answer to my girlfriend's prayers!
1	Worst management company I have ever dealt with. They have an excuse for everything and deliver nothing. They are not truthful people to deal with. I have lived here for year and half and have yet to have good encounter with management.Do not move here!
2	I've lived at Dakota for several years and I'd say overall it's a beautiful community and the location is perfect.  Staff could be a little more pleasant.
5	I love being live here. It is quiet and spacious for parking lot and apartment. When I had trouble, manager tried to taking care of me as much as she can even she received several complaints. Thank you.
1	I lived at Mark Taylor, Dakota Apartments for 2 months.  It was absolute HELL & they steal money inn whatever form possible.  First, they do not allow you to see the apartment you are renting.I was surrounded by smokers & smoke literally gets into neighbors apartments thru vents, pipes, outlets, &, if u dare leave windows open, they also smoke on patios for it to enter your apartment.Mark Taylor "proudly" promoted to me that they are a "smoking" community in response to my email.They required a 60 day notice for me to leave, even tho I had to leave due to respiratory issues from neighbors smoking.I left the place absolutely spotless, &, even so, &, gave them "excessive" deposits for pet fees, they not only would not return my deposits, they asked me to pay them more money for no reason.  If tenants had affordable attorneys, places like Mark Taylor would not be able to get away with the theft they do.They put themselves in a position of power (exactly like the mortgage companies did), requiring 60 day notice, having you sign a 50 page lease, &, not allowing you to see apartment until day of move in (even tho promised to see it many days before).Mark Taylor should be PUT OUT OF BUSINESS FOR THEIR THEFT & abuse in this industry.
