3	Chinese food that delivers in Dowtown Charlotte and is decent. Of course nothing compared to San Francisco but for Charlotte a good value. Tangerine Chicken was really good
5	Best Chinese in town. Quick delivery, great service, great price.
4	Very good, always friendly and great portions
4	Food is cheap.  Service is good. Lots of coupons that make the cheap food cheaper.
5	I've been ordering stuff from them since I moved here from San Francisco, CA.  Their Egg fu Young is unbeatable. I kept going back for more. They are fairly priced and the disposable containers the food came in, are sturdy.  You can tell they their hearts into packing your order. :) Your order comes with fortune cookies and lots of sauces. If you order in the early evening, service is speedy.  One time it was like 10 min and I live in the west outskirt of uptown
3	The Good: Great food! I got the combo Sesame Chicken which was amazing, my date got the General Tso tofu extra spicy and it was the best General tofu we've had in Charlotte!The Bad: I ordered delivery on a Tuesday night and it took 50 minutes to deliver less than a mile (a little slow in my opinion). They forgot my spring rolls (2) and refused to deliver them or make it right! No brown rice is offered, just white or fried.I'll try this place again for delivery, just because the food was really that good but will ALWAYS check my bag before they leave!
4	You can't beat their lunch special.  We walk over from CPCC a lot for lunch & it's cheap, tasty & you get quite a bit of food.  Be warned, if you order the entree dinner size, it's more than enough to feed 2 people!  We made the mistake of ordering 2 dinner sized entrees one night & had enough for 2 more meals.  Their beef & broccoli is delicious!
4	I really liked this place.  I LOVE Chinese food and have had a hard time finding a place I like here.  We were there kind of late on a Friday night and it was pretty dead inside but tons of people coming in to get carry-out orders.  We ordered and the food was there in less then ten minutes.   I was really impressed with the amount of food you received and everything seemed very fresh.  I had plenty for left overs and was impressed with the price and overall service.
5	By far my favorite Chinese food!  Usually get take out from here--I love their fried dumplings and chicken and broccoli.  Convenient location across from CPCC's IT building.  Sometimes parking is kind of an issue during busy periods, but it's worth it.
3	Pretty darn good!Fast delivery (took way less than 45-50 min) although I will say ordering was a bit of a process due to some language barriers (on both ends). TheSesame chicken was fairly crispy as requested and the sauce was not sickeningly sweet thankfully and had a nice flavor! For $8 combo with rice and choice of spring roll or egg roll it was a pretty cheap dinner. The crab rangoon were delicious and perhaps my favorite part of the meal. Not sure what was up with the fried rice without egg or veggies or anything ...I'm not sure if it is a Charlotte thing but the last two places I've gone have been like this. I also wasn't a huge fan of their egg-rolls - since I prefer mine with a little more flavor. I will give it another shot because I thought the chicken sauce was one of the best I've had in a long time.
4	Chinese food is sorta like Mexican food for me.  Kind of hard to screw it up.  That being said I really like Fortune Cookie.  The decor is nothing to write home about and I think they probably do 90% sales from takeout and delivery if I were to guess.  You walk in through the door and the host is there at the register with a headset chatting away with people calling in and placing orders.  This is kind of a hindrance because it's hard to tell if they are talking to you or the person on the phone.I was there for takeout and our food was ready within 10-15 minutes which is pretty good but I overheard the people calling in and being told it was going to be at least 45 minutes....ouch!  If I had one suggestion for the owners it would be to monitor their teenage kid as to make sure when he belches that it can't be heard in the dining room.  Not even kidding when I say it was the loudest burp I've heard in quite some time and the staff didn't even bat an eye.  I guess that's a compliment? Ha...I didn't care...I just giggled and smiled.  I call that character!
4	Definitely NOT a sexy establishment but if what you want is good hot Chinese food you got it!  There are tables and booths - the place kind of looks like a Burger King knock-off.  The have a TV too to watch while you are waiting for your order.  Located right by the Double Door Uptown - this location is super convenient for those of us living or working Uptown.  I got the Mongolian Beef which was the proper amount of spice.  Tender meat and lots of mushrooms and onions.  (You can request white rice also!)  Not too saucy and everything was great the next day.  It was so much food I couldnt finish it!!The boyfriend got the Sesame Chicken and I tried a bite or two of his.  I don't like breaded stuff but it was very tasty.  Both orders together were around $15 bucks and came up super quick!  They deliver too!
4	The girlfriend and I get take out from here often. We have always enjoyed it, I get the Sa-Cha Chicken and its pretty epic. Mildly spicy brown sauce, tons of veggies and chicken. Everything tastes/looks fresh. Word of warning though, I once went on lunch break and ordered when I arrived. I sat there for 30 minutes, so CALL AHEAD if you are doing lunch. It was a disaster, they had two people running the front and back. I felt like transforming into Gordon Ramsay ugh.
4	Hot, fast and very tasty American-style Chinese food.  Big portions and low prices.  I was staying at the Wingate Hotel nearby on a layover and these guys really made my night by delivering a tasty dinner with a smile.  Definitely recommend them.
4	Very good delicious . Nice service fresh ingredients. Fair price. Good portions.Downtown Dan
3	We were looking for some good Chinese food for dinner.  We were hoping to find something in between PF Changs and your neighborhood take-out.  Fortune Cookie was much closer to the latter.  We arrived late on a week night there was only one other table finishing up.  Staff was attentive, food was decent.  DW really liked her garlic chicken, the General Tso's that I ordered was almost too spicy to enjoy.  The restaurant itself is not the nicest, but I'm guessing most of the business this place does is take out.  I sort of wished we would have tried somewhere else.   Live and learn...
1	My family and I ordered take out from here regularly and loved them. However, one time I noticed they had double-charged my credit card. I called them several times about it and was always told to call back another time when their manager was available. Eventually I told them no, that their manager should call me and left them my number. Never got that call, so now I have to find another Chinese take out place. Beware these crooks!
5	Great food. Not too pricey and they're always very quick preparing the order. I've never had them deliver, always carried out.
2	Some of the worst Chinese take out I've had in a long time.  I got the sesame chicken dinner combo. The chicken was overly breaded and very soggy.  The sesame sauce was bright red - as if they put the wrong sauce on my chicken and just threw some sesame seeds on top to make it look correct. I also had asked for brown rice, but they don't carry steamed brown rice.It was very cheap - but I guess you get what you pay for.
4	This is my go-to Chinese takeout joint.  I live around the corner from Ho-Ho Cherry House in Elizabeth, but choose to drive the extra mile or so down the street to come to Fortune Cookie.I have never had a bad experience and have ordered at least 15+ meals from here.  They are quick, always get my order correct, portions are beyond generous (I can get 2 meals out of a dinner combo), prices are very reasonable, and it's always delicious.When I'm craving Chinese, there's no doubt where I'm ordering from.
2	Well what is to be said about this place, for starter in just moving into Charlotte many of my coworkers and friends have recommend this place saying its some of the best Chinese food in town. As a food Connoisseur I enjoy Chinese food a lot but upon having high hope for finding a new place to enjoy some delicious cuisine the lack luster effort has seized to impress my expectations. The quality of the food has ranged from okay to mediocre, while the portions range can differ upon a full meal for an adult to "emergency rations" that in turn causes the meal to become inconsistent and make not worth it's full price. It also seems that the cook doesn't put care into his work often times making the experience to be a let down and it seems to be the same at the all of the locations. My final verdict is poor, this place has a lot of work for improvement.
4	I have never been to the restaurant, but order delivery every 1-2 weeks!  Like any restaurant, some days are better than others.  If ordering spicy, it may vary a bit from day to day.  However, the portions, service, and price can't be beat in the area, at least in delivery food.
4	Fortune Cookie is definitely my spot that I call when I want chinese delivered. So much so that I got a group together for lunch at work and their delivery service was par excellent again!!!
1	I can't comment on the food (you'll read why) but the process of ordering online is horrible.  We placed an order online, knowing there could be up to 60min delivery time, and once I called 90 minutes later they said they didn't receive the order.  I got the confirmation email clearly stating our order, time it was placed, house address, etc.The lady on the phone at first was very helpful and say we wouldn't need to pay.  I reread the order to her and after reciting the order she asked, "How would you like to pay for this?" and followed up with "Why wouldn't you pay for this?"Nice knowin' ya "Fortune Cookie Chinese Restaurant"......see ya never.
4	Nothing special but OHHH SOOO CHEAPP!!! Also, a tad better than a hole in the wall Chinese places. The food? Pretty good, not stellar but for the price you can't beat it! I always get lo-mein, singapore noodle, or beef chow fun.  If you are uptown and want cheap Chinese food that doesn't taste cheap, this is your go to place. However, if you want quality Chinese food, I'd suggest another restaurant on the same block that is much bigger and a better dining experience, Cuisine Malaya. Also, I am not sure why this place is rated 2 dollar signs, I'd say it is more like 1. Also one last tip, I learned that you can request lunch portion on pretty much ANYTHING on their menu, even the chef's special, so make sure you ask for it if you don't want as big of a portion, it'll save you a good $2 or so on each item. Lastly, try their beef chow fun, OMGGG, awesome. Not the best I've ever had but out of all the entrees I tried from this restaurant, they nailed the beef chow fun. Tender beef, well separated noodle, paired with snow peas, a bit of sprouts, carrots and diced mushroom. The veggies are all cooked crunchy. Nicely flavored not too salty, NO sour taste like some take out Chinese places. Worth my $8.95.
4	I have ordered take out twice in the past 6 weeks from this place.Everything was consistent even the second time around.I have ordered beef & broccoli, fried rice, lo mein, general tso's chicken.This isnt gourmet food by any means. Just quick chinese food to satisfy your craving and not have to worry about cooking dinner kinda place.I live in elizabeth and use to get food from ho ho cherry house, but after reading some reviews of people getting sick i didnt want to chance it.So if you want some good chinese food and do not want to get food poisoning then head over to Fortune Cookie.P.S If you are not starving you could even split one of their combination dinner plates between two people. Just ordered a soup to go with it, and add on Lo Mein.
2	The lo mein is so bad. It was spongey and tasted like plastic. The sweet and sour chicken is just fine. It is what I expect from a chinese take out place. (You can sit in) I probably won't be going to this place unless I have limited options approaching 10:00pm. This place could make a killing if it stayed open till 12am-2am on weekends.
3	The food was okay! It's great for what they were charging. I wish they weren't located in such an awkward place though. Due to a road being shut down for construction in Charlotte it was kind of hard to get to it.The rice they gave us with the chicken/cashew and the beef/broccoli combinations weren't good at all, though. The chicken fried rice we ordered on the side was absolutely amazing. It saved the day! Overall, it was an A-OK place for lunch!
4	I like Fortune Cookie for lunch!  Their restaurant may be tiny, but their staff is friendly and the service quick.  My favorite entree is the broccoli with garlic sauce.  The sauce has spicy flavor, and the broccoli is firm and fresh.  Their fried rice is decent, and you can have a choice between their egg roll, which features pork, and their vegetarian spring roll.  A bit disappointing is their sesame tofu, due to the sauce being a bit thin and without the almost candied flavor of other sesame sauces that I have enjoyed.  Still, Fortune Cookie is still a good bet for your money.  I will continue to order my beloved broccoli with garlic sauce.
2	Their prices are reasonable & they deliver. Also the delivery service was quite fast. The food was where things started declining. The spring roll was fine, probably came from a box, but whatever. Crab Rangoon was terrible. For $3.75 I know they'll be using imitation crab..thats not really my beef..they were pretty flavorless except for the onion. Also ordered beef & mixed vegetable, meh. They're certainly generous with their portions. But quality & flavor could seriously improve. Will I order again? Yes, but thats just do to laziness.
4	I absolutely love this place!  I am a huge fan of their quick fast and efficient delivery service.  I usually run the Sesame Chicken with fried rice.  Because there is a delivery minimum, I usually get two smalls. I like that the Sesame Chicken comes with ample sauce and the chicken is usually cooked to my liking.  Although you might be well served to ask for the chicken cooked crispy as my buddy usually does.  The fried rice is always consistent and is the perfect complement to the sweet chicken.  Though I've tasted the egg roll many times, I am not a fan, not because there's anything wrong with them, just because I don't like egg rolls in general.  The delivery component is usually pretty straight as well.  The delivery guy is usually there with my food pipping hot within 10 min of ordering.  There have some serious Jimmy John's speed going on with their delivery.  The delivery driver has always been friendly and polite.  So why am I not giving fortune cookie 5 stars?  The answer is simple, I can't award Fortune Cookie 5 stars, because I've been in the actual establishment within the past month and they had a sanitation rating of 87.  Its low and it scares me.  However, that should tell you how good I think there food is - I gladly continue to frequent this establishment despite this stomach quivering low  sanitation rating.
4	Alot of food, resonably priced great service.  Parking can be a challenge at times.
4	The food was amazing and the service was the same. Nice spot if you are downtown looking for awesome fried rice. I will be back there again real soon.
4	Huge fan of this place!  Everything has great flavor, is hot and fresh.  I always get a different rice--shrimp, beef, house, and veggies with extra egg.  So great to be such a small place and the prices rock as well.  I had the spareribs as well and let me tell y'all something--Fortune Cookie puts an extra spin on them that make them addictive!  Go in for the service, leave out with your food, love your tummy when you get home.  Yes, four stars and I am all over this place whenever I get the hankering for Asian food.  And they are so nice!  When I call to order for carryout they listen well and read back everything.  After two orders, he said 'Blake?'  Yes ma'am!
5	Fortune Cookie is my go-to place for delivery Chinese. I have not found better fast-food Chinese in Charlotte and it is some of the best I have had in my life. The delivery guy and girl are both always extremely friendly. They make it clear that they remember us and appreciate our business.Our go to is the Honey Chicken. It is perfectly crispy and the sauce is delicious. The steamed dumpling appetizer is also great as are the soups (egg drop, hot and sour). The chicken wings are great! I highly recommend those even though they aren't very "Chinese". They have a really easy online ordering website to make it easier than calling in an order. Food always shows up hot!
5	I love this Chinese Food! I have never had anything on the menu that I didn't like. I used to go to there other location in Steele Creek, but when I googled Chinese by my job uptown I was so thrilled to know they had a closer location. I occasionally will order to go, or sit down either way food is always fresh, hot and tasty! General Tso's chicken is phenomenal with vegetable fried rice. Or even the shrimp and broccoli! Prices are reasonable and worth it! Oh and there sweet tea is heavenly!!!
