5	Shout out to all Yelpers who love Chinese food - visit B&D's Kitchen ASAP!I'm sceptic when it comes to Chinese food in Europe, it's never the same as when you are in Asia unfortunately and why I have often avoided it. Until now. Friends persuaded me to go give B&D's Kitchen a go so I did and oh my I wish I had visited earlier.. We started with a selection of homemade dumplings and won tons- both nibblish and tasty (and very hot!) alongside spicy ribs and aromatic duck that was so delicious we could have continued with that all night. But oh no for main courses we had a massive selection of hot sand king prawns, Hakka beef (BOTH A SERIOUS MUST), ginger and spring onion chicken, garlic pak choi (so fresh) accompanied by rice and tasty noodles. So much food, such small tummies... To finish the meal we had refreshing jasmine tea that kept it's delicate flavour and we had kiwi fritters that was so light and delicious we cleared the plate pretty quickly! This is not your usual Chinese restaurant, it's has fresh and flavoursome ingredients, lovely staff, a nice intimate restaurant and quick service. Don't be put off by the slightly random location this is the place to go to for tasty Hong Kong Chinese food in Edinburgh! I am definitely a convert. Go, go, go!
5	I can see why this place has been voted best Chinese in Edinburgh! If it weren't for the fact it's up in Dalry and literally the opposite side of town from me and they don't deliver, I'd probably eat from here once a week.The Hot Sand dishes are amazingly flavourful and Hakka Beef reminds me of something my granny might make. The restaurant itself is teeny tiny, so make sure you book if you want to sit in. BYOB with no corkage, so be sure to bring a bottle if you fancy a drink. They seem to do an amazing takeaway trade, so be prepared to have people milling around your table while you dine if you're sitting in.The 1/2 aromatic duck is delicious and PLENTIFUL as a starter for two people.. (we ended up taking some home to save room for our mains).
