5	I love DrWhite and his staff. Excellent medical care, staff is super friendly and they have excellent follow up. I feel they genuinely care for my babies as much as I do.
5	Wonderful, caring and understanding staff. I brought my dog for the first time and it certainly will not be my last.
5	I rescued a pup the end of September and started coming here after a friend had suggested I use them. When you walk in it doesn't smell which is a plus to me since my old vet smelt terrible. They are super friendly and genuinely care about your animals! After Lexi and I had gone on our first visit they called to check in with me and see how everything was going. My sister and I decided to bring our cat Hula there also and they have helped us get him back on track too after we noticed significant weight-loss and excessive shedding turns out to be a thyroid problem and they have helped us regulate his meds. I think they are very reasonably priced too. You should definately bring your pets here Dr. White is very good!!
5	My sister got a recommendation to bring our puppy here last year after she rescued her and then soon after our senior kitty got sick so we started bringing him there as well.  Well fast forward a year and said kitty is not doing great and we make the awful decision that after 18 years we have to put him down.  Every employee at Cotswold that we dealt with was really great.  Walked us through the process as this was a first for us and just really gave us sense that they felt the pain we were going through in making this decision.  So anyway, the horrible day of arrives and again everyone is amazing and doing their best to make the situation as comfortable as it can be, though let's be real its just awful.  So then last night I am checking the mail and I see a card addressed to me and my sister from the animal hospital.  I open it and its a condolence card, signed with a personal note from each person on the staff telling us how sorry they are for our loss.  I don't know if this is a common practice for vets but I felt this was an amazingly compassionate move.  This is a place where they really care not just for the animals but for the humans and that is just wonderful.Our dog will continue to go there and I will make sure to recommend this place to everybody looking for a truly great animal hospital!
