5	Outstanding in every way.  I am terrified of the dentist and needed to get a lot of work done.  My previous dentist was pushing me in the wrong direction.  I went to Rolfe dentistry to get a second opinion, which they didn't charge me for.  They spent over a hour explaining all the options to me and let me make the best decision for me.  The office staff went through the trouble of quoting me 4 different ways with all the different dental discount plans.  They even kept my 3 year old entertained while I had to have xrays taken.  Dr. Nick made me feel comfortable and had a very personable and approachable demeanor. I can't say enough good things about this office! I am, for the first time in my life, looking forward to the results of the dental work I'm going to have done.
3	I went here before I decided to go to Mexico and have work done. The dentist was nice. The staff was great. Even with insurance, it was pricy. My insurance said that they were a provider, however their billing department told me they weren't. I couldn't afford the work they quoted me, so I had to sit with pain for 2 more weeks before I could head to Mexico. The bonus was if I wanted to pay them that day, and deal with insurance on my own, they would have done the work same day. (2 teeth pulled and 2 posts / crowns). They took X-rays and gave me a plan, I knew my dental issues ahead of time, and they didn't want to do the work I asked for. Which is fine, as I headed down the border and had the work done there. On a side note, what would have cost me close to $30,000 here in the good old USA with dental insurance cost me $2900 total in Mexico.
5	Always looking at how to do the most conservative approach. Very friendly staff, clean, great location.
5	Oustanding!  Apart of my back molar tooth fell off a few years ago, and I was putting off getting t fixed.  Suddenly the tooth began to feel like it was gettng loose.  I called this office-- new patient, they got me in and ready within the hour of my call.  I didn't need a root canal.  :)  I got my crown, and all set within an hour!  Very nice and compassionate staff, AND dentist!  This is my new dental office from here on out for my family and I.Tyra Woods-Wade, Co-Owner Pro Solutions Air Conditioning & Heatingwww.prosolutionsair.com623-229-4389
