4	Love happy hour half price drinks!
4	Fast service, never had a problem.
5	Really nice, modern, clean location. Good service and food. "As good as it gets" for a Sonic.
1	I just made a trip to this location this afternoon. There was 4 cars ahead of me in the drive thru. I placed my order (three drinks) and had to repeat my order three times! Waited about 10 minutes then I finally got to the window. The lady at the window asked if I got a hot dog and drink. I said no and told her what I ordered again. I paid and waited another 10 minutes for my drinks. All the drinks were wrong! After waiting so long I decided to just take what was given to me and left. I got home and noticed that one of the drinks I had gotten wasn't even full and I was only given one straw. I also took a closer look at my receipt and noticed I had gotten charged for a fourth drink! I probably won't go to this location anymore.
1	I've been to this location a few times and they are always slow, but after my last visit I won't ever be going back. I went through the drive-thru at about 8pm, there were 3 cars ahead of me. I placed my order of a combo with a shake, boneless wings a medium shake and a small shake. The car in front of me gets to the window and they literally sat there for 13 minutes, the only item I saw them hand the car was a bag of ice! I finally get to the window, pay, get my order and after about a total of 25 minutes from start to finish, I drive away. I get home and realize they didn't give me the boneless wings and one of the shakes was wrong. So I called them letting them know their mistake and the girl on the phone told me to bring the receipt in and I could either get refunded for the wings and shake or I could get the food. I told her I would be back in the morning to get a refund. Next morning I give them the receipt and explain what happened and the girl working there didn't want to give me a refund, she said I could only get the food. I told her absolutely not, I spoke with an employee on the phone and they told me I could get the money back. Finally, after arguing and getting the manager involved I got my money back. Nobody ever apologized for the incident. Rude and incompetent.
