4	Finally a sushi place just a couple of miles from home!      I've been here countless times, and always leave satisfied.Sushi bar and Teppan tables, great food, decent prices, sometimes so busy that the service is on the slow side, but otherwise a good choice if you like fresh tasty sushi and a full selection of alcohol.   The atmosphere is not sophisticated, but not dumpy either, clean and asian looking.   The clientelle are mainly young to middle-aged couples and families for whom chain restaurants (Mesa is filled with them) are not an option for the night, and who are tired of driving to Scottsdale for anything other than.
5	Got Sushi was great!  The vegetable roll was the best I have ever had - even vs. places I have been to in Hawaii, San Francisco, and LA.  The service was incredibly friendly and was willing to work with us for special requests and requirements.  Tons of vegetarian and drink options!We had a group of 8 and we were seated very quickly and comfortably.
4	Really fun.  I always take people from out of town there.  Always good after the river too.  Sometimes the hostess gives me a hard time about reservations for the Teppan Yaki, but it's worth it...
4	Deliciousness in sushi form.  The Las Vegas roll is made of PURE AWESOME and you'll be doing yourself a disservice by not ordering it.  The staff is very courteous and they've even got edamame and seaweed salad.  As another reviewer said, it's perfect for a post-lake or post-tube session in addition to dinner, where it has a tendency to get crowded on the weekends.Their serving sizes, at least for the sushis, seem to be a bit larger than Ra on Mill Ave, and you don't have pumping house/techno music to deal with -- the atmosphere is very laid back, with sports games on the TeeVees.
2	Ordinary. That's what I think of this place. As well as Colon Cleansing. Yep, that's right. The food is enjoyable - the big slices of eel nigiri really made my night. However, the next day, I wasn't so thrilled. Uhm, yeah. If you have a group, sit at the Teppan tables and watch the show. That's the fun part. You can also order sushi for yourself, in case everyone else wants their food cooked before their eyes. It's great that Mesa has a sushi place - I'll give 'em that. It's a good choice if you're in the area and don't feel like driving into Scottsdale or Phoenix. But, just be careful. Your food may escape your system faster than you can say, "Check, please."
4	I am a fan and Yay! for that. We moved from the Seattle area, where we got fresh uni (sea urchin), periwinkles, a special kind of pepper you can only get in Kyoto...oh, and we've been to Japan twice...should I go on? We're spoiled, in short. We've tried a handful of places and were rightly impressed with Sea Saw, but can't afford that on a regular basis (and it was a little too western for us--better for special occasions). We've tried Got Sushi now a few times, and every time is better than the last. It's nowhere near the caliber of sushi we're used to, but you can tell that they aim high and seek out the best fish they can get their hands on/afford. Our faves last time were a kind of "without rice" roll, spicy tuna roll, maguro and wild salmon. The last time we were there we had "erotic" sake cups...when the glass is filled you can see, you can guess, right? We're careful to drive when we can handle it, but we're also incredibly grateful that this is right in our 'hood, since driving at night and cameras and Sheriff Joe, well, it's all a bit much isn't it?
4	We've eaten at this place three times, and each time the sushi was excellent.  Service is always good and the food is always fresh.
4	I love Got Sushi...it is my go to Sushi place when I'm hankering for something crazy! And the teppan chefs are amazing and entertaining! The key to this place is to ask for stuff not on the menu. The owner makes some amazing rolls that are sure tickle your taste buds. Friendly owners and staff and delicious food!
1	I was looking forward to trying a new sushi place in my hometown of Mesa, Arizona.  Mesa isn't my favorite place to eat...for multiple reasons, but since my parents still live there, I've learned to find some good standards.  I thought I was going to find another in Got Sushi...not the case.The setting was sub par...way sub par.  The service was okay.  The sushi was not good...and I had a pretty ferocious stomach ache afterward and the day after as well...I blame the sauces used, particularly on the J.J. Roll.  It just wasn't good.  Definitely disappointing.  We should have just gone to Red, White, & Brew (a personal favorite) which is right next door.
4	Love is ... a full tummy of sushi.  And I love Got Sushi.
3	A friend of mine had food poisoning from here 4 years ago..but since then I have noticed a great change in their quality. I have come here many times, its great to come for decent priced sushi. Its never too busy and they have a huge menu. They also have teppanyaki grills which is fun with family and friends. Have not had the food though so definitely check it out and let me know what you think!
5	We have sushi once a week and I have found no better in Arizona than Got sushi.  The owner,   Silo is there often and makes sure everything is perfect.   The chefs are masters, the fish is so fresh and the price fair.
5	Hands down my favorite sushi in the Valley! They have some very creative rolls that explode with flavor. Also the wasabi is good which is important...strong and potent. Miso soup = yummy. The Got 1, Love Roll, Offroad roll, and Albacore are my favorites. The JJ and CJ also rock! Always fresh and always good over hundreds of trips! Go here, eat some fish, hang out, drink sake - enjoy
2	Two stars is all I give this place because of service. I really like the sushi here but after more then one really bad experience with the service, my good will has run out. Now I just avoid the place.
4	With some of these reviews for this place I wonder if it is even the same establishment that I'm writing about. My wife and I have stopped in here for lunch/dinner for the past five years or so when we visit her mom in Mesa. In all that time I can't remember ever having bad service, and now that we have our young daughter with us, it's been even better. They are always on top of every need and the food, drinks, and cleaning comes promptly. The price is about what you would expect for any sushi joint and the happy hour is long (11:00 am to 5:00 pm) with a decent menu. The fish has always been surprisingly fresh and the rolls are substantial and flavorful. It's not that creative of a place as far as the menu goes, and the roll selection in particular is kind of limited with way too many rolls having cream cheese, but it provides the staples with high quality. Bottom line: it's a nice go-to spot for convenience and value.
5	Best Service!  We have been here over 15 times and have had great service and incredible sushi.  They are always friendly and go out of their way to be nice to our 3 yr old son.
4	The sushi here is great and I LOVE the cucumber salad. The service is always good and their other entrees aren't bad either. Can be pricey sometimes though for some entrees.
1	1) Worst sushi rolls and tataki  in the valley(ordered the las vegas roll this time)2) Slow service3) Over pricedHappy hours are only from 11 am to 5 pm ( why not just say that they don't have any for employed people)
5	A little pricey but excellent, hands down absolutely incredible. :)
5	Well it is about time I finally get to writing a review for this place. I have been here 10+ times and there is nothing to complain about. I don't eat sushi but my other half loves it... They are so accommodating with the fact that I don't eat sushi. Let's say I only eat shrimp, crab, and lobster. So, Miki (?) the sushi chef comes up with things I do like. She takes the time to listen and come up with some great things for me. Also, I am allergic to soy and she makes adjustments. She makes me a roll with shrimp and cream cheese wrapped in cucumber with sesame seeds. It is delish with no soy sauce. She made a veggie roll with mango, asparagus and cream cheese which was delish. I guess if you have a sushi lover, you must make adjustments and I am thrilled that they have helped me enjoy my meals too. My fav is the beef rice with no soy! Love the garlic in it! Thanks Miki!!!
3	The sushi is "ok", the grill is "ok" but the service is so bad sometimes its comical.Everyone is nice, but they just seem un-coordinated.  Even if you go there when the place is empty, there are strange long wait times between seeing your server.Not a bad place, but definitely not great.
5	I LOVE this place!  My fiance and I go here quite often and thoroughly enjoy the family atmosphere!  The waitresses remember us and often give us little hints or extras to enhance our experience.  The rolls  are always delicious and very creative. The sashimi is always very fresh tasting.  We have not yet sat at a hibachi table, or had any hot food other than the fried rice (which to us, is better than the Chinese food places we've tried). From what I've seen at other sushi restaurants I have been to, the rolls and sashimi are within the same price range. I did a little research after moving here on the lack of fresh seafood in this state.  I discovered it costs quite a bit to get the high quality fresh fish that is best for excellent sushi, because this is not a main shipping city, nor has it been a high volume seafood market until recently.  My fiance and I used to eat fish very regularly in Chicago because of the availability of fresh, not frozen fish and the lower prices of it.  The staff is great!  It is a family run operation, and it is nice to see that, since coming from the Chicago area, that's what most sushi restaurants are.  The big chain restaurants for sushi are often frowned upon.  Luckily, the owner's are originally from up there too!
5	SURPRISE! Yes I had a surprise birthday party here and it was amazing. I pre-ordered food and beer and Saki and then ordered more. They were amazing and couldn't have asked for a better night or better service. There were 14 of us there and the food was raved about-but then there were "regulars" in the group so why wouldn't they like it. We had some non-sushi eaters and they enjoyed shrimp, beef, and chicken. What a great atmosphere for a small gathering and they were awesome!!!
4	I have been here twice. I love that feel of the place. My son thinks it is super cool to have people cook your food in front of you. I always get sushi and love it! It taste fresh and is super yummy. My kids and husband do not eat seafood at all so they get the chicken teriyaki. They love it and it is always such a HUGE portion. I absolutely love their food and friendly staff.
5	Best sushi in Mesa! Service is incredible as is the food...fresh, flavorful and reasonably priced.
5	My most favorite Mesa sushi house.  Everyone there is FANTASTIC!  I've been there a few times and more than willing to drive 1/2 hour there just for their awesome food and service!  LOVE LOVE every roll/plate that they have had thus far! I have brought my son, friends and trying to get together a group of friends to go! Gotta share the addiction of this place! :)
5	I'm not usually a sushi fan, but I loved it here!  Service was ok... but the food was great!!
4	I had been extremely apprehensive to try Got Sushi since it's opening several years ago.  What a mistake not embracing this unassuming sushi restaurant.  My wife and I ate there Saturday night and were blown away by the quality of the sushi.  From the nigiri to the creative rolls, everything tasted super fresh and was meticulously made.  Service is friendly and attentive.  Don't let the un-creative name or it's location within a parking lot of a strip mall deter you from going.  As an added bonus, the prices are extremely reasonable.  I would have expected to pay much more than we did!
5	Loved it. Sit at the grill and order off the the teppenyaki menu and you'll also be entertained by the chef. Everything was cooked to perfection and  seasoned perfectly. Saki was delicious and the service was the perfect mix of attentiveness and allowing you to not feel the staff was hovering. Prices are reasonable and a good ambiance to boot. Excellent for a large group or just a couple to enjoy the food and show.
5	great Happy Hour selection.  Staff very friendly and helpful.  They have Sushi Bar, Teppenyaki, and full service menu from Tables.   The Best is the $5.00 Large Beer and Saki special during Happy Hour...  Make the drive to NE Mesa and enjoy...
3	The sushi and the food are usually pretty good- the prices seem to be a little on the high side.  I am not a have of the service - it can be real slow and sometimes the wait staff are not overly friendly almost leaning toward the rude side.  I will keep going back though because the food is good and it is close to the house.
2	Been here twice, both times the sushi was served chilled and not room temperature.  The food didn't strike me as being overly fresh.  The place had that all too common unappetizing stale fish smell that greets you when you walk in.  The sushi combinations seemed very "80's" and outdated.  On the upside, the service was good, the TVs were playing football.  You could do worse, but you could also do a lot better.
2	Rather pricey. 1 round of drinks and 3 sushi rolls came to over $70 before tax/tip for only two people. Service was just okay. Happy hour ends early, at 5:00 PM.
5	Awesome family restaurant.  Vivian did a great job (as usual) and the sushi, the fried rice, and noodle dishes rocked again.  I'm a regular, coming here about twice a month and am never disappointed.
4	One of my favorite sushi restaurants. They have some great happy hour sushi specials as well. I work close by, which is not good for my wallet :-)
1	Had to send a single star.  Love the sushi been here many times one of the servers if you get her you could be waiting a while and she forgets thing and never remembers.
1	Absolutely the WORST service I have ever experienced. We were sat, waited 20 minutes before ANYONE acknowledged us again. People were coming in left and right, being sat and served. We had 3 kids with us and 4 adults ... I don't understand why you would make children wait that long but that's just me!!! If it weren't for friends, I would have left my gift certificate there and walked out! My husband asks for a coke and the lady says ... okay diet pepsi for you ... come on now!! I have NEVER tipped below 10%, last night was a first!! WILL NEVER eat here again! Which is a shame because their food is not too shabby. I will stick with Zushi!
5	Delicious and very attentive service. Try the Wasabi Roll, it's awesome and so is the C-boy roll. Weekday happy hour from 11am -  5pm!! very good would love to go there again
4	I've never had a bad experience here. The staff are very friendly. The sushi and teppanyaki are respectable. Kids love the teppanyaki show, and dads will like what is at the inside/bottom of the "special" saki glasses ;-)  Domo arigato!
4	Nice place, this one is all about the food (decor is nothing fancy). They have tepanyaki as well as a sushi bar. So it is a great choice for small groups or couples. Their food is wonderful, our orders have always been 100% accurate. They are friendly, but every time we visit we feel rushed, if they would just slow the pace a tad bit they would get a 5 star. On the other hand, if you are in a hurry, that would be a good thing.
3	My husband and I just moved to the area and are trying all of the nearby restaurants for the first time. We came here as we were craving sushi. The rolls were very tasty, but I wasn't a fan of the atmosphere. Because of the tepanyaki tables, the whole place smelled like it. We might go there for tepanyaki, but probably not just for sushi.
5	Some others may be looking for the perfect sushi BAR when it comes to their sushi preferences, however some others, like myself, appreciate having the option of both sushi bar and tepanyaki tables.  Fortunately, Got Sushi provides both.  I have had excellent experiences here with great service from both waitresses and sushi chefs.  The staff has always been friendly, polite, and timely.  It has become the go-to-place when we want sushi, especially after we try other places and are usually disappointed.  Plus, it's right down the street and is reasonably priced unlike other places that are charging for their fancy decor.
4	Every time I come here the food is consistently good.  I've tried all manner of their sushi and have enjoyed it all.  Sometimes I go for sushi and sake bombs, or I go for the tepanyaki experience.They have plenty of seating, a comfortable sushi bar, and four tepanyaki cooking tables.Their tepanyaki is always good, and the chefs recognize me whenever I return.  They  accommodated me - with absolutely no fuss - when I requested an extra egg in my fried rice, no charge.As others have said, the portions are hearty.  The service is usually pretty prompt, but it slows down when very busy for obvious reasons.  The only negative I can think of is it's usually too loud when busy, I wish they had some dividers to absorb some sound - although this is probably inherent of the open design philosophy.The price is also cheaper than a benihanas.  Good food, decent prices, moderate to good service, good location with easy access.  I will continue to return.
5	This sushi place is AMAZING. Great service, prices (Esp. during happy hour), and of course, great food! Seriously the best salmon sashimi in the valley
4	This place is pretty bomb. Good sushi, good beno boxes & Tepanyaki. Long happy hour & adequate pricing. We've only been once, but we'll be back.
5	I love this place!  The atmosphere is not as hip as other sushi places in town but they make it up with great service and great food.   Its also very family friendly, we have been bringing our kids here since they were babies.  If you order saki and ask for the special cups, they will bring you these funny cups that when saki is poured into the them and you look into it you see a naked lady!  Cracks us up!!
3	We've been unfairly using Osaka as a baseline for Sushi and Japanese food in general. This place was ok.
1	This place made me so sick and I have an iron stomach for sushi. The volcano roll was horrible. Tasted like old hot canned tuna fish with mayo and cream cheese. I will never even think about going here again. Also horrible service. I'm not one to write many review but this place should not have as many stars as it does. Do not go here!
1	Lesson learned: if you're going to eat in an establishment called "Got Sushi?," you need to hinge your expectations on that question mark! ;-)  In all seriousness, in a rotten stroke of luck, every roll we tried either tasted spoiled or was completely flavorless. The edamame came with what seemed like half a pound of table salt dumped on top. The servers were weirdly intrusive, asking rude, personal questions and lingering at the table while we tried to eat. Maybe we got them on a bad night, but I'm sorry, ewww and nope. We left most of the food on our plates and two of us ended up getting sick on the little bit food we did eat. This is legitimately one of the worst restaurants I have ever been to--take your $$ and your appetite to RA, Osaka or Red Koi if you're looking for decent sushi in the area.
3	We have been going to got sushi for the last 10 years. The staff is friendly but the atmosphere is starting to look old and worn. They really need to do a remodel. We did Teppan-Yaki but the new Teppan-Yaki chef didn't listen to how we wanted our food cooked. Everything was over.is the food quality I got sushi going downhill? Perhaps
4	We love the shushi and the teppanyaki. Its close to us and the service is good. They get pretty crowded and do take reservations. Would recommend.
5	Got sushi is the best sushi in the valley as far as I am concerned! This is mine and my husbands favorite date night location. Every roll they have is unbelievable. I have tried spicy yellowtail hand rolls all over the valley but  got sushi wins hands-down. The best roll they have is the CJ roll. The servers and the sushi chefs are warm and friendly. They take the time to get to know you.
5	Got Sushi is absolutely my favorite sushi restaurant. I have tried sushi at dozens of other places, yet none compare to Got Sushi's happy hour deals and amazing roll selections. What's especially great is that their happy hour is everyday until 5pm and they have a lot more "fancy" rolls on special than most other places. The service is also top notch!
4	Our first visit with friends who recommended it. Great food and service. I would've given five stars but we felt like we were rushed from the time we sat down. We had a sitter, so we were trying to take our time. The chimichanga roll was really good. We split the shrimp and steak dinner and added an extra soup/salad: miso soup wasn't miso soup, broth with a slice of mushroom and a green onion so that was a bit disappointing cause I love a good miso soup! The salad was good. The chef was funny and great at his job!
4	Got Sushi has some great tepanyaki and sushi. We come here once every so often to get out sushi and tepan fix. The tepan chefs are all very good and funny, and of course, if it's your first time, you're in for a great show. The staff here are all friendly and accommodating. At lunch, if it's not too busy, they'll sometimes chat with you, but not so much as to make your meal uncomfortable. Prices here are pretty typical. They also have a happy hour menu, but I wish it covered a greater variety of sushi.Overall, my family is always satisfied with our visit, and we always come back.
