5	Great service, Great prices!  I'd highly recommend these guys.  Rusty has serviced my doors for years and we've always been very pleased.  Both our commercial and residential locations.
5	Awesome Company!!  Roderick and Rusty are both exceptional, honest and hard working guys!  This is without a question, my Garage Door Company of choice and I refer all my family/friends to them!!
5	We have a home that was built in 89 and starting to really see time taking its toll on the house with needed repairs and replacing appliances in general including the Garage Door. Wednesday Aug 21st, our garage door spring broke. We called Triple B Garage doors because we like to support local small business and have run into Rusty and his family shopping in a local neighborhood grocery store in the past and got to know him better. We felt from our coversations Rusty and Roderick to be down to earth and trustworthy people.Rusty and his son came to our home promptly Thursday morning Aug 22 and fixed our spring. He oiled our rollers and gave his recommendations for other areas of concern he found while fixing our spring. He didn't pressure us or try to have us pay for services we didn't need. We are Very impressed and Happy with Triple B Garage Doors service and expertise. I am excited to Tell Everyone and Recommend this company!
5	If you want your garage door installed and maintained right, call triple B.  I have never met anyone as knowledgeable about garage doors as these guys... wow.  They know what they're talking about and they're good at what they do.
5	These guys know what the heck they aredoing. Not only are they very knowledgable, they are very affordable. They are a family owned and oersted business, and really care about their customers. Should you ever have any garage door needs, call Triple B Garage Doors.
5	I am fortunate, I haven't had to use them but when that time comes, I wouldn't call anyone else.  I have been associated with them for almost 2 years and can attest to their honesty and fairness.  They take the time to find out what is really needed and nothing piled on.  Rusty gave me a quick test to see if my garage door might be under powered or have a problem waiting to happen...so far I'm good.  But when (and that's a when not an if) it happens, they will get the call.  I highly recommend them to anyone in need.
5	I was referred to Rusty and Roderic from a friend. They are not only extremely quick, but incredibly reasonable. I had to repeat the quote to make sure I had it correctly. Love the family business. I would recommend these guys to anyone in a heart beat!!
5	Terrific customer service, this small family owned business is a pleasure to deal with. They quickly responded to my needs, same day service and honest fair pricing. I'll happily recommend them to friends and family. Thanks triple B.
5	Great job.  I hired Triple B to install garage door insulation panels and I couldn't be happier.  They were honest, timely and professional.
5	This is a company I would do business with forever.  It's family owned, with 20+ years of local experience.  Rusty and Roderick Burton bring 110% to their business every day with expert installation, great pricing and an ethical approach to everything they do.  Once you have the pleasure of working with the Burton's you too will be a life long fan.
5	This company installed a garage door opener for me. They were polite, reliable and reasonably priced. I would refer them to anyone needing this type of service.
5	Rusty was back again today to make a simple repair / adjustment to our side gate and our kitchen entryway threshold that had been an issue for over a year!  Honest, reliable and always affordable.  Not just your usual "garage door" guy!  A true jack of all trades!
5	I filled out an on-line request for service on Easter Sunday and got a call back within about 30 minutes!  And, they were willing to come out that day if needed.  It was not emergent, so they came out the following day.  I had new springs within less than an hour and they were VERY reasonable.  I would highly recommend them!
5	Honest, Ethical and Experienced!  Great Service and Price.Came out the same day I called and got the job done right. They even looked at and improved my second garage door for free while they were out there.
5	I don't often give 5 star reviews, but this one earned it.  They responded very quickly to my call, called back when they were going to be running late, showed up on time. Roderick and company changed both springs on my garage door in less than a half hour. They provided an evaluation on the door and opener and said I had a good opener that should last a long time as well as how long I could expect the new springs to last.I would use them again (I have them in my phone) and will certainly recommend them to anyone. The service was great and the price was right. Thanks guys. -Mark
5	Amazing, just amazing! They really go the distance. I had a complex gate install and they knew how to handle every curveball. These guys suffered through incredible heat but still took the extra time to make sure the job was done right, it was fully tested, and they walked me through everything. Awesome! Highly recommended. A++!
5	I had to have my door springs replaced today and called out Triple B. They have great pricing, quick, friendly service and are obviously very good at what they do. I will not hesitate to refer them to friends and family.
5	Great service and great work.  They replaced my garage door/springs and had everything cleaned up in just about an hour total.  The price was reasonable as well.  They even made sure to match my door as well as possible to our other garage door.  Would highly recommend.
5	Got up to go to work and the garage door would only go up half way. Called first thing in the morning and BBB said they could get there about 11 am. Minutes later Eric called and said he was close and he could make in in about 20 minutes. Got there in 15. It only turned out to be an adjustment that took about 2 minutes and he said he couldn't charge me the full service charge just for that, so he said how about 40 bucks and I'll lube, tighten and adjust the door. That worked for me so he did that to the one with the opener and the non-opener single door next to it....  And he showed me how to do it myself regularly to keep it maintained. Now it works quietly and very smoothly. That's the way to do biz. I work at a Very Large Company and I'm spreading the word. BBB is how success stories are made.  Not by some sniveling jerk trying to rip you off at every chance.Good Job
5	I called for help with my garage door last evening about 8pm. By 7am Eric had arrived and repaired it good as new. Eric explained all my options first and let me decide the best one for my situation. Amazing job! Thank you very much.
5	Stumbled upon Triple B Garage Door while researching another company, here on Yelp. So glad I did! Called in the morning, they were out the same afternoon. The price they quoted me over the phone was exactly what I was charged. I will be recommending them to my friends, family and neighbors.
5	Awesome, reliable called after I was stood up twice by A-1. Came right out and fixed my door. Thank you
5	Rusty, the owner, picked up the phone when I called (Sunday) and was over himself personally within 24hrs to address & take care of my garage repair which was replacing 2 broken panels.  After arriving he assessed the damage I had caused.  Rusty and his assistant Roderick asked what had happened and discussed my options.  My options were that he was going to repair the 2 sections/panels out of his own companies pocket.   I was floored.  I asked him why he would consider even doing that and he replied without hesitation, "we stand behind our work and this possibly could have been avoided"  I didn't know people/companies like this still existed.  Now I do.  Knowledgeable, honest, ethical & quality work.  I will definitely be calling this company again based on my 2 experiences so far.
5	Called at 10:45pm, Rusty and his son were out the next day right on time for a 7am appointment. He took the time to show me how and why my door came off the rollers and what they would do to fix it. They even made some adjustments to the tracking to ensure a more proper fit and lengthen the life of the door. He went above and beyond, these Yelp reviews are all right on point. This will be the company I call for life, amazing work, in and out in about 45 minutes. Thanks again!
5	I went to leave for work and one of the garage door springs were broken. I needed a garage door specialist and I was referred to these guys and was told they were the best around. I called them first thing in the morning and was given a quote over the phone. I told them I needed the first available and they were able to schedule me for that same day as they were already going to be in the area that afternoon. Roderick was on time and very professional. He went above and beyond to make sure everything was working correctly and made other adjustments as needed. Overall, the experience exceeded my expectations and the final price was well below their competitors. GIVE THESE GUYS A CALL! You won't be disappointed.
5	I could not be happier, and that is saying something! My car was broken into, and they stole the garage door opener to our Mesa, AZ house. I called, and Rusty told me the first thing I needed to do was deprogram the remote, so that the thief could not use it to access our house. He walked me through this, so that our house would be secure until he could come out the next day. I feel like this went above and beyond what I had expected! He came the next day, on time, and took care of replacing the remotes. I have already recommended him to my daughter and my father, if they need any service, and will continue to refer Triple B to anyone who asks! Thanks so much :)
5	I needed a gate post repaired.  It required grinding, welding and installing the gate.  They were super nice and did a great job and a very reasonable price.  I would definitely recommend them and would certainly use them again.  Thanks!
5	Very professional and great service.  Will use them again in the future.A-1 service. You'll be  happy you called them.
