4	I probably go to this Dollar Tree the most. This one is not so busy- and that's one of the reasons I like going here. The strip mall used to have a Von's for many years until the economy tanked. I always seem to find many deals here- from the 2/$1 greeting cards, coke glasses, to the honey twist pretzels. There's ample selection here. It's a clean, less crowded, well-stocked store lacking the ghetto crowd. There are two things missing but that's why I go the 99 cents only for produce and frozen food.
4	It seems that I should not underestimate the power of a dollar.When I was a little kid, a dollar was "big money" at the time.  A comic book or a good run at the video arcade at least.  These days, even the fast food "dollar value menu" struggles to live up to its namesake, teetering dangerously into the dollar-plus price range.  You can't even buy a 20 oz soda for just a dollar anymore.  Seriously, what good is a dollar anymore?Imagine a place that lives up to its namesake, and provides exactly what it says.You aren't going to find life-changing deals here, but cleaning supplies?  Check.  Toiletries?  Check.  Six pack of water?  Check.  Greeting cards or Halloween items?  Check.  Replacement bulbs for a nightlight?  Check.  Check.  Check.I am starting to use Dollar Tree as my "go to" for little items.  Things that I've always grumbled are overpriced for what it is as regular "discount" shopping centers.  If I need just a little bit of aluminum foil, I can get it here.  For a dollar.Granted, it's not top of the line brands, but there ARE brand names.  They even have a little food shop area.  Again, not everything to fulfill all your hopes and dreams, but quick and easy?  Oh, yeah.I've underestimated Dollar Tree, and I'll admit that.  I think I'm going to be using the place more for basic sundries, and if I need better brand names, I'll go somewhere else.  But if I need cheap and now....Dollar Tree, I think this is the start of a beautiful friendship....
4	I never used to like going to dollar stores, but once Dollar Tree got going, I got hooked.  I love to browse the aisles and see what you can actually get for a dollar.  This chain has expanded many of its existing stores and added refrigerated and frozen foods.  Granted, I don't usually buy the food items, since most of them are brands that I've never heard of.  Tonight I wanted to get a bottle of Palmolive dishwashing liquid.  It may not be a real deal, since it's only a 14 oz. bottle, but that'll last for the next two or three years, so why buy a bigger one - for more money - at the supermarket?  True to form, it wasn't the only thing I ended up getting, but I did make it out alive and having spent only seven bucks.One of the best deals at Dollar Tree is being able to get really nice greeting cards for 50 cents each, though they've recently added a line of even nicer cards for a buck each.  I've been to trade shows that supply the dollar store market and have seen first hand how cheap greeting cards can be for the vendor.  Dollar Tree is still making a tidy profit on that fifty-cent card, but I'm not complaining.  And big, fancy gift shopping bags for a dollar?  Why would anyone buy one anywhere else?Dollar Tree is not franchised; each store is corporate-owned, and that's how they are able to maximize their investment;  most of the items in the store are made specifically for Dollar Tree, aka Greenbrier International.  Good for the consumer in one way, by offering a vast selection of items for a small price.  But the larger price is that what's good for the consumer is bad for our country.  Everything's made in China.  One caveat:  buy your helium balloons somewhere else, unless you don't mind them bursting before you can gift them.  Tempting, but they're really poor quality.
5	Even though I don't live on this side of town, I go out of my way for this location because they have the best selection. The store has always been clean and neat, and the staff is super friendly. There is always an employee greeting me and recommending a product for me to try. Some might find that annoying but I kinda dig it!I complimented the manager on his store and he was pretty happy about it. Shows he takes pride in his job. I would recommend this location to everyone! I have one just minutes from where I live, but I always have to hit this one at least once a month!
5	I really love this store,  they have everything I need and the employees are very friendly and they make sure they always greet you! This store is also always clean when I go. The 99 cent only store is closer to me, but I will take that extra drive just to shop at the dollar tree.
5	Gotta get the deals we need one of theses stores in Hawaii.... Great place to shop
5	Nice dollar tree! I loved it. I need some things for my hotel in Vegas and I was able to find a lot here! This place is huge. I love it. It was clean and very organized.
