2	My husband calls this "male onlys" for the 10 to 1 ratio of guys to girls at this bar.  I call it the "I am way too old to be here because I stopped using a fake ID years ago" bar.  It is a haven for ASU students and graduates that can't give up the college life.  The five dollar big beers and classic movie clips are the two stars for this bar.
4	It is getting to where I actually prefer Tempe bars to Scottsdale bars, though society dictates it should probably be the other way around. I mean, I'm not in school anymore, and I should want to be surrounded by young professionals like myself, right? Wrong. The Maloney's in Tempe is a reminder that even though I am not in college anymore, part of me definitely wishes I was. The scene here reminds me a lot of a bar I used to frequent near my school in California, before people checked your car or designer labels on your clothes like somewhere else I know that rhymes with Nottsdale. It gets a little frattastic at times, but despite that, I usually have a pretty good time here pretending like I'm still in school.
3	Lots of breast to be had here, and no I'm not talking about the sceney ASU bar scene. Do yourself a favor and go to Maloney's Tavern in Tempe for the Fiji Chicken Sandwich.  This was the best pub grub sandwich I have had in the longest time. 10 ounces of juicy blackened chicken breast, avocado, tomatoes, sweet onions on a kaiser roll with monterey jack cheese, sweet jalapeno mayo and fries.  I mean isn't 10 ounces two breasts worth?Granted I've only ever been here for food, not the drinks or the bar scene...but the food (at least the fiji chicken sandwich and fries) is a solid four stars.   Reserving a full four star review when I come here for drinks if I ever do.Btw, watch for shifty and ragged bar stools.  Poked, screws, ripped up stools...you put it together.
2	The food here is only mediocre in my opinion.  I've done the ravioli for lunch.  The service was very, very painfully slow, even though only one other table occupied the restaurant that Thursday afternoon.  The French Fries are very good though, and you get a whole BUCKET when you order 'em, so be prepared to share or take them home with you.  The drink specials are really great, especially the 2-for-1 specials that run on Saturday nights til 11:00PM.  This place gets ridiculously crowded at night, so come early to get a seat.
3	It was a Thursday night during the summer. I was approaching from across the street parking lot because the Maloney's parking lot was so tiny that it was already filled at 10pm. There were a few people waiting in a line to get in, but by the time I approached they were in. Right away I noticed the beer bin girl. Most flock because the girls are usually wearing little clothes and will flirt with you more than a bartender. I however noticed that there was no one there and the bar was packed. I order two beer, which to my other great surprise, were 2 for 1. YES! I am not sure what or when the 2 for one was, but for sure on bottled cheaper domestics and wells. I have no idea when it ended though. Inside was pretty packed and seating was a little difficult. I suggest getting here earlier and staking a claim. There is a very nice outside area too! For my taste, it is a little warm outside and I would have rather been inside, but my evening party wanted to be outside. Defiantly a college crowd, or maybe THE college crowd. If this annoys you I would steer away! It reminded me of my days as an undergraduate. Although, I don't remember hangovers being as bad as my one this morning. It could have also had to do with the pounds of Del Taco that I ate after leaving. Side note - the Del Taco across the street has very late inside dining hours. I would go here again to watch sporting events, maybe eat, and probably visit again late night, but just not go as hard.
1	This location is Closed, drove by yesterday and there is a sign for "Station No 1"
