3	As parks go, this one is ok. There are swings, slides, grass fields for kids to play on. Plus, it has a lake where I've seen people fish and feed ducks and all that. There are a lot of seniors here, though that's probably due in large part to the senior center being here, too. I only ever go to parks to take my dogs on runs. This park is ok for that, though my dogs seem to have learned that the best part about this place is the geese who don't back down from a fight. It's true. One time my large GSD walked up to one to sniff it (he's not at all aggressive, just curious) and the goose started pecking at him and flapping wings and all that. I'm not gonna lie: both of us (me plus the dog) were scared. I may have run back to the car. In any case, this place is cool. It seems to have gotten shadier, as it isn't in the best neighborhood ever. Still, I'll continue coming here with the dogs.
4	Since I've officially decided to set my roots on the planet of Las Vegas, one thing I've learned is that you never take a good pseudo-lake for granted.This park actually has a lot going for it, and is very pretty, with lots of trees and foliage, and ducks roaming the lake area.  It also has a dog run that, while definitely not the best or the largest I've ever seen, is certainly reliable when I want to take the furballs out for some off-leash go-nutsery.The Historical Society is also lodged here, and up until recently, so was the State Museum.  The Museum here was small, but nice, though I imagine it will be really decked out at the Springs Preserve.  The big pull for me, however, is the fact that they have a sizable lake that you can actually fish from, complete with rotating stock of fish per season.  I have no great excuse as to why I haven't tried this out, other than I haven't gotten around to it yet, but I plan to.  Oh, how I plan to.I've heard that this is one of the oldest parks in Vegas, and back in the "glory days" of Vegas, this was THE place to visit, but I can't find a huge amount on this claim past the tiniest bits and pieces.  Being so old, and as per natural tendencies, one would think Vegas would be all for tearing it up and turning it into a parking lot, but they are currently renovating the place.  Someone in higher powers must have had a lapse of insanity, or confused "renovation" with "total destruction" on the update list for the place.But all in all, it's a nice park.  It certainly keeps a nicer element to the neighborhood, and is certainly enjoyable for an outside walk, dogs or not.
5	There will always be a spot in my heart for Lorenzi Park.I was born and raised in Vegas and have such good memories about this park.I remember my Dad taking us there to fish and even making our own poles from fallen tree limbs.I remember during Summer kids camp stopping here on field trip day to have our picnic lunch in the park.I remember countless birthday parties and playing tennis.I remember having my first kiss here.I could go on and on but wont. I just can say that even though the neighborhood has sorta gone down hill from what it used to be I will never pass by it and not have tons of memories flood through my mind :)So glad I stopped to have lunch in the park today!
3	It's not in the best of areas. infact some parts of the park smells like straight piss (excuse my language) but the renovated pond is beautiful ! & completely makes up for it.  I grew up here so I could never truly hate it. Hence the 3 star. It could've been 2.
5	Lorenzi Park us one of the best designed and maintained recreational parks in Vegas.  Softball fields are always in great shape and facilities always clean.
3	Lorenzi Park is an oasis in downtown Las Vegas. It is an urban retreat for human beings and ducks.  I had inclined toward visiting Lorenzi Park from the time of last January. The lake had been closed for refurbishment,  there were other parks to explore; and a year flew by. On a recent Saturday, I set out to explore Lorenzi Park before a night on Fremont Street.  When I spent some time in Lorenzi Park, I saw a rectangular parcel alongside Washington Avenue (between Valley View and Rancho). The man-made lake with the encircling walking paths and Sammy Davis Jr. Plaza took up the west section. Grassy spaces that could use a slight increase in water and a playground took up the central section. Ample parking, tennis courts, and baseball diamonds took up the east section.  In my eyes, the man-made lake is the gem of Lorenzi Park. It featured some of the best natural entertainers in Las Vegas: ducks and geese. I am an admirer of ducks (geese are cool too) and I never get bored watching them play. The water they played in is clean and stocked with fish. When I looked beyond the lake, I saw the Stratosphere clear and tall. When the ducks and geese grew tired of the water, they rested in their own island. The man-made lake reminds me of a smaller version of the one in Sunset Park. I'd see the man-made lake from the vantage point of the encircling concrete pathways. If I were spending hours here, there were a handful of benches to sit and watch the ducks and geese. The lake also included a man-made island for people.  At the time I was walking the concrete walkways, the information kiosks taught me facts about Lorenzi Park history. Some of this knowledge that I want to pass on is that Lorenzi Park was Twin Lakes Lodge, which was a retreat back when much of Vegas was the great outdoors.  The boathouse is not a typical park building. It is a historic building dating back to when this was a lodge. And the man-made lake dates back all the way to 1921. Another thing I want to share with you that the information signs taught me, is that before development Lorenzi Park was contiguous to today's Spring's Preserve. If US 95 was torn apart, Lorenzi Park and Spring's Preserve would be continuous. I feel that I walked out of Lorenzi Park intellectually smarter than I walked in.  I walked into Lorenzi Park street-smart. Owing to the fact that it is an inner-city park and anybody could walk in, I was mindful of my surroundings. If it had been sparsely populated like Charlie Frias Park had been I would of done an abbreviated tour of the park. I felt safe with all the people sharing the park. They included people fishing, moms and children in the playground and people like me walking around. I didn't see anybody enjoying a picnic at a sheltered table overlooking the man-made lake. Looking toward the parking lot, I saw a City Marshal patrolling. The park in general did well on being graffiti and vandalism-free. I only saw a couple of instances of tagging.  By the time I left Lorenzi Park and drove toward Fremont Street, I left with the impression that if you are traveling a distance that Lorenzi Park is a nice spot to combine with another downtown attraction. After reading the information sign, I would recommend combining Lorenzi Park with Springs Preserve. Both attractions together are an eventful way to spend time in an oasis that is a Las Vegas before major development. Whether you combine Lorenzi Park with another downtown attraction or by itself, it lives up to being a decent urban retreat.
5	Lorenzi Park is beautifully landscaped, seemingly designed for picturesque views. There are individual pavilions for group BBQs, strategically placed benches, a variety of trees providing shade and attracting birds, a large body of water (home to little fish) with a pretty bridge and concrete stairs - you can tell a lot of work went into this place. While I was there for the Filipino Festival (a nice, gated space with a stage and kiosk area), I actually enjoyed walking the park even more than hanging out at the festival.  This place appears great for families, as children have play areas and a water spray section perfect for cooling off. Walkers have plenty of paths, and bird lovers - especially those who like geese and ducks- have plenty to see. People wanting to study, read and enjoy an outdoor picnic can find spots here.I saw Marshall's at the place- just one walking, and one official car, which was nice to see without giving the place a scary undertone. My only concern would be little ones falling into the water. There were plenty of children when I was there but I would be very mindful since water access is easy.
3	Nice park.....but not enough shades to watch the childrens... water park area
