2	This place is promoted as a 3-star hotel.  All hotels are not the same.  All cities are not the same.  When traveling from one region of the country into another adjust your expectations accordingly.  If you are coming from the NY or SF/LA area into Charlotte then your expectations for a 3 star hotel according to the ratings need to be adjusted.  This hotel is billed on-line as a 3 star hotel.  It is a 2 star hotel at best.The staff is friendly, helpful and very accommodating.  The hotel itself is in need of a serious upgrade to make it to 3 stars.  The walls in the room show signs of serious water damage with cracks in the plaster and peeling paint and wallpaper.  The TV is outdated and old.  The number of channels is limited.  The plumbing system needs some serious attention.  There were two temperatures...freezing cold or scalding hot.  The medium temperature selection resulted in a water flow akin to a trickle.  With other hotels in the same 3-star category such as the Hilton, Hyatt and other top names downtown, don't get suckered into this location by the airport.
2	I recently stayed here through Priceline. I was pretty disappointed. It was overall not nearly as clean as you'd expect it and furthermore what appeared to be the manager at the front desk was berating a woman who appeared to be a new hire in front of the customers. I felt terrible for this woman. Just a terrible presentation overall and if I had a choice, I wouldn't go back.
1	This place is a zero-star dive. In particular, do not eat dinner in the depressing restaurant.
1	DRAT.  I booked this three star hotel via hotwire Im not an expert on the 5 star rating scale, but I thought too highly of a three star rating. Not clean, all kinds of shiz on the hallway floors, Ex. sunflower seeds, paper, in the corners you can see dirt & debre build up.  The main lobby is promising, to suck you in, but the plaster in the walls is cracked, room doors have been painted over 755778738688796 times.  My big window looks like someone stuck their big nasty greesy forehead and smeared it throughly.  Their was a big private hair atop my toilet paper roll.  On Hotwire I got this room for $68 if you were to walk in the rate is $99.  So thank goodness I got it for the cheaper price!  Better than my last hotel stay @ La Quinta but still gross
2	Delay after delay with USAirways and I ended up missing my connecting flight back to Florida. The airline put me up in this hotel for the night.The keys weren't working so I had to be escorted up to my room. Anytime I wanted to leave and go back in my room, I'd have to go downstairs and have someone open the door. The hotel itself seems pretty old, mildew smells down the halls, and not even close to being a '3-star'. The room was somewhat large and the bathroom was decent (bumped up to a two star review). The bed was a king and decent. A/C unit was very loud. The airline told me breakfast was free so in the morning I went down to the restaurant. I sat, read the paper and a waitress asked if I wanted a drink. Just water. I then go up and there's a couple old pastries, fruit, and yogurt. That was it. I take a couple things since I'm hungry and don't want to pay airport prices. The waitress comes and puts a bill on my table for $7!!! For old looking sad food I didn't even want to eat. I mentioned that the airline said breakfast was free, and she said, 'oh, that's in room ___'. So I go to the room, which isn't even near the lobby, and find.....the same old pastries, fruit and yogurt.There are a couple nicer options nearby that probably don't cost much more.
1	The place reminds me a lot of my freshman dorm. Peeling walls, fluorescent lighting flickering in the elevator and strange humid smells. Although my bed and bathroom were pretty clean, and the staff were really great, the hotel itself is pretty old and resembles a trucker motel. Way overpriced for what it is.
1	This hotel is stuck in the middle of nowhere. The restaurant staff is relatively friendly, but the space/decor is "budget" at best.We had several problems with the Receptionists. Problems include: not being able to book a taxi, problems over room check-in/double booking a our room, and being rude over the phone.Also, our Damn Room Key would never work!?! I had to walk up and down every time to get it to work again..My best advice, pay a little extra money and book a hotel in Uptown Charlotte. This place doesn't deserve the business.
1	Nice staff.Dirty. There was fecal matter on my shower curtin. Cleanliness is not a priority here.  Hotwire is the reason for all my problems. I will never do name your own price.
3	Louisheta (spelling, ugh, I think I was close!) and The Holiday Inn manager, Nico, were AMAZING.  All the way from the airport to The Holiday Inn, we talked about teachers, how they should be higher on the pay scale, their lack of recognition of being the real heroes behind the future of tomorrow, and she was amazing and wonderful - and very accommodating.  Holiday Inn was better thanks to their help in obtaining a cab as well as offering anything needed - they made the trip and overnight experience better than 100% - thank you so much for putting yourself out not only to pick me up, as she also worked the front desk to check me in, but again, making the name as far as service for Holiday Inn appear better than the name of Hilton and Sheraton for a night.yes the decor is older, and yes the fashion is not in competition with newer facilities, yet, the desk clerk and staff make an effort to equal that in service.  No problems with cleanliness at all.  Worth the 50.00 and unless you are living in the hotel half the time, or have issues with cleanliness, (I did not) this was a great option, only 1 mile from the airport and a taxi easy to get to to the main center).
3	They're currently undergoing massive renovations throughout the entire hotel. I specifically asked for a room on the fourth floor which is the top floor and I always ask for the top floor. Lucky for me, the construction was on the second floor and only the second floor (they had just finished construction on the fourth floor), yet the room is a bit cramped and I would hear noise from both neighbors all through the night. Thank goodness for headphones! That's the only thing that was keeping me from rating this place four stars.  I would say that the room was clean and the front desk person handling my room was extremely nice. She could tell that I was stressed out about making the 12 PM check out so I told her why and she gave me an extra hour to get my affairs in order. If only every customer service agent was this intuitive!
2	We stayed a week for a conference.  The hotel is under renovation.  The rooms are really nice.  The bathrooms are a little small.  We were told on check in that there was free continental breakfast on Tuesday  through Fridays.  That was weird in itself shouldn't it be everyday?  The front desk person went on to say that we needed vouchers but we would need to wait until the next day to get it.  Red flag!!! The next day around noon we go down stairs only to be told that we didn't need vouchers.  So my mom goes down on wed. To eat only to be told afterwards that there was a $9.99 fee.  She was able to eat without being charged...but management needs to get it together.  For the record...its not worth $9.99.  I hate having to beg for towels....and please dont give me a towel with someone else's make up.  You can see it just like i can when you are replacing them.  The Holiday Inn Brand shouldn't be abused just because there is a conference in town.  I forgot to mention that we were also charged for a suite when there are no suites in the hotel.  They did take care of that after a day of run around...my advice stay at another holiday inn until they get it together!!!!!
4	The staff are extremely friendly and courteous. The hotel is still going through massive renovations. Room on third floor was nice.
