4	Consistently follows the Ruby Tuesday's formula, it is exactly the same as every other one I have ever been to, right down to the semi-crunchy pumpernickel croutons on the salad bar.Massive selection of their burgers on the high-gloss menus, all come with their overly salted "bottomless fries." They have a wide selection of other items, including salads and entrees, but the emphasis here is on the burgers.I really like Ruby's for the salad bar, which I think hasn't changed in ten years. It's the same stuff at every restaurant, not that it isn't a fresh alternative to the usual cole slaw side items at other places.Drinks are refillable and I really liked my Ruby's Tea. The wait staff always seems so dang young, though that could just be me. ;-)It's casual dining with a very full selection at the bar. Would I come here again? Sure. Consistency is nice sometimes. I can't find a thing wrong to say about the place, but it's just not a "five stars" restaurant.
4	While I've grown up alot since I worked at Ruby Tuesdays back in college, so had the establishment. No more is the place decked out in local and pop culture memorabilia and Tiffany lamps, it's a little more chic than it used to be....for a chain restaurant at least. It's been a long while since I've been to Ruby Tuesday but I recently signed up for their email list which opens the doors to many perks such as BOGO coupons emailed to you, special offers and a birthday meal. I like birthdays. I like meals. When I saw I had a coupon for a free handcrafted burger soon to expire, I know where I was going for dinner! The place is a little obscure in location-right in the middle of a business park off Arrowood and 77. You can see it easily from 77 but when I exited on Arrowood, a bit confused where to turn so I follow the red. I turned into Oak Hill Business Park then made an immediate right and there I was. It was a little slow for a Thursday night but what can you expect on a chilly night. I was dining solo so opted for the bar where I could watch hockey or hoops on one of their many tv's and was soon greeted by the bartender. She told me the selection of draft beers they have on hand (about six to seven with two types of Sam Adams, wooooo!) and was quick with a pour. I was the only chick in the bar and felt like the only one not there on business since there are three or four hotels within a 1/2 mile radius. Even though I was getting a burger of sorts, I still scoured the menu and saw they have Sunday brunch served until 3PM, news to me, will have to check out! I got some complimentary biscuits while waiting for my food--think smaller, less cheesy knock off of Red Lobster's cheesy biscuits. Tasty and just enough to hold me over until my meal.I got the Alpine Swiss Burger which came out in no time along with their endless fries. The fries were crispy, fried, salty goodness. My only complaint is now they they are a tad more chic, the ketchup is served in ramekins and not a bottle in sight. I put ketchup on everything so I like to have a bottle within reaching distance but they were happy to offer me more when they saw I was running low. And the burger? Succulent with just enough toppings to make it fun yet not fall apart. I think the menu said it was 8 oz and it was a lot better than I expected. I had a pleasant experience and look forward to going more now that I'm getting coupons on the regular. I'm not really big into chain restaurants but if you can offer me values for giving you business, I will be loyal. I've got my eye on the salad bar with the sneeze guard for my next visit!
5	Very good steak!  I guess I should try something different sometime. Very friendly and helpful waitress, and fast service.  Maybe I'll find a good Mexican food place up here.
4	It's basically TGIF, but whatever.  The food was great, and the bartenders were awesome.  Nice big flat screens to watch Monday Night Football was a huge plus.  The flat scrizzies alone added an extra star.
5	Dinner here was very good.  Service was excellent and the salad bar was well stocked.
4	Anywhere with a good drink special is OK in my book.I like the salad bar. Always stocked.the bar has a bar specialDrinks/cocktails 5 bucksA dollar more adds "premium"Friendly Ppl..... Sam Adams also.I enjoyed myself so much (with Sam Adams)  I asked the waitress if I cld have the glass (a special Sam Adams glass) ... she laughed and spoke to her manager.  Came back to the table with a New glass & tld me it wld be extra 5 bucks.... can't beat that.I collect pint glasses so it was all gooooooood.
4	Lunch was really good.Salad bar cold and fresh. Mini burgers decent. Service excellent.
4	Great salad bar and selection. To-die-for Garlic-cheese biscuits! Great baked potatoes and mixed vegetable platter. Grilled salmon was a little over-cooked but was graciously taken back and replaced and the second try was very good although only a 7 for flavor on a scale of 1-10. Our waitress, Tae, was a delight, an excellent server and very conscientious. This was an excellent meal and we'd recommend coming here. Nice atmosphere! It's right across the street from the Hampton Inn where we stayed.
2	Ive eaten here a couple times before and sometimes it is good and other times it is so so. The last time I went was CIAA weekend, the waitress was very nice and helpful but the food was not very good. The portions were small and the food had no taste. The best part was the salad bar.
3	Stopped in here with a party of 10 after spending all day racing around Carowinds. They had a table setup in about 10 min, which is pretty decent with it being a Friday night. Our server was very attentive and actually seemed to care about his job. We seemed to sit there for about 45 min waiting for our food but the staff came by several times and appologized for the wait. The manager offered up some complimentary goodies. Once the food arrived all was forgiven, at least by me. I ordered the Ribeye. I have to say, I have paid as much as $60 for a ribeye before and this one was pretty close to same taste. Obviously it wasn't a 20oz cut or anything huge but it was good and cooked properly, Medium! My wife on the other hand did not have such great luck with her steak. She ordered some Asiago Sirloin or something like that, medium well, and received an unevenly cooked hunk of cheese covered steer. Needless to say she was not happy. Management handled the situation again and all was good. I would eat here again and give them a chance to show me how they operate with a smaller party.
4	So this place is my favorite place for salad bar take-out. Honestly, I have not sat down at this restaurant for years, but when I want a giant salad (with those to die for pumpernickel croutons), this is where I head. You do have to pay for the while entree so it's about 10 bux but that means you can load up on as much as you can fit in the box! Fresh veggies, pasta salad, potato salad and usually fruit salad. I do recall that the last time I went there NOT for a salad, I got fish and the cauliflower mash and that was delish.
2	Salad bar at 3pm was sad and wilted. The carrots were slimy and disgusting enough to scrap the salad and make a new one.  Decent service and meal of crab cake (dry) and green beans (overcooked). Generic, uninspired atmosphere. Sweet tea was syrupy.  Wont be returning.
3	Can't really say anything good or bad about the place.  I was able to find a fairly healthy alternative which is a good thing.  The service was good and they were friendly.  Was here with coworkers and never would have chosen this place if it were up to me.  I would rather have something local when I am out of town.  North Carolina should have some great bbq or anything but the place was chosen for it's location.
3	This review is for the Arrowood location.GoodBiscuits are delicious Seated quickly with large partySalad bar was well stockedWaitress made new tea once requestedBadScore was a 90...didn't see this until our way out. Gross!!1st batch of tea was terrible. We paid 7.50 for 3...ridiculousOur waitress had too many tables so I do not feel we were adequately taken care ofThe manager did not pay the same attention or service to our table as he did ours...this bothered me more than anything. I felt somewhat discriminated against.Not a great experience. Definitely will not be back to this location!!!
3	A co-worker and I went here yesterday for lunch on a business trip to Charlotte. Our server Kelly was stingy with the tiny biscuits they serve and only brought us 2 biscuits to share for 2 people.  The biscuits are good but are literally the size of one bite. Other servers were serving 2 biscuits per person to their tables. I had the petite shrimp plate with asparagus and mashed potatoes. The food was good but I felt a little ripped off about being charged extra for asparagus since the plate does come with 2 sides. There were maybe 5 small spears of asparagus on my plate. Our drinks were refilled promptly and that was good. Oh, I also think that $3.50 is too much to pay for a raspberry lemonade.
2	Well, service is mediocre and food was cold. Won't be back here anytime soon.Visiting a known chain restaurant like Ruby Tuesday's, you know what your going to get and you know the standard. Having worked in a similar chain I know how these restaurants are ran. When service is not so great and food is not very good then I blame management.Ques o for an appetizer was not bad as long as you don't mind old, stale, and chewy chips. That is just gross. The salad bar is always good at Ruby's right? Well yes, as long as the employee is continuously filling the empties. Only here they were filling up half empties and leaving items such as cheese gone. Salmon and mash potatoes are all me! Only the mash was cold. Layer of dust on the lampshades just grossed me out.I usually like a Ruby Tuesday's meal, so I was very disaponted at this location. I will not be back here anytime soon.
3	Every once in a while I crave Ruby Tuesday's salad bar - not sure why as I am not a fan of anything that requires a sneeze-guard, so I get there early before grubby paws line up.  Conveniently located just off of 77 on Arrowood, you can quickly get in and out of the place if needed.  I arrived right at 11:30 to a basically empty restaurant.  The friendly hostess asked if I wanted to sit at the bar, I said that was fine as long as it wasn't bar stool seating. I was seated in a booth at the back of the bar that was right next to the effin' server/take out door.  I was professionally dressed and took a shower, so I don't know why I was relegated to seating hell.  There's a glass door, so I was blinded by the light (wrapped up like a deuce...), the young lady that was waiting on me attempted to pull the rickety shade down to block the sunlight, but then the manager took care of it.  Which solved the light problem, but every time the door was opened (8 times while I was sitting there), I got a shot of the sun and a gust of wind that blew everything not weighted down on my table around.  The seating... sucked.  But the booth was comfy.  The salad bar today was meh.  The greens (they have spinach, an iceberg mix, a springier greens mix and then a mix of everything) were looking a little ragged.  There was a lot of the tough white part of the iceberg lettuce in the mix.  Peas and ham were sitting on a liquid of some sort that wasn't terribly appetizing.  But, there is a huge selection of items on the bar, and typically they replenish it pretty frequently.  Lettuces, cucumbers, green peppers, zucchini, tomatoes, carrots, edamame, peas, broccoli, some mayo based salads, many different kinds of dressings, bacon, croutons, diced egg, etc.  I piled up my plate and it was good - although drenching things in blue cheese dressing always makes them a little better.Service was fine and friendly.  She brought me a couple of their garlic cheese biscuits, which are small but quite tasty.  I didn't require much attention today, but she did a good job.  $7.99 for the salad bar is a good price.  I made two trips and feel I got my money's worth.
3	After raving about my last visit to Ruby's I was overly excited when my girlfriends said they wanted to have dinner here. However, this visit just did not wow me.We arrived a little after 6:30 the hostess was able to get us to a booth quickly. However, we waited....and waited until our waitress finally came over and the first thing she says to us is "looks like you're stuck with me tonight" Now, I don't know much about being a waitress (ok..ok I don't know anything about it) but I'm sure there's a better intro for your customers...or maybe that's just the new "thing" and I'm just not hip to it.Anywhoo on to my meal:Pomegranate Lemonade- I was a bit turned off by the price ($3.49) a glass BUT they do offer refills and each one is freshly made. This drink is freaking delicious. Worth every penny, not too sweet or sour, just the right amount of pomegranate juice....Soooooo good! Get it! Get it! Get it! Salad Bar- Meh. It needed to be replenished and there were toppings dropped all around the containers, some of the lettuce had browned and the worse part was that my favorite croutons were stale. Hopefully, this was just a "wrong time...wrong day" experience. Spicy Fish Tacos- Welp..the presentation was lacking. But the tacos tasted great. The fish was very well seasoned, with lettuce and cheese with a delicious spicy ranch sauce. Overall, this visit was just okay. Didn't knock my socks off but I really enjoyed my lemonade and the food was good.So I'll make sure to give them another shot.
1	I'm not sure if it's a new company standard, or just this location, but I'm never retuning.Rude service, food was wrong, quantity dropped, quality gone.I know it sounds ghetto, but this place was my favorite place for steak, no longer.
2	Service was poor and lunch took over an hour for two people.
3	Good drink prices and walkable from hotel. We didnt eat.  can only rate on drinks. Service was just okay. We broke our no chain rule to avoid drinking and driving.  Ruby Tuesday closed early enough so we  were not hungover at work the next day!
2	This is usually a good spot for good food and reliable service. Tonight everything was dirty..Napkins, silverware, plates and glasses..Hopefully they will correct this.
2	Always such a long wait for your food.  I tried several all times to go for lunch and you end up getting food late and it's cold.
4	I stopped in with 3 coworkers for a round of drinks and some food. The atmosphere was ok and we were seated relatively quickly in the bar area. We did, however, have to wait a little bit for our drinks to be brought to us (even though we could see them sitting on the bar). Our food only took about 10 minutes to arrive. So overall, the experience was not bad! I will be back the next time I'm in the area on business.
5	I had a Hickory Bourbon glazed pork chop. It was delicious!!!    The service was fantastic as well. Only thing - pork choices far fewer than chicken or steak. But other than that, no complaints
3	Great salad bar as usual I ordered the chicken tortilla soup and there was not one shred of chicken in it I would recommend staying away from the chicken tortilla soup.
