5	One of my fav. nightclubs in the city...I've been on a Friday, Saturday and Sunday, each at least several times, and I'm never disappointed.The music's always great, the people and scene are always great, and it's just easy to have a good time here.I believe you have to be no younger than 25 to get in and they have a certain dress code (like no sneakers), so you always get a very mature and laidback (but still fun) crowd.I think the biggest negative about the place, besides it not being close enough to my place (I live in the University/Northeast area), is they have a supposed $20 min. if you're using a debit/credit card at the bar.  Every time I've used my debit card, I've just honored that rule, but I did have a friend who said she was able to spend less than $20 with her card, so...I'm not sure exactly how strictly it's enforced.Also, they do have an ATM near the bar, which is great, but it of course charges a fee, which isn't.  My suggestion if you're trying to drink? Just be sure to bring cash.  Luckily, they do accept debt/credit cards at the front - to get in - with no problem.  They also have a coat check (for $3), which is cool.Oh yeah, last thing - they have something called Jazzy Sundays EVERY Sunday - where it's just that...a lot of good live jazz.  I've been twice - once on a regular night and once on Halloween this year - and both were really great and live, especially if you love jazz.  It's also cool that they have something going on - and something actually really good - on a Sunday night, since you don't really get that at too many places (at least in N.C.).I'm 26, by the way, if that gives my review thus far any further perspective, but I'd also like to note that between my 28-year-old boyfriend as well as several other people I've known ranging from our age to their mid-30s, I have yet to hear ANYthing bad about this place.  Everyone I ever talk to about it always say they really like it and the kind of sentiment like "you can't go wrong with Tempo."  Great place.
3	I'm going to be generous and give this spot three stars.  It wasn't bad but then again there was nothing great about it.  Not to be snobbish but Charlotte is kind of a "little big city" so I know things that they might find popping others might find blase.I went on a Saturday with a group.  We had reserves seats and for some reason I was expecting there to be some bullshit at the door like quite a few clubs do...but there was none.  We just had to sign in.  That's a plus.  it's an older crowd which is a good thing for mature people.  Nobody wants to party with people who can't pull up their pants.  I know I don't. It wasn't packed.  The DJ in my humble opinion sucked.  His selection was all over the place.  The transitions were horrible cuz he wasn't blending.  He played the songs way too long.  I was waiting for him to slip up and have one fade out.  The whole thing was f*cking up my vibe.  It was like stop and go traffic.  One good song...one bad...two good...three bad.  Oh and the parking lot was full so we had to park across the street in this dirt lot.  They had golf carts to help you to the door but ladies if you're wearing heels just beware.
1	Club Tempo has started a new weekly event called Jazzy Sundays. Doors open at 8pm where they have complimentary stepping classes. Afterward ,they have a live band. The format is creative and allows for a bit of variety. However, unfortunately, as is the case with a few minority owned establishments, things are not what they first appear to be.  The first negative: They sell alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages but no food. In my opinion, an establishment catering themselves to adults over the age of 30 should be able to provide more than simply alcoholic beverages; from an entertainment and safety standpoint. Tempo does bring out a selection of 4 hot food choices around 9:30, which they liberally term a buffet. Perhaps this is their attempt to compensate for their lack of a kitchen.  The food does not stick around long and lasts for about 30 minutes before it is eaten depending on the number of attendees that evening. 2nd, in order to use a credit card one has to spend over $20. They have an ATM machine you can use that will gladly charge you a service fee if you don't carry cash around like most business professionals. 3rd, the most important criteria I have when patronizing an establishment is the quality of their customer service. This is where Tempo severely under-shines.  They underwhelm in making sure their guests are comfortable. The use of polite terms like excuse me, i apologize, sir or what have you appears to be a foreign concept.  Tempo caters toward bothers and sisters and are owned by brothers. You would think they would provide equivalent or better hospitality than their caucasion/white counterparts? This is not the case. Tempo is one of those establishments were they feel they are doing you a favor, when in realty they are providing a service. Bad news travels much further than good news and Tempo's ownership would be best served by taking heed of this.In summary, there are much better and friendly establishments to frequent than tempo.
