5	Now that I've been married for about 6 months, I finally remembered to review Piece of Cake Desserts. This business was, by far, one of the most professional and easy-to-deal-with establishments I worked with while wedding planning. My husband and I started off with tastings at a few bakeries, but we found most of be either bland, dry or even worse, really really dense and heavy. Ick. Amy's cakes were moist and fluffy and the flavors were creative and tasty. We tried a Kahlua-icing that we almost chose -- but then she indicated she was really open to trying new flavors.I'd always wanted a pumpkin-flavored cake based off my mother's old recipe for pumpkin and dark-chocolate-chip cookies (don't laugh, they're delicious). Amy gladly did that, and added little chocolate pieces into it. It was delicious. I've never seen wedding guests actually go back for second helpings of cake before, but they did at my wedding. And on top of all that, she decorated the cake beautifully. I gave her a photograph of the henna designs that I had on my hands during our wedding ceremony in India several months earlier. Based on that, she did an amazing job replicating the exact designs onto the cake. And I didn't even have to have that horrible fondant icing like some other bakers insist on -- she was able to do it on a buttercream.Her prices are well below many other wedding cake bakers in the Valley. I would gladly recommend this place to anyone who needs a wedding, birthday or any other cake!
5	I genuinly feel sorry for anyone who left our wedding before we cut the cake.  They have NO IDEA what they missed!Piece of Cake was wonderful from the start and they certainly lived up to the name.  Our first meeting entailed looking at pictures, laughing and more importantly, tasting cake.  The steps on deciding were easy and the only bad thing was that we didn't have enough people at our wedding to earn us a third tier.. so we had to cut back one of our options. Sad, sad day, indeed.Our final cake was white almond cake on the bottom (there's just a hint of almond which gives the flavor depth) with almond buttercream and the top was mocha cake with caramel buttercream.  The top layer didn't last through the night it was so delicious.  There was some almond cake left, which we enjoyed thoroughly over the few days after the wedding that it lasted.It's my understanding that Piece of Cake will remake the top tier of the cake for the 1st Anniversary (way better than frozen cake) but we aren't that far yet, so  I can't say for sure.  I'm looking forward to finding out though.  Yum!
4	Last December I got married at the DoubleTree & included in their wedding package was a custom designed cake from Piece of Cake Desserts. My fiance (at the time) & I met with one of the owners, Kevin, at their cute lil shop in Mesa. We sampled 3 different cake flavors & frostings & also tried their fondant which was way better than I had anticipated. We then looked through their picture book to get an idea of what we wanted. Being the super organized girl that I am, I also brought 4 pics of what I liked. We pulled aspects from 3 different cakes & made it into 1 super cake!Now for the best part, the flavors: bottom tier- white cake infused with almond flavor with almond cream cheese & strawberry fillings, 2nd tier- devil's food cake with caramel buttercream filling, 3rd tier- devil's food again with peanut butter filling (almost like in a Reese's) & top tier-marble cake with cookies & cream filling. YUMMM!!! On our upcoming 1 year anniversary Piece of Cake will recreate our top tier free of charge! I am so excited for that :)
5	I called about 2 weeks before our 1 year anniversary, regarding the top tier of our cake. Kevin said no problem & that we could pick it up Saturday, our anniversary was on Sunday & they're closed. We couldn't decide which flavor to chose so I told him to pick it for us. I also asked if it could just be covered in buttercream instead of fondant.The top tier looked so cute! They chose the white cake infused with almond flavor with almond cream cheese & strawberry fillings & it was AMAZING! The random dots of fondant were a nice touch & the cake was so moist & delicious. Can't wait to get our 5th anniversary top tier!
5	Delicious cake!  We did the almond infusion with a strawberry compote in between the layers, so yummy.  Amy and Kevin were awesome to work with, and lots of fun. They were more than willing to work with all our crazy ideas for designs and toppers and keep a sense of humor throughout, I'd highly recommend them!
1	I'm a little bit disappointed.  I tried to order a smaller custom cake for a very special occasion.  Even though I inquired over 3 weeks in advance, they declined because they're too busy.
1	Wow.  Because of this review, Piece of Cake Desserts have become somewhat defensive.  Very Polite, but defensive.  I've already received two follow up emails from the owners.  I'm sure it was the 'too busy for your business' , with no other reason that was a bit off-putting.  Maybe the situation and referral could have been handled better.  Instead of, 'we're too busy for your business, call so-and-so'.  Maybe this would have worked;  'Hello, my name is so-and-so from so-and so bakery, we helping Piece of Cakes Desserts through the Fathers Day weekend rush.  We would be more than happy to talk about making a cake for your special occasion'.  Hey, Just an example. So, water..bridge, as they say.  And on to the next thing!
5	My husband and I got married in February. We had cake tastings at three locations (Bamboo Bakery, Cakes by Contessa, and Piece of Cake). Piece of Cake blew the others out of the water. Unlike the other two, Piece of Cake didn't make us wait when we had an appointment; they listened to what we wanted; they had delicious cake to try; the tasting was free; and they delivered on their promises.Notes:- They're all the way out in Mesa, so it was a bit of a drive, but worth it.- They do tastings by appointment only.- Since your wedding cake won't be baked that morning, they have you taste cake that's a day old. That way they don't over-promise and under-deliver. The cake at the tasting and our wedding cake were both delicious and moist.- My husband designed the cake: three white cubes that form a spiral staircase on three glass cubes (see the photos). Piece of Cake got his vision and executed it flawlessly. Coordinating with them to drop off the glass cubes went smoothly.- According to my event coordinator, they were late in dropping off the cake, but it did arrive. Thankfully I was left out of the details.- Other reviewers have mentioned it, but instead of freezing the top tier of your cake and eating it on your first anniversary (kinda gross), they provide you with a freshly baked cake on your milestone anniversaries. From the contract: "We will recreate a 6" anniversary cake for your 1st, 5th, 10th, 25th and 50th wedding anniversaries absolutely free for all cake orders for 100 or more guests. To order your anniversary cake, simply call us 10 days prior to the day you would like to pick up your cake. Unfortunately we are unable to ship cakes."
5	Hands down the best cake I have ever had!!  We went for our tasting and kept trying to find a reason we needed to go back for another! :) The staff at Piece of Cake is extremely friendly and helpful.  Our wedding cake was beautiful, as were the coordinating cupcakes we had with it, and they were all just as delicious as what we had during our tasting.  We were beyond thrilled with our choice of Piece of Cake for our special day and can't recommend them enough!
5	They did our cake for our wedding in 2008.  It was sooo good.  And what is awesome is you get a replica of the top tier of your wedding cake on your one, 5, 10 year anniversarys.  So don't worry about eating the yucky frozen tier from your wedding a year later.  You get a fresh one made just for you!  My husband and I can't wait for our 5 year anniversary and we get to enjoy our cake all ever again!
2	Considering the cake tasting was amazing, and their reviews so good, and the prices better than other cake places I found, it was a pretty easy choice to go with Piece of Cake to produce my wedding cake. They are very friendly and let us taste multiple flavors. I produced a photo of the wedding cake I wanted almost a year in advance.BUT the day of my wedding came and the cake that was sitting in my reception hall was NOT the cake I had asked them for! It looked nothing like the photo I had given to them. I asked for a lot of sea shells all over the cake, around the base of each layer, on top, ect. What I got was a few sea shells on each corner. There was very little decoration on it (like I had asked for) and just did not look like a $600+ wedding cake!  On top it looked like they just plopped down a few huge shells and called it a day. I was so disappointed! Obviously I didnt let it ruin my wedding day. But if I would have known I wasnt going to get what I paid for I could have gone somewhere else.But it tasted good. . . .
5	A Piece of Cake totally exceeded all my expectations for my wedding cake!  Hands down, they made us the most beautiful and delicious wedding cake I have ever seen and tasted, and all our guests said the same thing. I wanted a plain buttercream frosted cake and I asked Kevin to decorate it with some flowers from my florist.  When the two bakery staff members arrived to deliver the cake (it may have been Kevin and Amy, the owners-- I'm not sure) they stayed for over an hour placing flowers on the cake and arranging them into the most artistic and stunning creation anyone at my wedding had ever seen.  Everyone was so impressed by how much time and care they put into making the cake look so beautiful.Not only did it look stunning, but it was the best wedding cake any of my guests had ever eaten.  Everyone raved.  We had a white almond layer and a vanilla layer with lemon curd, all frosted with the vanilla buttercream frosting.  It was so delicious that my husband and I ate our entire cake topper on our honeymoon.I couldn't recommend A Piece of Cake enough!  Thank you so much, Kevin and Amy!
5	Piece of Cake did our wedding cake. It was amazing! We went to Kevin with a few ideas for our cake and he made it turn out beautifully. When I initially contacted him and told him what we were looking for, I was little concerned that we would have an issue finding a bakery to do it. My husband and I are huge fans of old school games and wanted out cake to reflect that. Kevin was amazing and had sample ready for us to try when we went to the appointment. When our cake arrived and they placed Link and Zelda on top, it was beyond my wildest dreams. The cake was moist, and very yummy. We had a marble cake with banana cream filling. Every one of our wedding guests loved the cake. Plus the fact that they are remaking the top layer for our anniversary is just plain awesome. If you want an awesome cake and and awesome bakery to make it, I highly recommend these guys!
5	We picked up our first-year anniversary cake and were pleasantly pleased to find not just a standard round or sheet cake, but an actual replica of the top tier of our cake. It was delicious and extra-special.
5	Amy is the best. They did the cake for our wedding back in 2009, and we were beyond impressed with the flavors and quality of design. Recently my wife graduated from dental school, and I called upon Amy's services to make a "tooth" cake. She delivered and it was again a huge success. We will always go to her for custom cakes!
