5	Nichelle is very helpful! My family and I were moving here from SD and arriving late and she was kind enough to meet us after their closing hours for us to sign the lease! Great management so far and plenty of parking!!
1	Don't rent here. There are so many unsolved issues here. You become a number when you move in here. .
2	I have a LOT of issues with this place. We moved in a couple of years ago and absolutely loved it. Its a good location, little or no crime, the apartments are nice, the pool is great. However, Brenda the Home Owners Association lady that works in the office is quite possibly the devil herself. She spends so much time telling tenants "no" and being hostile that it always feels like you are being watched or are in trouble. Three Examples: 1. I have been living there for 2 years, I know everyone in the front office by name, they know me by name and unit number. I had a package at the front office and one of the gals went to get my package Brenda would not allow her to give it to me until the gal checked my ID. 2. I rented the club house to throw a party for some friends, it was a clothing swap where we donated donated our clothes to charity. Brenda withheld my deposit until I came back to the club house to push all the chairs in straight. Mind you, the rest of the place looked better when we left than before we came in.3. We are regularly by the pool on the weekends and a big group of tenants all hang out and enjoy the facilities. Brenda put up signs and lectured everyone that we were not allowed to have any beverages, including water, within the pool area. We were told we needed to eat and drink over by the grills. We are good tenants. We aren't party animals, we aren't prudes. We are a young couple who is respectful, clean and friendly. We get along very well with many of the other tenants. I am not one to complain about silly little issues. I get annoyed with the overly dramatic reviews that people leave for certain establishments. I would honestly say that this location is wonderful, we really like the apartments. But unless you are willing and prepared to deal with a nazi HOA lady, don't bother.
1	This place became a crap hole after the girl Cheerish left, when Nichelle started running the place you could tell. Trash everywhere, dog crap left all over and not to mention tenants that could practically get away with murder. Didn't feel like a safe place for my wife and children, would not recommend even to someone I hate. Also if you love the smell of curry this place is just for you.
