1	We were in town for the Cardinal football game.  We left the hotel and walked to district a couple hours before kick off.  We found most of the restaurants packed, with up to a 45 minute wait at saddle ranch.  We took a gander at this place.  Checked yelp and saw only one review, it gave it one star.  With the main complaint being no draft beer.  Seemed a little strange, a bar without draft beer.  We went in anyway, were seated right away in the farthest corner of the place next to the kitchen door.Lots of hustle and bustle about the place.  Cute waitresses, little shorts and cowboy boots.  Our waitress swings by among the traffic of other waitresses headed to the kitchen.  I order a Coors light in the bottle, while I study the menu.  It's a pretty standard BBQ joint menu, a burger with pulled pork on it catches my eye.  Looks interesting, so when the waitress returns with my beer I order it.  My friend orders the pulled pork sandwich.I grab my beer and take a big pull off the bottle and I am met with hot beer.  Not room temp beer like in England, but hot beer.  My companion tells me that the mountains are not blue.  I get up and find the waitress and tell her.  The waitress took the beer back to the bar then returns with the same beer and a glass of ice.  She told us that the bar tenders had got the beer on ice late so all of their beer was warm.  She recommended that I pour the beer over ice.  I had to tell her that beer isn't like a mixed drink, you don't pour it over ice.  I then ordered a coke as our food arrived. My dinner looked appealing enough, a good sized burger with a heap of onion rings.  My companions sandwich looked fair to.  She tried to pick it up only to find the bun had soaked and fell apart.  I opened my burger with pulled pork to find, to no surprise no pulled pork.  We just decided that this was not going to get any better and ate some of the food.  The onion rings were good, the burger was at best ok, very dry.Our check comes and wouldn't you know it, that f___ing hot beer was still on there.  I just want out of this joint so I pay the waitress with two twenties on a 29 dollar bill.  Waitress brings me back a ten and one, one dollar bill.  No change to use as a tip, I left the one dollar bill as a tip.This place is lacking in management and training for its employees.  If your running a bar and are only going to serve bottled beer put it in the walk in fridge a couple days before you put it on ice.  Poorly run restaurant, we won't be back.
1	This place is terrible. We went there to watch the ASU game on a Thursday night, as recommended by their Facebook page. Come to find out, they didn't even get the game!! The servers said they would keep turning it on since the minute we walked in.. Took our food and drink orders, then to find out they didn't get that channel. Bullshit.. Can we say FALSE ADVERTISING!???
1	1)No draft beer2)No live band as advertised3) Beer is hot4)Over priced for drinksStay away! Don't do it! This place is not going to make it.
3	My husband & I came here before a football game, and were pleased that it wasn't horribly packed like most other places so we could get a seat. The inside is big and spacious, and they are going for a country feel (corporate country). They service drinks in big mason jars, which is a fun touch.My husband got some brisket and liked his food a lot. It initially came out luke warm, but the kitchen fixed that as soon as we told our server. The service was very nice, if a little slow. The mac & cheese and cornbread sides were really yummy. A vegetarian could be very happy with a few servings of the mac & cheese, it's very cheesy and warm and satisfying. They don't list beer prices out on the menu, which should be changed, but otherwise this is a good place to grab some drinks and food before a game.
2	I was really excited to see this country themed bar come to Westgate. I have eaten there twice now and I actually do enjoy the food a lot. The drinks are delicious but a little pricey. They had a live band one of the nights that I went there and the band was pretty good and were very upbeat which was nice. The part that I have a really big problem with is the service. The first time I went there it was slow, our girl hardly ever checked on us to see if we needed more to drink or how our food tasted. The second time that I went there a few friends and I sat at a table by the bar and waited 15 minutes before finally my boyfriend got up and walked over to one of the waitresses and asked for some service. When she finally took our orders she seemed annoyed at us, like we were bothering her. I really hope that the staff starts giving better service or else this place will not do well. Also, the girls that work there look kind of trashy.. That makes women not want to go there. It's not hooters, so they shouldn't dress like they are working at hooters. One more thing, the staff should not be flirting in front of the customers. I think that should not be allowed at all. It made me and those at my table feel awkward to see girl and guy employees flirting with each other right in front of us..
1	Skip this place. All food (appetizers and entrees) came out at the same time and server just said sorry.  The food portions were large but mediocre in quality.
5	my wife and i went here after seeing Thor 2 at westgate. the food was great,the service was amazing, they checked on our needs all the time. the decor is great too. it was our first time there. my wife had a burger which she loved and i got the buffalo chicken sandwich and it was really good too. and the potato skins are amazing too. we will be back there .
5	We stopped in after we saw TSO in concert. They were quite busy, but we were seated promptly. The GM was our server & he did a wonderful job of taking care of all our needs. The food was amazing...big portions & very tasty!! All and all, a 5-star experience. Thank you, Jeremy!! We will come back!
5	Gf had the buffalo chicken salad. She loved it. Said it was one of the best salads she has had. I got the brisket sandwich. It was very good. I had a hard time deciding what to get, everything looks good. I liked it very much but it didn't have very much BBQ sauce on it. If u order it get more sauce to add to it. Other than that I recommend it.
1	This was one of first date night's with my husband since my daughter was born.  I was so excited to finally sit down at a bar/restaurant and have a good meal and drink.  We had the worst luck this evening because every restaurant had over an hour wait.  When we arrived at Whiskey Rose we were seated within five minutes...a telltale sign of the restaurant.  There was a hockey game going on so the place was packed.  Here are the pro's and con's of our evening:Pro: - Seated almost immediately and were able to have two drinks during our hour and a half stay.- Waitress was nice but clueless about the liquor served at the bar and couldn't even make a salad.Con's:- After an hour and a half of waiting we didn't even get our food.  We would have been late for our movie.  Apparently all hockey attendees got their food before us, our order was pushed to the back of the line.- Despite the name of the place, "Whiskey Rose", they serve NO whiskey- Bartender service is extremely slow.- I didn't even get the salad I ordered after 1.5 hours of waiting.  Seriously, the wait staff can't even make the salads for customers?We were EXTREMELY disappointed with the service here.  Management needs to take a closer look at how the bartenders treat customers and how the food is sent out.  We ended up scarfing down popcorn for dinner at the movie theater. : (
4	After reading some of the other reviews listed I'm glad we were able to experience this place at an off time and without an event going on at the arena.  We went here for a late lunch and were not disappointed at all. Our server was fantastic, although it was pretty funny when I asked her about one of the beers listed on their menu and she went into detail telling me all about it and then informing me that they didn't have it at the time.  We had just flown into the area and she was really informative and helpful with all of the questions we had.The food we ordered was really good. We had appetizers and sandwiches and everything was cooked perfectly and really tasty.
5	I love this place! Great food and music here! It's probably one of my new favorite places to come to inside Westgate now!I really like the fact that they have a live band here on Saturday nights! This place was really Poppin one Saturday night when I stopped in with my husband. The band was awesome! The staff here are friendly and look super busy all the time. I will be back soon! :)
4	My mother introduced us to this fun place one afternoon for lunch midweek. We were only one of a small handful of tables but our server was great. I am surprised myself to say 'but' but there are so many times where you hit up a place that is a touristy spot on off hours only to be treated like you are invading their space. Not so for us. Our server was friendly, attentive, and very kind considering we also had the 2.5 year old in tow who just wanted to shake his booty on the dance floor. The music was fun, the food was tasty, and again, the staff was very friendly.  I look forward to making Whiskey Rose a part of my repertoire when visiting Westgate!
2	Service sucks so bad here. Food is alright and drinks are pretty tasty. But this time it took our server forever to get us any thing to drink and take our food order. She checked on us once-we had to go up to the bar to get new drinks. Disappointed
1	This place was HORRIBLE. Right off the bat, we were greeted with a not that friendly waitress. After ordering we waited a tad to long considering it was hardly busy. My boyfriend ordered a twenty dollar steak. First big mistake, he ordered it medium and or was easily well done. Not just a little overdone, it was completely well done. I ordered the pulled pork. When she brought me a plate of pulled pork meat, I realized I made the mistake of not saying I wanted the sandwich, which I personally think I would specify if I was the waitress, but I apologize and ask for a bun. She proceeds to charge me two more dollars for the sandwich when I don't even have all the other toppings that come with it. Now when I go to taste my pulled pork, it's cold. Completely cold around the outside so I have to send it back. Upon eating it it was pretty good. The waitress brings is our check not bothering to wait and see of we need anything. After leaving, not even twenty minutes later my stomach was severely upset. I had to take pepto twice to stop the pain. Biggest mistake and waste of money. Now I see why the place was dead on a Saturday.
1	Bartenders were slow to us and to make drinks. The bartenders seemed to be lacking basic fundamental skills of being a bartender. The overall service here was less than desirable. Needless to say the drinks were over priced. But then again this is westgate. Overall the customer service was atrocious and the staff was less than friendly. If you are looking for a good place to drink I highly suggest you look elsewhere.
1	My boyfriend and I came here for a friend's birthday and decided to purchase a Groupon and eat dinner (since it was a 45 minute drive for us to get there).  My boyfriend was aware of the poor ratings but I brushed it off.  We were super, super, super, disappointed with both the food and the service.  It seemed that the server went out of her way to avoid helping us and then, once all was said and done, never even asked how the food was even though there was a good portion left on the plate.  I made sure to tell her and she asked if we wanted to speak to the manager and we said no as we just wanted to leave.  Regardless of what we said, the manager should have been called over and our meal should have been comped.  (We were thankful we had just decided to split something!)  The pulled pork was luke warm and fatty, and the potato looked like it had been prepared the day before and tasted so terrible I spit it out in my napkin.  Would not recommend wasting your time or money.
4	Came here the Sunday night before President's Day looking to party hard, and only Whiskey Rose could deliver. It's very minimalistic with the decorations, staff wasn't a bunch of jerks (like they would be at almost any other bar in this plaza), and people love to have a good time. Here's everything I like:-Amazing karaoke. I had to turn around and second guess that a real person was singing Miranda Lambert, and it was not just a recording. We're talking talent that's almost an American Idol level. Wow. They didn't just do country...some guy was screaming into the mic on an emo track and patrons thought it was groovy. I like. I like a lot. -Hard liquor. Hard liquor everywhere. This is the kind of place where manly men can show off and shoot "moonshine" all night. It didn't even break the bank. 3 beers and a Jack & Coke was less than $20 before tip.-Space. Lots and lots of space to sit or stand. Patio was tiny, but if you need fresh air, it's not like it's far out of your way. Not to say this place was perfect. This is the only bar in Westgate that does not carry beers on tap. Whichever beers that have in stock is also not made clear, and you won't really be able to ask over the blaring music, so just get a Budweiser or something. And finally, they were pretty gosh darn slow, as if the workers still didn't know where everything was. Is it that new? In any case, I had a good time and would love bringing back some friends. The competition to other country-influenced bars is very welcome.
2	Weak drinks, there I said it. Country music atmosphere. Plenty of T&A from the staff though. Overall average bar nothing special
1	My husband insisted we go there prior to the hockey game. I wish I had suffered through overpriced hot dogs and crappy concession food rather than suffer through my experience at this place. My salad had about 6 pieces of lettuce in it, and some were slimy. Considering a 40 minute wait to get in, there shouldn't have been anything slimy coming out of that kitchen. My friend's burger was a hockey puck. I suppose it was appropriate considering we were going to the game anyway.
4	Great service! Average food, but priced right! Love their patio! Very disappointed that they dont have draft beer!  Every bar has draft beer!
5	Dear reviewers reading,Very relax chill place to hang out at. It was my first time going or doing anything since turning 21 and I gotta say it was the most fun ever. The DJ was very good and they were doing karaoke later in the night. There was a decent crowd for Sunday night the bartenders were so nice and I'm new to alcohol they whipped me up something nice and very tasty. I didn't get the lady's name but she had blonde hair and was the one helping me choose. And Travis was helping her they were very attentive to people. This was a very fun experience. I love this place! I don't understand why so many bad reviews?
3	Exactly what you'd expect of a wannabe nightclub/bar/restaurant thingy in strip mall hell... what with it's reheated food, curt bartenders, and a DJ that plays the weirdest mix of Garth Brooks and Pitbull. The saving grace of Whiskey Rose? Fiddy cent Coors Lights on LADIES NIGHTTTTT. No better way to kick off a business trip.
1	Pretty bad when you are sitting at the bar and all 3 bartenders ignore you and we literally had to wave our arms to get their attention and then receive rude service.  Don't think we will order round two!
4	food was good and the salads where delicious--service was great
3	Stopped in for some food before it got too late, and was pleasantly surprised, my burger was great, and my friends mac and cheese was damn good. But the music had our head spinning, they couldn't decide on country, or some top 40 stuff to get girls shaking it on the bar...literally. left after they couldn't decide what kind of music they wanted to play.
1	If you are looking for bottom of the barrel skanks and fat, sweaty old men then this is the place to go! With the DJ tempting me in with top 40 country music we walked through a field of cigarette smoke to a packed bar. Upon first look it seemed like an amiable enough place. After waiting for 10 min for a male bartender to take notice I practically jumped up and down on the bar next to the men he just served only for him to turn around and take a mans order on the other side of the bar.  After I got my drink they played maybe 2 more country songs then all top 40 dance music ala Jason Derulo. Not what I signed up for. I'm all for that music but I'm IN A COUNTRY BAR!  The only redeeming qualities is they have good drinks, albeit I drink whiskey on rocks.. Not much to screw up. Also they had an MMA fight on so that bodes well with me. I don't know where they missed the mark. The ambiance is nice. Clean and well maintained and stylish. I think the biggest strike against it is the DJ and their idea of attracting a crowd is by exploiting women having them do blow job shots on command. Seriously I'd like to think women are more evolved than that. You are not attracting women (especially those who spend real money in bars/clubs) with these kinds of antics. And anyone who knows anything about running a bar knows that women are your core demographic. Get the women to your bar and men will follow. So I say shame on you Whiskey Rose, you seem better than this and I think with a change in management you could exceed the business you do now. Let me know when you get you shit together Whiskey Rose and we will talk. Until then so fucking long.
1	Awful.  Terrible beer selection.  Mildly passable beer selection.  Oddly condescending service.  If your local county fair is the vibe you go for, this place is for you.  Otherwise, go anywhere else but here.
5	went there last Saturday with friends and had a very good time , meal and drinks were good , could not finish my Pulled Pork sandwich.  left full and content .Will return at a later  date .
1	At first glance the place was super relaxed and awesome for a Monday night. After consuming a beer on a visibly dirty glass (lipstick tar marks) the waitress laughed it off and said not the first time this has happened while she happily swiped my card. No discount no free drink, nothing. Absolutely disgusting. I don't recommend customer service where the blonde waitress with the cute butt is too busy talking to all of her friends and their needs. NEEXT!
3	Nothing very special. Went there for a drink during bike night and it wasn't packed. The hostess didn't listen. As I kept saying we wanted a spot on the bar, she kept saying she could seat us in the dining area. The drinks were good. We ordered the nachos and the plate was plenty full and tasty.
4	I was surprised to experience such great service with the place being as busy & packed due to MNF.  Despite the craziness we received good service. The buffalo chicken salad was delish!!!
5	Went on a date with hubby and really loved this place.  The Chive flags really got us ;)Excellent service from arrival to departure.  I had a Jack & diet coke and a huge mason jar of Angry Orchard and it was enough for me. 3 will have you done!  Food was great- we ordered mini sliders and fried pickles.We will return for sure!
2	The food was delicious . The service was terrible. After waiting 20 minutes to put in a food order the server brought us the wrong food and even left out part of our order. When we paid our tab she took the money and never came back . My husband had to sit there for 15 minutes and ask her for our change. The tab was 40 dollars and we gave her a 50. Assuming a 10 dollar tip was pretentious considering the fact that she screwed up the order on a rather slow night. I can look past most things, but coming from someone who used to serve tables , you should always bring back someone's change.
4	They are very attentive, we've had the staff visit our table 5 or 6 times.  Mac and cheese is always great here, good size portion.  Buffalo Chicken Sandwich also worth it.  Ask for Sunita, she's really sweet.  The only suggestion I have for Whisky Rose is to get the Wifi fixed.
4	We came in as a family after the Phoenix Comicon and found out the place was totally dead. There was a great coupon for an appetizer for free from Yelp, thanks! Our food was out quickly. They didn't check up on us a ton but we were still okay with the rest of our service. We will totally go back for happy hour!
5	My husband and I bought a groupon and checked this place out. Everything was very good and the bartender was a pleasure! The only complaint was that my Caesar salad had wilted lettuce. Not enough to deduct a star for, because we enjoyed our experience very much and plan to go back!
5	John and his entire crew set the bar for service at Westgate!!!! Best part of our trip to AZ! Thanks John! You guys rock!!!
5	Got into Phoenix for the cardinal game a night early so we walked to the Westgate for some beer and food. With all the restaurants there we wanted to try someplace we've never tried before. We got excellent service and the food was great. The corn fritters were to die for!! So sweet and totally yummy.  I had the berry and feta salad with chicken. Everything was was so fresh and beyond tasty. Really, one of the best salads I've had in a long time. My husband had the ribs and they just fell off the bone. We will definitely come back next time we're in town.
