3	I have been dining at the Golden Palace Buffet since I was in high school. This is a favorite lunch  spot for me and my friends and family. Upstairs they have a lunch buffet, all you can eat for less than $7.00 dollars.  During the lunch the buffet is always packed and sometimes you have to wait just a little bit to get a table.    Anywhere from 2 to some times 3 nights a week I get dinner here, while I'm working.  Lately I have grown fond of the combination lo mien, and crispy crab rangoons. The servings here are  very  generous, I only regret that that the brown sauce doesn't adhere to the lo mien noodles that well. In some dishes I have had in the past the veggies were limp and tasted as if they had been made hours before.  Because of having items like beer and broccoli that was less than stellar I haven't been to adventurous with trying other menu options.  The shrimp fried rice also leaves a lot to be desired. But because the proximity of this restaurant is so close to my  job, I eat there when I want Chinese.
4	Surprisingly, this place is one of the better places to get your Chinese food fix--the american style fix that is
4	Don't judge a run down old storefront by its run down old storefront!  This is a decent Chinese restaurant.My husband and I are new residents to downtown Pittsburgh.  We were reluctant to try this place because it looks dodgy from the outside.  Around 7:30pm one randomness Thursday night, we decided to give it a whirl.  The buffet is only open for lunch and for dinner, we were the only patrons there...they clearly do a busier lunch crowd.Our expectations were low and WOW were we a bit surprised.  Make no mistake, for inviting storefront and welcoming and updated decor and ambiance, they get a 0 ( that is a zero!).  It's clean, just dated.  For authentic Chinese dishes with a voice variety of options, they get a solid 4!Staff was friendly and spoke Cantonese.  We shared a variety of dishes and all were authentic and good.  We will go again.
