1	Wendy's new BREAKFAST blows!I've never been a huge fan of Wendy's food, however seeing their big window sign of their new breakfast sandwiches drew me in.  My God they looked good!  And my God was I disappointed.  I had a sausage biscuit with a kick ass looking buttermilk bun that was infused with syrup.  The meat was spicy (ala McDonnalds) but the rest was just yucky.  I highly recommend you skip Wendy's for breakfast.  Bummer.
1	After landing in PHX but before embarking on a 2.5 hour drive to Flagstaff, i thought Wendy's would be a safe and easy place to grab some food on the go...well, I was wrong.* Chicken Nuggets: dry, freezer-burned meat with extra hard double-fried shell.* French Fries: super hot, crunchy, over-fried french-fry-shaped fry-shells. so hard and crunchy that i thought i was eating french-fry chips.* Junior Bacon Cheese Burger: bacon and burger meat both tasted dehydrated.Guess what, last thing I want after a 4hr flight and landing in 100+ weather is hot, dry, crunchy, tasteless food!
1	Don't park your car and expect it to be there when you come out after eating there.  They towed my car today because I did not eat in the restaurant.  Unfortuantly we did eat there and could not get out of the parking lot because of event across the street.  So we walked around the nuthouse01area for a bit came back and car was gone. Talked to manager who said we did not eat there and I showed receipt and was told that was I was not seen on some camera so I did not eat there.  Now have to wait until Monday to get my car.  Well thats it never eat here again.  Lost customer for ever Wendy'  Wish Dave were alive he would have treated customer much differently.Shame on Wendy's
2	This Wendy's is no better than any other Wendy's. However Wendy's is probably the best of the fast food joints.
1	Really not sure how to rate it since the service sucks so bad. Pretend it's a 1 1/2 star I guess.For the second time in a week I've received my Jr. Bacon Cheeseburger with no bacon. How does that happen?Other incidents have included but are probably not limited to: a mysteriously soggy bun, buns that were harder than they should have been, missing food and other various problems typically associated with these type of eateries.I know it's fast food but come on people. Get it together!Also keep an eye out for your straw as this Wendy's is notorious for giving you your drink and then giving you nothing to drink your drink with. I don't know why Wendy's insists on putting the straw in the bag since they more often than not forget to.If it weren't opened 24 hours and I wasn't such a gluten for punishment I'd never go here.Dave was cool, this Wendy's is not!
1	Not one but TWO times had to drive back around and give them back the food they handed me. Two times they gave me someone else's food! Every time I tried to check, they told me they were busy and that I needed to pull forward if I wanted to check. I just wanted to try their salad. Every fast food restaurant has the ability to make a decision: are you going to be as bad as everyone expects, or are you going to take the time to do it right?Wendy's of 301 E Indian School, I hope you read this. Moreover, I hope you try harder to take the time to do it right. I believe in you.
2	This Wendy's is okay if you don't have time to look for another one. The service is average and they almost always seem to have only one available cashier to help the large lunch crowd. My kudos to that poor woman. But the management gets a thumbs down for not assigning enough people.Also it seems like all the weirdos in Phoenix come in to order. Don't go to this Wendy's unless you are willing to wait in line for a long time while some weirdo is glancing at you every thirty seconds.
1	I have no hesitation in giving this review one star.  I wanted a Frosty, but left without anything.  The patron two cars in front of me apparently thought she was ordering at a fine dining establishment.  It's Wendys not a fancy steakhouse. While waiting for this person to finish ordering her lenghtly and detailed order, a bum tried to ask me for change.  I promptly told him to get the F*** out of here.  I took my own advice and did the same.  Will not be back to this location.
1	My friend ordered chicken nuggets, and two of them were molded together. I'm vegetarian, so I sat there with my crappy fries but tasty frosty and watched the madness unfold.As she tore the two melded nuggets away from each other, THERE WAS A GELLY WHITE PASTE THAT DRIPPED OUT. I am literally gagging just recalling the incident, and I almost threw up all over the table.This exact same scenario happened to my sister, on her totally different box of chicken nuggets 45 second later. Nobody finished our food. We all just left.There is white gooey crap IN THE FOOD at wendys. So incredibly gross. SO gross. Gross. Don't go here, for the love of god!!
3	This review is pretty much for the limited time Chicken Flat bread.  I really liked this sandwich.  It is better than their hamburgers.  Quite a lot of flavor.  I hope to see it back soon.  Not much else to brag about this place.  The salads and chili are just maybe ok.
3	This Wendy's isn't the worst but it certainly isn't the best. Sometimes they get my order wrong but they're close by.
2	I really like one of their managers who is here during the weekdays. He is very good at keeping the staff on their toes but I haven't seen him as recently as my last visit. The drive thru service is horrible with errors from ordering to inability to understanding the English language. This place has gone downhill.
1	My be got food here once and all of it was just thrown together and cold . I thought I'd play it safe and get a frosty today since my one surgery can't eat fast food . So there was something in my frosty I almost puked and had to throw it away . Don't go to this location
3	This Wendy's is not the best one in town, but the staff here is really sweet.  My co-workers and I go to Wendy's every Friday.  It is nice when you walk in the door and they say hi to us by name. Then when you order your food they already know what we would like to order.   The location of this Wendy's is across for the VA hospital.  So you will see a lot of doctors or nurse here and sometime patients.  I will say that this Wendy's could use a makeover.  Hopefully one day they will, and then people may want to actually eat here.
1	Every time I go here, I order the same thing. A junior cheeseburger with a cesar side salad. Every time I get the wrong items. I'm getting real tired of it. I've worked the drive thru at fast food places. It's seriously not that hard. Come on people....
4	We used to have a Wendy's down the street and it was perfect for those nights when you didn't want to cook.  It closed and one of the "bertos" burrito places but I digress.  The dollar menu is great ans the choice of fries or salad ia nice.  I also love love love the full size salads.  I miss our old close one but we'll often go for a quick dinner - just further
1	I come here quite often and invariably they mess up my order. Today's screw up was I ordered 2 sandwiches without cheese and 3 sandwiches no lettuce. What I got was 5 sandwiches no cheese and all of them had lettuce. This is getting ridiculous. . The receipt was correct. . Exactly as I ordered it.. so that means the person who made the food cannot read at all.From now on no matter how many people are waiting behind me, I will check my order and make them fix it before they can help the next person. .
1	So I'm at Wendy's only because I saw an ad on TV. Yes I know the food never looks like it does in the commercials. But they have baked potatoes. What other fast food joint has baked potatoes? I drove out of my way just to get me some baked potato! Wtf... They're out of baked potatoes. This has happened before. In fact it happens a lot. And it pisses me off! Listen up Wendy (or the people in the corporate office). Figure it out! You must be aware that some people only go to Wendy's BECAUSE you have baked potatoes. The guy behind me also wanted a baked potato and the look on his face was the same as mine, a look of "what the hell...I could be at jack in the box." Well this time I asked the employee what's up with having zero potatoes and he said something about them sitting too long and getting dried out. So I say again Wendy...get some smart people together and figure out how to have potatoes all the time! Your slogan is "Now that's better." Seriously? That's your slogan? "Now that's just stupid" as stupid as running out of potatoes. On a good note, frostys are delicious and also like the free style coke machine.
