5	China a go go recently became my new favorite chinese spot to go to. Beef pepper steak with white rice, and crab rangoon are my favorites. They come in big portions too, so i usually get lunch and eat the left-over for dinner. or get dinner and eat the left-over for lunch the following day :) I keep telling myself "I'm going to try something new next time i go there", but every single time i walk in there, my mind gets locked on beef pepper steak... but next time i'll try something different! ;) I really will! (hopefully)
4	I come here often. Food is good and portions are plenty. Staff is friendly and their Thai Tea w/ boba is yummie!
1	We ordered delivery on a whim after hearing some other people say they like this place. The lady on the phone was nice, the delivery guy was nice and got to our house very quick. However, the food was terrible. We ordered chicken pad thai, beef fried rice, and egg rolls. We had to throw away all of it because it was just really gross. Definitely the worst Chinese food we have ever had. I wish it was good because we live so close but it's just not edible.
5	HUGE portions!! Fast service! I ordered delivery and for $11 I got a huge portion of chow mein, Kung Pao chicken(yummy zucchini, peanuts, celery and spicy) egg roll, won ton strips(i think) and a drink. Took 30 minutes to get to me and it was very hot still. Will definitely order from here again.
2	Ok,,, i come here only for the lychee smoothie with boba.  I like it here for some reason.   I have tried the food at other locations and found it to be solid, never an issue buying food here. Hey we all can  have a bad day,,, well i ordered the pad thai,, well first mistake ordering a thai dish at a chinese joint... DOH,,  I ordered it med spicey,  it was plenty spicy, over powered the dish, the pad thai sauce was weak, the veggies didnt seem too fresh, the noodles were ehhhhhh.  The normal large portion was not so large.  I usually cant finish my meal, but i did tonight... I was disappointed in my selection tonight,  I will eat here again but i will stick to chinese food not thai... The boba was good though...  This joint isnt bad,, if i were with friends i would eat here, its not the best, but i give it a 2stars for my meal tonight.... Hope this yelps...06/17/14Quality in food has gone down hill... Food quality is inconsistent, ranging from "okay eat it or have nothing"  to disposal will like it...  No longer a fan...
4	The staff was very friendly was clean location easy to find , the food was very good beef chowmein combination fried rice thai tea :) good and affordable
3	Losee location, 9P.M.. Very good service. Friendly and attentive. Don't fool yourself, this is Americanized gloopy sauced fast food. This is not Spring Mountain. But it is good. The pot stickers are hand made and surprisingly good. The portions are large and very filling, very tasty. I only do this type of restaurant once or twice a year, but my wife and I came home with smiles on our faces.
1	Fast delivery is the only thing good about this place.  Beef and broccoli tasted like shrimp.  The chicken was horrible.  I couldn't even eat the rice that came by itself.  It was so bad that it made me sick the whole night.  I threw out almost $30 in food because I couldn't eat it.
5	This place is amazing from the food to the service its hand down my fav Chinese food place!!!!I order from this place AT LEAST once a month, I don't have any issues with the food or the service ever...BUT last time i  ordered  their China go go wings, and they weren't crunchy than other times they were tasteless and kinda mushy i was kinda pissed cus out of everything that's what I was craving!!!!, now that is the only time I can think about them messing up or them slippn. Great place to get your Chinese fix.Friendly, Quick, Delicious, and Inexpensive!!!JUST SO YOU KNOW!!!! i ordered the New York style Chow Mein, I don't know what i was expecting but definitely not what I got...It wasn't your typical noodles and it had a lot of veggies...NOT saying it was bad but it wasn't anything i was expecting. It was Good but i wouldn't order it again!*******Honey walnut shrimp BEST HANDS DOWN SUCKAAAAAAAAAAS!!!!!
3	OK is really what this place is...The cooks look dirty, the place looks greasy, on the bright side the girl is friendly at the counter...The food is ok...Take a good look behind the counter where the food is being prepped...Even wearing Sandals...Gross...
5	Such sweet service! The employees are Very kind. I just picked up my order tonight and they gave me a free drink because I had to wait 5 minutes. Good food too!
4	Here's the deal about THIS China A GoGo in North Las Vegas...We head there usually to sit down to eat...Spartan digs, but the majority of their biz is the traditional Chinese take-out...The first thing you do notice is that all the folks working in the restaurant ARE native Chinese...Many do not even speak English as they toil on the woks in the kitchen area...No matter, the friendly ladies at the front are more than helpful to fulfill your food order...and in regards to the grub...It is GOOD...Yea, no kidding...The servings are plentiful and mighty tasty...An added bonus is that they go out of their way to be friendly...Once you grace the doorstep several times, you're in...We always get a handshake or hug from the staff...No bull...They DO care if you eat there...We get one of the two full course meals for under $25 bucks each time we show up...It feeds us at least two more times from the Styrofoam containers...Overall it all adds up to a very positive repast at China A GoGo at this North Las Vegas location...A caring staff and good tasty Chinese food...A nice combo to find now and again...Stay in to eat or take it home, either way YOU win here...
5	Great food and everything is made fresh in the kitchen, you can see the chefs cooking if you look towards the back. I love quick Chinese food but some places aren't that great, this place is amazing!!! I go on my lunch break normally and the service is always quick, hot, tasty and the female servers/cashiers are extremely nice and helpful. They make sure you are taken care of at all times and happy.The food is really good, if you dine in (the way I do on lunch) they give you some type of chips that are fried and comes with a sweet sauce......amazing! You get a large of amount of rice with pretty much any dish along with your food. The meal portions are very large and more than enough for one person and I eat like a pig! I also think they have some of the best egg drop soup in town, I just wish they had white pepper but that's not important.Overall if you live Chinese food that's done well, cooked fresh and you are in the area then give a try you won't be disappointed and you will come back for sure....like me haha!
4	Good Chinese fast food.... They deliver also! But it's better to call in then pick it up food is always ready in10 min or less.... Delivery usually takes 45 min to an hour...The workers are friendly and always greets me when I enter. The prices are good for the meal. Try the different bobas it's good.... So far my favorite is the lychee boba. I like the mapo tofu... Or the honey walnut shrimp... Not a big dam with the potstickers... The wrap on it is way tooo thick... But other than that I'm pretty satisfied!
3	I just ordered to this place today for the first time. I ordered the family dinner. My steamed rice was half way empty from the box. I called and they are very helpful and said they would give me another box of rice. OrAnge chicken was good. The only reason why I don't give this place a 5 star is because they have me old wonton soup. It tasted so sour and expired and it smelled really bad. It's good people ok food.. Just makes sure that when you eat the food it's not expired!!!
1	Never coming here again!  Food was just ok, service threw me off!  Called in my order, they told me it'll be ready in 5-10mins. Got to the place about 10mins and it wasn't busy. Service lady ask for my phone number, she stated it's almost done about 5 more mins. My husband and I were waiting for a good 15mins watching other customers get their food before us when they ordered after we arrived. So we asked what happened to our food and the service lady said it's been ready and waiting for at least 5mins. We stated how come you never called us and she stated coz we haven't paid!  Lady!!!! We checked in with you and was waiting for our food to be serviced and rendered!  Wtheck!  I didn't have the heart to leave mainly because I was starving and been waiting for my food that I phone ordered and had to wait for at least 15-20mins extra!  Disappointment is what my husband and I experienced from this place!  Bad bad bad. To top it off the restaurant's whole family came in and it was just a mess. One came in started messing(preparing)with the vegetable that they use to cook, mind you, I do not think she washed her hands!  Eww gross!
5	Really like this place- good food, nice employees, and fast delivery! We have dined in several times and it's nothing fancy, but our waitress was super nice and we have had only good experiences here
4	i love this place! But the inside dining sucks and their delivery is awful! Not only did they forget my sweet and sour for my sweet and sour shrimp, they told me it would take another hour to get it delivered!The only way to enjoy this place is to order your food, pick it up and enjoy it at home.
4	I ordered the wonton soup to go and it was very tasty. The service was fast..10 mins. I haven't ordered anything else but the soup was tasty and the portion was a nice size. Next time if would like to try more on the menu.
5	Great service!!!! We love the sesame chicken with Vegetable Fried rice and cream cheese wontons Yum!!!!
3	Did a delivery of orange chicken and pad Thai thought I try it out... Never ordering Thai food at a Chinese restaurant .. Portion was good and filling not much flavor and the chicken is mushy. Delivery was quick.
4	I have been craving Chinese and found this place. The food is delicious!  We ordered the corn egg flower soup, beef fried rice,honey walnut shrimp and shrimp chowmein. They have a small dining room so it seems their business is mainly based on takeouts. I say this because most or the tables and seats were taken by people waiting for their takeout and because all our plates and bowls (with the exception of the big soup bowl) were Styrofoam. We found it pretty funny as ive never been to a restaurant that serves in Styrofoam. Regardless,  food portions were big. We ordered the big bowl of soup for my husband and i to share and it was plenty. The beef in was tender.Only complaint is that the soup needed a bit more soy sauce and it would be nice to have actual plates.  Oh and honey walnut could have crisper shrimpOther than that, I think I found my new spot!Oh and for those four things (soup, fried rice, chow mein, honey walnut shrimp) and 2 drinks it came out to $37, not too bad.
2	It was my first time coming to this location as I recently moved and compared to the rest I was disappointed.  Now China a Go Go is nothing special to begin with so I can't say I'm surprised. First let me say how slow the service was. I ordered Curry Chicken with fried rice, a Teriyaki Chicken bowl, and Thai Tea and it took 50 minutes to receive the food. Now let me clarify the place was empty, they confirmed my order with me 30 minutes after ordering, and the other locations are not like this. They also gave me my Curry Chicken in a container that looked larger than normal but actually had less space. Oh and lets not forget I only got 5 small pieces of chicken. Never coming back to this location again.
1	If I could give it half a star I probably would do that, place always stinks, and when you decide to order for delivery even though my place is only 10-15 mins away it takes more than 1hr 30 mins for it to be delivered, cooks are always smoking and I've not seen anyone wash their hands after a smoke break, and did I say this THE PLACE STINKS!!!!!!!! The food taste is super unusual at first I thought it was the whole chain but went to a different location and taste was different, soggy orange chicken, nasty walnut shrimp, and the portion is rice given is always small, like I understand having small portions but you know it's small when you have to boil your own rice at home to add to their portion to eat the meat portion of that meal.
5	We have been ordering from here for years and love their food and service - definitely consistent. Their menu is awesome. I have enjoyed every dish I've had. My favorite is the Cashew Chicken - Delicious! It is a perfect balance of vegetables, rice, chicken, and cashews. You do not feel like you're getting tons of filler vegetables or onions. General Tso's Chicken is very delicious as well. We decided to dine in for the first time. We were not disappointed. Great friendly service and staff. They had table service. Offered us free donuts. The food was from their lunch menu and the prices were fantastic. Our food was piping hot, packed in large portions, and delicious. I got in trouble for trying to reach over and sample everyone's food. Hehe. The Taro bubble tea with Boba was overflowing and delicious!! We sampled the watermelon and the mango bubble teas also - tasty! We will definitely keep ordering and dining in to appease our Chinese food cravings! China-a-gogo rocks!
4	The long:This is my go-to Chinese take-out place, because it's close and it's consistant. That aside, I'm very happy with the food and service. Every time I order they add in a little something - usually donuts or almond cookies. I forgot to bring a coupon in (for eggrolls) but they were cool about it and didn't charge me for the eggrolls. For take-out, the food is usually read in about 10-15 minutes. After 5+ trips to this place, I've had to wait once, and it was only about 5 minutes; every other time, the food is done before I arrive.Food I've tried:Eggrolls: decent. Better than Panda Express, but not as good as east coast eggrolls. (Story of my life in Vegas!)War Wonton Soup: Yup! Get it.Garlic Chicken: Spicy and tasty. (Ordered once: tender and delicious.)Spicy eggplant and tofu: This is my go-to dish, and I love it. Delicious sauce, tender eggplant, not super spicy (could be spicier, but I'm okay with the spicy level they deliver).Orange chicken: Sometimes it's a little tough, sometimes it's awesome. Still, worth the chance.Sweet and Sour chicken: Much like the Orange chicken, it's sometimes tough and sometimes awesome. Still, pretty good, generally.Walnut shrimp: Pretty good. Not the best I've had, but consistantly pretty good! (And in the Chinese food word, consistant is a win!)In short:Super nice staff, consistant cooking. Their soup is awesome; meat dishes can be hit or miss on tenderness, but the flavor is pretty spot-on.
5	One of my favorite Chinese Food Restaurants!Great and fast service.Very satisfied with the food.Love their lunch specials!
4	The Food is Pretty Good, not the Best I've tried but its far from Horrible.. I've only ordered by Delivery so far, So I haven't experienced the dining in or take out yet. However the Food arrives fast & Hot.. Family meals easily feeds a family of 6, (granted the kids ages range from 9 to 2). Can't really complain about the prices because they give you a good amount of food.. Thumbs up :)
1	I've been to two of their locations and I have to say this one is so dirty and disgusting. The food was good. But at my visit there one of the employees was sitting at a table eating out of the metal bowls they use to toss the food in. When he was finished it looked like he just put it back on the counter to be used again!!! Really?!? It made me sick to my stomach!! I got the honey walnut shrimp which was good but left a weird film in my mouth and had a very strange sourish "sauce" in the bottom of the to go box. I probably will not be returning to this location.
