5	I had the egg roll, wow it was delicious smell good taste good. I also had the Pho combo which has meatball, slices of rounded eye steak and tendon and more i couldn't remember all, but it was good and Pho is their house specialty. I also heard that their house specialty is Quang noodle as well so i think i will try it next time..
4	Delicious!!! I had the Pho beef and my sister tried the pork with rice. We were both very pleased and will be back soon! They've done a really nice job and it has a great atmosphere. I'm thrilled to have a Vietnamese restaurant in the neighborhood.
4	Excellent food & service!!! We were seated immediately upon arrival even though the place was nearly full. We were handed menus and our server took our drink orders were taken right away without being pushy.The entire time we were there we watched the staff work efficiently while maintaining a friendly attitude. Service was quick and excellent.Now food!!!! We ordered the Pho Special Combo, egg rolls, a pork sandwich and a chicken sandwich.The rolls were crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside, without being oily or greasy. They are hands down the best I've had in all of Phoenix!!! The dipping sauce was thinner than I expected but full of great flavor! Sweet but not too sweet and the perfect compliment to the rolls.The sandwiches were next, great value and great tasting both had tender meat and were also full of great flavors. The buns were a little too big. But overall no complaints.The Pho was great, & aromatic. I could smell the cinnamon, cloves, anise a mile away! I was worried that the broth might actually be overpowering but it wasn't, the flavors were spot on and what I expect of a good pho.I will definitely be back here soon!
5	This is really nice place, the atmosphere is nice.Food is really good, I had Quang Nam Noodle (N1) best noodle, also egg-roll is fantastic (I consider this is best in town!) Service is great very friendly very attentive, the staff take your drink orders right away.They just open few days but they meet my all my expectation so they deserve 5stars!Highly  recommended this place
5	I tried AZ Pho & Grill out this week as they had just opened up in the area that I work in.  The Pho is really good! It has a lot of flavor and they give you plenty of goodies to add in. All of the food is cooked perfectly, I've had the chicken and beef so far and have enjoyed both. Like everyone else has been saying, the egg rolls are also quite delicious! The owners are super nice as well as the staff. It's great to have something different for food options in the area. Definitely recommend giving them a try!
3	Get the egg rolls!  Great fish sauce!  Not that impressed with the soups or rice
4	Good food the service is good but could be worked on a little the egg rolls are delicious I ordered the chicken pho tender  meat definitely coming back :)
3	The food was delicious! Staff all where very friendly. The only opportunity they have is better attention to customers needs/wants like napkins not being on he table and having to ask for it, we asked for shrimp (which was extra) and the pho literally had 2 pieces of shrimp, they didn't remember to bring out drinks when we ordered, we got the food and drinks at the same time. I'm sure others have had better experiences this was just ours. Overall I would come back if I had a craving for pho again only because it's close to my house. Hope this helps
5	I could smell the food from the kitchen and couldn't wait for my food to come out... The spring rolls were a great starter, and the pho was noticeably fresh and tasty! I tried some of my dad's chicken, which was nice and tender.  The inside is unlike any other pho place I've been to, very aesthetic environment with nice lighting and a small bar on the side.  Staff was very friendly and will make sure your food is how you want it. The restrooms are very clean. This is a nice place all around, I would take a client out to eat here or take family for dinner.  Not to mention a great price! Very impressed, I will definitely come back
4	Very good egg rolls as stated! However, I ordered the V6. Vermicelli with Grilled Shrimp/egg roll. (It only has 3 slightly over cooked small grilled shrimp. It was still good food, but next time I will try a chicken dish.  I had also had very good service!
5	Wow!! I've had a lot of Pho in my life, but this place is by far the best EVER! This is my new fav spot. Don't change a thing owners, it's perfect!! Food 5 starsService 5 starsAmbience 5 stars We had the red pork spring rolls, P.1 and yellow noodle dish was exotic but flavor was  scrumptious
1	HIRE MORE SERVERS OMGGGGGGGGGGGPho is supposed to be quick. I don't understand why it takes more than 30 minutes to take an order and serve the dang food!!! Food was taking way too long so asked for togo but they forgot the things I asked them to include when they knew we were leaving early because we were in a rush. OMG..... So frustrating
1	Let me start out by saying that this was one of the nicest pho places I've been to.  The place is clean and decorated nicely.  But ambiance aside, the food left much to be desired.  The spring rolls were mostly filled with noodles so you could barely taste the shrimp or pork.  Portion sizes seem way off for the prices.  It's not expensive, but when you compare to your standard pho places where a bowl is around $6-7, and this place charges $10, you're really paying for the atmosphere and not the food quality.  Because the food was not the greatest.  I think I'd rather go back to the hole-in-the-wall places that have out of this world pho than pay extra for lackluster broth and nice surroundings.
3	Wanted check out this new spot. Support local business.Service was a little slow but nice.I was debating on a rice dish, but had to do Pho because it's in their name. I got #P1.For the Large size, there wasn't enough meat or noodles, there was more than. enough soup though. The Pho itself was avg, you're not going to hate it, it is what it is.Granted Im 5'10 170lbs and just got done working out, but I'm leaving the restaurant hungry and going to find another meal.For $10 just for the special and no drink... Just not worth my time If other reviewers like it, that's great, but I wouldn't recommend this spot to anyone.
4	Good Pho, a little light on the meat but a great presentation and taste. Really great portions for the price. The spice was great and ambiance was very clean, especially for a Vietnamese restaurant. I hope they last. I really enjoyed the food!
5	Very good food.  Had the Bun and it was great.  They were very busy but did not mind the wait because the food was worth it.  The staff was great and we had no less than 3 people ask if we enjoyed ourselves.  The manager Ken was very attentive.
2	Pho was alright. Took 30 mins for it.. It was a sunday & there were a couple big groups but the servers seemed to pay more attention to them & put us on the back burner. Passion fruit juice tastes like it was fresh. Very delicious. Really wanted to like this place (it's right by my house) but I've had better pho sadly.
3	So excited that another Pho place opened in this area. I went for lunch with a friend, I walked in and immediately noticed how clean and tastefully decorated the restaurant was. The service was good, but based on other reviews, I could see where, if the restaurant was filled there would be a serious lack of service issue. There were only 3 other tables of 2 when we were there.We ordered the A2 Egg Rolls, P1. Special Combo Pho regular size bowl (Sliced eye of round steak, well-done brisket, flank, tripe and tendon), and P7 Seafood regular size bowl (Shrimp,squid, crab flakes and fish balls).We thought the food was very "ok", not a "wow" me factor at all, the egg rolls were good, a little pricey for just 2, the beef pho was ok, only 1 tiny piece of tripe. The seafood broth was good and spicy, but the imitation crab was a let down and lack of seafood was a let down.I hate to say with a 10% off coupon or not, I'm not sure I would revisit.
5	Clean, healthy, fresh Vietnamese food. Very affordable for an uber clean restaurant. The serving is bigger than how much I wanted to eat, but it's all good. It's not a five star restaurant, but the ambience is excellent to meet with friends and colleagues to wheel and deal, and the food is safe enough to bring my family for dining in lieu of cooking at home. I know the restaurant owners and I know the quality of their food. Good people who are proud of their work. Honest food. Two thumbs up on preserving the quality and authenticity. Food:4.5/5. Freshness and quality: 5Affordability: 5Service: 4.5Cleanliness: 5
2	I wanted to like this place because it is literally a stones throw from my house but...I just can't do it.   The decor is great.  The bar looks cool.  Service is very good and friendly.   Even the apps are good.  But the main dishes are overpriced, small quantity and lacking flavor.  I didn't get the Pho...maybe that was my problem.   The menu is weak. Outside of the apps.  They have pho, vermicelli and rice dishes.  That's it.  Very very disappointed!  Chandler Pho is 100 times better.  I won't be back until they fix it.
2	I was prettyExited to have a pho place to open near by. They have amazing decor. The service is ok but the first Time I went they took forever just to make pho and there were only a little bit of people. Food is not so good. The regular pho is about seven bucks but they serve it in a small bowl. The large is like a regular bowl I would get in other pho places. The pho had a somewhat plain taste and the noodles break apart too easily. The also clump together and made it that I was eating noodles that my grandma would cut up when I was young. I would not recommend this place. if u want to eat pho go to chandler pho.
2	Place is nice enough, ambience was good...but I'm not here to eat the ambience. We ordered a variety of dishes including Pho, Bun, and another noodle dish. All the food was very bland, even their fish sauce tasted like it was watered down. Service was slow as well, although the servers were very nice. The place wasn't packed but yet everything took forever. There were no utensils on the table, no napkins, and no condiments (hoisin sauce and sriracha). Every Vietnamese restaurant has these items on every table. The only thing that was good was the coffee jello we got for dessert. This place is closer to home, but I'd rather drive a little bit further and go to Pho Chandler...that place is good.
5	We love Vietnamese food and one of our friends recommended this place. We've been to different Vietnamese restaurants and by far this is the most beautifully decorated and the cleanest we've seen. The staff was friendly and knowledgable. We got the AZ Pho sampler for appetizer and it was beyond our expectation. The spring rolls were fresh and the peanut sauce was so tasty. The egg rolls had this wonderful smell and tasted so good. The coconut shrimps were fresh and just perfect. Our server recommended Pho and yellow noodles with shrimp, chicken, pork and quail eggs, which I don't remember the name. They both were very tasty, especially I never had the yellow noodles before and they were exquisite. Overall we enjoyed our experience thoroughly and will be back soon to try other dishes.
4	Delicious beef Pho, a little too much noodles but It was so good that I finished all. The broth is clear and flavorful. I literally got my order and food within 5-10 minutes. Great and fast service. The avocado shake was delicious. I can taste the avocado. Beautiful place...will be back soon!
5	Mmmmm best broth ever made with six spices, served with plenty of noodles and big pieces of meat.  Great value!  Quality food, well prepared and healthy...the trifecta!  If you order something other than pho remember it might take a little longer.  They are currently trying to hire more servers, so if you know anyone....  Look forward to their opening the patio soon but now they have a full bar.  Nice atmosphere, clean shop and smiling servers - I'll be back soon and so should you.
3	The place was a comfy little restaurant.  The service was great and the staff seemed to be very welcoming.  The food was overall okay.  I can't say that the food was the best, but if you're craving some Vietnamese food it's a place you could check out.
5	Best Pho in Phoenix! Amazing food! Great service! We have tried many pho restaurants and none can compare! We will definitely be back! So glad this place opened up close to home!
2	We were the only people in there today.  Building interior is lovely. Our waitress was nice enough and attentive.  Food came out very quick, but our egg rolls were cold and they only give one piece of lettuce for two egg rolls.  We sent them back and asked for hot egg rolls. Shortly after our pho came out.  It was just okay.  Nothing to get excited about.  Then the fresh, hot egg rolls came out and they were bland.With so many other options for pho nearby, we will choose one of our other favorites next time.
4	Visiting Arizona for the first time. This place was hot and new so thought we'd checked it out. Overall very impressed. The place is super clean! The declarations are tasteful. I know most Viet places can be over the top but this place is spot on. Photographs very well chosen. Having been to Vietnam it brought back some fond memories. We came for lunch. Started with spring rolls which were fresh and delicious. The peanut sauce was phenomenal. Had vermicelli with grilled pork and "noodle soup" (hu tieu). Grilled pork was nice but the red pork in my hu tieu was dried. There aren't many options but the ones they have are good. The prices are a little high for Viet foods but I also come from a city where there are lots of Vietnamese places so I suppose when you're one in a few you can charge as much as you want. Our server was pleasant. I didn't catch her name but appreciate that the service gestures are there.
5	We've been here a few times and it's great every single time. The Pho, rice, noodles are all very good. Very fresh spring rolls with excellent peanut sauce. Give them a try and judge for yourself.
5	Spring rolls were fresh and delicious and I had the Pho with thinly sliced beef. The spring rolls and pho were delicious and the service was top notch!  My first and not last visit for sure!!
1	Bad value. Did cost twice as much as other pho places in town and isn't half as good. In a vacuum, it's ok. But I just cannot recommend this place considering the competition such as Saigon pho or even pho Chandler
4	Awesome, tasty Banh mi sandwiches, real deal Pho soups in a well decorated dining area. This is the prettiest pho place I have ever eaten where the taste of good food matches the decor! So worth it if you want wonderful Vietnamese food!
5	I ordered the vermicelli grilled pork to go. The two guys that work there have great service. Offered me water while I waited. The thin pork was freshly grilled with a teriyaki like sauce taste, the noodles, basil, fresh bean spouts and cucumbers balanced with the vinegar. Didn't care too much for the extra salad.
4	Let me start by saying that we used to live in a Chicago neighborhood that was predominantly Vietnamese. We had over 15 options for Pho within a half a mile. That said.. I've had some phenomenal pho and am quite particular about it.We live very close and we were so excited when this restaurant opened. We've been there several times since the opening and and would highly recommend it.That said, the Pho is slightly better and more flavorful at Chandler Pho. However, the  atmosphere here far surpasses Chandler Pho and the service is wonderful.The vermicelli is absolutely amazing. Though I recommend eating in the restaurant. We've ordered "to go" and it doesn't compare.
2	Food looked good but tasted decent, but there were nats and mosquitos flying around in the restaurant so it was difficult to enjoy. I had to stop eating my meal bc they flew into my food, was very disappointed.
5	A nice and clean place. Friendly staffs. The Pho broth has lots of flavors.Beef cuts are very thin and fresh.Really good marinates on the chicken and beef.These are my rating: 1. Mi Quang2. Pho special3. Vermicelli combo (chicken+ beef+shrimp)4. Chicken sandwich
5	I am visiting from out of town and stumbled upon this place.  This is the BEST Pho I have ever had!  The restaurant is spotlessly clean, the service is very friendly and helpful. The music is relaxing and not too loud.  The food is VERY fresh and delicious!  Vermicelli is excellent!  You can tell they take pride in their establishment.  I have eaten here 5 times already.  I brought my elderly parents in and they had a ball. They were slurping their noodles like little kids and just giggling away.  They LOVED the food too.  I cannot say enough good about this restaurant. Well priced and well worth it! They also have a nice bar if you enjoy cocktails.
5	Food was excellent. Start to finish. Pho is the best I've had in town. Plentiful, flavorful, fresh. The egg rolls were good, but the spring rolls were fantastic! Atmosphere is quiet and clean. The wait staff is courteous and prompt - not at all in your face. Highly recommend this restaurant. Looking forward to our next visit!
5	Just like I promised the women (I wish I grabbed their names) who were serving me this afternoon, I am here writing their review.First off, Vietnamese is by far my favorite and I would call myself a pho enthusiast. Their pho, amazing. End of story. Sometimes when you get pho, it can be bland. Their's was full of flavor and came with a good amount of fixings and was perfectly portioned. I also got their eggrolls, again, fantastic. I wish I got a little bit more mint and another leaf of lettuce, but that's my fault for not even asking. I also got their Thai tea with boba. I LOVE the fact that sell boba. I checked out the rest of their menu and I am very excited to try their sandwiches. The man I was sitting at the bar with (oh, yes, they also have a stocked bar. Thumbs up for that!) informed me that their shrimp and pork spring rolls are to die for. So now, I need to go back and try that out.The atmosphere is very nice and clean. Big screen TV at the bar for the lonely patron like myself. The staff were very friendly. I can see that they're under staffed so please keep that in consideration when enjoying their food. This is the first time I have been there and definitely will not be my last. I even plan on bringing my coworkers there for our next lunch meeting in February. You guys are fantastic. Keep it up and I will definitely be seeing you soon!EDIT: I had to come in and add to my review after reading everyone else's. First off, I agree the prices are slightly higher than say Saigon over in north Chandler or the hole in the wall places throughout the valley; you have to remember what their expenses are. The commercial rent in south Chandler isn't exactly the cheapest in the world. Especially in a hot area like Germann/Queen Creek Rd and Gilbert. So of course you're going to fork out a little more money than say a restaurant in west Mesa. They're a new restaurant, they informed me they have only been open for 4 months. They're still trying to get the flow of everything. I was on my lunch break also, so I wasn't exactly there on my own time. I got my food and drinks and FINISHED EVERYTHING within 30 minutes. That's as quick as it is at Saigon. So for you guys reading the negative reviews on this place, I definitely did not experience any of that while I was there. I actually had a very good time chatting it up with another patron that was sitting at the bar with me. He said he has been going there since day 1 and he absolutely loves it (we also talked about other Vietnamese places throughout the East Valley and this place is on par with them.) Again, I highly recommend giving this place a shot. Make sure to have an open mind when going in that they're new to the game and that this place has a ton of potential. I see them rising to the ranks of Saigon and Chandler Pho.Keep it up AZ Pho and Grill.
