4	My boyfriends Mom and Sister referred me to to Paulene's. The place is sort of hidden between a yogurt shop and Wildflower Bread Co. I walked in on a Thursday mid afternoon, asked for a mani/pedi and got right in. I was surprised how busy the were for it being mid week and all. The staff was nice and polite and complimented my color choice...perhaps they were just being nice. :) Tammy did both the mani and pedi. She was very patient with me as I had asked for the Gel Soak Off for both. It usually takes a bit longer as there are more steps involved. Tammy was sweet and had a very relaxed tone in her voice. She worked clean and efficient and didn't try to push any extras...which I hate!!  4 weeks and counting after my visit, my pedicure looks brand new.  Sort of amazing for an open toe shoe junkie.Paulene's is clean, quick and a very pleasant experience. all around.Note:  Bring cash for tips...their CC machine only runs as debit.  :(  I had to take one star away for that.
4	I realized on New Year's Eve that I had done some terrible planning on my part and may not be able to get in to get a mani/pedi before my trip to Mexico due to most places being closed on New Year's Day.  I woke up early and headed to the closest place to where I was house sitting in hopes to beat the New Year's Eve rush.  I was able to get right in here at Paulene's.  Hannah was very friendly and did a great job.  My pedi is just now starting to look as though it needs freshening up (2 weeks have passed).  My mani started to go after a week, but I also spent a lot of time in the ocean during that week.  My only issue with this salon is that you cannot add a tip on if you are using your credit card.  I never carry cash and always use my check card.  I had to head to the atm afterward to get cash for Hannah.  I wonder how many people just end up not tipping because of this.  Be sure to bring cash before you go.  My basic mani/pedi was $40 before tip.
5	I love this place ! I did some research and read reviews. So I came here and started working with Kay. She is very gentle with my sensitive nails. Kay did a very good job. I would also recommend any of the ladies for pedicures. I am so relieved to have found a place that can do a proper job.
5	I have been going here for years.  The place is tucked in next to Wildflower Bread Company in the Sonoran Shopping center.  The place is spotlessly clean, the people are friendly and pleasant and they are always willing to accommodate me.  The tubs for pedicures has a disposable liner for each appointment and the instruments used are in a sealed sterile bag for each client.  Prices are very reasonable.  I highly recommend this salon.
4	Visiting from Mn and decided to try a different place in Scottsdale than I normally go to. Found Paulene's on Yelp and had good reviews so decided to check it out. Took my husband and son with me...my 7 year old loves getting pedicures with mom :). We were seated right away and given bottles of cold water. I noticed that the water started off hot, but as soon as they had the two other bowls filling my water was running cold. That is why I didn't give them 5 stars! I love soaking my feet in hot soapy water and here I got "warm" water.    Other wise everything was great. Staff was pleasant and very welcoming, chairs were nice..service was quick.    Do check their prices! I noticed on the card it said pedicures with everything we received were $32, at the register it was $37. If their prices changed, it didn't reflect it on their menu. Good place to go and I will be back!
5	I've been coming here off & on over the years always the best service! Clean friendly & great mani/pedis!  The owners always remember my name & greet me each time.  Staff is consistent & been there very long term.
5	I've been going to this place for years and still have yet to find another nail place like it. I drive 30 miles just to get my nails done and a pedicure because they're the best at both! It is located in Scottsdale so the prices are a bit higher than most. I get acrylic nails with shellac polish and a pedi with a scrub and it comes out to about $77 before tip but they're SOOO worth it!! Their pedicure comes with a complimentary hot stone rub at the end and is magical. Their chairs are amazing, make sure to flip the head cushion back for a more comfy feel. They have plenty of juicy gossip magazines (my guilty pleasure when I go to the nail salon) and other types as well. I've never been burnt or cut when getting my nails done here which is a HUGE plus plus in my book. All the staff is super friendly and not pushy at all! They also will cut my nails super short (most places won't, no matter how many times you ask). This place is amazing! Be sure to check it out and bring cash for a tip because they don't accept it on a card.
5	I was looking for a place to stop in and get a pedicure and found Paulene's on Yelp. The wait was around 15-20 minutes, which is not unexpected for a walk-in. There was a nice selection of trendy polish and the bottles weren't half full and gooped up. They line their tubs so I felt right away that they would get  5 stars for sanitation alone. My tech was Tammy and she did a fantastic job! I will definitely be back to Paulene's again and willl make an appointment with Tammy next time.  Nice salon, nice ladies. Find it next to the Wildflower Bread Co.
4	You know those mornings you wake up, look in the mirror and realize your eyebrows are out of control and they certainly didn't look that way when you went to bed? I was having one of those days so while I was picking up lunch from Wildflower I noticed a sign at the nail place next door saying they do eyebrow waxing. I've got $10 and some time to spare, what could go wrong? Nothing we wrong actually. They weren't busy so I got them done instantly, she was quick and to the point. My only complaint was when I went to pay, I wanted to add the tip to the credit card receipt but was told I couldn't do that and needed to go find cash. So out to my car I went (while she held on to my card) to find a few bucks. I've continued coming here 4-5 more times and each time by eyebrows look great. I have yet to get a mani/pedi but from what I've seen, they do a great job as well.
2	Thea place is 30/70 at best hit or miss mostly miss lately.  My gel manicure didn't even last a week. I can't go back anyMore . I don't have time to get my nails none every week ...
