2	This may be the first time I've gotten out of a place with a French tip pedicure for $25!  The place by my house that I normally go was undergoing a remodel so I decided to check this place out with a friend.   It was really busy on a Sunday.  Pedicure was $21 (+4 for anything fancy like French tips).   We thought it would be a rushed pedicure because they were so busy but they took their time on us, prepped our little piggies, scrubbed our feet good and painted perfectly.   Downsides:  Only take cash for tips (you couldn't add it to the credit card when you pay) so we had to run to an ATM and back.   Also, I had a lot of little gnats flying around my chair, my friend didn't seem to notice any by her chair- I was the closest to the door.  So it lost a cleanliness point for me.    (all the tools/staff seemed to be sanitary)Overall, nothing too special about this place other than it was a good price..
3	Met up with a few of my gal pals the other week for some girl bonding time.  We decided on this place as we had 2 of us coming from east phoenix , 1 from surprise, and one from the pv area.  I have to say, it was the fastest I was in and out of a pedi chair ever.  About 30 minutes.  Now my heels are not in the best shape, but they dont need a sandblaster either.  The gal spent maybe a minute tops on both feet.  The only good thing really was the gal cut my toenails as short as I wanted them.  I LOATHE long toenails.  Most places won't trim them as short as I like, so I was pleased when she obliged to go shorter.  Can not really touch on price as one of my friends treated me to my services for my Christmas gift.
2	I got a coupon in the mail for this place which offered several deals. I chose to call and make an apt (preferred by them) for Sunday. That was easy. I arrived 15 min early was greeted and seated on time. Those are the reasons I gave 2 stars. I failed to give 3 more stars because all the nail polish was overused, but more importantly, I did not feel the cleanliness like i do at other nail salons. I watched after the tech used the tools on me, she went to a sink behind a wall and did who knows what. I assume she washed with water and soap if we're lucky!! She then went on the do the next pedicure. I did not witness any chemical cleaning of pedicure bowls in between people either. Just doesn't excite me to return!
2	I went to this Queen's Nails for a pedicure because I had a coupon and thought I'd give it a try. I went on a slow Tues afternoon and there was only one other client there. They took me right away. The positives: they had my favorite OPI polish and my pedicure looks good. The usual comfortable massage chair. The negatives: Divorce Court blasting on the little tv on the wall. And the 3 employees loudly talking back and forth to each in their native tongue the whole time. If you're looking for a calm, relaxing salon experience, this was not it. Forget the coupon, I'll go elsewhere next time.
5	This place is amazing!!!! They are so friendly!!  We chat every time i come in!! Very clean and they do such a great job! I'm there right now getting my nails done for my wedding. If you don't like something (which never happens) they will fix it to make it how you like. I wouldn't go anywhere else. By the way..they always keep homemade cookies which are delicious.
2	Not very friendly atmosphere. Felt rushed in and out. The lady did a bad job on my acrylics they are crooked and not smooth. She also hurt me when putting them on and didn't want to listen to me about how short I wanted them. She didn't say a word to me the whole time I got a full set and pedicure. Went with 4 friends and no one was very satisfied. Will not be going back.
2	This place is not very clean at all. And instead of talking to you they talk to each other the whole time. I had flies buzzing around and landing on me. Just a bad feel all together. I expected more for the area . I should have gone to my regular place or Nails 101 right down the road. They don't accept tips in debit or credit card form which is weird. I had an unpleasant experience
5	Went in to get a pedicure. Very relaxing. My foot and calf massage was 4minutes long on  each leg, which felt amazing! Would definitely go back.
