5	Seriously?  I am so disappointed i am the only one on here writing a review for this place.  Because its the bomb!  For food that is . . . . . So it looks like some crappy convenience store from the road, its got some heart and people hugging on the symbol (AMP) which doesn't give it a lot of street creds in my book.  BUT THE FOOD IS AMAZING!!  Or just really good authentic mexican.  I consider myself a bit of a dive mexican restaurant snob (carolinas, los dos molinas, La tolteca, tacos jalisco, etc I work in south phx)  So when i tell you this place is good, believe me it is worth a try.  You got taco bell and about 5 other mexican restaurants in a  500 yard radius . . . . .and this place is more of a convenience store that just happens to have a hot kitchen in the place, but it is so good!  You must try their Gorditas with steak!  SO GOOD.The majority of their customers come from TT Roadhouse (a dive bar 100 ft away).  That is how we heard about it in the first place, we were checking out our local dive bar when I saw (and smelled) a girl eating take out.  I wanted to know where she got it, and what it was.  The rest is history.  I gave this place a 5 stars only for the food taste, because it is a convenience store not somewhere where you will have date night.  But friday night take out?  Yes!
4	Thank you Melissa! just moved to the neighborhood and first thing i always do is find the best authentic local mexican dive to make my new go-to joint.  tried tacos jaliscos first but they are temporarily closed for some issue with their lease so, based on your review, i gave AMP a try and it was great!  this isn't just one of those places that smothers a messy blob of cheap meat in cheese and sauce, they have a full on legit butcher in the back corner (which you can buy from) so you know everything is fresh, authentic and made to order.  i got the steak gordita as you suggested, and a chicken taco, delicious, can't wait to go back.  I only subtracted a star because while I was browsing the groceries i grabbed a bottle of ketchup and it had an expiration date of June 2011, and currently it's March 2012, so i'll stick to Fry's for my grocery needs but will definitely come back here for the food.
5	This is a little known gem that most folks have yet to discover. This is 100% real deal Mexican chow people! The food here is amazingly good considering that it comes from what looks like a dilapidated convience store in South Phoenix. The carne asada torta is simply out of this world, as are the enchiladas, and even the plain carne asada steak (btw their hot sauces alone are worth a visit). Anyway, while you might feel a little uncomfortable walking into what feels like a town on the wrong side of the border - just take home your own little piece of Mexico and eat it!!!
4	Fast, consistent, Sonora style Mexican food.  Been here a handful of times, always am impressed with the fresh flavors, and friendly staff.  Mind you this is not an eatery per se.  This is a Mexican market that has bomber kitchen in the back.
