3	I would like to thank the crew at Habit Burger for giving away free burger, fries and drinks on their opening day. The burger tasted good but had a very small patty. I hope when they are selling burgers the actual patty is bigger. The fries were ok, possibly frozen fries. The staff was friendly and food was pretty good. They have a few different types of burgers to chose from, I will have to give some of them a try. Tough competition in that area for burgers with Islands, In-N-Out and Wendy's all right there.
4	Excellent for service. Burgers were just burgers. Good, but expected spectacular!
4	No frills, Just burgers.Small menu but very good.I had a burger with regular fries.Tasty and well cooked.Bathroom has a changing table, which dangles over the toilet..that can be weird.I'm left handed, so my daughter's head is over the toilet. Super weird.Besides that..very clean, friendly service.Moderately priced.
4	Excellent burgers and a great atmosphere! The tri-tip sandwich was fantastic on grilled sourdough.  My wife had a charburger and loved the fact that she was able to add avocado. We will definitely be back.
4	Not my first time a The Habit, but glad to see one open fairly close. Lots of burger choices in this neck of the woods, but chances are I'll make the  Habit my choice for a good burger fix.These are not huge patties, but they are tasty and perfectly grilled.  The edges are slightly crunchy, yet this is not an over done burger. Be advised, if you order a single char, you don't really get enough meat to savor how tasty this burger is...my opinion at least. Noticed on the menu that they will wrap your burger in lettuce if you are looking to ditch the bun.Still have yet to try anything other than burgers, fries, and onion rings. I like the onion rings more than I like the fries. Big tri-tip fan, so that is going to have to be a choice one of these days. Now that I have a close location, that should become easier! If your significant other is a burger hater or just doesn't feel like having one, there are some tasty looking alternatives. What other burger places also have chicken, tri-tip, and albacore tuna? If all else fails, order a salad...The Habit always seems to stress good friendly service and that was on display here. Check it out!
4	Well another new restaurant opening here in paradise valley.....what else is new.....LOL!!! This location is also within walking distance of my apartment. So with that being said the wife and I had to go and check this establishment out for our Friday night date night. This restaurant is located in a newly renovated strip mall that will contain about 4 or 5 stores and when we walked in we were greeted immediately by a nice young lady. She offered us menu even though we had already checked out what was on the menu online. The restaurant was well lit....very clean...and had ample seating. There specialty is char-broiled hamburgers and chicken.....but they also make salads....tuna....malts and milkshakes for a sweet treat. I had the chicken sandwich with grilled onions....lettuce....mayo.....on toasted sourdough bread. I had a pretty good strawberry malt....but that is why I gave this locale 4 stars instead of 5. I have had some pretty good malts in my day and the one I had here was just average. If your going to make Malts they can't taste like ordinary milkshakes. However everything was outstanding including the service but be advised when you order they will give you a pager to let you know when your food is ready. I like this method because you can grab a table while you wait and then when the pager goes off you can go an pick up your order.Despite the fact that Jersey Mike subs.....chipotle......In and out burger......Mcdonalds.....Longhorn steakhouse.....Arby's.....Wendy's.....Culver's .....and Oregano's are all within walking distance of this locale.....I think it will be able to hold its on. We certainly will see as I plan to visit this locale in the very near future. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5	I love this place! Definitely worth checking out!
4	My friend brought me here with high expectations, and I have to say they were met! The menu is relatively basic, but everything's high quality for the very affordable price.  A MUCH better option than fast food (which I hate!) for around the same budget. They have coffee and mocha shakes that I really want to try - my friend had one a different time and said the shakes were good.Burger patty wasn't too big, but it was tasty. Buns are toasted really nicely so that they crunch in an awesome way. I had the Teriyaki Char (teriyaki sauce and a pineapple ring on top! Plus the other fixings) because it was something that looked kind of original and different. SO GOOD! I wasn't expecting it to be as tasty as it was but I loved it. I do want to try their veggie burger as well.If you're not too into burgers, don't fear! They do have other sandwiches and salads. I'll be coming back here.
4	Semi-fast food, I guess is how you would describe it.  We were pleasantly surprised at how non-greasy the burgers were.  They had a great char flavor to them.  I can't wait to try the tri-tip sandwich or the tuna sandwich, both of which I heard were very good.If you get a meal deal, keep in mind they come with A LOT of fries.  The fries are very good, just too many of them.  The staff is young but seem to learn quickly and are extremely friendly!  We will def be back.ps - They are open until 10pm!
3	This place brings some new excitement to the PV Mall area. Menu includes Grilled Burgers, Sandwiches and delicious sides such as Fries or Onion Rings. They even have several Fresh Salads as well Shakes, Malts, and Sundaes.Inside is very clean and the service is quick and friendly. Seating is somewhat limited and it can get pretty busy. Just bring a friend to eyeball a table while ordering. Tables turn rather fast.Cheese Burger, Cheese Burger, Cheese Burger, No Pepsi and a side of Onion Rings. Triple CB with everything actually for me. Wife did the single Charburger and some Fries. Super COOL condiment bar with a great selection of chili peppers and hot sauces to jazz things up a bit. Helped bring it up a notch or two.Burger were pretty tasty but lacked something. Seemed as if the burger patties were made ahead of time and possibly frozen before cooking them. Tasted a little too lean or dry and did not melt in my mouth like I was expecting. Maybe I just like my burger a little more greasy and smashed. Ha!Would be nice if you had Hot Dogs added to the menu. You got the grill going already and who doesn't like the DOG. Maybe should also consider getting rid of those outdated flashing beeper thingys that tell you when you order is ready. The number system works fine and you do not have to rewash your hands after returning it to get your meal. Hmmm?Give them a visit and check it out. ORDER UP!3.5 STARS
2	How much of California's refuse must we take before we finally scream, "That's enough!?"  Really, do we need any more fast food burger joints?I decided to give this one a shot, because I'm a nice guy, and I figured it should at least be better than In-N-Out.  I need a better burger option in my neck of the woods.Unfortunately, this does not fit the bill.First of all, I'm sure their char-grilled meat is great, but it's really hard to taste it behind all that salt.  This may have been the saltiest burger I have tasted since the one I had in Young, AZ, where I'm sure the top of the salt shaker came off when the cook was applying it.  Can you guys try using some real seasonings, or just let quality ingredients speak for themselves?  Maybe you don't HAVE quality ingredients.I feel sorry for the reviewers who said this burger needs to be more greasy.  The last time I saw something this greasy was at the Jersey shore.The fries were bland, unless you count salt as a real flavor.  I guess they needed that much salt to force my salivary glands to be productive enough to cut through those moisture-deprived starches from the freezer-aisle fries.At least this place is better than Burger King.  But Burger King does not make me get out of my car.  If I'm eating a greasy, salty, unhealthy burger, I might as well make my laziness complete and have the burger arrive right at my car door.  I run marathons, I deserve to be able to sit in my car when I get a burger! (Q: How can you tell if someone has run a marathon? A: They'll tell you.)I'm probably in the minority here... Americans love their salt.  I personally prefer a lower sodium diet that has real flavor and doesn't give me a stomach ache the next morning.
5	Loved the burger!  Very fresh and the restaurant is very clean.  Workers are friendly and helpful!  Great food!!
5	so good. in the PV area you have In-N-Out, Five Guys, Culver's and the Habit. I love In-N-Out for a cheap burger but if you want to take it up a notch The Habit is awesome. The char burger meat is so good. The onion rings are really good, some of the best. The only annoying part is you pay for cheese and bacon. I expect to pay for bacon but paying for cheese is kinda messed up. They should just include it on the burger for no extra cost. Regardless I still dig the burger. Best one around PV mall area.
1	While trying to order, I watched one of the dry cooks drop a spatula on the floor.  Then he picked it up and put it on the grill. I told the girl who was taking my order about it.  The other fry cool started flipping burgers with the dirty spatula.  She went back and talked to cook #2, who said it didn't happen.  She came back, I said 'it was the other guy'.  She didn't turn back around to take care of it.  I canceled our order.  We're now at Islands.
4	The first time I ate at this place, I would have given it 2 or 3 stars.  I got the mushroom swiss burger and fries and was really not impressed.  The next time I got a regular cheeseburger with onion rings and that's what I'm sticking with - really great.  I've also had a couple of sweet potato fries and those were pretty good too.  I like that I can order online and bypass the ridiculously long line and just pick up my food :)
2	Lemme start by saying if you are capable of slapping a burger on a grill and cooking it then you've got virtually no reason to go here. Unless you have neither a grill or ground beef. At that point though you'd be better off going with almost any other place that has burgers. My "Double Char Cheese" double cheese burger was akin to what I used to get at my high school football games. Lettuce, tomato, pickle, mayo, and caramelized onions only really added color to the over powering taste of dry charred meat. The fries were generic lightly salted deals with nothing special. They do offer sweet potato fries that I did not try.  It wasn't horrible or inedible but I wouldn't go back. In-N-Out across the street does this classic American meal much better.
4	Great experience! I ordered a pineapple teriyaki burger and regular fries. I was pleasantly surprised that my total was $7.50 for the burger, fries, and drink.   Based on the clean, stylish environment, I expected to pay $15.The fries were good but basic.The place is super clean. It's small.... So watch what time you go. They do have a lot of outdoor seating. I'll be back for sure to try their Tri tip sandwich and sweet potato fries.
4	Got one burger, one grilled chicken sandwich and one sweet potato fries. I really cannot complain about anything. The burger was cooked good and tasted like a burger should taste like. The sandwich was on a toasted bread with avocado and tomatoes, also very tasty.I'm actually surprised that this place got so many low ratings, considering it was packed and therefore seemed to be a popular spot. Also a plus - the pepper bar. I love anything pickled and I love peppers, so I was definitely a happy customer.
3	This place was good but not fantastic. If you want an amazing burger go to PV burger! These chains are constantly being hyped (like 5 guys) and they never live up. If you want something original, something extremely tasty, and something affordable go to Paradise Valley Burger! It's local and 100 times better. To give a few details the French fries were like Red Robin. The burger similar to 5 guys. The one thing I liked were the peppers available at a little mini "bar" off to the side. The place was clean and service quick. Overall pretty good. But not spectacular.
2	Came here, with my bf, based on Yelp reviews (3 stars) & thought it was going to be ok... And left very let down.  When we arrived, the line was long so we were excited to try it & it smelled delicious.  when we arrived at the order/cashier our order was taken with a smile:).  We found a seat outside on their patio with a misting system, that was great, sunce there was no sitting area inside.  Had we known that when we ordered our burgers that we were going to get a condiment ( a ton of mayo, another ton of lettuce, tomato, & pickles)  with a small burger patty, we would've gone somewhere else to get a decent burger.
2	This Is not a $6.00+ combo.  Come on really, a frozen patty only 1/4" thick for a "charburger"?  I think not.  I was not impressed by this brand.  I found it to be way overpriced.  The burger tasted like pretty much any other burger you get from a fast food burger joint.  This location has minimual seating.  I honestly wasn't sure I was going to actully be able to sit inside and I didn't want to sit outside.  The staff was very friendly, it didn't take long to get my meal, but those were the only good things about this visit.  French fries were just that french fries.  While others may make a "Habit" of eating here, I will not.
5	I thought the Habit was great! Very clean restaurant with friendly service. I ordered the #2 Double Char Cheeseburger. I think this might be better than the Double-Double from In-N-Out. The pepper bar is a nice touch with a choice of 3 different peppers to add to your burger.
1	Just a over priced in and out burger with a different name. And the fries tasted like they pulled them out of the ground and right into the deep frier. To over priced. Just another rip you off with bad food burger place.
3	I came here a couple of weeks ago because everyone had been talking about how good it was! The burgers were good, nothing special. There's definitely better burger places out there. The customer service was great, the only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because of the staff eating food behind the counter. I work in the food industry and seeing somebody eating food behind the counter was extremely disgusting! I probably won't be returning or recommending it just because of that.
1	Served nearly raw burger. Charred on the outside: raw on the inside. On-site manager did not resolve problem or seem to care. HORRIBLE QUALITY CONTROL.  Avoid!!
3	We came in on a Friday night for our first visit ever. It wasn't very busy so we got right to the front of the line. I ordered a chicken sandwich and my bf ordered a burger and onion rings. My sandwich was served in a bowl while his was served fast food style, half wrapped with the exposed side touching the side of the tray in the corner. It was a little off putting. I gave my sandwich a solid 4 stars for the price. However, his burger lacked flavor, he said we should have went to Carl's Jr for a better quality burger. The onion rings were good though, nice and crispy. It's unlikely we will be back.
5	Great burgers at a decent price.  Service was friendly and prompt and the atmosphere is awesome.  This is my new favorite local burger joint.
1	Habit Burger. A HABIT I DO NOT WANT.Tonight after shopping up a storm with the Mrs. (buying up Scottsdale for christmas), we were famished, ravenous, hungry, starving, and running on empty. We thought... "Let's try that new burger place"! So after the umteenth jewelry store, it was late, real late, we jumped into the family truckster and gunned it over to Cactus before it blue-hairs could cut us off once again in their mad dash of the xmas frenzy we've battled all day. Pulling into a welcoming empty lot and slid into Habit Burger. It was new, clean, and looked appealing. I was excited. I ordered the Tri-Tip Sandwich with BBQ sauce (that I had to walk back up to get later). Sweet Potato Fries and a Chocolate Shake, No Whip (for that's how I roll) and the Mrs went for the Grilled Chicken Salad.I ate what I could, except for the big ol grizzly piece of hard sinew that was found in my sandwich. I took it up to the counter to let them know and do I get a 'Sorry', or "what can we do to make it better' ...hell NO. The counter persons just says... "OK". What, did I hear you right?!? "OKAY" that's it? well fine, I go to leave and as I turn at the door just in time to witness the counter girl showing the piece I left with her to her store manager and they both give me an evil look as I exit.OKAY? NO, IT's NOT OKAY. I want someone just to say 'we're sorry.' They obviously are not. You just lost a customer for life, and I'll make it a HABIT never to return.Eek! Methinks not. I wish you luck with serving sub-level product to the masses.
3	Another upgraded chain burger joint...I checked out Habit because I heard they had a veggie burger. I stopped in mid-shopping on a Saturday afternoon. Loud pop music and perky staff. I ordered a veggie burger (which was more expensive than a beef burger) on sourdough with cheese and avocado added, with fries and a drink. The cashier, while very sweet, seemed a little flustered and confused with the ordering system.  As I waited for my order, I poured myself an iced tea. They have a great unsweetened tropical iced tea. I waited a good 10 minutes before my number was called. I noticed my burger didn't have cheese like I ordered. I took it back and they cheerfully fixed the order and brought it back to me with the cheese. I checked the receipt and noticed that there wasn't cheese on the order, so the fault landed on the flustered cashier. The burger itself was tasty but nothing extraordinary. All the ingredients were fresh tasting and of decent quality. I highly recommend ordering the sourdough. It complemented the veggie burger perfectly. I was annoyed that the avocado wasn't distributed evenly. If I'm paying a few more bucks for upgraded fast food, I expect a little more care be put into assembling. The first half of my burger was brimming with delicious avocado flavor but the second half barely had any. The fries were good. Not fresh cut or anything but nothing to complain about.If I'm in the area, I would stop by again for a quick lunch, but I would not go out of my way to come here.
3	Yet another burger joint.The Habit seems to have borrowed some elements from In-N-Out and some elements from Smashburger to come up with their restaurant.The burgers are pretty average. The sweet potato fries would be better if they weren't coated in some kind of batter.The rest of my family raved about how much they loved the food. I suspect that I would be more enamored with it if it weren't the umpteenth million paint by numbers burger "concept" I've eaten in this year. Maybe if you're less cynical you'll enjoy your burger more than I did.
4	Went here with my mom while I was visiting.  Great food at a great price!  I'll definitely go again next time I'm in Phoenix.
3	Went here for a quick lunch after a shopping trip with my mom.  You walk in and are immediately in line staring at a menu on the wall above the cashiers heads. You stand in line and order, pay, fill your drinks at the fountain and then sit down and wait to be buzzed.  The menu consists of single and double burgers with the option to add bacon, cheese, avocado etc.  I believe I saw a chicken sandwich and few salads on the menu as well.  But I was here for a burger. I went with a mushroom swiss burger and it was rather tasty. They call their burgers "char burgers" and there was that distinct grill flavor to my burger.  Mom got a double cheese char burger and was pleased.  We split a side of fries.  They were good but I wish we would've gotten the onion rings.  The table next to us had some and they looked delicious. I also noticed a pepper bar where you can add your own jalepenos or pepperoncinis, etc. next to where you grab your ketchup and napkins. In conclusion, it was a decent meal.  Would I drive out of my way to come back? Probably not.  But if  I happen to be near one when the next burger craving strikes, Habit Burger will satisfy my hunger,
4	Good, freshly cooked burger. Just got the basic burger and I would put it above all the normal chains. The addition of carmelized onions at no charge on the burger was a key to distinguish this place from other joints. It probably falls right below Five Guys, but if you need a freshly cooked to order burger fast, this is a logical choice.
2	Burgers not particularly noteworthy.  Chicken sandwiches are better, not a good sign for a burger place. Also, I understand the made-to-order concept, but it felt like it was 20 minutes to get our food.  I'd favor The Strand, In-n-Out, or Smashburger if in the mood for a non-national chain burger.
5	Amazing as always. Double char with bacon and onions, friendly, fast, and attentive staff. Awesome half and half fries and onion rings are always great. This picture speaks for itself come to Habit!
4	Yeah I'm down with this place. I got the chicken salad and my husband got the double char cheeseburger. He had been here before and couldn't wait to take me. We also got our son a single hamburger. He enjoyed it (he's only 17 months and a picky eater, so I was so pleased he liked it!). My salad was huge and very filling. My husband loved his burger. The fries were good but I was a little disappointed when I saw the guy behind the grill pulling out frozen fries and putting them in the deep fryer. What do I expect from a chain restaurant, but still. Fresh cut fries would be nice.
2	Got a coupon for a free charburger. I heard from a friend that the flavor "is similar to In-n-out but better". I'm not a HUGE In-n-out fan but it's OK so I tried the Habit. Of course you get the burger free but pay to add fries and a drink as expected. We then apparently made a mistake and asked for "cheese fries". (Which, btw, every restaurant I've ever been to can, and does, make.) Cashier said "Uhhhh...I don't know if we can do that. Let me ask the manager." Manager comes out and asks what we want. I explain again..."cheese fries...you know...fries with cheese melted on top." She says no...that they don't have that. ME: "Ok...do you have fries?" MANAGER: "Yes." ME: "Do you have cheese?" MANAGER: "Yes." ME: "Soooo...can you just put the cheese ON the fries?" MANAGER: "No." ME: "Is it about the cost? We can pay for the cheese separately as an extra piece of cheese for a burger and you can just put it on the fries. Would that work?" MANAGER: "We can't put cheese on your fries." ME: "Ok...can you just sell us a piece of cheese?"MANAGER: "Yes."Food comes out, and sure enough in a separate cardboard fry container...a single slice of cheese which we promptly flipped over on top of the fries and VOILA! Cheese fries! We made the amazing transformation right at the counter and showed them. I still don't understand why they couldn't just put it on the fries and skip the step and extra trash incurred by putting it in its own container, but whatever. Lol.So...aside from the cheese fry incident the Habit was...eh. The taste wasn't anything special...probably rather go to In-n-out. The fries (even with cheese on them) weren't very good. The burger patty was very small. I wished I had gotten a double and I don't normally get doubles. The meat to bread/lettuce ratio was terrible. The prices weren't a great deal. I would say I probably wouldn't go back unless I got another free burger coupon and even then, because of the inflexibility of the cheese fry issue I believe I can safely say I won't go back at all. It's not the cheese specifically, it's the inability of the staff (especially the manager) to be helpful and figure out a way to do something so simple that would make a first time visitor want to come back.
3	Their chicken sandwiches are great not a big fan of their burgers though , reasonably priced fresh and tasty
4	Great burgers and fries. Salads are also pretty good.
4	Another hamburger place has opened where Baja Fresh used to be.For a Thursday night, there were a few patrons. The prices are OK and you can custom make your own char burger. But if you look at the burger, it's only about a 1/4 inch thick. My wife was smarter and ordered the double char burger which she custom built. I ordered the Bacon Char burger. We ordered both the regular and sweet potato fries which where a bit salty. We both enjoyed our burgers.This place reminded me of Quizno which had the three different peppers that you could add to your meal at the condiment station.The staff was friendly and of course the place was clean.
5	The food was very good ( we ordered a chicken club sandwich, a #2 combo, and a grilled cheese kids meal), it was affordable, the restaurant was clean and the service was excellent.
5	I love this burger joint if you're looking for a large burger and fries at a reasonable price you have to consider here everyone was friendly and my burger was huge gave me -itis lol but was well worth it for $6 bucks
5	This place was great all the way around.  Not only was to food really good but the service was equally as good.  I will definitely eat there again as it is my new favorite burger place to eat.
2	The problem is the bun.  It simply can't hold up to the burger and that's a problem.  The meat is tasty and it's very similar to an In and Out burger and I love In and Out.  If you're the same way, don't settle for an imitation, just go across the street to In and Out.  I had the double burger and it was a disaster by the time I finished eating it.  I mentioned it to some of my new co-workers and they said the same thing, that they typically get the burger as a lettuce wrap (which doesn't solve the problem but the results are the same).Ordered the fries and was not impressed at all.  In and Out fries are much, much better. These reminded me of a bag of OreIda frozen fries circa 1975 that my mother would dump onto a cookie sheet, say a hail mary, and slam into the oven at 400 degrees and hope for the best, knowing in her heart it wasn't going to be good.  Sorry, just bad.Liked the ice tea and the jalapeno bar.  Seating is non-existent at the lunch hour, forced to sit outside in the 102 weather.  It was quasi shaded so I was only quasi irritated :)Bottom line, just not my favorite.  Lots of great burgers in the Valley, this isn't one of them.  Go north three miles to Paradise Burger Company on Bell just off the 51 and you'll have a much better meal.
4	First time here.... It was pretty much amazing! I had the Santa Barbara burger! Super excellent! The manager on the floor was nice and friendly as well! Two thumbs up!!! Ps the onion rings looks really good too, but I had the fries. Next time I'll order them.
4	I love their burgers. They're cooked to order and served up piping hot. Their fries are always crisp. For me, nothing beats ketchup with a few splashes of hot sauce & Habit always has Cholula & Tabasco near their condiment station. There's obviously an emphasis on service with a smile at every Habit I've visited and any dining experience is better when you feel genuinely welcome and you feel the staff are doing their best to earn your repeat business.Not nearly as busy as the 7th & Glendale location and perhaps this location is not very well known or overshadowed by several competitors close by.
4	My mother recommended we go here for lunch one day... and I was pretty annoyed that we passed an In-N-Out to get here.We walked in and the place was busy! The line moved fast and the service was extremely friendly. I couldn't believe the great prices and the side options. I went for the Mushroom Swiss Char and the Onion Rings with in-house made Ranch Dressing. As soon as I sank my teeth into that burger I instantly forgot about In-N-Out. Great flavor, and the mushrooms were overflowing out the sides! YUM! The Onion Rings came out super-hot and were fresh and crunchy. The ranch dressing was pretty tasty too! Next time I really want to try the Tempura Green Beans. Glad we have a great new burger place in the neighborhood!
5	Great casual place. Burger was great, I would compare it to a $13-$14 sit down place like red robin but half the price. Area was clean and the staff was friendly. New favorite spot!
2	I had high hopes for The Habit burger so I am disappointed that I did not enjoy it much. The flavors of the burger were just okay and for the price I would have thought my burger would have been a little bigger. I do enjoy the condiment station that offers you jalapenos, pepperoncinis, etc. However, for the price and quality In-N-Out is just down the street and, in my humble opinion, better.
4	Everyone was extremely nice and helpful (our first time there). I got the single charburger, my son got the tri-tip and we shared some onion rings.  My burger was very good and as much as I love Smashburger, it's too greasy. This burger was not greasy at all and had tons of flavor; was delicious. My son's sandwich was perhaps a bit overcooked, but he liked it and would order it again.  The onion rings were great too.  I think it is priced well and we will absolutely go back and try other things on the menu!
4	They are a chain but quality is excellent.  I would definitely go again.
5	I love this place because it is superclean the food is amazing the service is incredible and it is always great. There is plenty of parking and everything is really fresh.There are a lot of restaurants in this area but the habit hamburger restaurant is the best by far.
4	The Habit has great shakes. They're perfect after you finish your double char burger. Being from CA, I was stoked to see The Habit in AZ, even though for some unexplainable reason, it's just better in CA.
5	I am so happy my daughter and I ate there today!! It was so good!! I like how they cook right in front of me!! Friendly atmosphere
4	Had never been here before but thought I'd give it a try. It was excellent! Extremely fresh and delicious. Clean facility and very friendly staff :)
4	Big fan of Habit! Great if you're looking for more options than In-N-Out (such as delicious onion rings). Food always tastes great and the service is excellent. Also an option if you don't plan on drinking and don't want/need the whole sit-down experience
4	Burger was good. Grilled chicken sandwich was good. Liked having French roll available instead of burger bun and honey mustard instead of mayo. Was surprised that the price was no more expensive than a combo at a fast food joint but much better dining experience. Would definitely dine here again.
5	Awesome place! Went their with my father and ordered a mushroom char burger and it was delicious. Prices are very good, 4.50$ for my burger and everything on the menu was under $7. If you want a good burger with a clean and modern look check this place out.
