5	Madeline is amazing. I walked in and was out in 20 minutes with a great hair cut! Only $10 too. Can't beat it. It pretty new, give it a shot!
5	We were new in town and my sons had picture day coming up!  Madalyn said she doesn't normally do kids but she did not turn us away.  Excellent hair cuts and she was very kind and made my boys look really sharp for their important day.  Quick and very affordable, and she was great with my squirmy kids.  I liked that the cuts did not look boxy like a lot of "standard" little boy cuts do.
5	I went after reading the yelp reviews and I was not disappointed. Madelyn is kind and gives a great cut. It was quick and well done! Then I signed the wall! Will be back, it was only $10 for the cut.
5	Great haircut. Quick. Cheap. And a very nice lady.The perfect place to get a haircut for guys in Champaign.
5	Recently moved to area and choose this place for my first try at finding a local barber. Madalyn is the only barber their and the line can get rather long but it is worth the effort and if your looking for a solid local barber look no further. considering i had no pinpoint idea of what i wanted she did a amazing job and i will be seeing her whenever i need a touch up. thanks again
5	Went looking for a cheap haircut when I first got to town and looking through Yelp, Pizzazz looked like the place for me. I've since been 3 times and love the relationship I've been able to build with Madlyn! It's always a riot when we are together. She is very good at what she does and the price can't be beat. Before my last haircut, I had tried to clean up the back of my head using clippers at home. When I came in and asked Madlyn how it was, she graciously pointed out that I had made a royal mess of myself and trimmed a two inch swath through my head! She did an excellent job fixing my mistake, joking with me about my goof, giving me styling tips, and nursing my wounded pride.  :P I feel like I am always able to ask Madlyn any question about my hair or how my haircut is going. Multiple times I have said something like "I wish my hair looked more like this..."  or "do you think trying this would work?" and every time Madlyn is able to answer my question and/or respond to my request. I always leave feeling great about my cut and having had a good time. I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a great haircut from a great stylist at a great price!
5	While looking for apartments for my move to the University of Illinois I wanted to get a quick haircut. Being new in town I relied on feedback online to find a place and thankfully I stumbled on Pizzazz. Madlayn is incredible, she seems to take a genuine interest in her customers rather than idle small talk to get you in and out. Her walls are full of signatures from repeat customers and now includes my own. The haircut was great and it would be hard to find a better place for just $10.
4	I love a barber where I can walk-in and get immediate service. Something to note is that the owner, Madeline, does have summer hours where she closes at 4:00pm rather than the usual 5:00pm. Even though I arrived at 4:00pm, she was more than happy to service me. She's a great conversationalist and gave me a wonderful haircut at a low price of $10. Something to note is that you need to park in the right parking spot since the owner of Sister Curls will come out and force you to exit her parking space if parked in the wrong space.
1	Wonderful lady, but didn't really do what I asked her to do, cut too short where I asked for it to stay longer.  Rough edges, etc.
5	Just needed a quick haircut, even something quick and dirty so I went here after seeing the reviews on yelp. Madlyn was extremely nice and knowledgeable and I even got a new hair style from her! I'm just angry I didn't find out about her until senior year.
2	She's pretty nice, but got passive aggressive throughout the haircut. She doesn't know how to cut male Asian hair, it was very mediocre. I was disappointed on multiple occasions hoping she would get it right. It is convenient how you don't need to make an appointment, its 10 bucks, charges more for things like washing your hair if you have product before you come in.
