2	Their kitchen closes way too early !  Lay-out of the whole place isnt good and needs to be improved.There simply is something wrong with the over-all lay-out of Marcel's that doesnt make you feel at home.                          Rest rooms arent maintained. Always strewn with paper all over. Everything inside is Boring and DULL!The place needs MAJOR MAJOR SURGERY!My guess is the business is probably out for sale. To say this place sucks is an understatement!
3	Went last night with the wife for a few drinks to avoid hitting up any of the usual places. Definitely one of the local dive bars.... not always a bad thing though. No doubt, the place is dated, not the cleanest establishment I have ever beveragated in, and the locals were, um, rough. But dammit it was cheap drinks and sometimes you want a good local dive bar for that very reason- cheap booze and good people watching. I can't really speak for the food, we ordered fried mushrooms and chips & salsa and they were exactly what I was expecting- not good, but exactly what I was expecting. Can't speak for the bathroom cause I chose to hold it, but the wife went and came out in one piece so I am sure she has lived through worse. All things said and done, we ordered aforementioned shrooms and chips & salsa, I had 4 Fat Tires, the wife had 4 (yes 4!) vodka tonics and for the hell of it we did 4 (weak) Kamikaze shots and the bill was $58- I rest my case!
4	One of my favorite dive bars! I go either on a Friday or Saturday night for karaoke. Jack, the KJ is very friendly as well as most of the staff. I have no idea what the other reviewers here are talking about when they say the rest rooms are dirty. Not once in the 4 years I have been going there have I seen it a mess. There was no paper strewn everywhere, and for a dive bar they have potty protectors and automatic toilets! Rare!The food is o.k nothing fab. But not bad either. It's inexpensive bar food. But they do have a steak special for 6.99 on the weekend. They re modeled the place. Inside is nothing special but they did add a nice patio with tables and chairs and misters. Marcels attracts a late night crowd. The place can get very busy after 11pm. The regulars here are nice working class folks. A mixture of professionals and blue collar workers. Along with your biker chicks and ladies that have designer handbags and shoes. Young and old. I love the place. What makes it divey is that it's small and dark. Not the neighborhood. I have seen rougher clientele at Brigette's Last Laugh and I like that place as well. But Marcel's has my vote on where I like to hang out with friends and just drink and sing!Edit: 6/11/11: Brad is now the karaoke host. He by far exceeds my expectations. He has the best karaoke system in the valley and best song list. He does not play favorites and is FAIR in his rotation. We have been a regular at this place for years now. The bartenders and servers are wonderful. The food is just ok. Bar food what do you expect? But they usually have a special going on. I love this bar.
2	Meh. I've experienced better.
4	A great place to have a beer and relax! The staff is extremely friendly!
2	Bar staff is great and the crowd is friendly. The kitchen is either lazy or plain just does not give a hoot. I got the Turkey melt to go. Reads really tasty on the menu. Nice amount of turkey and bacon, but the bread was like uncooked french toast. Good place to have a beer and hear interesting conversations, but they need to work with the kitchen.
5	I have been going here for over 10 yrs, seen the place remodeled 3-4 times, and 3 karaoke hosts.....I love the neighborhood feel of the bar the friendly and surly staff, the atmosphere is what it is a BAR and GRILL decent food decent prices and fun in the air, Sherry and Misty the bartenders i see most are awesome and have been there forever, they remeber and care greatly for their regulars and try to make new ones quick, but the Crown Jewel of this place is Wed-Sat nights, KARAOKE BY BRAD, He has been here for past 3 years and continues to have the newest music available for the group of singers, No favoritism here he has alot of regulars but no one gets preference in line up, and you always know whos up next by the TV screens that show the next 4-6 in the line up, his sound sytem and professionalism is superior my wife is a Karaoke Junkie and loves this place "The Shellie Show"...  Also Happy Hour here is great too LOW prices on Domestics 11-7 daily   yes 11-7 ....  Stop by  I did still going since 2001
3	My wife and I walk down to this place sometimes.  It's a good neighborhood bar with good food and good prices  We went for their kareoke one night and had a fun time.  good hang out spot for good for watching  sports.
2	Yeah, doubt I'll be back. Been there once before, but not my favorite. It's your local dive bar with below average greasy food and in a dire need for an update, including new bar stools which is the only seating they have.
4	Cool place. Cold beer good food and people are friendly and talkative. Just feels like a nice place to hang out.  Others have called it a dive bar, it's just small, and a little weathered, but found it to be clean. Will definitely return!
5	Just a fun light hearted friendly neighborhood pub.  Getting to know more and people here. Everyone is just friendly salt of the earth people.
1	This place is not only a filthy dive bar but the waitresses are obviously getting kick backs from the cab service they employ. We walked in and they wouldn't even serve us until we committed to catch a cab even though we walked their and hadn't even ordered a drink yet. Don't go there unless you are in to stinky, dirty bars that have no respect for regular customers. We will never go back again! It's a dirt hole of a place.
5	It's good cheap drinks with a laid back crowd. Full of regulars. It's nothing fancy but we live close enough to walk. It's a great place to drink it up out of the house for cheap.
4	Marcel's has the best staff and owner in the area. Mercedes coming home was a blessing. All the girls are great. Exceptional value on drinks and food. Great neighborhood bar and they open at 10 for anyone who likes Little Big Town's DAY DRINKING.BOB
