2	All we tried were the Deep Fried Cajun Pickles...well they were not crispy and they had no flavor, the remoulade sauce they recommended was no help. The staff was nice...it took longer than expected just for the pickles. Price was good and so was the amount we got but I won't get the pickles if we belly up to their truck again.
5	Best customer service ever.While that seems like such a cliched throwaway line, in my case, I found it to be true.  I discovered the Rusty Pickle at the Clustertruck event by South Point this week.  And I love fried pickles.  They are truly my ultimate guilty pleasure.So imagine the frown on my face when they announced they ran out of pickles right before I got to the counter.  Without pickles, does that merely make them "Rusty"?So I had a second chance to try them out upon spotting them at First Friday.  The line was smaller, fried pickles were still on the menu, I spoke to the greeter, joked about the bad luck I had the food truck event, ordered....Their credit card machine was out of order.  Two in a row.However, the nice lady didn't want me to miss out for a second time, and in return, I received some fantastic customer service all the same.The pickles themselves were tasty.  You could tell they were hand-cut by some of the BIG sizes, the batter was good, but not overpowering, and the seasoning was excellent.  These were some high quality pickles, and oh so guilty.  To my dismay after eating, I realized they had dipping sauces, but as a standalone treat, I really didn't mind.  They hold up well on their own.  Next time, I suppose.And there will be a next time.  There are not enough kind people in the world, and someone who works to maintain an excellent customer service experience will ensure my repeat patronage.  Being a food truck, not only will I go to The Rusty Pickle again, I will actively search them out wherever they may be, and I'm going to bring some hungry friends who appreciate some fine fried pickles.Keep your pickle stock high this next time, Rusty Pickle!  I'll be sure to tell everyone I know how awesome you guys are.  Nice people deserve good business.
2	Went to my first food truck festival, it was small, only around 5 trucks there, so I made it a point to bring a friend so we could split everything and try them all. At this truck we tried the combo which included, Cajun spiced fried pickles, mushrooms, okra, and zucchini. The order was $5 for a large, ummm the only thing large about this order was the basket thy put the food in. The pickles def didn't taste Cajun, there were no okra, 4 mushrooms, and maybe 2 zucchini. None of them had flavor. I was more upset I wasted calories on this, never mind the $5. So far I'm 0 for 3 on the food truck tasting. I don't understand all the fuss. I wanted to add an update, I received an email from Jan S. today apologizing for our experience and offering to buy us dinner or dessert next time. That's good customer service, thanks Jan, If I decide to give the Las Vegas food truck scene another go, I will stop by. I'm adding a star for your nice offer
4	We went out to the Vegas Streats festival and even among the variety of food truck options, the Rusty Pickle truck lured us in with the promise of fried okra in the desert (a rare find).So we ordered up a basket of fried okra and to be fair, we weren't expecting much since fresh okra is mostly only found in Southern cooking (at least in US cuisine).  So let me say it plainly: Rusty Pickle's fried okra was perfect.  Fresh okra with perfectly light breading and wonderfully spicy remoulade sauce.  Well done, truck, well done.  We loved it.I also ordered the tri tip slider--tri tip steak on a Hawaiian bun with caramelized onions, smoked gouda and special sauce.  It was . . . pretty good.  The meat was tender and delicious.  The caramelized onions were expertly prepared, but the smoked gouda . . . well, it was pretty much non-existent flavor-wise.  5 stars for the okra (which should be called award-winning because it should be winning awards sooner or later).  4 stars for the trip tip.  So we'll call it 4.5 stars overall.
3	This is the only truck I've seen that serves green salads.  Cobb and tri-tip, to be precise.  Plus they make pot pies and proceeds go to benefit Candlelighters.  But the food didn't rock my world.I tried the chicken and waffles pot pie.  Sounded like a great idea.  It came with a blueberry, blackberry sauce.  Ok, I can dig that.  But the dough (which I am assuming was supposed to the waffle part?) had no flavor.  Neither did the chicken, although there was a lot of it.  There was some bland stuffing in there too for some reason.  The fruit sauce, although inventive, didn't do much to save it.  Another pet peeve, they don't have to go containers.  The food just get wrapped up in foil in a wimpy paper basket.  The fruit sauce leaked through in no time.Nice folks running the truck. Maybe I need to try the fried items.  I had high hopes but unfortunately it was just ok.
4	I noticed that the Rusty Pickle had deep fried pickle slices on their menu and ordered some right away.  They were great.  Fresh pickles covered with a light coating of batter, fried to order and served hot.  I hadn't heard about this food truck before seeing in the crowd at First Friday.  I checked out their website afterwards and see that they describe themselves as "dedicated, trained chef artisans" and I agree with them.  The ordering process was smooth, the food is expedited by one person and even in the small space of their truck the employees work like they know what they are doing.  Before I ordered the pickles, one of my friends mentioned that he didn't like pickles but he tried one anyway.  He was hooked, I think he ate more than I did.  I sent him a text telling him that I want more of the pickles right now, he agrees.
2	It looks like they switched their batter on their fried pickles. They are going for the traditional cornmeal crust, which in my opinion is terrible. Limp, and too sour. I tried it about a month ago at the Tommy Rockers event when they had a more tempura like batter on them. That tended to make them crispier as well as it took a lot of the sourness away.
4	Their name is misleading because they're so much more than pickles. As someone who dislikes pickles I was close to passing them up for another food truck. But, I checked out their menu and my stomach is happier for doing so.They've got salads, sliders, chicken tenders and pot pies, along with sides (fried pickles, okra, zucchini, mushrooms, and fries). Getting 3 sliders for $7 is the way to go so you can try each of the three options. The chicken was on the dry side, but the tri-tip and pulled pork were tasty, particularly with their sweet/smokey BBQ sauce. That's the key to their food -- the sauces. I only grabbed one kind, but it made a huge difference.Service was quicker than your typical food truck. I think I had my food within ten minutes of ordering.
4	This review is based on a single order of Fried Pickles at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest.The pickles were served as sliced discs lightly battered in likely cornmeal, and at the time I found them to be excellent-tasting when dipped in the mild, smooth pink remoulade provided.  But I was disappointed that no tomato ketchup was available as a second dip, so had to apply barbecue sauce instead.  A goodly amount of pickle slices was supplied, and it took me awhile to finish them all--which was a good thing, because I could savor each disc while I waited for my sandwich to be prepared at the Devilicious food truck nearby.  I thought the price for this appetizer was also fair for a lip-smackin' starter (based on food truck fare never seeming to be low in cost).
1	The fried pickles were soggy and flavorless. I like a good fried Pickle, but these need work.  While this was their first event, I expect more from a truck called The Rusty Pickle.
5	Hands down, the best fried zucchini i've ever had :)I will be back for more.
3	I took a trip to the Downtown 3rd Famer's Market today on my lunch break to grab some fresh fruit and veggies for the next week. Last time I went, I had Fuku burger (can't go wrong), but this time I saw the Rusty Pickle truck and thought I'd give it a try. I ordered 2 sliders - 1 pork and 1 chicken and an order of sweet potato fries. I sat down and the order was brought to me within 5 minutes. 5 points for speed!When an employee brought me my sliders, she asked me if I wanted any sauce with them? I was slightly surprised because I assumed their meat would have already been seasoned/sauced, but I said yes and she brought me a side of the "sweet and spicy" BBQ sauce. The pork slider was really juicy and moist, served on a Hawaiian bun with some onion. However, it lacked flavor. I now understand why she asked me for sauce. Had I not said yes, I wouldn't have been able to take more than a couple of bites of this bland pulled pork slider. The chicken was almost exactly the same as the pork, just a little bit less juicy. There really wasn't anything impressive about this meat... very bland and not on par with other sliders such as the Slider Truck. However, the sweet potato fries were absolutely wonderful and if this truck ONLY served sweet potato fries they would get 5 stars! The fries were crispy, cooked perfectly, and seasoned with something wonderful.Also, a coworker of mine had the fried pickles and she said they were AMAZING.Overall, I wouldn't chose this truck over any other local food trucks because the lack of flavor was really disappointing.
2	Round Two! ding-doh?!I recently was at an event that featured the Rusty Pickle Truck. They were giving out samples of their pickles and a Pulled Pork BBQ Slider. The Pickles were better, but still not crunchy or all that special. The Slider however was really good. It had a good flavor, and was well made. While I may not like the pickles, I would order this again.
5	I had the pulled pork sliders and the fried pickles at a Yelp event a few weeks ago.  While I enjoy fried food as well as pickles, I was amazed at how delicious these fried pickles tasted.  At most joints, fried pickles are usually over breaded and very greasy.  But these were seasoned just right and not too oily.  Also, the pulled pork sliders were very tasty.  If I hadn't been eating all night, I would have ordered several more!Also, since this was a Yelp event, I had the opportunity to chat with Chef Melissa for several minutes.  I was impressed by how energetic she was about her food.  I was also jealous of some of the dishes she has created, but did not have at the event.  My favorite was a chicken and waffles pot pie!  If I lived in Vegas, I'd follow her all throughout the city.
1	I went to the Vegas StrEATS they had Downtown and saw this truck. I decided to try an order of "Fried Pickles".They cost $5 and were so greasy The girl who took my order was very friendly. I saw the man in the truck freshly battering the pickles and frying them.When my order was up I asked if I could get some ranch dressing for dipping and she had a squeeze bottle if it and put it right int he corner of my Fried Pickles and it was warm and watery. I also had several hairs in my food :(One thing to note... It is a decent helping of Fried Pickles so you could easily share with another person.... or just skip.
3	Truck was at Khoury's Wine Store last night. Had their shrimp po-boy and fried pickles. Poboy served on a standard sub roll with shreaded lettuce, halved grape tomatoes and about 6 or 7 medium sized fried shrimp. I think there was some type of sauce, or maybe it was just mayo. It was pretty bland. Fried pickles were tasty, but not something I'd crave in the middle of the night. The folks on the truck were extremely nice. I wish them the best.
5	The Rusty Pickle serves up southern food and I saw them from across the park at the food fest this summer and prayed that they still had Fried Pickles thinking they may have sold out I was so late that night.  I was lucky and got two orders and the glances of those around me was priceless;  I guess they had never seen fried pickles and I then convinced them to get in line and give them a try;  oh and not being a special sauce type person I'm glad they messed up my order and gave me the sauce on the side as it complemented the sliced pickles (sliced is so much better than spears) perfectly;  I'm ashamed to say I then went and stood in line for another food truck but trust me if they treat the rest of the food like they do the pickles you won't be sorry;
