5	The customer service I received at Sun City RV was some of the best I've received in all my years of full time RV travels!While travelling thru Arizona the Suburban water heater on my RV malfunctioned and would not ignite. Spending the majority of my time "boon docking" off the grid, this was a serious problem. Based on my location, the Suburban customer service department referred me to Sun City RV as a factory authorized service center.I telephoned Sun City RV and was informed the service department was completely booked and not accepting appointments for at least two weeks. After explaining my predicament to "Bob", the service department's scheduler, he told me to drop by and they would at least take a look at the problem for me.Upon arrival I dealt with Bob, "Hugh" the technician, "Jim" the parts procurement specialist and "Darrell" the warranty specialist. Despite a series of obstacles, the four of them were able to resolve my problem and get me back operational in less than two hours and with minimal expense.In conclusion, I would highly recommend Sun City RV for your RV service needs. Without a doubt, this crew was a class act willing to go the extra mile for me. It would have been just as easy for them to have given me the "so sorry" line and sent me on my way. Instead they made a loyal and satisfied customer!
1	All I can say is I have bought an RV from them and that will certainly never happen again. I came back a week later with some questions. I think they thought I was going to try bringing it back. They treated me like complete garbage. I would never recommend these knuckleheads. I have bought RVs since and didn't even consider them. I don't even care if I ended up paying more.
1	I can only review Consignment process!  Brought in  a travel trailer for consignment, in excellent condition.  The rep showed me NADA rating and said MSRP was only about $6000 and they offered me $4500!  I asked for $5000 based on the information provided!  They said they could probably only sell it for $6500!!!  Three days later I see my trailer listed on their site for $10,700!  They did nothing to earn that much of a profit in my trailer, trailer was in excellent condition!!  Questionable business practices!  I CANNOT RECOMMEND THIS BUSINESS!  Beware and do your homework!  Unfortunately I did not!  They do not disclose the actual sale price so the possibility was that the business earned as much as I did on MY trailer for little effort!  I highly recommend asking what you think it's worth and be willing to walk away!
1	I traded my truck and 5th wheel for a 2007 Alfa motorhome 9/5/2014 and after papers signed everything went downhill.  But, that is another story.  They owe me $525 from overpayment on my trade.  I have talked to them 7 times and get they same thing ..Its in the mil. or will be mailed.  2 weeks ago the manager Don assured me it was written out and going in the mail.  I have talked to them twice since then and still nothing.  It is frustrating working with people like thisOther problems that are mine now.very poor walk through.  nearly wrecked motorhome because was not told about air brake. thought it was automatic like my trade.Water fill does not work.tv not working properlythey tried to defraud the insurance company about  refrigerator.I thought that they might be an ok dealer because of their BBB rating now I have to report to the BBB.George Cossitt
