5	Al-Taib is delicious and so freaking cheap! A student's dream come true... You can order a feast of some of the most tastiest and freshest food in Montreal for 5-10$. The falafel sandwich is very tasty complimented by a tahini sauce with the perfect consistency, fresh vegetables, and mint that you can have put on the sandwich for a couple of cents extra. Spicy meat and Lahameh bil Agine are also great lunch/dinner opitions, for breakfast try the Za'atar Manakish or the Cheese Manakish or better yet get a half-and-half. Oh yeah... they also serve up a mean pizza free of grease and always fresh.The main outlet on Guy-Concordia is open late so definitely swing by here if you are looking to get something to eat after a late night partying or studying. You will not get better value for your dollar anywhere else in the city. If you are closer to McGill you can always swing by the Al-Taib express in the basement of Gert's open on weekdays from 10am-6pm.
5	I LOOOOVE this place! Their pizzas are good but seriously you have to try their pita wraps! Only $2.50 it's unbelievable how far your money goes here. I usually order their "spicy meat pita" or "laham blajen" (make sure they put mint leaves in it!!)Sometimes they're "out" of mint which pisses me off.. they need to really stock up on that stuff!! Out of all the restaurants in Montreal, once my plane lands, I am here within 24 hours. No joke.
5	Best place in Montreal to grab a cheap and delicious slice of pizza. Hands down! The line can be intense but it moves very quickly. Just be ready to give your order when your turn comes up!
4	Very good place to eat slice of pizza, not expensive and good quality
4	Haven't been to the other ones, but this little shop was great. I believed I googled 'cheap pizza' in Montreal, and found this on the list. Restaurant served great pizzas and arabic dishes. Tried the Laham Bagine by recommendation, and was amazed. All in all, two big slices of pizza, two pita-style dishes, and a coke equaled 9 dollars! Went for lunch, but supposed this place was a haven for drunks in the area.
3	Al-Taib is fantastic.  With a menu in French and Arabic, it has to be good!  The pizza here is really good, and the service is quick as well.  This is key if you are out shopping and want a quick bite or are out late night and want a slice before going out to the bars.  The funniest pizza is the "Mexicaine", I never knew there was such a thing as a Mexican pizza.  I guess you learn new things in Montreal.
4	Al Taib gets a solid 4-star rating for its manakish.  Most are pre-made and waiting in the refrigerator.  I had the cheese/zaatar and lahm bi' ajeen versions.  While the cheese/zaatar was certainly enjoyable, a more pronounced cheese/zaatar presence, along with a more generous application of olive oil would have made it truly excellent.  The crust is thin, crispy edges and tender center, and folds very nicely.  The lahm bi'ajeen is very good, not overly full of toppings, but not sparse.  I believe the oven is key to the bread's overall quality, as it is a high temperature stone oven.  Quite inexpensive, $4.50 for both.  A varied assortment of manakishes are offered, some traditional, some a little less so (kafta and shawarma toppings)
4	i would eat the pizza here every day.  It's weird how middle eastern and pizza places are merged together everywhere in Montreal.. nonetheless, fresh, tasty and cheap.
3	Funny little place, we enjoyed it, but it was hard to understand the menu and options. We got two slices of pizza, nice and I did a plate at the salad bar, by the pound.  Fresh cheap and nice, I would love to know what I should have ordered.
2	This place is located in a great location. We stopped here on our way back from Mont Royal. It isn't too far from the base and is located close to the universities. It was a great price. We had falafels. They were alright, but just alright. There were no pickled turnip and the falafels were a bit on the dry side. It is alright if you are looking for something fast and cheap but if you are looking to enjoy your food I would pass.
5	You have to try Al-Taib!! The food was excellent and is very inexpensive.  Its a great place to grab a quick bite.
3	Pizzas are ok.
3	The food is good I have nothing to say regarding that but what really bothers me is the staff. They are impolite and have poor customer service, it blows my mind how I'm trying to talk to them on multiple occasions and they just stare at you with no answer as if I'm talking to myself.It clearly shows they hate their jobs.Hire nicer people
4	Quick delicious cheap eats! All the pies were pre made, but you could tell they were made that same day, very fresh and the dough was well flavored with the right amount of chewiness. I would go back if I was in Montreal.
