5	These guys always take great care of our commerical and residential doors.  Even helped us create a custom designed lift from garage door parts.  Best service and great prices.  Always there for us and have never been let down.
5	We send these guys quite a bit of business. They always do a good job. But this review isn't about that. It's about MY experience. When the tech arrived from Stapley he was on time. I like on time. Okay hold on, let me start over. The backlog to this story: When I leave for a weekend, my house goes on lock down. I'm paranoid like that. So I have this special locking mechanism for my garage door, you know for extra reinforcement in case someone decides to break in and feed my 80lb wolf. Well, in my haste, upon returning home after a long weekend, I tried to open said garage door while said locking mechanism was still engaged. Bad idea. Ripped the dang garage door opener right off the door, and some of the door with it! Sheesh. Embarrassing. It took me a week just to tell my fiance what happened. So back to Stapley. Tech comes out, looks at door, saves me the embarrassment by not asking me why the door looks the way it does. Tells me what my options are. I like options. Then says, you know I can just put "this thing here", and he totally fixed it. He was able to bypass broken part with new part, and charged me significantly less than what I would have expected. I was pretty pumped. All the while, the tech doesn't know that my company gives him lots of business and yet the service he offered was outstanding. Oh, and before he told me what the cost was going to be, he also helped me reattach a hanging storage unit at his suggestion. Pretty cool. Stapley gets my recommendation and I'm proud to refer them when my clients need the help.
1	Nothing but issues and my door isn't even installed yet! I ordered my garage door at Home Depot and this is the company they contract with. Everything started out ok...they came out 2 days after I placed the order to measure and check out the site. We are converting our carport to a garage and the door ordered was a 10wx7h. I was told that the door would be in the week of Thanksgiving. Stapley finally called me last week to say the door would be in on Dec 11. So we scheduled Dec 13 for the installation. On Dec 12 at 2:30 in the afternoon I get a call saying they ordered a 10x6'9" door instead of the 10x7 and they would need to install a new header. I didn't know that garage door installers are also framers...hmmmm.  Since this was their mistake I requested they install my opener for free. I was told they could do one or the other not both. So it was my choice...have them install a new header to correct their mistake in ordering a door that was 3" shorter WITHOUT telling me in advance or install my garage door opener. I should mention if I choose the opener they would need to schedule a time to come back they cant do it all in one day!! Are you kidding me???  I chose to have them install the opener, and they said they would be here to install the door this morning 12/13/13 at 8am. When I called them at 9:10 no one answered, so I left a message. I called them back at 9:30 and was told the installer would be here in about 30 minutes someone added another job on his schedule..but not the scheduler.  I will never recommend this company to anyone. They completely dropped the ball on this and are not very willing to make things right. They should correct what they screwed up and install the opener.....poor customer service.I waited to update my review hoping things would change....my opinion of this company has not changed at all.  I should say that the very professional installer finally showed up at 10:40 and left at 1:00. That is a lot of work for 1 guy. You would think they would have 2 guys on each door and then they would be closer to on time!It is now 12/28 and my garage door opener is still not installed. No return calls no contact from them at all. I suppose I need to either go down there or call from a different number so they will answer. I know they have caller ID and that is probably why they never answer when I call.Wish I could do 0 stars.
