5	Timely, helpful, good job, good prices. Very good local company for landscape maintenance. Reliable and nice!
1	I contacted Rick at Kutting Edge after getting his name as a referral from another trusted landscaper who doesn't work in the area.  I first sent Rick an email asking for an estimate for my home and also offering to set him up as a vendor for our property management office.  After a week with no response, I called his line and finally spoke to Rick.  He told me that he was interested, and that he would come by the next day for an estimate.  I finally heard from him at about 2pm and he indicated that he was "really busy" and would text me when he was on his way.  5:30pm rolls around and he finally texts that he was on his way.  I had just about written him off as I was on my way out the door.  However, I waited for him and he provided what I felt was a very fair price for the work I asked him to do.  He at that time said he couldn't get to it for about a week because he was going out of town.  We set it up for the following Tuesday and at that time, I decided to go ahead and do a small amount of the work myself as we were having company that weekend.  When I adjusted the work that needed to be done, he said that it would still be his "minimum" charge of $150 to come out and do less than half of the work that originally was bid for $200.  At that time, I told him that I was hoping for less, but it is what it is.  We continued the plan for him to come on Tuesday.  Monday night he texts a reminder that he is coming the next day.  When asked for a time frame, he says 8-10am.  At 10:06, after we had been waiting for him, he sends me a text saying it would be "sometime that day" since he had another job take longer.  Fine...whatever...Then at 1:45pm, I get a text that reads "Hey...I'm sorry man.  I can't do business like this.  I have a full crew, tons of overhead, slammed to the hilt...I think you need to find another company to help you out".  Keep in mind...never did we argue about the price...never did I push back on his consistent delays.  He chose at that point (4 hours after the promised time of arrival) to CANCEL an appointment for a PAYING customer.  I would absolutely NOT recommend Kutting Edge and will be telling everyone that I can about this experience.
5	Kutting Edge does some great landscaping.  Rick and his crew keep our yard looking great.  Whenever we have issues with a sprinkler, or anything else in the yard, my wife sends Rick a text and he takes care of it.  Kutting Edge is not the cheapest, but you get what you pay for.
