5	Thank you! Thank you! I am soooo glad you finally got to Scottsdale. I have been buying bras and intimate apparel from the Phipps Plaza Intimacy in Atlanta, GA for years. Was planing to fly back in March just to buy bras! You will never feel or look the same again - pure upfront and natural with a youthful and sensual look. Did I say "Sooooo glad you are here?!!?"
1	The consultant was terrible she would leave to go get a bra in a different size and not come back for 20 mins. She was very spacy and kept making mistakes,
5	Can I first say, I HATE bra shopping.  At my last bra fitting about 5 years ago at Soma, I was pretty set.  I was told I was a 38DD, and had plenty of nude & black bra's (their only colors in my size).  I was at the mall with a friend from out of town, when she spotted the place, and said, have you ever been?  She said, you have to try.  So literally, dragged me in.   Since it was late (about 8:30 pm, and they closed at 9) they said they couldn't do fittings on all 3 of us; so the other 2 volunteered me.  Sure.   What can I lose.  First, the manager (Caroline Forlivio) was super nice, very apologetic about not sizing my other 2 friends, and they were fine about it.  So I get in the room to undress, and first got a bit nervous cause i saw Purell.   Hmm.   Then she came in and asked if I ever had a bra fitting, I said yes, and she said, they don't size like other places.  At this point my mind is going 100 mph cause all I'm thinking of is the Purell bottle.   So she lookes at me, tugs at the bra I was wearing, and comes back with a plethora of bra's.  They don't tell you your size till the end, which was part of the fun and games.  Immediately, cause of my huge boobs, they tell me about this 3 cut type bra, bla bla bla, and I try it on; and put on my shirt over it, and seriously, my boobs were perkier (read higher), and still looked large, but nice large.  Cleavage was great, I was sold.  Then as I continued trying the other bra's, each fit, looked great.  Usually, bra sizes in the double d's are white, black or nude.  Out of about the 10 bra's she brought in, only 1 was black.  The rest were AMAZING sexy colors and designs not even Victoria Secret has (let alone size).   Needless to say, I walked out after doing surprising damage to my credit card, and have been back numerous times.   If they don't have it, they order it.  Exceptional customer service, friendly, not intimidating at all.    The 3rd friend ended up coming back 2 days later and doing damage on her card..  Oh, and on my size.  Yeah, wasn't a  38, I was smaller, and I wasn't a DD, I was a letter I had NO IDEA bra's came in.  Let's just say gee, I have some big boobies.I was also introduced to the world of Hanky Panky.   Let me start off, I'm not a thong fan.  I know, I know.  TMI.   Let alone a thong size of one size fits all.  Yeah, no they don't.  I've bought in my day, a skimpy outfit or 2 with a thong and yeah, they don't fit.   So the fact this was 'regular' underwear, I thought now way..  The friend said, I'm getting it, just try it.    Got home, washed all my new underthings - which btw, they said you could wash in a washer which was HEAVEN to my ears!!!   The next day I tried my hanky panky.  By lunchtime, I forgot I had them on!  After work that day, I went back to the store, and stalked up.  AMAZING product..
5	ok, I will start off with I HATE BRA SHOPPING. I would rather stick needles in my eyes....  but you know it's kinda like breathing, you need a good bra to keep you going.I live near Portland, OR - and we do not have this store there.  I would even drive to Seattle, WA if there was one there... but NO......I found this store in Atlanta, GA about 10 years and I have only bought from them since.I was lucky and was working in Houston Texas, found one there - they were great and one in Boston, MA - they were great.I am here in Phoenix this week with a friend  and found the store and had to buy a few new bras.   I dropped alot of money on them, but they will last for a long time.I love this store.  I love the staff there, incredibly knowledgeable and helpful and incredibly sweet.I will be back ladies, thank you for the great service!!!!
5	Ugh, like many women, I too detest bra shopping.  Or so I thought.  I read some rave reviews about this place and thought I'd give  it a whirl, seeing as how I absolutely do not shop at Victoria's Secret and I don't have a lot of other options for my size. I was immediately greeted by Mary even though she was busy, she was with me shortly.  I told her that I hadn't been fitted in a very long time and that I was probably not wearing the right bra size.  She asked if I had some time to spare, as the fittings take about half and hour.  First, she had me fill out a little Q&A deal asking me what I wanted from a bra, what I didn't like about my current bras, and so on.  After, she showed me around the store a bit and pointed out that they also sell underwear, swimsuits and other sexy things.  When we were in the dressing room, she was very helpful and informative, all while maintaining the highest level of professionalism.  She showed me some of the flaws of my current bra and then showed me a bra that actually fit me, and holy crap! What a difference!  I will be honest here, cause that's just how I roll.  I went in there thinking I was a 36 DD, but in all realness, I am 32 G.  That really astounded me, this whole time I've been buying bras that were way too big in the band and too small in the cup...how could I not have known?!  She brought in a TON of bras for me to try on, which NEVER happens to me...I usually consider myself lucky if I can find one.  There were a lot of really pretty embroidered ones, lots of different colors and she even brought in a few sports bras, too. After trying them on, she came back to chat with me about how to properly take care of the bras, how many days in a row you can wear the bra without compromising the elastic, and she also said that they will alter their bras for you free of charge!  The price is a bit high, but you have to consider the small investment you're making in yourself.  It's totally worth it to have a bra that fits right, looks great and is super comfortable.  Thanks ladies, I'll be seeing you soon!
1	I was pretty disappointed with my experience here.  First off, the selection was not that good, Victoria's secret has much more and their bras seem sturdier yet softer material.  Since I've already made one comparison, here is another.  The VS associates are more than happy to help you and the ever present dressing room assistants are so very helpful and great at bringing you as many as you need to find the right one, and quickly I might add.  The store was small and unimpressive.  The only unique thing was they had plates of cookies and sweets for the guests out but I was here for a bra, not to make my butt fatter.  So here at intimacy, I went in with 2 bras.  The dressing room was ok but the lighting was not as good as VS.  After trying the 1st bra, it was clearly the wrong fit so I poked my head out the door to get my "fit expert's" opinion.  She was gabbing away on the phone to a friend (I could hear everything!) and ignoring me so I waited a few min and peeked out again.  The other girl saw me and unenthusiastically came back to see if I needed anything.  She wasn't much help as far as suggesting a different size.  So after I was about to finish, my sales girl knocks.  I open the door as she is wiping crumbs off her face lol!  Ok, I get it if you missed lunch and you gotta eat the store cookies, I understand-but please finish your snack before you resume to your duties!  Bras range from $50-high hundreds (they are all european and most seemed flimsy).  Even sports bras started at $60.  I expect much higher quality at these prices.  On the plus side they did have bathing suits with huge tops for dd's and up and offer free lifetime alterations on purchases.  I never found anything close to being what I was looking for, am unlikely to come back and left empty handed.  Good thing for VS.  Stick with the classics,  These "boutique'y"  themed stores in Scottsdale can be overrrated.
1	My experience at Intimacy Boutique Scottsdale was a nightmare.  They do not know how to fit bras and do not listen to the customer.  Stay away from this store.
5	I love this store. I found it randomly one day and went in for a fitting, bra shopping is never fun for me and getting fitted is the only way I end up with bras my size. I was so happy when they didn't take out a tape measure and insist they knew my band and cup size and start bringing me bras that didn't fit. She took her time and brought in several sizes and we found different styles that worked with the types of clothes I wear the most. I couldn't afford it at the time so I left.Came back a few months later, happily the same girl was there and she remembered me by name! THAT is service you want. She brought in the ones I originally wanted and a few extras I might like and took the time to tell me how to care for them. The color of one style wasn't available in my size and instead of just telling me they just didn't have it, she recommended a different size/style that was almost just like it. I left a very happy and long lasting customer.
4	As a well endowed woman, it's hard finding a bra that fits that way it's supposed to. After becoming fed up from bras from another brand, I decided to visit Intimacy based on a referral from a smaller bra boutique for a sports bra. Chelsea was the specialist who worked with me and she was great, considering that bra fitting can be an awkward/intimate experience. Once we got the size down, she brought me several styles to try and I walked out with both a sports bra and everyday bra. Yes, it is definitely pricey as two bras cost me over $100, but it's the price you pay for quality. About a week or two later I received a hand written card from Chelsea thanking me for coming in and with her contact info if I need to get in touch with her. A+ customer service!
2	If you're "well endowed," I highly recommend getting a bra fitting here.  My mother (36E) lost weight recently, gained some back, and I'm pretty sure has never worn the proper bra size.  We walked in, were greeted promptly, and my mother went back for her fitting.  We seem to have finally gotten her properly sized (I measured her recently and got the same bra size our fitter got by eyeballing it) but the bras are so expensive, and neither of us could see that they were really twice(!) the quality of a bra at Dillard's or Macy's.  My mother liked none of their styles (what few they had).I was fitted next.  If you're on the smaller side (34C in my case)? Don't do it.  I requested bras without padding and lining--I have more than enough of those bras for several lifetimes.  The three bras my fitter brought to me?  Two had padding, one was lined and--I don't know WHO it was designed for. They were all a cup size smaller than what I usually wear.  The two padded ones, I spilled out of (I suppose that's the point, but I was straightforward: it wasn't what I wanted).  The lined one just looked terrible, and the cups were too small.  None of them flattered like the unlined bra I went in there wearing (which I purchased from an online merchant).  I can get much prettier (MUCH prettier) padded/lined bras at places like Aerie, or VS, or any department store for less than half the price (or even a quarter the price), if that's what I was in the market for.  None of the bras we saw seemed like they were any higher quality than Wacoal, and Wacoal makes some beautiful bras--hey, also, unlined in my size that fit like a glove and flatter like crazy without making me something I'm not.  It took me damn near 34 years to learn there's nothing to be embarrassed about by a 34C, and I managed to have that stripped of me in under 10 minutes.This store just doesn't have the kind of selection they taut.  They say they offer over 90 sizes, but I suspect they have a very limited selection in each size. . .  Or, perhaps, just a very limited selection in the smaller sizes.  Either case, not helpful at all for me.
4	I visited Intimacy at the suggestion of my bestie who had gotten resized at the NYC location.  There aren't that many locations in the country, so I think that it's super cool that there is one right here in Scottsdale!  I am so glad I got resized.  Mary spent SO MUCH TIME with me helping me try on bras.  The method at Intimacy is 'holistic" in that they give you different bras to try on to establish a proper fit.  This is usually more accurate that the band-cup ratio.  I can't tell you how many times people used that system over my clothes and would put me at a cup or 2 cup sizes smaller than I am.  When I would show them the girls in all their glory,lol they would feel so silly!  Mary took one look and immediately knew what size I was!  As good as I am about wearing the right size bra, it turns out my band size was still too big.  I wore a 36 for most of my life until after college when I found out I was a 34.  Come to find out I am a 32 band!  Mind you my weight has not fluctuated much my entire life.  I thought 32 was for the teeny tiny girls but I feel the difference in support immediately.  The problem is they put everyone in a 36 because it seems like the standard but it's not!  So I ended up with a smaller band size and a bigger cup.Intimacy's bras are PRICEY but of very good quality!  Sizing is free and you are NOT obligated to buy anything!   And if you see something you like but want to get it at a later date,  they can add it to your personalized wishlist.  Also I guess the return policy has been updated because I had no problem returning the bra that I saw cheaper online.  What's cool is they will price match a bra you find for cheaper price elsewhere!Ladies most of you are wearing the WRONG SIZE BRA.  Who cares if you're a DD or a G or an A cup, it's no one's business but yours!!  Get sized properly so that your girls will be standing up at attention like they're supposed to!  *This has been a public service announcement sent around Yelpland to prevent double breast syndrome* :)
2	I always feel intimidated when I walk in this store. I know the products are expensive, but I am always floored when I see the price tags, and the staff seems snooty. Yes, they may give a good fit and have great stuff, but I think  more enthusiastic personnel is required here, especially at these prices.
3	Let's start with the good. Getting fitted here was a great experience. China J. helped me pick out an awesome sports bra by Freya, my brand of choice. Because that went so well, I decided to go back and get a regular bra. Ideally, I should have made an appt with China J. because she was so good and I felt a definite sense of trust. The second gal that helped me was also good and she knew her stuff. For some reason, I preferred my visit with China J. The place is great if you're looking for stuff that isn't available at Nordy (my bra shop of choice). Intimacy carries Prima Donna, which I haven't seen at Nordy. However, I feel that their pricing is off compared to Nordy. I left with a Chantelle bra for $93. At Nordy, the most expensive Chantelle bra is $88. Yeah. I felt a little taken advantage of. Hence, why I didn't have a great second experience. You can return things for store credit. This for me, is another knock against them (Nordy's policy is much better). Unless I need another sports bra (the pricing was consistent) or am gonna fork up  $$ for Prima Donna, I'll probably pass on visiting soon. If I do make my way, I'll definitely make an appt with China J.
5	I stumbled upon Intimacy in my mad dash through the Scottsdale Fashion Square after the airline lost my luggage and every stitch of clothing I had packed for a 10 day business trip.  Abi took in my tale of woe and my frazzled and disheveled appearance and promptly got to work.  She provided me several different bra options in the colors I requested (black and nude), and made sure that the fit was not too tight or lose (no puckering/bagging).  She also found several panty options -- although the style I liked best was not made in my preferred colors (a designer choice, not an inventory issue).  I walked out of the store feeling much better and with the knowledge that I could face the next couple of days (and airline adversity) with confidence and perfect-fitting undergarments.  A huge "thank you" to Abi and her masterful customer service.
4	I was told about this place from a friend and boy am I glad she filled me in. I popped into fashion square mall and found Intimacy on the West upper end. Small store packed with many options. My "bra fit stylist" was Sotar, and she was amazing. Took what could have been a horribly uncomfortable and awkward experience and made it educational, fun and simple. She was extremely knowledgable and had me fitted in a few different styles, listening to my likes and needs and taking everything into consideration. She truly was phenomenal. I left with a superior bra that cost over $100, (it's lace is infused with aloe vera for gods sake), but for something you use everyday it is so worth the higher price tag. I already have my eye on a few others.The store has awesome specials, sales, referral incentives and a donation program. It is worth every penny to stop in and check this place out - and make sure to ask for Sotar - she's delightful.
