5	I love this little shopping center. You can do a hit and run on a wide number of things, get in and get out pretty easily.
5	Nice mix of shops-- functional and fun.  Harris Teeter, PetSmart, ULTA,  Marshalls, IHOP, some of the big ones-- and smaller united GNC, Dairy Queen, Ten Thousand Villages...so much more. The only issue I have with the shopping center is the poor parking planning.  The spaces are arranged in a way where there are one-day aisles so you may find yourself stuck and missing out on a spot b/c you have to go around and go the right direction. Not a biggie...but when it's busy, can be a pain. PS:  Bonus, it's nearby a bunch of other shops and eateries, like my fave Pizza Peel!
4	Cotswold Village Shops used to be Cotswold Mall, which opened in the 1960s and was considered the first suburban enclosed shopping mall in the area (Charlottetown Mall, which stood where you'll now find the Metropolitan complex, was Charlotte's first enclosed mall). Over the years Cotswold has been remodeled and reshaped into the open-air shopping center we have today.There's a Harris Teeter at one end and a Rite-Aid and a UPS store at the other, with shops including ULTA, PetSmart, Marshall's, Binders art supplies, and Books-A-Million in between. With Starbucks and several nice casual restaurants for your shopping fuel (I love Salsarita's and Wolfman Pizza, personally), you could spend half a day or more here. Be prepared for parking lot frustration, but isn't that true of practically any place these days?
4	Having just moved here, I can honestly say I am very happy with all the variety of stores in my shopping plaza. Yes, it's mine, I'm an only child so deal with it. :P I have gotten better about sharing as I've matured,though so I'm happy to share the good news of my shopping center, and I'll even encourage you to go there. Need groceries? No prob, Harris Teeter has got you covered. Night on the town? Hit up Marshalls for some new digs. Pets? Petsmart. Want to feel beautiful? Ulta. Hungry? well there is a ton of selection for your tummy cravings here. You can go as junk foody as pancakes, with the IHOP, or have a little taste of the classy side with Table 274. There are at least 7 places to get your grub on in this village. Art Supplies, Toys & Bath & Body works oh my, after all that, you can head to Books a million to get your psychotic book craving tamed down temporarily. What? You don't have that problem?? Oh crap, then maybe I should head next door  to Rite Aid for some prescription drugs, or just an energy drink.. Ok, enough of my rambling. You get the picture, there's A LOT of cool stuff here. Only 4 stars because of the parking situation. They have alot of spots, but it's just an odd layout. I feel like I'm a stalker following people as they walk to their cars, so I can hopefully snatch up their spot, and nearly rip off the mirror of the other vehicle parked next to them as I'm staking my claim. Dang that only child syndrome!! Or if I'm the one walking I feel as if I'm in Frogger... but, hey I guess it keeps me spry right?
