1	OMG.  A Vegas Walmart.  Do Not Want.   In a modern interpretation this would be one of Dante's nine circles of hell.  They should just hand out packs of condoms to everyone who enters this place, and if they ask why, shove a mirror in their face.    Go to Target, spare yourself.
2	Chaos! Chaos! Chaos! There's been other walmarts that are worse than this (trop and pecos-no longer there). Its an o....k store I guess
3	This Walmart is huge and cheap, like your mama... ha ha ha, just kidding.  But seriously, it's a pretty good place to go when you need to get something and you don't want to spend a lot of money.  The customers can be pretty darn ghetto at this location, but then again, I'm guessing that most Walmarts are built in areas that are more... urban.  I am tempted to give this place two stars, but the deals are so good that it earns an additional star.  Again, go here if you're looking to save a buck on whatever you're getting.
3	There is one good thing about this Walmart which is why I give 3 stars. The people watching here is top notch!!!!
1	Walmart is known for it's stellar customer service where the employees are knowledgeable about the products .... Ohhh wait I must be hallucinating.  Waited and waited at the electronics counter for help. There was three employees standing around doing nothing so I went and asked them to get some help.  A young lady tells me an associate will be right with me and points to him.  There's two guys helping one lady in the printer section.  Eventually she goes to get his attention that I am waiting at check out, so the associate arrives looks at my girlfriend and I and helps another person first who just walked up to the counter that moment!  Rude people didn't even concede the first place position to us even though everyone saw us standing there. I said screw this even though you aren't supposed to take electronics products out of the area I started walking to be checked out by a less rude employee.  As I'm starting to leave the girl who I originally approached to ask for help offers to ring up our order after she sees that the other associate turned his back to us.  Then as we're about to exit the building two employees are locking one of the entrances up for the night shift. Right as we're about to walk out they close the doors and tell is to go the other way even though we saw the doors were still open as we were approaching. After some negotiation the door was opened and I left to get as far away as I could from that forsaken building of shameful service. This was one of the worst customer service experiences I've ever had and I know customer service I was a food server for 3 years.
3	Well, as always To many customers and not enough cashiers. But when you finally get to the register, the cashier is always hospitable and friendly. I like this one because its not as Ghetto as some of the other walmarts.
3	Okay. Wal Mart. What can I say? I guess I can say I frequent this particular Wal Mart the most out of any Wal Mart in Las Vegas. I've been in a lot of Wal Marts. They don't differ much. Unless you count the Wal Mart in Seward, Nebraska which has a claim to fame: it's the smallest "super" Wal Mart (groceries included) in the United States. Woo hoo, right? Like I said, Wal Mart is Wal Mart. There will always be trashtastic people and cheap goods. Cheap groceries and that icky feeling that slimes it's way down your back as you enter, knowing you're contributing to the evilness of the Wal Mart Empire.However, Wal Mart has a few redeeming factors, which I will list here:#1 Deli Pizzas. Seriously, I'm not even joking. The pizzas found in their deli section are delicious. They're the take and bake kind and they're better than Pizza Hut or Dominos. In fact, they're better than most frozen pizzas. #2 Nordicware Bakeware. Nordicware has become my favorite bakeware. It's sturdy, tough, and heavy, AND it is MADE IN THE USA. I try my best to keep my purchases on the USA side. But beware - some things Nordicware items are now made in China (mostly plastic things). So just read those labels!#3 Anchor, Sterilite, and Pyrex - Also all brands made in the USA for the most part. Again, check the label to make sure!#4 If you're in a pinch, there's always a Wal Mart. Is that a good thing? Maybe not, since it's an obvious sign of the monopolized times. BUT, somehow, someway it is also helpful.That's Wal Mart. Oh yes, this one is quite ghetto. But one could PROBABLY say that about ANY Wal Mart.
4	I understand that restocking needs to be done but seriously, having the aisles full of boxes w sometimes not even enough room for 1 cart to get through is ridiculous!  If you shop during the day, it's great.
2	Populated by a surly staff who, due to the neighborhood, start from the assumption that everyone in the store is a criminal, it at least has a larger selection than the one on Trop @ Pecos.
2	I had to shop at this Wal Mart after a show at Sams Town which is across the street.I was in Vegas on vacation and needed water, juice, milk, etc..It was after 10 PM.  This is one creepy place.  Even though the parking lot is well lit, as were some people, there were just too many undesirable "patrons" hanging near and around the entrance.  I couldn't tell if they were employees on break or locals using this as a community center, but I did not feel at all comfortable and I don't scare easily.  I feel safer in the subway in New York!I made it through the store and back to my car without myself or my car being damaged.  I'll stick with Target.
4	Walmart don't really vary much store to store. Not the layout, not the goods, not the employees, not the customers.Long lines do exist at this location but I find that they are pretty good about opening additional lanes if necessary. If you shop at Walmart, you cannot judge anyone else that comes in the store. I hate pretentious people that shop here and talk crap about the other people that do. *rollseye*If you are too good for Walmart then stay out. This location is not as "ghetto" as some of the other locations I have experienced living in Las Vegas and most of their cashiers are super friendly.
1	If there was an option to rate this place at a negative five stars, I'd do it.WOW!!!  Last night reminded me why I try to avoid this store.  I'm not sure what the policy is on staffing, but this store needs more.  I was in around 7:30pm on November 20th.  I wanted to purchase six bottles of Powerade and a bunch of bananas for my sick wife.  When I went to find a register, seven (out of about 35) were open.  Each register had a line of at least ten people.  I got in line at the liquor register thinking since it was a "Speedy Checkout" register, it wouldn't take too long.  Boy was I wrong.  There was a customer attempting to buy two things, but neither would ring up correctly.  For some reason nether the checker or PIC could figure it out. After being at a stand-still for ten minutes, I decided I needed to move.  I went to the jewelry counter, but the associate was MIA.  I couldn't find him/her anywhere.My final attempt was to try customer service.  Ah... only two people in front of me.  Well, there was a "customer" attempting to return what was obviously stolen merchandise.  He finally left and the line finally moved.  I was finally able to buy the Powerade.  Unfortunately with no scale, I had to leave the bananas behind.  In total, I was in this store for more than 30 minutes and purchased less than $5 worth of merchandise.  It was a trip which should have taken less than five minutes.I grew up in the grocery and retail business and my parents are still in it.  If a manager were to run their store like this manager runs this Walmart, they would have been fired on the spot.  I cannot believe how few staff were on duty during a primetime shopping period: Tuesday evening during Thanksgiving week.  What's sadder is this is the norm for this store.  I spoke to a manager about this same problem a couple years ago.  He promised thing were getting straightened away and I would see a difference soon.  Where's the difference?  I don't see it.Like I said before, I try to avoid this store.  This Walmart is the closest retailer to my house.  Now I don't know if I'll ever come back.  I would rather drive fifteen minutes to go to Smith's, WINCO, or Target than the two minutes it takes to get to this Walmart.  Walmart should be ashamed of how they run this store and what they offer customers.  Luckily I have the means to afford the time and money it takes to go to more accommodating and appreciative retailers.  Unfortunately for others, they are held captive by lack of transportation and/or finances.  For everyone's sake, I hope they fix this and fix it fast.  But... something tells me this is the way it is and nothing will change.  STAY AWAY!!
5	This location is clean fast and always has what I need.
3	Again... I am not sure if I like posting a review of places that I go for necessity.  But, I figured that these are the places that I go to a lot.  So, who else would be better to write a review.  Here it goes.Parking - easy... but I never find a spot really close.  I don't mind walking so no problems.  On a side note, the Handicap parking is weird.  Not a traditional spot and someone always seem to park in them wrong.  But, whatever.Entrance - always someone saying hi... or at least in my case a nod of the head.Layout of the store - Grocery shopping to the right and is always crowded.  Decent selection at the deli and bakery.  The main walkway, which separates the grocery section with the rest of the store is really compact.  Not a lot of room to get around, especially with families that  have their kids in tow and a couple of carts.  So, I try and avoid grocery shopping here.  Everything else seems easy to find.  So, no real complaints.Employees - This can be tricky to review.  There seem to be a lot of great workers and then those that make it obvious they don't want to be there.  This is where I would take away my stars.  Check out lanes -  are always long and no one cares if you break the 10 or 20 items or less rule.  People can really suck!!!  Leaving the store - There is always someone there checking receipts.  This always makes me roll my eyes because, they don't really check and just mark on your receipt.I have never been in this store without seeing Metro hanging out in front talking to someone.  There must be a lot of shoplifting going on here.  My tip from today (Feb. 2nd, 2013)Do not! I repeat... Do not! Come here the day before the Super Bowl. You'd think Armageddon was tomorrow, the way everyone was stocking up!
3	I gave this Walmart a three star because its two blocks away from my house and I go here out of necessity. With that being said everyti me I seem to go here they are always busy with minimum registers open.  It gets annoying standing in line for 15 minutes if you buy 2 or 3 things.  Even in the express lines the cashiers allow the customers well over 20 items
3	I gave this Walmart a three star because its two blocks away from my house and I go here out of necessity. With that being said everyti me I seem to go here they are always busy with minimum registers open.  It gets annoying standing in line for 15 minutes if you buy 2 or 3 things.  Even in the express lines the cashiers allow the customers well over 20 itemsTo update I went today for the pharmacy for my father.  I was in and out and had 4 medications to fill.  Pharmacy is normally quick if you go at the right time.
5	It seems trivial to write a review about Wal-Mart. I mean... It's Wal-Mart. This review is meant for an employee that just blew me away with outstanding customer service. So much so that he deserves this Yelp review recognition.Will (?), the nameplate was a tad scratched, helped me out in the Electronics department earlier today. He made sure that I knew exactly what I was buying, how to work it and what I needed to make it work. He didn't have to go out of his way to make sure I knew these things. He could have just rung me up quickly and attended to the rest of the customers in line...  but he did. And so I just wanted to take a second out of my day to let whoever cares know. It's usually always the same with Wal-Mart. You get what you pay for in every sense of the phrase but every once in awhile you get someone who genuinely cares behind that counter and it makes all the difference in the world. Thank you, Will! :)
1	Horrible, horrible, horrible. I don't even want to give them any stars! They lack customer service, even the managers/loss prevention are unprofessional, and the store is always dirty. Walmart has gone downhill and it shows. The fact that I have to have my receipt checked at the door speaks volumes about the kind of crowd this place attracts. Never coming back.
2	You are hereWell I must say this location never disappoints if you feel the need to be entertained.This is my oh my gosh I forgot X store, it is open 24 hours and if you want a real trashy treat go in here after dark (around midnight is pretty good too) I love to people watch and this place has some interesting people. French fry's at McDonald's will give you a front row seat to all the madness at the registers. I have seen school age children roaming the isles with their parents at 2am! Half dressed people, shoe less people, and drunk disorderly people, it is a great place to watch humanity in all it's glory.The registers are far to few, even when they are open (they are never all open), so you will be waiting in line, and don't try to buy beer or wine in a line where the cashier is under 21.. uugghhhh it's Vegas people get it together. You had better not need electronics, separate register for that, god forbid you have more items to purchase..Watch your purse, wallet, cell phone, this place is shady acres, just sayin..
1	This 24-hour Wal-Mart Supercenter is "ghetto," and when I say that I am by no means dissing their fine, diverse community of customers. I'm talking about the store, the condition of the store, and they way they treat you. Pro: I bought a tire from their auto department, they mounted it quickly and charged me a fair price.Con: The store is dirty. The employees can be nasty. They are often out of staple items like milk and bread and soft drinks. They have few checkers, they try to steer you to self-checkout machines that don't work, you will stand there waiting forever for someone to come and fix the self-checkout machine. They are obsessed with stopping you on the way out of the store and checking your receipt, a practice which is of questionable legality. And the self-checkout machines are obsessed with calling you a thief ("Unauthorized item in the bagging area! Attendant has been called!")Go a couple of miles southwest to the Wal-Mart Supercenter at 540 Marks Street which is cleaner, better lit, better marketed, and has what you need. For groceries you should be shopping at Winco Foods.
1	This WalMart, like all others, is completely and utterly worthless.  What money you may save you waste waiting in the hours you spend in the check out line.  At least it was a clean store - not really.  This place would score a D+ in a health rating.  Finally, as I spend however many minutes it took to walk to their electronics section, listening in the overhead speaker about how is going to close at seven. I get there, finally only to have a human chain of people telling me that the electronics is closed and that I can't get the Christmas gift I need to give! Thanks Walmart you truly are the lowest common denominator.
2	As you have read in other comments, this is not a Walmart flagship style store. Patrons vary from Bentley Owner to guy pushing 3 guys on a moped. I agree with another Yelper that said this is a great place to people watch. I work nights so when I am off I am awake over night so I have been to this walmart quit a bit. I was trying to do some work around the house last night and needed some spray paint. I went to this walmart. After waiting 20 min after they called for a person to help me in paint, I was told by an employee that I will never get spray paint due to it being after 10pm and that it is illegal in Clark County to sell it to me after 9pm, she backed this comment up by pointing to a sign on the case that said "if you find this case unlocked please find an worker to lock it. she got extremely loud with me and was letting me know over and over I would not get any. After talking to with ( i think her name was Alisa) the manager (who was very nice and helpful) I got my paint. Non the less if you are not ready for the ghetto, don't come here after 6pm, go to the one on Marks st in Henderson, 3 miles away and everything is not under lock and key.
1	This Walmart is horrid for customer service, cleanliness and finding what you want. Been to the automotive dpmt three times and twice have dealt with rude, unprofessional service. Not to mention that they will rip you off! This last time, we brought our car in for an oil change and to have them check the service light as we believed the battery was going. We were told it would be about an hour. Over two hours later, we ask how much longer and the car was done. Overcharged for an oil change then another $20 to check the engine light when the battery check was free. Yes a battery was needed and guess what?!? It would be about an hour to get a battery! Would've made sense to do all repairs at once right! So they have lost a sale, customer and I will actively advocate for my friends and family to use another service station! Walmart sucks!
4	Not really much to say, being a Walmart Supercenter and all.  However, the location is prime, it's open 24 hours, and is really conveniently located if you're staying at Sam's Town or the Eastside Cannery across the street.  This is definitely the place you want to hit to stock up on food, snacks and drinks to avoid paying high casino prices.
1	I try to avoid this location as much as possible. I ordered a birthday cake from them and it was not what I ordered and when I placed the order both women behind the counter gave me such an attitude and told me we can't guarantee you what it looks like. I picked up the cake and nope it was not the cake I ordered at all. We ended up using it as a smash cake because it was that bad. The store is not clean and the bathrooms should be turned over to the health department. If you want something in electronics they make you pay for it there, so you end up swiping your card 2 different times if you have more shopping to do.Plus this Walmart is horrible to employees. Someone I knew worked there and this guy was harassing her and management didn't care. She ended up defending herself and she got fired for it and they didn't even punish the guy that was harassing her.This Walmart needs to be avoided!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	everything is poor in this Wal-Mart no one helps you and they tell you to go talk to someone just to go and find one item.... I'm fur sure never coming back to this one ever again not to  mention  that the area is terrible!
1	food shelves always empty,  or there are times you go to buy eggs, and find a pair of men's underwear on top of the eggs.  everywhere in the food area , you find clothing or half eaten food. many check out lanes, but always only two open.  People fighting, screaming  kids, drunks in the bathroom having there morning shower.   pan handlers always out front of store, shopping carts everywhere, when you return to your car you have to gather up all the carts so that you can drive out of the parking lot.  I don;t know how this store can stay open!
1	Long story short. This walmart is very hard to purchase ammunition from.went in there to purchase some .22 LR and the manager said it was too late and they only sell ammo between 7am and 10pm.after the manager walked away, I was looking in the ammo cabinet at some m22 .22lr and an employee approached me and freaked out cause I was behind the counter. He agreed to sell me one box as long as I would not wait around till morning and buy them both, this was because he had intended on buying the only two boxes that had come in and that the manager should have never put them out.so he sold me my one box and hid the other for himself. So any of you guys who can't ever score ammo at this walmart, it's because employees are hoarding it for themselves.
1	Last Monday I went to a register where the lady laughed and mentioned she was sick with an ear infection was joking and said should I take a shower every customer and said she wasn't going to sanitize. I understand we all need to work but please do sanitize I have 4 children it's a domino effect once 1 gets sick. I do know her name, hopefully you can talk to the employees about this! Thank you.
