5	Home of the Italian Army.Vento's is located in the East Liberty section of Pittsburgh right next to Home Depot. They have been in business forever! They are a pizza and hoagie shop. They are famous for their Italian Army hoagie. I have friends that as soon as they land in Pittsburgh they come straight to Vento's for the pizza! It is Sicilian style pizza and It is delicious! Everything is made fresh so sometimes you have to wait a little while for your food. It's best to call ahead if you're really hungry.They have tables and booths for seating. You can even play the PA lottery there. No debit or credit cards. CASH ONLY!(F.Y.I. There is a generic ATM that charges $1.75 to make a withdraw.)
4	Good pizza and hoagies.  It is always busy.  Cash only.
3	Slow service and average pizza.  Convenient to home depot.
5	I love the history and the atmosphere.. Albert Vento is in Myron copes book and is a STAPLE in da burgh...  He started "Franco's Italian Army" !!!!!! Vento's Italian Army Hoagies,, and AMAZING PIZZA.
5	IF you love the Steelers, you gotta Love Ventos...I love the history and the atmosphere.. Albert Vento is in Myron copes book and is a STAPLE in da burgh...  He started "Franco's Italian Army" !!!!!! You have to try Vento's Italian Army Hoagies,, and AMAZING PIZZA... I love Literally ALL food Sean the chef Makes... The Secret Sauce is phenom on Calzones too..
2	I had heard lots of good things about Vento's. Unfortunately I did not get to experience these things. The service was slow and lukewarm. The pizza was expensive and not the same price in the restaurant as advertised on the website http://www.ventospizza.com/. Also, no credit or debit cards here.  You're directed to the ATM in the restaurant that charges a fee of $1.75.   I ordered ahead and although I had to wait for my pizza when I got there I received it cold and it just was not that good.  I also ordered provolone sticks which also did not taste good.
5	Ventos is an East End tradition.   The Sicilian style pizza is the bomb!   It is more of a traditional working-clasd Pittsburgh style crust-square, and bread like.  Sicilian pizza comes in square cuts by the way,  if you like the doughy (Dominos or similar) kind of pizza crust, or brick oven designer pizza you might not like Vento's pizza.  But I happen to love Vento's pizza!!!   They also have subs, and other items like deep fried mushrooms.  This is a blue collar  establishment in a an urban working-class neighborhood,  Everything I've had from here is good.
1	We were visiting from out of town and just spent 6 hours driving. Found this place, read reviews on Yelp which were OK, and decided to ordered two slices. Hum...sorry not slices. More like two squares of cheesy bread. When we said these aren't slices, the lady at the register looked confused as though pizzas always look like that. We obviously aren't locals by the way we were dressed so the lady (who talked terribly) should have notified us when we first ordered it! They also have pictures of real pizzas on the wall -_-It also took a really long time to cook those little things because they weren't pizzas. Since I was so hungry, i ordered another square of unhappiness and it was handed to me in the cooking wrapper not a paper plate, ugh. Definitely never going there if we come to visit again!
1	Horrible Food don't waste your moneyThis is the worse cardboard covered cheese & sauce so called pizza I've ever had, I haven't had this garbage since grade school cafeteria food, Most of the reviews on here rant about what a great place this is how much fun you'll have there. IDK where that place is cuz the one I wan in today in East Liberty by the Home Depot was getto beyond belief the food is bad & the people aren't nice & friendly.Loudness is an issue there when the lottery area has a sign saying because of back round noise your number may be wrong. Not one person there had decent customer service skills I had to ask the girl 3 times to speak up and I have excellent hearing. I ordered a small pizza I got a medium that was greasy on top but the crust was stale. I looked forward to getting some great pizza man this place really disappointed me today.
5	What a wonderful hidden gem!My boyfriend and I have been here twice and we have raved about it both times.  The service is wonderful - the employees are patient, kind and helpful.  The food isn't 5 star, but it IS really really good and, best of all, cheap as hell!Sure the pizza may not be cut into "pizza shape," but that doesn't make it any less wonderful at all.  Everything I have ever had here is wonderful and I will definitely be taking multiple 30 minute trips back here to support this independent business.
4	Oh I love this place. Their pizzas are square/rectangle! A single slice is a little pricey for the size, so if you're going to go, get a whole pie. It is in the strangest location (Home Depot's parking lot)!! The picture of the founder is adorable and hilarious. Love this place!
1	This place has the worst service I've ever seen. I called in two cold sandwiches and was told it would be 15 mins. When I got to the counter, the lady working rudely told me to wait for my name to be called because she didn't have my ticket to ring up the order. Um, okay...then walk over and get it so i can pay for it! So I waited and waited as people who came in long after me got their orders. The "workers" just stand around and spend more time talking to the regulars and trying to act like they are a big deal. I had to leave without my order after 40 minutes. DO NOT GO HERE!
4	My cousin works here and that's the only reason i know about this place. The crust they use for the bread is so light and airy and i absolutely love it. It makes the eating experience that much more enjoyable.I always order a slice or two with sausage and mushrooms because I love the little crumbly sausage that they add to the pizza. Plus if you dip it in ranch (big fattie) it taste even better. I took the hubby there just this week and he agreed that it is very good. They have tons of specials and even more menu options. We ordered the medium pie and 12" hoagie for only $13. Really good deal and the italian hoagie was not too bad. I do wish however that it was a little thicker. Maybe add some more lettuce and tomatoes for fullness. By the time we got it home it was like eating a lunch meat sandwich. Still delicious but I would have like a little more bite in my hoagie.The interior is a little outdated but they have a bunch of steeler memorabilia hanging up. Also, if you like to play the lottery they have a small window for buying and playing the numbers. Waste of money if you ask me but to each his own. BTW, IT'S CASH ONLY HERE, but they do have an ATM.
