4	Game Haven sells new & used video games, kinda like GameStop, but with more of an independent vibe (even if they do have stores in other states). I've stopped in a few times, and the service is usually friendly (and not pushy), and the selection is average to good. Prices seem on par wtih GameStop - cheaper in some cases, more expensive in others. When the 80gb Metal Gear Solid PS3 bundle came out a few weeks ago, a friend decided he wanted one - but everywhere in town was sold out. On a fluke, I happened to call Game Haven. They had just gotten *one* in, and were happy to hold it for my friend until he arrived. I thought that was pretty cool of them, especially when they definitely would've easily sold it anyway. They also carry old games - SNES, NES, etc - good luck finding that at GameStop.I like it. I'm sure their selection will improve as they get established. It feels like a game store and not the mall, which is a big plus for me. Give 'em a shot sometime.
4	I went to the location on South Rainbow at 215 and was super impressed.  Was looking for some kid friendly games for an old XBOX and had no luck at Game Stop or Blockbuster.  Also called around to several other stores with no luck.  Just happened past Game Haven and stopped in to look.  To my surprise they had a very large selection and very reasonably priced.  I will go back again to get games for the Nintendo DS as well.
4	Game Haven, like Play N Trade, is one of those chains of video game stores that operates on a more independent basis.The store carries a wide variety of game systems, including older ones that are no longer sold at the big chain stores. The selection of these items is solid as well. Not to mention they have a ton of cheap used DVD deals.The store is in a fairly convenient, high-traffic location, at Russell/Eastern, in the same shopping center as Wal-Mart. It's not at all difficult to find. The only real complaints I have is that the store doesn't quite have the selection of Play N Trade, and that I have gone in a few times and the interior has smelled of cigarette smoke. Likewise, once I went in the store and there was no employee on the sales floor - it was nearly 5 minutes into my browsing that one finally came out of the back room!This place is easily better than Game Stop and Game Crazy, but can't compete with the likes of Play N Trade. Nonetheless, it is a welcome addition to the Vegas Valley - a place where too many independent game stores go under too quickly. Easily worth the trip.
4	Me: I'm looking for a 1st Generation Gameboy.GH: We have it.Me:  And a Nintendo.GH: We have it.Me: And a Dreamcast.GH: We have it.Me: And a Calico and Atari and a Familiy Computer.GH: We have it.Seriously, they have it.  Better prices than the other guys, and the guy knows his product.  oh, and a 1st generation gameboy is $5.  Looking to buy back your childhood?  They can make it happen.
