3	I recently went here while on a business trip and had dinner here with the clients.  The menu was mostly seafood and they are trying to put a little bit of a nouveau twist to it.  Whatever that means.  The ambiance was nice... perfect for a romantic date, not so much for a business dinner.  Food was good.  I had the Kobe Caps which were like stuffed mushrooms with kobe beef.  This was actually really good.  The meat was really flavorful and the tomato glaze that they put on top made the dish even better.  As my entree I had the halibut with corn 3 ways.  I actually only saw corn 2 ways.  There was supposed to be a corn cake (check), corn salad (check) and corn burlee (where is it?).  The corn burlee was almost like the corn cake so I didn't really see much of a difference.  The halibut was okay, I think it needed a little bit more seasoning.  Service was good, a bit slow.  The server was very knowledgeable about different wines and he was very attentive to our needs.  Not sure that I would come here again if I were ever to go to back to Charlotte.  It seemed a little pretentious for my taste.
2	Bleah!!!  I went here because I was staying at the Westin across the street.  We had about 12 people for dinner.  The decor was pretty nice but the food left alot to be desired.  I started by ordering a couple bottles of wine and one came incorreclty which was pretty bad considering I ordered it by number.  The waiter had all the personality of a rock.  Ok no biggie, but then came the food.  I ordered a  chicken breast that was supposed to come with hushpuppy breaded shrimp and some type of ravioli.  The food came out at different times which left some of our food getting cold.  When my chicken showed up it appeared to be boiled and had some really bad sauce on it that I can't explain.  It was pretty unedible after a couple of bites.  Also the shrimp came  butterflied and sauteed(?) definatly not as described on the menu.   All in all I would skip this place, the food is bad, one star for the decour and wine list , but they even managed to screw up the wine order.
1	I've always enjoyed the food at Aquavina, so it's a shame that the lunch service is so horrible. I've had several bad experiences (we just kept giving it another chance for whatever reason). Here's the worst: I, along with a few friends, arrived there to have lunch on a work day. Eventually, the hostess returned to the front of the restaurant and seated us.Ten minutes passed and still, no server. Then the waiter finally arrived and we said we were ready to order (because we had had plenty of time to study the menu). Then, in a harsh tone, he said, "We're really busy. Let me just get your drink orders." Um, OK. Then several more minutes passed before we got our drinks and ordered our food. It took forever for the food to arrive. By the end of our meal, we were the only people left in the restaurant and it still took a long time to get our check. One of my friends, who is not a confrontational person, even complained to the manager. He expressed no remorse and stared blankly at her. Then we finally left, about two hours after we arrived.If you still want to try Aquavina, I'd suggest you order the black olive encrusted chicken breast with macaroni and goat cheese and tomato compote. At least your food will be good.
1	My bosses used to drag me here for business get-togethers and meetings.I know it's hard to imagine hating a place where someone else has picked up the tab. But consistently, once the waiters figure out who's paying, if it's not you, forget it.But I guess what the Aquavina staff can't figure out is, if they treat you badly when you're not paying, you won't return when it's your turn to pick up the tab. And I've had such consistently mediocre to bad service here, that will never happen.I once waited an hour for a drink and chips that never came, surrounded by a dozen people eating and drinking. What a lovely time. That same night, asking the "greeter" at the door to help find my party drew nothing but a blank stare, and I had to wander the place looking for them.It's not always THAT bad, but it's never met expectations.For the record: I've had lunch and attended social get-togethers there. It's been about two years since I've been there. The very last time I went, service was tolerable.
1	The lunch service is absolutely horrible.  I work in the building so my co-workers like to eat here.  Soda is always flat and service is very inconsistent.
4	Lunch at Aquavina while in Charlotte on business. It was a warm, muggy afternoon and the inside tables were all taken, so we braved the covered patio. It worked with plenty of water, thanks to our attentive server. Started with a cup of Tomato Bisque and then Asian Chicken Salad... both were very tasty. Good service, good lunch spot.
3	First time going here the other day. Based on my experience here, I was under the impression that this is a "wine bar." I actually thought it was a really nce place for that. The atmosphere was uber-trendy, the new waitress was very helpful, and the finger foods weren't bad. Lucky for us, there was a conference that decided to have their happy hour at Aquavina. To their surprise, they had 3 new members when me and my buddies discovered their codeword. Let's just say "Joe MCKNIGHT wants me to have a glass of pinot grigio for free."Anyway, I think I'd go back for happy hour. It is a pretty fun place to hang and really not far from all the nightlife. You don't get the junk that goes to the traditional happy hour.LBD scale: 5.125. Yeah, it has some work to do, but it's not attrocious like some places I have been too. Holla
3	I really, really want to give this restaurant a higher rating because the food was amazing but our experience wasn't the best.  I ate here for my birthday dinner on a Friday night at 7:30 and my fiancee and I were the only ones in the restaurant the whole night.  Having never been here before, this made us a bit worried about the quality of the food.  However, we were pleasantly surprised that the meal was above average but the lack of atmosphere really detracted from the overall experience.
1	I used to love this restaurant and have brought out of town guest there for dinner in the past years but this restaurant has gone downhill and should no longer be in business.  My last visit was at lunch with other work colleagues a couple of weeks ago.  I ordered Seared Ahi Tuna Salad.  When it arrived, it was pretty obvious that the Ahi Tuna was old and on its way to being rancid.  I was appalled that any real Chef would ever serve anything that looked that bad.  I was in a business setting where I did not want to make a scene so I ate only the vegetables and did not touch the Tuna for fear of getting sick.  The waitress never ask me if there was anything wrong with my dish even though it should have been obvious to her that I pretty much left the fish untouched.  If you're Uptown, do yourself a favor and go to Halcyon, Mimosa Grille, Ruth Chris or Bernardin before going here for lunch.
3	My wife and I dined at Aquavina last night. It was good but not exceptional. She had the crab cake appetizer which was quite good. I had the wedge salad which was uninspired and the tuna entry which I liked a lot and which came with Forbidden Rice, a new dish for me. The rolls were not hot.The service was not warm and fuzzy. It was very businesslike, acceptable but not the type service that makes you ready for a return visit.
5	I have been here a few times but was compelled to write a review after reading some of the bad mouthing done here. lunches are busy and food comes out in a very appropriate time limit for the volume. While the restaurant was full they still got me in and out for my meeting. Dinner is much more quiet which I love not having to yell over music and other load patrons. The food is wonderful and not over priced or marked up like Ruth Chris. Black Angus for less than thirty bucks sold! The tuna especially, but all seafood was amazing, my server told us the get daily shipments of fresh food when I asked her how they get it so fresh. My hats off the chefs and waitstaff, definitely try this place out I'll guarantee it
4	We had a few cocktails here during a rained-out event they put on with the Young Affiliates of the Mint Museum. The venue was very trendy and relaxing. I enjoyed the furniture and thought it was a great spot to grab a nice glass of wine or a cocktail. You're in such a fabulous location in the middle of everything and I can imagine the view is quite nice when it isn't so crowded. I am not sure if they were solely in charge of food, but my one complaint is that it was very sparse at an event featuring quite a bit of wine directly after work. The event  flyer specifically mentioned food so that was a bit of a let down as I was definitely hungry towards the end. Overall they handled the rain situation smoothly so they get kudo's for that!
2	I was looking forward to my first visit to Aquavina but came away disappointed.   I'm quite easy to please food wise so this experience was a surprise to me.  This restaurant is relatively pricey so perhaps my expectations were high based on what I perceived would be value for my dollar.We dined on a surprisingly quiet Friday night. Even so, the service was adequate - nothing more, nothing less.  Not very friendly and welcoming, just adequate.As for the food.  We started with the blue crab fondue served with french baguette toasts, which was absolutely fabulous.  I'd definitely recommend this dish but don't eat too much or you'll have no room left for the entrees to come.   Entrees were ribeye with roquefort cheese sauce, and my companion ordered the petit filet mignon.  Sides are ordered separately; we selected grilled asparagus and potato gratin. The portions are quite generous but the presentation was way off for me.  My ribeye arrived on a big plate with a large portion of roquefort smeared across the top, looking quite lonely without something (anything) to make it look appealing.  Yes, I know the sides are served separately so that limits how the dish might be displayed, but more could have been done to appeal to the eye.  All in all, the food was adequate (except the delicious fondue!).  But I expected a much better experience for the price.  I don't mind spending money to go out and have a delicious meal and lovely experience.  But I do expect just that - a delicious meal and a lovely experience.
1	I was so looking forward to my birthday dinner at Aquavina on Sept 29, 2012.  What a disaster!  www.aquavina.com states the following:  "Complimentary Valet service is available Monday through Saturday after 5pm, on College Street, between Stonewall & 2nd Street".  Upon going to this location, there was no valet parking, so we parked in the parking garage below the restaurant for a $5 charge.  Upon entering the restaurant we asked our waiter about the valet parking and he stated  "there was no valet parking, but I will stamp a sheet of paper so you can be be reimbursed by the parking attendant when you leave."  Then the waiter brought our water, and poured from a pitcher.  Another couple said down a few minutes after us and they were asked by a different waiter if they wanted sparking water, bottled water or tap water. We were never given that option.  After this, it was quite a while before our waiter even came back to take our order. The other couple who arrived after us ordered and received their food before we did.  Once we ordered, my husband ordered filet mignon which came with asparagus.  He asked to substitute the asparagus (which was only two pieces) for macaroni and cheese and the waiter said that would be fine.  The meal came by someone other than our waiter and came with the asparagus.  He advised the food server he asked for mac and cheese, so this person said he would get the mac and cheese.  Several minutes later the server brought the mac and cheese and our waiter still had not been back to our table.  In addition, we had asked for an extra napkins and that was never delivered, so my husband asked the server to bring one which he did.  From the beginning to the end of our visit, we saw our waiter maybe three times., once to bring the water, once to take our order, once to bring the bill.  He did visit our table only once during our meal to see if all was o.k.  It was necessary to ask another waiter to bring a glass of wine.  Then we received the check and there was an additional $7 charge for the mac and cheese.  This was a substitution for the asparagus, not a side dish.  No one ever mentioned an additional $7.  We talked with the manager about this and in addition we discussed the non-existent service we had received.  The manager brought us a corrected check with an $11 discount.  The price for this meal was over $100 without the discount and without a tip.  So we were more than ready to leave asap,. We return to our vehicle with our validated stamp for the parking refund.  No attendant was to be found to refund our $5 parking charge.  I did call and speak with the manager regarding this and we were told I could come back to the restaurant and he would refund the $5.  Now really, would I want to re-visit this restaurant under any circumstances?  NOT IN A LIFETIME!!!  This is supposedly one of Charlotte's finest.....well our experience was not one of Charlotte's finest.  For this type of so-called upscale restaurant, what we experienced was less than the service one would receive at McDonald's.  My birthday dinner turned out to be a disaster.
4	Went last night for dinner to celebrate a friend's birthday.  Restaurant not crowded, I noticed only Jody with a trainee.  Jody was our server, professional attire and attitude, however energetic.  She seemed happy with her job.  Immediately upon coming to the table she introduced herself and her trainee, asked if it was our first time at the restaurant, I explained yes, and she stated that the restaurant was a Steakhouse/Seafood restaurant, and proceeded to mention some of the more popular item on the menu in addition to 1 or 2 that happen to be her favorites.  She also asked if we what type of water we would like to drink (Pellegrino, bottle, or tap).  I opted for the Pellegrino water and she asked if I would like a small or large bottle.  I opted for the large, and she proceeded to bring it with some lime wedges, which I think adds a little bit of flavor to it.       We proceed to order other non-alcoholic drinks and then started in on the menu.  Menu layout is easy to read to prices are stated next to the menu item.  On a couple places on the menu they've made comments about the dangers of eating raw or undercooked foods, which I thought was nice to see.  Both my friend and I ordered the Surf & Turf.  The Surf & Turf comes with an 8oz Filet Mignon and a 7 oz. lobster tail, with whipped potatoes and asparagus for sides all over a red wine demi glaze.  After a while Jody brought some warm bread and Olive Oil with oregano and balsamic vinegar to the table.  What can I say other than perfection.  The crust on the outside was like a hard bread, but the inside was soft and light.  To mix it with the olive oil combination was just perfection.  The flavors just all come together to give you this burst of flavor with our being too strong.  We waited some time for our dinners, and Jody had come back to the table 2 or 3 times apologizing about the wait, explaining that the lobster tails are taking a little bit longer.  A few moments after finishing our bread out came our Surf & Turf.   I've not had a lobster tail before, and WOW was I surprised.  The lobster tail was huge. I learned that they had substituted their normal 7oz lobster tail for a 12oz lobster tail.  Which made the dinner that more special for us.  I ordered mine Medium and wow was it tender.  It seemed to just melt in my mouth.  Well-seasoned and cooked to medium perfection.  The whipped potatoes with some demi glaze slightly drizzled over the top just enhanced them.  The asparagus where cooked to al dente and had their nice dark green color and firm texture, also along with some of the demi glaze on them it was like a party in my mouth.  Throughout dinner Jody had stopped to check on us and see how we were enjoying everything, and refilling our drinks.  I think there was really only 1 time that I needed to worry about a refill of my tea, other times Jody was one the ball making sure I had more tea before I was empty.       Overall the service, food, and atmosphere was superb.  The only professional objection was there was one time the Jody went to fill my glass, and instead of bringing the glass to her or asking me to do so, she just reached in front of me to finish of the bottle of Pellegrino.  One of the first rules in good service is you never stretch yourself in front of the guest.  If you cannot reach the glass then you politely request the guest to move it towards you.  This I think was just an oversight, on Jody's part.  It was also difficult coming from the garage elevator to know where to go for the restaurant.  I understand that the establishment is at the mercy of the landlord regarding any type of signage, so this I cannot fault the restaurant for.  In conclusion, I would hold definitely hold these up to some of the caliper of The Capital Grill and other precarious restaurant's in uptown Charlotte.  Thank You Aquavina for a very enjoyable time and celebration of food!
2	The food was good and I would probably be back if it was half the price(literally).  Although, I would ask in advance if they actually have any of the sides they offer.I wanted to take my lovely lady friend out for a nice meal and I didn't quite want to spend Capital Grill money.  So off to Aquavina we went.Your choices of parking are either on the street or in the parking deck, and they do validate.  After a nice little walk through the park you see their sign and you have to walk upstairs.  Once inside the decor is nice, but not overwhelming by any means.  The chunks of clay on the wall are interesting, I guess.  We sat at the bar to have a drink and wait for our booth.Upon being seated and seeing the menu I realized we were going to be spending capital grille money, but we were already there and I didn't want to look cheap.  We ordered spinach salads and the blue crab cheese fondue a long with a couple glasses of the malbec.  I liked the salad, but it was nothing special.  Lots of dressed spinach a little dollop of cheese and a "onion ring" style shallot.  The consistency of the blue crab fondue was a little too runny.  The flavor was full of seafood notes, which I liked, but the thin cheese on stale tasting toast points didn't do it for me.  The little copper pot it came in was cool though.  I took the left overs home and mixed it with a Gorgonzola and put it over broccoli, YUMMY!For our entrees, the seafood didn't look like anything special and I'm pretty awesome at cooking salmon so we both went for steaks.  My counter part ordered the filet medium rare.  After some time It came out medium to medium well and was only an inch thick.  At $36, I was not impressed.  Her mushroom risotto lacked creaminess and only had a few little button mushrooms in it(could have been cremini).I ordered the RIbeye, it was large, but at almost $40 I was expecting an at least above average steak for that kind of money.  Shortly after I ordered my ribeye the waitress came back to tell me that they didn't have potatoes gratin and I needed to order something else.  After the blue crab cheese dip I was overloaded on cheese anyhow, so I didn't mind getting asparagus.  A few minutes later she came back to tell me they were out of asparagus as well.  At this point I had decided against carbs in general but I had no choice, so I ordered the baked potato.  One more time she came out and honestly I was getting pissed off.  They had no baked potatoes.  So, I just asked her, what do you have.  Mashed potatoes was my only choice.  For $40, they can't find I potato?When I finally got my meal, I noticed my mixed veggies almost looked like something out of those microwave steamer bags.  Little bit of peas, a couple spears of broccoli, and such.  The couple of mushroom bits I had did have some flavor.  My ribeye lacked any of this chimicurri that it was supposed to have, which was the main reason I ordered the malbec.  The waitress told me it was on there, I just couldn't see it.  I used to live with an Argentinian, you can see chimichurii, it almost looks like an oil heavy pesto.  I did get a side of it, and it did accentuate the flavor of the steak.  The steak was served on top of the overly buttered mash potatoes.  I ate them, but nothing special.After $150 for 2 people, I was not impressed.  Honestly, I don't see how they stay in business, I guess the bankers don't mind dropping that kind of loot on average food.  I may come back for lunch for the sandwiches or to try some of the seafood, but only if I'm already downtown and there aren't other options.
1	Recently had dinner, she had caesar salad + lobster mac, I had caesar salad + salmon dinner. Unfortunately, we were both ill after. Nothing else to eat since morning & felt good all day. Next day when I informed managing partner Blerim Meta, he claimed his food could not make us sick that quickly. Disappointing reaction. I can't imagine going anywhere at any level & getting such dismissive teatment.
3	I have nothing bad to say about this place.  I was only there for one event, but the staff was great and the appetizers that were catered were excellent.
