2	In search of the perfect, cheap pizza we recently picked up a $6 large pepperoni from PM. Our expectations were low, so we were pleasantly surprised to find the pizza was a nice size and the ingredients appeared to be good quality. Although I thought the crust was a bit thin, overall the taste was pretty good.This is not pizza to get excited about at all. Oh, and did I mention you have to cook it yourself? But it you were having a ton of people over and wanted to save some money, this would be a great cost saver and most people would think it was delivery. And it is way better than frozen pizza any day.
4	I am posting an update for two reasons:1. Their customer service is great.2. With coupons and special offers, we are able to receive a large pepperoni pizza and a container of cookie dough for $5.06 with tax. You cannot beat that.Still not my favorite pizza, but I throw a little oregano on it and it's pretty good!
3	The first three times I had this pizza I just adored it.The last time it was just so-so.  Not sure why as I was really looking forward to it.  Didn't even finish eating all of the two pizzas we bought and just threw the leftovers away.Nice that there are coupons for B1G1 in the entertainment books.  Enjoy the veggie pizza the most.
4	Wow... I'd heard about take-n-bake pizza a long time ago but was never interested enough to try it.  Wrong move!  After trying it for the first time a bit more than a month ago, I've now had it 3 times already.  It's good stuff!.. and super reasonably priced!My favorite is the super thin crust pizza with ham and mushrooms.  I'm simple, I know.  I've had many others types though now and they're all good.  Plus, this was the best thing to have on hand for a party we just had at our house.  We just went and picked up 5 large in different varieties and kept them in the fridge to bake up as people arrived.  Everyone loved them!Another great thing about this Tempe location is that the staff is so nice.  They're really great at making your experience a happy one. :)See ya there!
5	I love Papa Murphy's Take 'n' Bake Pizza! Just call in order it up it's ready by the time I get there and they combine stamp cards because I tend to forget mine on the fridge... The pizza is so good ! Yummmm!
5	I kinda feel sorry for the people who go to the Joyful Yoga studio next door... They have to resist delicious pizza thoughts everytime they are meditating! LoLThis Papa Murphy's Pizza is consistently good, offering delicious pizza and really friendly service.  Enough said.See ya there!
4	Until recently, I've never had a Papa Murphy's pizza. When my daughter was born,  a church member dropped off a pizza for my family to enjoy. We cooked the pizza and enjoyed the pizza very much.  I wanted more, but the pizza was all gone.Since the pizza was dropped off, I've gone back twice to indulge in the pizza.. The last two times I've made the short trek to the store to order and pick up the pizza myself.The ingredients are fresh, made to order and is done quickly. You're in and out within just a few minutes. There are many ingredients to choose from, all the standard dare-meats, cheese and toppings.The staff is very friendly and courteous.Become a member of the Papa's Murphy's online club and get coupons or go to the website to save a little bit on your next order.I will be back again and again.
3	if you cook these right,,, they are equivalent to NYPD for a lot less , specially the coupons and specials...BUT --- PLEASE bring back the bacon cheeseburger pizza !!! that thing was awesome, got 4 of my close friends hooked on it only to find out it was a temp promotional item.. The flavors were amazing... If you had the bacon cheeseburger still on the menu, def 4 stars... please don't tease us again :-(
3	This was my first experience with Papa Murphy's and it was a little weird.First, the experience.  This was the weird part and the reason why I'm only giving it 3 stars (otherwise it would have likely been 4).  I walked into the store about noon on a Sunday.  There was no one else in there.  And by no one else, I mean no other customers - AND, no employees.  I stood there in the lobby for about 3 minutes.  You can't really see into the kitchen area, but there was no noise coming from there and I didn't see any activity.  I jingled my keys a couple of times to see if anyone would hear me.  Nothing.  In the meantime, the cash registers are sitting right there, the tip jar with several $1 bills in it is sitting right there - totally unattended.Finally after about 3 minutes I yelled "hello!  Is anyone here?!"  A couple of seconds after that, out come this young guy and young girl (they looked like maybe high school age).  Neither of them greeted me.  Neither of them apologized.  The guy simply took his position at the register and asked if I knew what I wanted.  I felt like I was on Candid Camera or something.  I placed my order, the guy took my money and immediately disappeared back into the kitchen without even a "thank you". And the girl  started making my pizza.  She didn't speak to me even once - even though I was standing right in front of her watching her - and the only other person in the place.  She finishes, wraps up my pizza, hands it to me and says "here you go.  Have a nice weekend".   Sooooo bizarre.Anyway, my expectations for the pizza were not high.  However, after getting it home and baking it, it turned out quite good.  I got the Cowboy which is pepperoni, sausage,  mushrooms and black olives.  I was pleasantly surprised by the taste, texture and freshness of the ingredients.  And the price is right - $10 (with the coupon) for a large - and they do not skimp on the toppings at all.  Very full, dense, pizza.I will definitely get another one - just not at that particular store.  There is another one about the same distance away from me and I'll just try that place next time.
5	We ate here for the first time last week. We drive by it often enough and see the commercials so we decided to give it a try. I found a coupon on their website for a large half pepperoni, half Hawaiian pizza and since we liked both kinds we went for it. My boyfriend went to pick it up and he said he liked watching them put the ingredients on because they were fast and accurate. Everyone, he said, was friendly and they gladly accepted our coupon. Once the pizza was home we just followed the instructions and cooked it for about 16 minutes. It was wonderful!! The crust was soft but slightly crisp on the very bottom, the cheese was still "melty" since it had just come from our oven, and the ingredients tasted so fresh! Hands down this will be our "cheap" pizza of choice, the expensive pizza coming from Oregano's which we also love.
5	The people there are great and they make the pizza fast, but more importantly the final product of the pizza is amazing. The toppings are not just thrown on there. And you can watch them while they make your pizza, so you can make sure that they don't mess up on your order.  Which they hardly do. All together their pizza is amazing. Oh you got to try their five meat stuffed.
5	This is our favorite Papa Murphy's location.  Yes, we are addicted to this pie and no,  all locations do not produce the same quality product.  Tara and her team own this store and they never disappoint.  High quality, inexpensive pizza.  Amazingly fresh salads too.  We love the S'mores Desert Pizza.  I serve it for breakfast - why not it's got oatmeal on it.  Always a great meal on Saturday night.
1	this review is not about this location but about the company as a whole being i just tried to go to the web site to look at the menu and it's not available,, further, i called a location and they told me their site has been down for 2 weeks??? i can't order and get pizza from a company that can't get a website sooner than 2 weeks....oi vey!!!
4	Purchased a pizza here today for dinner. Was surprised you cook the pizza on the paper plate provided but to my delight the crust was perfect and the pizza very fresh. Well worth trying this concept of purchasing a fresh pizza and cook at home.
4	Papa Murphy's pizza is delish! I am a fan. I have had pizza a couple of times from this location now and I have been impressed. You order your pizza at the register, they make your pizza (uncooked) while you wait and you take it home to bake. The ingredients look much fresher than other local delivery places and much more affordable as well. There are always coupons in the newspaper or local flyers and you can take a large pizza home for $10, $12 without a coupon. I usually order a create your own original crust with pepperoni, jalapeno and onions but they have many other great custom flavor combos as well. They have three different crust types, thin, original and pan and also a stuffed pizza option. The pizza's are very cheesy and have great flavor and come in there own bakeable tray. It's an easy, delicious and affordable dinner. The customer service is pretty good as well, everyone seems very friendly at the counter. I will continue to eat at Papa Murphy's. Great pizza!
5	Wow...I wish I would have tried their pizza sooner.  Being from NY I am a pizza snob,  I have to admit it.  However, my husband and I decided to try a take and bake from Papa Murphy's and it was Delicious!!   Now we bring home pizzas from there all of the time!   No matter what kind of pizza we order, it is great every time.  The ingredients seem so fresh and are very flavorful.  I definitely recommend Papa Murphy's to everyone!
