3	Good place to hang out after your evening shift, or bar closings.  Don't bother too much with anything other than breakfast, which is not the greatest, but consistent and filling.  In other words, fill the void and don't expect parsley or anchovies on your ceasar salad.
3	I would study here late night because they offer the endless coffee pot where they will refill your coffee all night! I've also eaten breakfast here with my parents before a football game!
3	The food isn't great. But the never-ending pot of coffee and 24 hour schedule meant that I spent a ton of time here around finals. Just don't be a jerk: leave a fat tip after you've been sitting in someone's section all night studying. They'll appreciate it.
4	My picture was taken here. Four stars just for the mini-chimis and the patty melt.
1	What you are about to read is a true story."Welcome to Perkins, what can we get for you?""Hi!  I'd like to order the chicken fingers.""Sorry, we're out of chicken.""You're out of chicken?""Yup.""Okay... how about a bowl of ice cream.""Sorry, we're out of ice cream, too.""You're out of ice cream and chicken?""Yup.""Okay... do you have any French Fries left?""Yes, we do.""Alright, I'll have that."(comes back after a while with the fries)"Great, can I have a fork for this?""Sure." (comes back after a few minutes) "I'm sorry, we're out of forks.""You're out of forks???""Yeah, sorry..."I don't care what the food tastes like, but if an establishment runs out of forks, there is something wrong.
2	Oh man, I can't really choose between Perkins and IHOP because they are both equally BAD. Perkins was dark and depressing and the food was extremely oily. Ask yourself: Do you want to start your day with breakfast (or lunch or dinner for that matter) at this place?
3	I had a giant Raspberry Cream muffin in the morning with a piping hot cup of coffee.  What a great start to a good morning.  They serve "mammoth muffins" for around $2.30.  They had the typical kinds like Banana Nut, but also Cranberry Nut and Carrot, which I really wanted to try but I couldn't imagine that cream cheese frosting sitting too well at 8am.  Another time.Their muffins are big... I guess "mammoth" sized, but instead of an insanely gigantic muffin all I can picture is an adorable woolly mammoth.  Anyways, I thought the muffin was cream-filled, but it came with a mini scoop of butter on the side.  Not the same, and I didn't slab it on.  It tasted great the way it was.  With a cup of coffee my breakfast was within $5.By the way their pies and cookies are amazing, especially their FRENCH SILK pie.  All I've had here are their desserts and that is fine by me!
2	This is NOT the place to go for your lunch hour. They are incredibly slow and they really don't care that they are. We were not ready to order when the waitress asked us the first time so she said she would come back in a few minutes. Yeah, more like 20 minutes!! I ordered the new bacon, mushroom and onion skillet and I loved it. It has an Alfredo sauce over potatoes, grilled mushrooms & onion, bacon and cheddar cheese. I know it sounds like a heart attack on a plate but it was so good. I had a blueberry muffin also and it came out hot with butter on the side. Although I was very pleased with the meal the reason I am giving such a low rating is for the service. I ran out of water and was looking for my waitress to ask for more. It took a really long time for her to show up again. It also took more than a half an hour for our food to come out of the kitchen after we ordered. With only an hour for lunch that is unacceptable.
1	Congratulations, Perkins! You've won my award for worst food in CU.The winner is: a 1/4" chicken patty that spurts grease when bitten into! And said patty was definitely not a normal breast. More like old school McNuggets.YUCK.
2	This place was only "ok".  Not downright bad, definitely not particularly good.I got an omelet with pepper jack cheese and the "garden mix" (green peppers, onions, and celery).  It came with homefries and 3 pancakes.  All for just under $9.  Not a bad price considering the ridiculous amount of food you get, but I don't really NEED that much food, and it wasn't very good food.The pancakes were pretty good; I had them with the wild berry sauce, since I can't stand that fake "maple" syrup that restaurants serve--so kudos to them for offering 3 different syrup choices for pancakes (maple syrup, wild berry syrup, and peach syrup).  The hashbrowns were also decent.  My omelet was pretty nasty and I ended up just eating half of it.  The pepper jack cheese tasted cheap and bland and the peppers onions and celery (....still a bit baffled by the inclusion of celery) was just not a great combo.  Kind of annoyed that cheese counts toward one of the "free" toppings in the "create your own omelet"...shouldn't an omelet just...COME with cheese?I had a few sips of my boyfriend's coffee and it tasted pretty good.Service was average, and we got our food fairly quickly.The bill for the 2 of us came to about $22 (before tip).  We spent a couple bucks less at Courier Cafe last weekend, for better food and a more interesting atmosphere.  Definitely will be going back to Courier Cafe, not so sure about Perkins.
3	We had Lunch there on a Sunday ,pretty busy .I say the food is ok not a wow but ok.The service was good and the place looked pretty clean .They got lots to pick from. We did wait a long time for are food.The prices are not to bad either .I will give them another try maybe for dinner.
2	To begin with, I wish Yelp! would change the meaning of the stars.  Two stars is "Meh. I've experienced better" and three stars jumps to "A-OK."  Perkins is somewhere in between.  The menu for breakfast seems pretty extensive.  I ordered a platter that included smoked sausage (greasy), sausage (greasy and bland), eggs (done okay), bacon (spot on), breakfast potatoes (pretty good), and pancakes (so-so).  I like that they leave a pot of coffee on the table, rather than having you wait for refills from the wait staff.  It would have been even better if the pot was full and the coffee was good, neither of which was the case.  My waitress was efficient and personable.  Seemed more like a pro waitress rather than some of these student types that serve with the attitude that says, "I'm only doing this until I graduate and start my money-making career, so don't expect much."  Again, not all student wait staff are like that but some are.  The place seemed clean and it wasn't very busy for a Saturday morning breakfast.  I've wanted to try Perkins and must admit i went there today only because Courier Cafe was closed.  I will return to Perkins, as there were some other things on the menu I'd like to try and because the experience wasn't completely a bust.  Although, I am usually a member of the Clean Plate Club, I did leave behind one piece of smoked sausage, a sausage link, some potatoes, and half the pancakes.  That says something.SECOND VISIT: My first reaction holds true the second time.  The coffee wasn't very good.  The eggs were okay and the potatoes decent.  Bacon once again was perfect.  The muffin french toast was awful. and was left unfinished.
2	The food overall is just ok, but the bakery is very good.
2	I've eaten here twice now, and neither time was particularly enjoyable.  The food itself is fine; exactly what you'd expect from a Perkins.  I tried one of their newer omelets, and it was surprisingly tasty.  I had that problem where I was too full to eat more but wanted to keep eating...  The service, however, leaves much to be desired.The first time I went was on a Sunday around noon, so it was pretty busy.  My boyfriend and I stood in front of the podium waiting for someone to come to put our names on the list.  When someone finally came, he first took the name of someone who had come in after us, like we weren't even there.  It took a while to be seated, but that's understandable since it was about time for Sunday brunch.The second time was again on a Sunday around noon, but it wasn't near as busy.  Our waitress took our orders promptly, but afterwards, the quality of service plummeted.  My water glass was empty for at least 15 minutes before getting a refill, twice.  The waitress had walked past our table many times, but didn't even look at us to see how we were doing.  Our food took forever to come, and I understand there were five of us so that can take a while, but this was ridiculous.  And the waitress didn't say a thing the whole time.  When the food did come, it was warm, so at least the meal itself was good.  I asked for a box, but it never came.  I ended up asking for one at the counter myself to avoid waiting probably another half hour.  Overall, our waitress stopped at our table maybe five times total, and never apologized for the long wait or even noticed that we were pretty upset with our service.  In addition, several of the other employees were arguing loudly in earshot of customers, which I think is pretty unprofessional.I can't say I'd recommend going here, and if you do, expect to wait.
2	Went there again the other night. Looking more and more rundown and the floor was filthy.
2	Since I stayed at the Hampton Inn, I decided to grab a quick lunch next door at Perkins. Boy, was this a mistake. Let me explain:1. This place does not offer vegetarian-friendly lunch options. I ended up getting the tomato basil soup and the wedge salad without the bacon. Both were subpar.2. The service staff showed little effort. After my waitress carelessly placed the water on my table, she just threw my straw in front of me and hurriedly proceeded to serve the neighboring table. Wow. What's more is that my wedge salad was hastily assembled--the iceberg lettuce was stacked in chunks and the bleu cheese was piled on one side. 3. The booth I sat at was not well-cleaned, and the table was sticky. How the heck this happened is beyond me.The only thing holding me back from giving them 1 star is that their pastries at the front counter look well made. Sorry, Perkins. You're never seeing me again.
2	My wife and I went to Perkins tonight around 7:45pm. There were very few customers so I was hoping we would have good service. Our drinks came out fast as did our food. The food was good and hit the spot. The problems came after we got our food. Our waitress disappeared. I'm not sure if she was taking a break or busy doing other tasks but she was nowhere to be found. We were wanting to order dessert which is one of the perks of going to Perkins as they have good pie and other goodies. Unfortunately we have had this type of service in the past. We did inform the manager about our disappearing waitress.Another problem I have with the staff is that if you order a muffin with your meal, don't expect to get dessert. The waiter/waitress will suggest that you 'probably don't want dessert' since you had a muffin. This has happened to us on multiple visits from multiple waitresses. I'm not sure if this is how they train their staff here, but it's really not a good way to run a business. I want to give them my money for more food and tip well, but they make it very difficult to do this.I don't care if you have the best food on the planet. If your service is lousy, then it ruins the whole experience.
3	After ihop shut down on campus, Perkins is an alternative for brunch. I ve never been here for lunch and dinner so far.
3	Nice decor,  good food and fast service, but the waiter was a little on the rough side for personality.
4	This review is for the banana cream pie we picked up to bring to a picnic today. We were pretty skeptical of going after seeing all the awful reviews but took a chance. My boyfriend and I miss the banana cream pie we used to pick up from Marie calendars in California and hoped this would be a similar substitute. The lady that rung me up was so friendly and reassured me the pie would be great. It turns out we had a hit item at the picnic we went to. Everyone kept talking about the pie as we were making our way through the savory main dishes. And boy did it disappear fast. The pie was just as delicious as Marie's. Still skeptical on dining in though...
