5	I started having Ariana cut my hair a few years back.  Knowing her before knowing she did hair was a plus.  I first started visiting her to have my eyebrows waxed.  Everytime she would wax them I would get compliments from people.  They were nice and even, but now I have waxed them too much that the hair rarely grows in and I only occasionally require my tweezers.  Now I just have her do my hair.Two-three years ago I had fairly long hair and I had her shorten it little by little.  Two years ago this month she gave me a super cute A-line cut.  She used clippers in the back and scissors in the front.  I received so many compliments.Now I'm back to letting my hair grow long.  The night before I saw her this past January, I had a dream about a sideways braid.  Well, she was cutting my hair the day of a friend's wedding so I told her about my dream.  She did a great job at creating a braid going down the side of my head.  Many compliments once again.Last month I went to Mexico and they put my hair in braids at the beach.  I knew it was really damaged, so when I visited her last week, I told her to cut off whatever needed to go, even if it i shorter than I preferred; that's how much I trust her with haircuts.  She did take 2" off and such but it still looks cute.  I don't want anyone else cutting my hair.  I have really curly hair and many people just don't know how to cut curly hair.  My only regret is I cannot afford to have my hair colored at the salon.  I go to a beauty school for the color, but the cuts I do at Solis.  Also the staff all seem super friendly as well and the place is clean and well maintained.
4	I've been coming to this salon for years, and have been getting my hair done by Marsha since forever. This is a full service salon and they offer hair, nail and maybe even massage services, but I don't know for sure about the latter. Anyways the salon is always clean and everyone is very friendly. I usually go on Saturdays and it's very busy! I always have an appointment though so I never have to wait. I don't know if they accept walk-ins, so it's best to call and make an appointment first. They have complimentary coffee and cookies at the front desk while you wait to go back. This place is in the strip mall off Rainbow between Sahara and Charleston, behind the Arby's. Parking can be a bit annoying as the spots are usually taken right in front, and some of the spots are directly in front of the drive thru so it's very tight! You have to be careful when backing out!
