3	It is really a hit or miss place, because they change their inventory pretty regularly.  They do have a great selection of brands like Polo and Nautica for really cheap prices.  All of their products were warehouse rejects, which means that they were stitched wrong somewhere or they might be missing a button.  Most of these slight imperfections are unnoticeable to the human eye.  The prices are about half of what you would pay at a normal retail store.  I would come here for back to school shopping if I had a child, or just for collared shirt to go clubbing in.  The employees will help you find your size and answer any other questions that you might have for them.
4	Rugged Warehouse is well....rugged.  This aptly-named store is located in a down-and-out shopping center in East Charlotte near the Super G International Market and Domino's.It's understaffed and crowded with clothes.  Yet  this place puts South Park Mall to shame.  Let me explain why....They have an excellent selection of name brand clothes for men, women, children, and young adults for 75-90% off retail.  No joke.  Billabong, Express, Calvin Klein, Dockers.  The store is a mixed bag of styles; surfer, prep, urban (lots of urban), hipster-ish, and business casual.  Plus shoes for cheap.  You can put together an outfit for $30, compared to $100 at South Park.  So who has to know otherwise?
4	The first time I stepped foot into Rugged WEARhouse I walked out with bags of clothes! I love their prices and it definitely is the type of place where you need to walk around and search for great clothes but I definitely had a lot of luck there. Not to mention their sunglasses are as cheap as $3! I've had great experiences here, and they carry more than just clothes: shoes, luggage, jewelry, handbags, etc. I think it's great that you can go into a store and find everything you're looking for, AND MORE, for great prices. Beats Walmart (no offence).
3	It's "Rugged" all right, but you don't have to dig that much in here. Their racks make it easy to quickly see what they have... sometimes you can REALLY find a heck of a deal on designer wear! I hit up the sports bras (they have Champion and Reebok most of the time, in my size!), as well as pajamas and cardigans. Quick turnover of merchandise... but they carry great brands (Polo, Ann Taylor, Ralph Lauren, Calvin Klein, Express, Nautica, NY&Co, etc). Great prices!! Store can be dirty though... but the associates are usually very helpful.
3	Wow,don't think I've ever seen so many hideous/flimsy/hideous & flimsy outfits all in one place outside of a Big Lots. I know these places can be hit or miss; the day after Christmas is probably not the best time to shop. Having said that I was able to find a few things - a review below had mentioned sports bras and their selection of that was surprisingly good. The sales associates weren't overbearing, but the store and inventory could really use a good cleaning.Would check it out again if back in the area; better luck next time!
5	Rugged Warehouse is like a drug. I know drugs are bad for you, but this one just makes you feel OH so good. It takes your time, and your money from your pockets, but it's totally worth it. I'm starting to wonder if they have a Rugged Warehouse Anonymous in the back room or something as I watch the other wide eyed shoppers digging through the merchandise racks. I went to the salon next door and happened to randomly see this place on the same day. They had some cute clothes hanging outside and it was like they were beckoning me to walk inside. The large windows flashed shiny earrings and bangles at me, with purses and body wash gift packs next to it and scarves. My brain was on overload... new hair AND inexpensive new clothes/accesories?? UM, YES PLEASE.I've been here 3 or 4 times and still don't think I've spent over $100 for all my combined visits. I've gotten shoes for $7, wallets for $4, earrings for $3 and bags of clothes for super cheap!! Now, I'm not saying it's all great, but enough of it is that I can say, I'm"m an addict, and I'm not even ashamed to say so. I've purchased brands from the Limited, Forever 21, Kenneth Cole, Guess etc. They have something for all occasions... working out? No problem! Work? Gotcha covered! Hootchie club wear that shows off the girls?? YUUUUP. Seriously there is something for everyone here!They even have men's, children's and plus sized clothing. Need to decorate your house, find a new bra and some undies, or some sun glasses? Then you NEED to go to the Rugged Warehouse. Seriously, GO. I'm going to stop writing this review just so you'll go, right now... even if they are closed. Sit outside and listen to 80's mix tapes in your car until they open the doors tomorrow morning! Ok now it's just getting weird, I'm done... but go.
4	I had never been to this location,  but was familiar with the rugged warehouse chain from other states.  I found the selection to be excellent,  the staff helpful and courteous, as they appeared to realize I was a plebe to this site. I got a few good deals on some new, sorely needed, jeans without wearing out the wallet.  I'm a major shorts fan, so I'll be back in spring to procure a fresh supply of them when the weather breaks....
3	This Rugged Warehouse is very hit or miss with more misses than hits. A lot of the merchandise is junky. However, the prices are extremely low so when you do find something it's super cheap. I like their accessories. They do carry nikes and other brand name shoes for cheaper. Not a bad place but not worth going out of your way to visit.
