4	The P & G Diner is in a unique locale (my diplomatic way of saying "fuckin' weird").  It adjoins an old-timey-remeber-the-good-old-days pharmacy.  But the food is perfect greasy spoon and  the hotcakes are just as good as Pamela's downtown. It's part of same local chain if I'm not mistaken.     One thing I noticed about Millvale, though ... there sure seems to be a lot of people with injuries here.  What the hell is going on?  The people watching from P & G is like a scene from a Crewes' novel.  And I love it for it.
4	If it's good enough for Michelle Obama, it's good enough for me. Her picture remains prominently displayed, and the chair on which she sat is proudly labelled. The strawberry hotcakes made this diner one of the 50 best U.S. breakfast diners, as highlighted by the Food Network Magazine in Fall 2010. My husband gets them every time.  Truly, this is one of our fave breakfast places in the 'burgh (we also like J'EET, Ritter's Diner, the Square Cafe, the Original Pancake House, depending on what we're in the mood for). This location is our preference among the chain for its easy street parking, a lively atmosphere with the attached pharmacy (and plenty of kitsch), and staff that know our order before we give it. Breakfast can get busy, especially on the weekends, but counter-seating is first available, and generally only a five minute wait even at the busiest times.So, when we're in the mood for easy, consistent, affordable breakfast diner food, this is our place of choice. We come here so often we feel like we're already living the life of retirees (who are also among the regulars at P&G).
4	The food is just as good here (or better) than the other Pamela's.  There is sometimes a line, but it moves quickly.  The restaurant is located in a old fashioned pharmacy.  Love the crepe pancakes and the home fried potatoes.  This is a cash only restaurant, but there is an ATM located in the Pharmacy.  Jean-Marc Chatellier's French Bakery is across the street, and that's always worth a visit.
3	Right in line with the Pamela's tradition.  I will say, even on a weekday morning they do get busy which can lead to slower service.  But the good food comes out of the kitchen quickly and the portions here seem a tad bigger than some of the other Pamela's locations.
4	Tremendous value and service for your breakfast dollar! Their pancakes served thin w/ buttery crispy edges are legendary. Pam & Gale, the original owners of all Pamela's Diners in the area, have even served up those luscious cakes for Michelle Obama - you can ask to see the chair she sat in upon her first visit now emblazoned w/ her name on a brass plate.The very best item to order is the Lincoln Big Breakfast w/ two eggs over easy/scrambled, three pieces of bacon/sausage/ham, their butter drenched onion and potato Lyonnaise homefries AND two scrumptious pancakes. It will keep you satiated for a whole day.They execute well w/ roving coffee refills from very friendly staff. I love Pamela's at all locations. They serve great homestyle breakfast and lunch in visually interesting places.Ladies room is unisex and tucked away in the back reaches of the building. Pretty clean and stocked but TP was on a little hot water heater across from the commode which kind of makes me twitchy but not itchy! Ha!
4	Wonderful comfort food, friendly service, hearty portions. And the pancakes are really excellent.
5	My very favorite breakfast restaurant in Pittsburgh! I love the pancakes and sausage! Omlettes, Benedicts, Waffles and traditional farm fresh eggs also five star! Worth the wait - P&G Diner shares space with Lincoln Pharmacy with a modest penny candy counter, operational pharmacy and gift items.
4	the lyonnaise potatoes are worth the trip alone. great breakfast spot, the wait in line can be long, and you'll have to wait a pretty decent amount of time for your food too, so i wouldn't advise coming completely starving. Phosphates are really good and not too sweet.
4	Just down the street from the venue I was working at while on tour. Perfect diner breakfast, just what I needed!
5	I went here because Queen Obama did. I do everything that she does. I did NOT go here for the delicious specialty hotcakes, fluffy eggs, and Lyonn! No, sir! The amazing breakfast had nothing to do with it.Cash only.
1	I have been here a few times and have always had a good experience with the wait staff and considered the food to be passable.  Before last week, I would have probably actually given this place a nice 4 star rating.  HOWEVER, I work in the area and drive past the diner on a daily basis at about 6:30-6:45 in the morning and what I saw the other day has turned me off of this restaurant forever.  As I was on my way to work, I was stopped at a light in front of the closed diner and saw a man prepping the food for the morning rush and he was SMOKING while working with the food.  I am not squeamish when it comes to smoking for the most part, but this is not 1960 anymore and there are health department regulations.  The more I think about it, the more utterly disgusting it is to think of the potential cigarette ashes in my food.  After seeing that, I will NEVER, NEVER, NEVER eat there again.
4	The have a fantastic belgian waffle! Crispy and delish! The lyonnaise potatoes are a must. I don't even want to think about how unhealthy they must be because they taste delicious! They have fantastic specials that rotate on a 5 week basis. The weekend we were there they had peach melba hotcakes. My dad drove from WV to try them out, and he LOVED them! Be prepared to wait if you visit for breakfast on the weekend! But, even though the line stretched all the way to the back of the pharmacy when we arrived, we didn't wait more than half an hour for a table. It moves quickly, most people are really considerate of those who are waiting in line and vacate quickly after finishing their meals. The food arrived very quickly, service was very friendly and on top of all our needs. We will definitely be back!
4	This is a pretty cool place.  It's a Pamela's that inside an old drug store.  Same old great food, with a TON of character.  There's actually an old fashioned soda fountain in this place.  I had an excellent spinach and feta omelette that came with the best home fries.  Not sure what they did to them, but they were crispy the way I like them.  If you find yourself driving through Millvale, it's definitely worth a stop!
4	Pamela's is incredibly delicious. Those crepe style pancakes melt on your tongue and despite them being so thin, they are very filling. If you eat a Pamela's breakfast, be prepared not to eat anything else that day. The potatoes are crazy good, made with onions and magic and who knows what else, but they taste like heaven. Wish I had that recipe! If you are from Pittsburgh, I'm guessing you could sing Pamela's praises. If you are visiting Pittsburgh, this is THE place to have breakfast/brunch. Yes, they have a lunch menu. But why order a sandwich at a breakfast place? If a place is known to be one of the best at something, why fight it? I'm judging you.This location is not my favorite. It's unique in that it's inside a functional old timey drug store. There isn't a ton of seating and the line backs up and winds around the store, which is awkward. The Pamela's in the strip is superior as far as expedited seating and service. But if you are in Millvale and don't mind waiting near the NyQuil, grab some pancakes and potatoes. Cash only!
1	Don't get me wrong. I love Pamela's. But this location can't compare to the others I've been to. I'm usually not a snob when it comes to waiting for food, but waiting over 30 minutes for pancakes, when every other location has you your food in less than 10? No thanks
4	A great alternative to going to Pamela's in the strip if you don't want to wait for a table. This P&G has a lot of the same menu items like the crepe style hot cakes and lyonnaise potatoes, as well as a variety of omelets. It's also an old school pharmacy, which adds some charm. The service is good and the prices are reasonable.
2	Went to p&g in millvale. A very popular and bustling breakfast spot. Ordered the blueberry crepes,. There's a picture posted on this page of these crepes and don't they look yummy? But what if you bit into yours and discovered the blueberries were frozen, and there was a layer of  permafrost over them? Would you tell your waitress, "hey! My blueberries are frozen." And what if your waitress said "that's the way we serve them." ? And if you said you really didn't want ice cold crepes on a frigid winter morning, but had instead looked forward to a hot breakfast, and she said there wasn't anything she could do because that's the way we serve them, would you write this review?  I understand Pamela is over on her new Squirrel Hill Deli's yelp page telling people if they don't like the food no charge, but I couldn't even get my crepes heated up at P&G.
5	Everything about Pamelas is fantastic. We visit this one on the weekends to avoid a long wait in Shadyside or Mt. Lebanon. Service is always excellent, the staff is friendly and professional.
5	I find it inconceivable that anyone could give this eatery anything less than a 5-star review. It's a phenomenal place to eat eggs and potatoes and drink coffee. It's all I want in a restaurant.
3	Their pancakes are awesome with specialty flavors. Their omelet is very weak. If you come for the pancakes you will be very happy, anything else and I think you will be sorely disappointed.
5	Absolutely love this place. There's always a line on the weekend but the counter is seat yourself so I can usually squeeze in quickly. If they have croissant french toast on special - GET IT! You won't be disappointed!
4	We had a good visit here last week. Like many others have noted, the pancakes are unique and very good. I loved the buttery flavor and crispy edges. I would have preferred fresh-cut strawberries in my pancakes instead of the syrupy ones. We ordered a fruit bowl for our one year old daughter but it seemed a little overpriced for what it was. The bacon was very thin - I like a thicker cut myself. This is an unusual location as it's found inside a pharmacy. The employees were pleasant to deal with. Can't say it was my favorite breakfast ever but it was certainly worth the stop. This is a cash-only joint, so bring your dollars!
5	This  is a an old soda fountain / pharmacy, and they also serve breakfast, lunch dinner.   They serve the famous Pamela's Hotcakes which are my favorite.  Inside there is the original woodwork, which looks nice, and on the pharmacy side theres a large section that sells Steeler, Pirates and Penquin stuff and theres some penny candy for the kids!  The waitresses were very friendly and nice!
3	Pancakes were off the hook. Those will bring me back for sure.  They're very thin,  almost crepe like. What I won't order again are the potatoes.  They were a killed mushy mess with raw onions scattered throughout. Typical diner coffee, nothing special.  Service was fast and friendly.    If it weren't for the hotcakes I wouldn't go back, but they made up for the taters and joe.
2	Dirty men's room.   Manager standing, eating in front of customers.   Unsure of who our server was.  Serving staff appeared and disappeared.  No one returned to fill coffee.    Pancakes were good, the rest of the food average.   Noisy.   Disappointing after so many strong reviews. There are better options.
