5	Care and her team where nothing but professional, courteous, helpful and fun to work with through out my wedding planning and day of. Care offered great ideas and ways for me to get creative to fit within my budget without sacraficing the vision I had for my wedding. I would recommend her and sterling event design to any bride!
5	Care was a pleasure to work with. She is kind, thoughtful, organized, communicates promptly, and professional! My family and guests loved how friendly and easy going she was. Care and her team were invaluable to the success of our wedding. I couldn't imagine being able to pull off our dream wedding without Sterling Wedding and Events! Thank you for all your hard work!
5	Care at Sterling Events was phenomenal. I hired her over a year out from my wedding as a partial planner. She was there every step of the way. She would let me know when I needed to have things done and was very responsive to any needs I had. As the day got closer she put together all the small details, contacted each one of my vendors, and made sure that everything was in place. The wedding day was a dream come true. Care showed up and made sure everything was in place and I did not have one ounce of stress and got to completely focus on the moment. I highly recommend Care and her team to anyone looking for a wedding planner.  Care is attentive, flexible, and always one step ahead.  I am thankful for all that she did for me on my wedding day.
5	Any wedding is difficult to plan, but try to organize a destination wedding in Phoenix, AZ, when the bride and groom are in Seattle, and two sets of parents are in London and Tucson, none of whom have a clue as to venues and vendors in Phoenix.  Care Schmidt of Sterling Weddings and Events made it all seem easy for us.  She and her staff were organized, knowledgeable about reliable vendors and suitable venues, and diplomatic in coordinating the ideas of the bride, groom and parents.  Most importantly, Care has a process that has worked for her with many other families,  flexible enough to meet the unique needs of each bride and groom.  Her follow-up and coordination is first rate, helped by her knowledge of spreadsheets  for budgeting and timeline planning.  Her personality is welcoming and warm, which helps her take care of business aspects in a soft, but effective manner.  She has great relationships with her vendors, who go out of their way to accommodate her clients.  Care's confidence reduces the anxiety that naturally comes with all who are involved in a wedding.  We were all able to enjoy the moment, knowing that Care and her staff had everything planned to the smallest detail and well in-hand.All who attended had nothing but raves for the ceremony and reception, remarking on how seamlessly it proceeded and how special it was to feel the positive energy and love that filled the  air.Sterling Weddings and Events should be your first choice, regardless of the size or nature of your event.  Experience, flexibility, diplomacy and attention to detail are the major strengths of Care and her team.
5	We were recommended to Care Schmidt by my work because we had done some short videos with her, and I am so glad we found her! I got in contact with her over a year before our wedding, and I chose to do the "part-time" option for her, since I didn't need someone to hold my hand every step of the way, just someone who I could call with any questions I had. She was always willing to meet whenever I was uneasy about something, and always gave me a call or email back regarding any questions I had. She is a busy woman, and I really appreciate all the small details that I had no clue about that she helped me out with...like who is "presenting" the couple on the invitations, where to go to get various things, and when dress shops weren't telling me the whole truth. On the wedding day, the groom was very nervous about how things would run, and I tried to explain to him that that is why we have Care, but he wouldn't listen. But, he soon found out that she was worth every penny! Anything we had questions about or needed help with, it was done before we could even finish our thought about it. She knows her stuff very well!!! My father was really happy to have her on board so that he could ask her about anything as well throughout the wedding as well as any time before. She made sure that all of our belongings were packed up and ready for us to pick up the next day before she left, which was a very big help in the morning. I was so happy with Care's service and calm attitude about everything, it made us feel very well taken care of! I would recommend her to anyone I know that is getting married, or even just throwing a big party! Totally worth it!
5	No one can do it better than Care Schmidt!  When my wife brought up the fact that she wanted a wedding planner I was a little hesitant because I didn't know what the $$ would get us.  My wife/fiancee at the time set up a meeting at a Starbucks for a greet and meet.  After sitting down and talking about the different options I was speechless.  She had a few different avenues to pursue being our wedding planner.  From the get go Care was so personable and professional we instantly were charged with excitement and enthusiasm.  Care instantly changed my perception of wedding planners.  Before I had really only heard negative things from friends experiences with their planners.  Too bad they didn't have Care!  Now it has been a over a month since our wedding and I still think back to the Wedding and Reception when Care was right by our side for everything.  I had a few concerns during the reception and Care was right there to take care of business.  And I really wouldn't even call it business because it is so natural for her to trouble shoot any issue or problem and have the best outcome.  I Love this woman, she made my wedding spectacular and it couldn't of been so wonderful without her guidance and expertise.  She is an ALLSTAR!  Just know one thing about Care Schmidt, she always takes, "Care" of people!
5	Speaking as the mother-of-the-bride, working with Care on our daughter's wedding was a wonderful experience. I don't think wedding preparation can ever be completely stress-free but Care did her best to make it as close as possible. She is organized, creative, and fun to work with. Since the wedding was at the Desert Botanical Garden, everything had to be brought into the venue. She directed us to some amazing vendors - caterer, photographer, DJ, baker, and rental company. Care and her team were on site all day ensuring that everything was just the way our daughter and son-in-law wanted it. There were a couple of glitches during the setup that we were not even aware of until Care prepared her recap of the event. She took care of the issues and let us enjoy the event. What more can you ask for? We don't have another daughter to plan a wedding for but if we did, Care at Sterling Wedding and Events would be the first person we would call!
