5	Update: My back pain is GONE.  Thanks CFME!Here's my review from 6/16/2012: FIRST A LITTLE BACKGROUND: I'm 51 years old, an Air Force medic (civil service), a physician assistant, and an Air Force veteran with 27 years of service.  I had L5-S1 microdiscectomy in 2007, which took away 95% of my intensely painful sciatica, but intensified a long history of low back pain.  I also had knee surgery--medial meniscectomy in 2010, which, again, corrected 95% of my knee problem, leaving me with occasionally sensation of pain and weakness.About 4 months after my back surgery, I began to take serious the idea of going to the gym.  Since that time, I've logged countless visits to Las Vegas Athletic Club focusing on cardio (stair stepper, treadmill walking, etc--avoided running), and weight training.  I have followed the Body for Life program (a pyramid weightlifting strategy), as well as several other weightlifting strategies (Back and Bi's, Chest and tri's, and all of that stuff) with the purpose of gaining strength, not necessarily body building.  I noticed improvement in my back pain, and noticed I felt stronger.CROSSFIT:  I was introduced to Crossfit ~2007 and accessed the website (http://www.crossfit.com).  From the videos there, I incorporated (loosely) the ideas and exercises into my routine.  I learned quite a bit.  One time, I briefly looked into the cost of attending a Crossfit gym.  Compared to my local gym membership ($22/month), it was considerably more expensive, and so I quickly dismissed it.CROSSFIT MAX EFFORT (LAS VEGAS):  3 months ago, my son decided to join CFME.  At this point, I was very bored in my exercise routine, was still having episodes of knee and back pain with occasional twinges of discomfort going down my legs.Joining Crossfit Max Effort was the BEST thing I've done for my life.  My back is significantly improved, and my knee is getting stronger.THE OWNERS & the coaches are AWESOME.  They are professional, friendly, very knowledgeable, and are constantly looking out for you.  They are detailed in their instruction.  You have no doubt on how to do things the right way, and they correct you when your technique is off.  Although the classes are in a group setting, the personal attention they give you makes you feel like you're the only person in the room.  That they care is quite evident.  They are passionate about what they do.  And they are fun to be around.THE MEMBERS, who are of various ages, are positive, motivating, and encouraging.  Everyone is working at their own physical capabilities, pushing their own boundaries, and working hard---TOGETHER.  Attending a Crossfit class, working together to accomplish the same workout, pushing ourselves together, is INCREDIBLY MOTIVATING, far beyond the hum-drum boring conventional gym routine.  There's MAGIC doing this in a group, lead by a knowledgeable coach.  VARIETY: Every day, the workout of the day is different.  The variety and potential for variety keeps it fresh and works on all aspects of fitness.  I look forward to checking the website the night before to see what we will be doing.A TYPICAL CLASS involves: 1. The call for the class ("5 o'clock Crossfit!"), and we all gather around the coach who writes our names on the white board.2. A brief introduction into what we will be doing that  hour.3. A warm-up that's directed toward the WOD (workout of the day) we will be doing.  The warm-up involves both warming up as well as specific stretches geared toward the WOD.4. INSTRUCTION, detailed, on the specific skills to be done during the WOD.  Then practicing the movements as a class.  Example:  how to properly perform a push press (for more, check the Exercises and Demos on the left at this website: http://www.crossfit.com/.  Although you will find just about all you need there, I can tell you that it's nothing like being there, listening, practicing the moves, and having a coach fine tune your technique.  They see things you wouldn't notice yourself!!NOTE:  up to this point, through the warm-up and instruction, you are already sweating.  I've heard several times, "The warm-up is the workout" or something of that nature.  By this time, you've been through the work you might do at an average gym.  Your shirt is partially drenched.  5. THE WOD:  this is what we're all there for.  It's the mission.  And we all accomplish it together.  Often, it is highly intense, and you are with a group, pushing yourselves to get it done.  Again, motivation is maximal and incredible.  You accomplish things you couldn't do on your own.  And just when you say you can't do anymore, you're spent, and your attention is focused on all that you're doing, you hear an encouraging voice in a coach or fellow member that motivates you to give a little more.6.  Class directed or on your own, specific stretching targeting mobility and flexibility after the workout.  This is a time to cool down, stretch, and recover.
5	Where to begin. WOW. I ventured over to CrossFit Max Effort for their SuperHero week, free classes for anyone interested in trying it out. I was extremely nervous. All that disappeared when I was greeted by so many nice people. Our instructor for the day, Nicole, was the fittest chick ever. She asked my name, introduced herself....and we got started. Never again will I be able to go to another gym. I'm truly addicted from the start. Since most of us in the SuperHero class were new, Nicole took her time going through each move making sure we all had it down before going into the workout. And boy was it a workout. It lasted only 10 minutes, but it was an amazing, challenging, awesome, hard, sweaty 10 minutes. My body felt rocked, but I felt awesome! I went back the next day to sign up for the Prep Class course. I am more excited about going to CFME than I am about most things. It works the body and mind. Thank you CFME, for a great experience and i'm looking forward to our relationship growing. I LOVE CFME!
5	Back in June of 2012 I decided to give CrossFit a try based on my younger brother's suggestion... After a brief search on Google I found CrossFit Max Effort just a few miles from my house. At the time I made my visit to this gym based on its proximity to my house and now over a year later and with various visits to other CF gyms along the West Coast, I can honestly say that this is THE CrossFit gym for you if you're passionate about fitness and either live or happen to be in Vegas.I played sports in high school and have always kept in generally adequate physical condition... Alternating between chest & tricep, back & bicep, and legs and shoulder days at the local gym (my standard regimen since HS football). Since starting, CrossFit has shattered my concept of training and fitness in an incredibly positive way. In addition to being the fittest I've ever been, the gym provides a level of camaraderie you simply don't find at this stage in life outside of work. When was the last time you went to dinner with friends you met at the gym? Or partnered up with a stranger for a workout and became friends before the session was over? The culture at CFME is the icing on the cake. The cake being the awesome instruction provided by the coaches. Or maybe the cake is fitness... I don't know, I'm not good at metaphors.I could keep going on, but it would get way too specific and long. What I should have started with: If you want to get in the most incredible shape of your life (no matter where you're starting, 200 pounds overweight with no lifting background or an elite athlete with a Red Bull sponsorship) you should come to CrossFit Max Effort. You'll be doing your future self an enormous service.
5	This is an amazing gym.  I was sent to Vegas for an ongoing work assignment and decided to check these guys out.  Here are a few of the highlights/standouts:1.  The facility is huge. Easily he biggest CF gym Ive ever been in. The place is brand new.  They have showers, too.2. Coaching is top notch.  This is the biggest selling point for me.  These guys and gals know their stuff.  3. Each work out specific instruction is given for the movements that day. The warm up is meant to ready you for the task ahead.  Its not a bunch of people doing random shit on their own with no purpose.  These classes are focused.  You will be corrected if a correction is needed.4.  The community is great.  In the short time I was there I made friends with a bunch of the members and staff.  This place is going to be my home away from home.Even if you are going to Vegas for a short stay, get over to this box.  Its super easy to get to from the strip and is in an area with relatively no traffic and easy in and out.  I just like everything about this place.Zack and his crew are running a tight ship over there and it shows.You will not be disappointed.
5	Dropped in while at a convention here in Vegas. Phenomenal community and I felt like I was a regular. Isaac was great!  Very excited to visit again soon.
5	I dropped in for a handful of classes while working on a production in Vegas, and I'm very, very happy that I was fortunate enough to find the place. The facilities are super large, clean and well kept, the coaching staff was fantastic, and all the people I trained with were great. CrossFit Max Effort has the most incredible visitor/drop-in pricing policy that I've ever seen, and they seemed truly happy to have me in as a guest. From the looks of their WOD board, about half the people there at any given time are visitors, and as visitors, you get the exact same coaching attention and high expectations as long-standing members.Really an outstanding place. They've set the bar incredibly high on what to expect from boxes away from home.
5	This is hands down my favorite CrossFit I've visited while traveling outside of SoCal. While it looks innocuous on the outside, the inside is huge and full of fun CrossFit gear to play with. I was intrigued by the fact that they had three classes going on at once: Oly, regular, and fundamentals. All the coaches seemed fully engaged and very attentive to each individual's needs. While this box can get around 40+ visitors everyday, I felt welcomed by the Max Effort tribe members. I left with some new friends and the knowledge that I will stop into this box every time I am in Vegas!!
5	Wow! Visited this place while on vacation for a 3-day drop in and I am glad I chose this box over the others. The coaches and programs are top notch. Looking forward to visiting this place again in the future.
5	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  They don't utilize Beyond the Whiteboard as much to track individual progress. Closed on Sundays.LIKE  The availability of different types of classes to take. Retail area is full of good merchandise. Close proximity to Whole Foods and Skinny Fats.LOVE  Zach Forrest. The coaching staff. The programming. The quality of coaching. Power hour. Huge space. Equipment is always updated.
5	I dropped in for a class this past weekend and I loved it. The class was fun and challenging. The coaches and athletes were all friendly and welcoming to the visitors. And the SPACE was huge with lots of updated equipment. I would definitely drop in again during my next Vegas trip. Thanks Crossfit Max Effort!
5	I had a great visit last Friday to CFME! The facilities are AMAZING. The coaches and the other local members went out of their way to make us all feel welcome! We had a group of various ability levels so the coaches made sure to scale all of the movements and come by often to review our form. I would go back here next time I am in town for sure! The office staff took photos of us, gave us a tour of the huge facilities (with a great lobby and shower area), and called a cab for us all! CF games athlete and CFME owner Zack Forrest even checked in to make sure we were having a good visit :)
5	Zack and Lindsay are my Favorites there. They pushed me to my limits, and I constantly wanted to go past it because of them. Great work outs every time I'm there, and the environment is awesome. Sucks that I have to go to Korea otherwise I'd still be going to CFME. Till then, I'll just take what they taught me and do it on my own time.
5	I had the most EXCELLENT experience at this gym, from beginning to end. First of all, the facility is not only massive in size but it's truly stunning. Perfectly well-kept, very clean, totally state of the art. The lobby is perfect in size, doesn't need to be too big considering everyone should be congregating in the main floor. They do need to have more apparel items however, my girlfriends and I were excited to drop-in and buy a shirt but they only had XL T-shirts available. I know this gym has the most visitors in Las Vegas so they should be STOCKED with shirts for sure! ;)They have a common/hang out area next to the restrooms which I think is great, and there is just a ton of space and all the equipment and toys you can think of. Everything about this place emphasizes community to me, and even as a visitor from SoCal, I've never been more welcomed into someone's gym. We were greeted by Zach first, the owner, and he was awesome and really delightful. Our class began about 5 minutes in, and right off the bat Coach John introduced himself and had an excellent sense of humor. I liked him almost immediately. I then discovered we were going to have 3 coaches to our class, including Zach, which was great - it appeared there were athletes of all levels in this class, so having the extra eyes was a good idea. A female coach took us through some line drills....she lacked energy and enthusiasm during the drills, but that was the only time I even interacted with her. After that we split up into groups to max out on the OHS, and John was coaching the group I was in and let me say, he was excellent. One of my girlfriends just had surgery done so she had to go pretty light with the OHS, but he paid a lot of close attention to her and we were extremely appreciative of that. Plus, I was happy to set a pretty big PR in that class which made my whole day! :)The WOD was Nancy and running is not my thing, especially in dry heat! But every time I'd start running towards the giant garage door, Coach John would be there waiting for me, haha. Not to mention, my running technique is pretty awful and he gave me some great tips for that. I do wish they would have incorporated some sort of stretch after the workout was done, but a lot of boxes don't do that and our class might've gone over the hour. This gym is FANTASTIC. You will have absolutely NO REGRETS visiting. I spent the whole weekend partying in Vegas and visiting Max Effort was definitely my highlight. THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU MAX EFFORT!
5	What an incredible facility. Felt like an airplane hangar!I was in Vegas for a work conference and felt the need to balance out all the sitting/eating with some CrossFit while I'm away from home. I couldn't have picked a better place for my first drop-in experience.The website/sign-up process is super straight forward, and the location is about 10 minutes from the strip (at 5:45am). It was about a $15-20 cab ride.The 6am class was very well attended (getting up at 5:30am in Vegas is difficult, but so worth it!) and the instructors were great. Would 100% return next time I'm in town.
5	Great Gym even  greater members! After moving from Texas where my crossfit/weight loss journey began. I was stressed to find a box that could match up with former box. I tried four boxes while looking for a home and then I found max effort. Anyone that has crossfitted (not sure if that's a word) know that the box you choose is an important and can be like the 1st day of a new high school.  Not only are all the members supper cool but the coaches were crazy personal and professional.
5	This place is great! I love visiting boxes when I'm on the road and this place is hands down the nicest I've been to. Huge space, tons of amenities, newer gear, clean, well organized, and staff that loves visitors and makes you feel right at home. After my first workout here I was hooked. And, I love that they embrace the visitor and offer such awesome pricing for religious CFers at only $5 per drop-in after the initial $20 for up to a week. I was there every day. Very happy to not skip a beat just cuz I was on the road for a while. I'll be back here for sure next time I'm back in LV!
4	I have to start off by saying this is the first box I've worked out in aside from where I normally CrossFit. I was in Vegas recently for a show and had the opportunity to work out at CrossFit Max Effort while there.Walking in, I was greeted right away and felt welcomed.  I had filled out the waiver info online and the special they had was take a class and get a t-shirt for $30. I thought that was a great deal. The facility is huge with a massive workout area, showers, hang out place, even a place where kids can chill if you have little ones. I took the 5:00 class and it was 102 degrees outside that day. It was HOT!  The air in the gym was stifling for someone not adapted to working out in that environment. No swamp coolers or fans???? So doing the WOD was a bit more challenging. Started with warm ups, pretty typical then went straight into practicing our DU's and snatches for the WOD. After making sure we all could DU and snatch we got our gear ready to WOD. Now here is where it was weird for me. Where is the skill work?  At my box we do a warm, then we do skill work, then we WOD. Is this not typical for other CrossFit boxes?  The WOD was great, pretty tough, the instructors made sure we used proper form and corrected us if they saw anyone's form slipping. Very helpful, super nice and I left with new information on how to row better. I'd certainly go back on my next trip out. Met a few regulars after the workout and they were all super friendly and extended the invitation to come back.
5	Awesome place if crossfit is your thing. My husband attends classes almost every day and he loves it! I have attended some of the hero workouts and the gym is great. Really big and full of all the equipment you need. We have gone to other gyms and they even say how awesome max effort is, and they were rated top crossfit gym for visitors in the US!
5	I've been going to this CrossFit gym for about six months now and I absolutely love it. Each and every single coach I've had is awesome. They are so knowledgeable about movements and technique and really push you towards your potential without risking injury. Also, I have felt less competitive since I've come here, because you really work on your scaled level and growth as an individual rather than competing against your classmates. This is important because I've always viewed CrossFit as a very competitive sport and the competition has been what drives me to work harder.  But everyone is on such different levels and unless you're an elite athlete, sometimes you just can't compare your performance against others, but you still need to continue growing and getting better.I've been working on getting stronger, while not sacrificing technique since I've been here, but the one thing I've noticed the most growth in is my confidence with the movements. The coaches nurture your strengths and push you to work on your weaknesses with a fine balance that grows your confidence, yet keeps you aware of the things that may be holding you back. It's because of this that I look forward to going to class to get my butt kicked on a daily basis. The gym itself is a beautiful facility. They are never short on equipment and when classes are super full, they find a way to make it work without you ever feeling crowded. They have four bathrooms and 2 shower rooms. Everything is very well-taken care of, which is not just a testament to the gym, but also to the members and community. You can see they take pride in being a part of Max Effort. I just feel very much at home here.
5	Great gym. Dropped in for two classes this past week and was not disappointed. Sign in process for out-of-towners was easy and streamlined and the workout was great.  Would definitely recommend.
5	Sooo stoked I chose Crossfit Max Effort when I was in Vegas.  I've visited about a dozen boxes since I started Crossfit last year and this one stands out as the best.  Not just for the amazing facility(it is big, well stocked and clean) but more so for the staff.  Each class had two instructors and the amount of feedback and coaching you get is phenomenal.  You will learn a crap load of technique and great mechanics.  The whole hour you will be getting feedback and helpful advice to improve your workouts. They also have no problem riding your ass til you get it, which was refreshing since it shows they care.  The level of coaching all made sense when I later found out that the coaches at Max Effort trained a couple of the coaches at my home box at CF1.  Anyway, this box is a must visit if you get to Vegas.  I would go back to Vegas just so I could train here again, that is how great this box is.  It was like going to the Standford or Harvard of Crossfit where you were getting good solid advice to improve.  Also, a good deal is that after the initial $15 drop in, it is only $5 a class for the rest of your visits.  A great deal for anyone visiting.So props to Zach, Isaac and Lindsay, you have an amazing box. Everyone else, if you get to Vegas, make sure you get into Max Effort for at least one WOD.
5	I think the cult has spoken for this box... You go Vegas to drink and eat and gamble but if you crossfitter, you should check this box out.I am a regular here and sign up for classes when I book my flight  tickets to Vegas.FYI, if you drink the night before...you better get some pedialyte in you
