5	The Punjab Palace is  my favorite Indian restaurant in Montreal (out of, say, the dozen or so that I've been to, including the more expensive Taj downtown).  I've probably eaten there more than any other restaurant in the city over the years but that probably says even more about their prices than it does their food (but not about its vicinity - it's a bit of a hike north and not too accessible to public transportation). It's not only bring your own wine (and beer), but it's pretty hard to get out of there spending more than 15 bucks per person with tax and tip (including appetizers, main course, nan, etc).On the other hand, I'm not sure that I agree with the review below that claims the service is good. In fact, I'd say it's pretty bad. Come to think of it, it's just outright awful. I've waited twenty minutes just to get a menu (having to wildly flag down the server). Even when the places is half-empty, the service is still pretty bad. But if you factor the price in, you can accept it with zen-like serenity.  However, I'd advise that the restaurant is  not only bring your own wine but preferably bring your own wine opener too.  We started bringing ours because we struggled so many times to get the attention of the server to come over and open our bottles.  Once the bottles are open and alcohol is flowing, waiting is less frustrating. In fact, the last time we did that, our waiter ended up borrowing ours. Of course, he disappeared with it and then we had to hunt him down to get it back when we were ready for the next bottle.But enough about bottle openers. The Punjab has a fried fish appetizer (damn if I don't forget what it's called) that's spectacular. The only dud is the vindaloo which is not only not spicy but somewhat flavorless.  Everthing else is a winner.
5	Best Indian in Montreal.
4	Good little restaurant on Jean Talon - they have decent service and do all the staples nicely. Warning - if you order for pickup, the little bastards won't make it until you actually physically show up, forcing you to wait 45 minutes for your food. I guess too many people have called to order and then never shown up, so beware.
4	Overall, very good food and service. Some of the dishes were a bit Asian tasting (chili paneer and ginger chicken) but food was fresh, tasty, and came out quick on a busy night. Definitely a keeper for that area.
4	We started with an order of vegetable samosas served with a sweet and spicy tamarind sauce and chimichurri. Gigantic deep-fried dumplings filled with a more than generous filling of spiced potatoes, lentils and green peas. I'm not going to lie, I can make a meal out of these things, hit me up with three of four of those bad boys and a drank, and I can watch Men's Olympic water polo and hate myself into tomorrow.
4	I love Punjab Palace! If they delivered I would have it much more often. Their butter chicken is perfect, the lamb curry too, their palao rice with spices, fried onions and green peas is the best around and their eggplant curry is my favorite. I've never tried their thaly dishes but they look great. The recent renovations have improved the look of the place, but when I was last there it looked like they had difficulties handlin the new influx of seated guests and the weird light wall in the back was pretty trippy, in a weird way. So you might want to call ahead and take out.
5	I come here mostly for the thali so my 5 stars are for the thali. The price is very reasonable and the butter chicken was heavenly. Since I'm not Indian, I don't know what butter chicken is supposed to taste like, but this restaurant's version of the butter chicken is one of my favourite: very buttery, a bit sweet, and I didn't find it spicy at all! The waiter was also very accommodating: instead of the tandoori chicken, I asked to have extra butter chicken and my request was granted. The restaurant across the street (Chand Palace) wasn't as friendly and charged an arbitrary 2 dollars to replace the tandoori chicken with butter chicken...
5	This place was so Awesome that my wife craved for the food that we wen the next day.
4	I know that most people go to an Indian restaurant because they want to eat butter chicken (I'm totally like that too), and the butter chicken here is good, but their lamb saag (cremed spinach) is even better!  I never thought a greenish gooey looking dish could taste that good. Their samosas are also mighty delicious (beware, they're quite spicy!) and were a great teaser to the main dishes. It took them quite awhile to bring out our food - more than 20 mins - when we went there on a Saturday evening (it was full house), but other than that, I have no complaints.
5	Excellent food at good price. We had to wait. The naan and the rice extra like everywhere else. Samosa was great but others in the group found it spicy. Also don't forget bring your own alcohol. I wish I knew that ahead of time. Definitely coming back.
4	Great nice and cheap Indian place!
5	5 $ veggie Tahli was the best . It actually had flavor!  I could taste the coriander in the fresh Dahl!  The naan (gave me an additional serving) was included in the price. The staff was friendly. This is a good place to bring a friend for a first time introduction in not too spicy Indian cuisine.
4	Seems that in MTL you really have to visit Parc-Ex to escape the over decorated, over-priced Indian restos, and to that end, this one satisfies. Somewhat aloof service, but they promptly took our order.  We wanted desert after, but couldn't find a server.  For the record:  BYO beer, as well as wine.  Pay at the front after.Food was amazing.  Garlic naan, dahl, chili paneer all were excellent.  Enough to stuff 2 adults: $25 after tip!
4	The waiter was really polite, and the service was fast and efficient. The place seemed not very well lit and a little too dark for me, and their washrooms are smaller than my closet.The food was delicious, and the portion was gigantic. Everything was seasoned with so much spice and love, the lamb curry was pure ecstasy. I love how they grill their naan, slightly charcoaled and a crispy outer shell with a softer inside.The butter chicken was slightly dry, but the taste was good, and the sauce was pretty thick.The food are really cheap, but their flavours aren't cheap at all. The garam masala and the cumin powder stands out immediately when you take a bite into the lamb. The lentils and cauliflowers complemented the meat dishes wonderfully.You can bring your own wine and beer, which is extremely convenient for gatherings with families and friends.
5	Oh so good! We enjoyed our first dinner so much that we went back 3 days later ("weren't you here earlier this week??" haha). Somebody else had recommended Saag, which I'd never tried before, but oh my goodness TRY THE SAAG!! It's revolting-looking, but one of the tastiest things I've ever tried. Plus the lamb is much more tender than chicken (butter chicken was delicious too, but I always find the chicken a little dry). And the samosas? 2 for $2 -- we had them with dinner and then took two more home with us! They are so flavourful, and even after sitting in the fridge and being re-heated the next day, they were still moist and delicious. That's impressive!Naan is awesome, roganjosh was an interesting try (spicy!), we never had to wait for a table (although we came at 6:00 -- by 7:00 the place was packed), you can bring your own beer or wine... my *only* negative note is I didn't love their chai. For $2/cup I think I'd skip it and just focus on the deliciousness of saag :D
4	Had supper for the first time at Punjab Palace. Very clean restaurant, very good portions. Their butter chicken & garlic naan are to die for. There's not really service, they put a pitcher of water on your arrival, a bottle opener so basically you have to open your wine, which we really don't mind since it's really cheap for the price you're paying. Very good portions, we were 4, ordered about 6 dishes and we were full for about 80$ tip included. Best part is byow!
5	Delicious! We wanted good decent. Priced Indian food, so we drive all the way here. We were not disapointed! Really great food!
5	One of my favorite "bring your own wine" restaurants in Montreal.
2	Service is avg to below avg. they didn't bring our drinks until reminded. One of the order was wrong, which was promptly corrected. We asked for 1 mild and 1 hot entree. Both turned out very mild - disappointing. We were mislead by prev reviews. Need to remind myself that most yelpers who review indian restaurant try the meat dishes, which could've better. Disappointed!
3	Amazing food yet horrible service. They simply gave us a bottle opener to open the wine ourselves. When we asked for a doggy bag they gave us a stack of stirofoam bowls to fill ourselves. Butter chicken was one of the best I've had. Will probably go back anyways.
5	Excellent choice for tasty Indian food in Montreal at a reasonable price (quite inexpensive compared to others). Loved their paneer pakodas, chilli paneer, paneer tikka masala, naans & chole bhaturas.
4	Of significant frugal prominence, the Thali lunch spread willingly deals a valuable effort. Their seven dollar Chicken Curry Thali would fare as good as any better famed establishment. The plate is apportioned into 5 shares of various serving; cook veggies, a papadum chip, a tandoori drumstick, curry chicken and basmati rice. All rich and savory except the rice must commit itself to more fat. It needs BUTTER.
2	Went there today for the first time. My boyfriend and I both ordered the lunch thali. He got the vegetarian one and I got the curry lamb/butter chicken dish. It was very disappointing. We are big fans of indian food and we tried a lot of different restaurants in the neighbouring area. Unfortunately, Punjab Palace was the worst. The veggie thali lacked substance and taste, while the butter chicken was extremely sweet and dry. However, the lamb curry was not bad. Saving grace was the naan bread which was fresh and delicious, even though it came 10 minutes after the meal was served. For the same price or maybe less, you can definitely get better indian food on Jean-Talon street.
3	Restaurant was packed even it's Weekday. We the family of four ordered Lamb & Beef Briyani which was Ok"rice is sticky". We liked Nan so much but chili chicken was not up-to our expectation. Service was slow and server looks too casual. Price is Reasonable.
