5	My skin feels delicious.  ~---that could be my whole review if you knew how I previously felt about my skin - since you don't - some background.I've never been comfortable with my skin, living in Az my whole life has left me with an uneven tone. My genes have given me over sized pores and The Devil has recently started giving me oily but flaky skin. I've started seeing Kerry for regular facials and she recommended a skin care routine. Recommended NOT pushed. I was concerned about being talked into buying a bunch of useless products that I would never use. She's not like that at all. She doesn't want you buying them if you're not going to use them. HUH? Wha??? Yes- she genuinely cares about her clients and it shows in the way she treats each client as an individual.(Plus, she can barely keep The Max in stock, so don't buy it if you're not going to use it!)My skin has been transformed into glowing healthy skin. The skin care routine is quick and easy,  I only wish I'd started it 10 years ago. I've actually gone out twice this week without liquid foundation *gasp* and no children were harmed. :)
5	If your looking for the best products and a wonderful aesthetician look no further than Sofia's Facial and Waxing.  I definately posed a challenge for Kerry with my skin, and frankly was not too optimistic.  But after a few minutes with her I was convinced she was special.  She not only gave me a great deal of encouragement, she worked with me to develop a daily regime using the Image products she carries, and I was hooked.  I've been going to her for facials and micro-derm treatments over the past two years and am thoroughly convinced.  Now, I have numerous people comment on just how smooth and soft my skin looks.  If you want results...and the professionalism of one of the truly nicest people I've met, go to Kerry!
5	kerry deserves more than 5 stars.  While I was living in SF, I visited Nicole for waxing -- she is skilled, her manner welcoming, and her studio is soothing.And she's excellent in an emergency.  A few weeks after moving across the bay, the uni and the stache were ready for maintenance, so I stepped into a store offering waxing.  The scene was ugly -- fluorescent lights, cold wax, and moments after my first brow got the strip, I realized I had made a mistake.  I left the place half-waxed and called kerry .  She very sweetly offered to fit me in between her day's scheduled appointments, and turned misfortune into beauty
5	Kerry is very professional.  I was looking to have my eye lashes permed...not very many salons provide this service.  I have been there twice just for the perm.  She does an excellent job.  My first visit she told me how long the perm would last, made sure I was comfortale and before I left asked if I was satisfied.  I get the perm for special occasions and I am so please with how it turns out.
5	Kerry is one of those people born to her profession. Part clinician, part Zen mama - Kerry knows her craft and makes your visit a de-stressing experience. My husband who wouldn't notice if I shaved my head told me my skin looks MUCH better. Reduced pores, evened out skin tone and HYDRATED - for the first time, I am proud of my skin!
5	Kerry is miracle worker!   After moving to the desert, my skin became dry and aged quickly.  She has managed to take years off with epidermal leveling and she has mastered the Image skin care line so my skin has never looked better.  My dermatologist didn't provide as good results so I now drive  4.5 hrs every month just to see Kerry.  The Vit. C mask is amazing!
