3	Inconsistant!Nice place, good service and friendly staff.  Wine at SAQ price + small open charge.  Reasonably priced overall.Nice menus, it would be great if it was predictably good or bad but it is pretty random.  I have been there more than 20 times and I would says that about 30% of the time I was quite disappointed (50% of the time It's ok, and 20% is very good).  Last time I had a veal burger (lunch special).  It was horrible!!  So this place is a hit or miss.  I will probably go back again, it is conveniently located and suited for business lunches (assuming that the food will not suck that day).
3	First time here for me and probably my last.Service was good but no effort to speak english to us....This to me is very important even though my french is perfect. But my guests did not speak french and unlike Steak Frites St.Paul they were more than happy to speak to us in english in a french area.I also felt this place was a bit of a knock off of Steak Frites. We ordered the mussels and these were excellent. So were the fries(SF knockoff). My main meal was Dore Amandine and this was not good...very disappointed as it was totally tasteless mostly and when I did taste semething it was not good. Rice seemed uncooked but veggies were fine. My party had veal which seemed OK along with the steak. Oh well so much for Paris in Laval!!!
2	I went there for the first and last time last night. The food was ok.The service was very bad. We were a group for a b-day dinner. We brought a cake with us and They cut the cake before singing happy birthday, if that's not bad enough, they tried to charge us 2$ for each piece of cake for cutting it!?!They tried to convince the birthday girl that her meal was the entree size rather then appetizer even after she told them about her doubts. It took the manager to convene to get her the right dish. When asked for an empty wine glass they brought a filled one and charged for it.There was also very few choices for the vegetarian guests.The manager was nice enough to try to fix everything by giving shots to everyone but it was far from smooth sailing all night! Good thing they have wine for Saq prices.
4	French Bistro Ambiance! Aznavour song as I am writing this post. Superb food and service. Fresh salad topped with blueberries. Sympathic!
